  if you put this to public vote it would fail astronomically . 
  when did `` progress '' become so wickedly backwards towards women ? 
  without changes to trends , declining birthrates and increased immigration will mean within a generation or so white people will be an ethnic minority in the us - they already are in terms of births . 
  that 's not what a huge part of the country wants . 
  people in the us , especially the south , feel like their communities are dying and they are n't exactly wrong . 
  their demographic is slowly being replaced by migrants typically from south america and asia but more modernly from further afield . 
  look at it from this skew and it 's easy to understand brexit and trump . 
  local people are being replaced and feeling increasingly alienated in their own society . 
  this is a * huge * component of trump and brexit anti-globalism . 
  to ignore it or call it racism is to not discuss the elephant in the room . 
  you speak of the nation that put a man on the moon . 
  the descendents of the people that did that are only decreasing . 
  there are a slew of other reasons ( hillary 's corruption and health , the decline of christianity , home ownership and real salaries , rise in islamic terror , us support of saudi arabia ... ) but this is the most emotional and by extension the most driving feeling people have - even if they can not or would not express it fully . 
  and germany does n't seem to have any control over either . 
  much as leaving the eu does n't entirely please me , leaving the uk would be a damning betrayal of our english , welsh and irish family . 
  we have our political differences but i earnestly feel they can be resolved within the foreseeable future . 
  i do n't think that the problems with the eu will ever be resolved . 
  boohoo , patrol the water with ships and make it emphatically clear that this is not a valid way to enter europe . 
  take biometric records of all migrants . 
  an eu without external border control is not a sustainable political project and will slowly die as member states lurch right to nationalism to protect their own borders . 
  the greatest threat to peace in europe is n't russia or china , it 's the dissolution of common political cause because we are too weak to protect our own borders . 
  germany 's response to the migrant crisis can thoroughly be considered a driving force behind brexit , i unabashedly point the finger at merkel because her naivety let brexit happen . 
  how many more migrants will it be before the likes of france follows suit , or before far right parties absorb enough of the vote to indefinitely cause coalition governments ? 
  the madness needs to end before it jeopardises the continent . 
  together we 're the second largest military force by spending - we can control our bloody borders but we choose not to . 
  i fundamentally think her choices are irrational . 
  a desire to help people would be met by aiding the problem at the source and taking steps to find repeatable and sustainable solutions - not blindly accepting anyone that that says they 're from mena to live in your country indefinitely . 
  go to refugee camps and lift people directly from there . 
  fund such camps where they occur and work on a strategy that has more reason to it than `` everyone walk to germany '' . 
  establish lines of communication between european countries to aid with identifying people . 
  acknowledge the demographic imbalance you are creating by absorbing mostly young men into your society and the social problems that will be caused by the culture clash . 
  i am not a `` right-winger '' but it is had to believe merkel 's actions are not driven by irrationality of some kind because they are clearly not pragmatic or sustainable choices . 
  war guilt mixed with hopeless naivity seems like the most probable source to me , perhaps i am mistaken . 
  she chose to become a figurehead of open doors policy . 
  were it not for her poor handling of the migrant crisis it is probable that the uk would have voted to stay in the eu . 
  i think she has personally damaged relations between european countries more than any other eu country leader and blindly laid the groundwork for the rise of right wing nationalism at home and abroad . 
  she has alienated a great deal of people and stoked religious and racial tensions through her naive arrogance and lack of public consultation . 
  better leadership would have understood the backlash of their actions . 
  lastly i imagine the new year 's eve raped and sexually assaulted women of mainly cologne but other german cities too are feeling just a little alienated . 
  good leaders reconcile policy to not alienate those that did n't vote for them . 
  there 's a balance to be struck . 
  her handling of the refugee crisis is almost certainly what pushed the uk over the edge to leave the eu and is what 's driving a wedge between western and eastern europe . 
  you may love the idea of islam and third world migrants becoming a major component of your society , much of europe does not . 
  i think she personally is the politician most damaging to current internal eu relations by forcing deeply unpopular actions upon other countries because of german war guilt . 
  nato 's 2 % clause is not binding but it is still indicative of how underfunded the military is in many european countries . 
  if there were to be an eu army then many member states would need to cough up billions to make their fair contribution . 
  if they already ca n't fund their own militaries then where will this come from ? 
  orban 's hungary spends 0.8 % gdp on military . 
  the message seems to be `` we need a military but we do n't want to pay for it '' . 
  poland has a birthrate of around 1.3 per woman , haa huge numbers of people , especially young people , leaving the country , and very few immigrants entering . 
  at what point does this get recognised as a polish national crisis needing reversal ? 
  it can not continue forever , it 's a trend that empties the country of people . 
  why ? 
  so most member states can underfund it like they already do with nato/domestic military spending ? 
  well it 's not quite blowing up a school . 
  i do n't know what question your `` no '' is even answering . 
  i do n't understand why the typical western response by both governments and individuals to everything wrong with islam is instantaneous self-flagellation . 
  your response exemplifies it . 
  `` oh but christianity was this ... '' , `` it 's just their culture '' , `` we used to do x too ! '', 
  - it 's constant apologies for a brutal ideology that should rightfully be condemned for its abuse of swathes of people and groups . 
  the dark ages of christianity are * centuries * gone by , for islam they are here right now . 
  we can not change the past , only act in the present . 
  the `` normal muslims '' that you refer to that neatly box into western values are far from the norm for the religion . 
  even among the peaceful , ask them what they think of jews , gays , atheists , apostates , freedom of speech , secularism or women 's rights and the answers will likely range from dislike to utter contempt . 
  so frequently people will say how a minority of islamic terrorists should n't represent the majority . 
  well it cuts both ways , and the tiny minority of muslims that accept things like homosexuality being ok , the quran being open to interpretation or the ahmadis that go to mass are thoroughly not indicative of the religion as a whole . 
  no but terrorists are meant to spread terror and going out of their way to kill kind or good people is far scarier circumstances than indiscriminate shooting . 
  people will always leave their house to go shopping but a major incident against something like #opendoors would legitimately make people change their behaviour to be more critical of strangers . 
  i would think so , anyway . 
  that 's a convincing argument . 
  it 's an attack that you can do nothing about , that could happen to anyone and makes you utterly powerless . 
  to me it 's far scarier an act of terror than shooting people on the street . 
  you literally open the front door , someone stabs you to death and then moves onto your family . 
  they then do the same to the neighbours until eventually police are called . 
  what are you going to do about that ? 
  that is far more immediate an act of terror than opening fire in a crowded place . 
  cheap labour , easier for elites to preserve themselves among a divided population . 
  if increasing islamic immigration were put to vote it would drastically fail in the whole of europe and yet it marches on . 
  i can not think of one time in modern history where growth of religious thinking can be associated with improved education standards or quality of life . 
  more muslims means more islam which is fundamentally bad news if you are gay , jewish , a women , an atheist , an apostate , support free speech or care for people that fit in one of those groups . 
  christianity in western europe has been beaten into near irrelevance , especially among the young . 
  people call themselves christian when they do n't attend church and could n't quote one verse from the bible . 
  it 's deeply concerning that islam in europe is trending in the opposite direction , especially with young people . 
  why when it 's far cheaper to take in migrants ? 
  i 'm not being facetious here , it genuinely is . 
  16 + years of social services for a new young person versus 0 years for a working age adult that will work menial and manual jobs . 
  immigration is n't at record highs in nearly all of europe for no reason and population growth is not coming from the locals . 
  if the trends do n't change then the descendents of native europeans in many countries will end up a minority in our lifetimes . 
  this is n't a conspiracy theory or crackpottery , it 's just the truth of our absurdly low birthrates . 
  polish women are voluntarily having less children than chinese women did at the height of the 1 child policy . 
  you do n't need a crystal ball to see what the population dynamics of your country will be in 25 years - all you need to do is go to a hospital at look at the births . 
  i could go on but what you say is fundamentally correct . 
  any birthrate below 2.1 is not sustainable . 
  we are propping up our population levels with immigration , within a few decades this results in * huge * population replacement . 
   in practice most immigrants are not distinguishable after a generation or two . 
  for migration within europe this is certainly the case but i do not think this is true for much of the rest of the world . 
  people within europe have a huge deal in common culturally , religiously , historically , ethnically , linguistically and more . 
  everyone other than ireland * is * on equal footing if the uk is n't in the eu . 
  if being on `` equal footing '' is your argument then english as the language of choice just grew stronger with brexit . 
  this is a different case though .
