  it 's not like it had genocidal leaders or anything !, 
  infidels are my trigger . 
  british `` christian values '' are so watered down , wishy-washy and developmentally late stage , that they are just humanism with some awkwardness around gays ( even then that 's becoming untrue ) . 
  what does a modern british christian look like ? 
  weekly church attendance here is something around 5 % and the vast majority of christians take the bible as being there for interpretation . 
  there is n't a strict or regimented belief system , it 's freeform and all about picking the bits you like or avoiding the bits you do n't . 
  i 'm irreligious as they come , but british christianity is so placid it barely deserves attacking any more , it 's feeble . 
  young people would be embarrassed to even say they believe in jesus . 
  modern christian virtues are practically just humanist virtues with caveats when it comes to gay people . 
  they are thoroughly replaceable and in the coming years the us will become as religiously soft as western and northern europe . 
  did you know recent studies have shown going outside can be dangerous ? 
  ludicrous so many people go outside if you ask me . 
  it 's one of the reasons why using a comma between a list of two things is usually bad practice . 
  after a night in bamboo you wont want to survive . 
  svalbard surely !, 
  someone has to protect the seed bank , i do n't want to live in a world without all varieties of ferns . 
  yeah i have no idea where op gets france from in the context of scotland . 
  hating on the french is way more of an english theme than a scottish one - enemy of my enemy etc. 
  i suppose if they identify more as british than scottish it makes sense , but then why the scotland flag . 
   `` they are demanding . 
  they push hard . 
  they insist . 
  they just do n't let go . 
  many of my colleagues say behind closed doors : ` do n't stop a rolling stone . 
  if the brits want to leave , let them leave . ', 
   `` i do not support this line that just because the uk can be frustrating it would be in our interest to let it go . 
  i believe we need the uk to make the eu stronger and better . 
  and to make something stronger and better sometimes it 's necessary to push hard and be critical . '', 
  it 's not particularly fair to extract ~ ~ your ~ ~ this headline from this article without the full context . 
  `` colleagues '' ! = `` eu leaders '' . 
  his speech is reasoned and moderate , it 's not pushing a moral superiority and he looks to the future in a rational way . 
  he acknowledges the problems we face in terms of social cohesion rather than pretending they do n't exist but at the same reminds us how europe has been through worse . 
  i think that the vast majority of europeans agree with his sentiment that external borders must be secured for internal borders to be removed . 
  it 's not radical , nor is it inspired , it 's just sensible . 
  this speech strikes the precise sort of tone that people need to hear right now . 
  one of pragmatism and forwards thinking , make people feel like europe is in a pair of safe hands owned by someone that genuinely wants the best for the continent . 
  you do n't even know they 're muslim , and i do n't mean that in a bleeding heart liberal sense . 
  they almost certainly are but it 's really sad that a religion has effectively made itself synonymous with entire racial groups . 
  in referring to these guys as muslims you 're just reinforcing people 's perception that vaguely brown arab guy = muslim . 
  that fucking sucks for the folk that are ethnically middle eastern but do n't want to be associated with that religion . 
  you 're not letting them just stand on their shitty actions or their good actions alone , it * has * to be put in the context of the religion you think their skin colour makes them . 
  the people i feel most sorry for in this entire crisis are those that just want to no longer be labelled and disadvantaged by association with a religion they are n't even a part of . 
   another question : how many refugees did the uk have during the yugoslav wars ? 
  acting on guilt and moral superiority may be the modern german way of responding to crises but i 'd rather stick with pragmatism instead of dick-waggling refugee numbers . 
  europe can not simply absorb the entirety of mena . 
  how refugees and migrants are handled throughout 2016 will pretty much determine the outcome of the eu referendum , i do n't necessarily have a problem with that given it 's a microcosm of current eu flaws . 
   glasgow and edinburgh are cool cities , albeit very different . 
  main difference being edinburgh is for wanks . 
  just kidding , both have their draws . 
  i 'd certainly rather live in scotland than london , but areas of the south coast in england are definitely quite appealing . 
  i have family in bath and i 'm always aware of the fact that the weather is just consistently better , it seems small but rain and general gloom gets shit . 
  not really , 40 % is a huge number for something like supporting a resignation - you do n't brush it off as `` well a majority do n't think that way ! '', 
  like you would if it were 5 % . 
  reddit is mainstream now and with that comes mainstream religious demographics . 
  a few years ago you could 've been as critical as you liked of religion and most people would be in agreement , now you get shitty * le m ` fedora edgy fellow euphoric and brave redditor * comments . 
  fuck normies is the gist of it . 
  most british expats that remain insular are harmless retirees . 
  they are n't going to have kids so they 're not a long term demographic issue if they do n't integrate properly . 
  they absolutely should try to mesh with the local culture , namely learning the language , but if they do n't then in 20 years they 're probably dead and gone . 
  not just pie charts but angled pie charts made redundant by percentage stats , as if they were n't already a shit enough way of presenting information . 
  not really , we 're not even talking `` rural britain '' - birmingham and london are in a separate class to pretty much any other uk city demographically . 
  manchester , newcastle , leeds , glasgow , cardiff and belfast are all very much english/scottish/welsh / n. 
  irish cities that when considered in harmony are undeniably british . 
  birmingham and london are bubbles of their own , they do n't feel like the rest do at all . 
  when i go to london i do n't think `` boy this is britain '' , i think `` this is all part of the london bubble '' . 
  where are they from again ? 
  ah , just check the id cards !, 
  errm ... oh , check the fingerprint database !, 
  ehm ... you ca n't deport people to countries with no deportation procedures . 
  you ca n't deport people if you have no idea where they are from . 
  i would n't say glasgow has a second city vibe to it really . 
  most non-scottish folk have probably never been here and certainly do n't identify with it culturally . 
  it feels more like scotland 's primary city than the uk 's second . 
  talking about `` uk '' cities does n't seem quite right to be honest , more reasonable to talk about welsh , irish , scottish and english cities . 
  for england , birmingham is probably the second city but that place is frankly shit as it gets . 
  this sounds like some wwii style creation of israel shit but * this time * everything will be smashing !, 
  seems more likely that the kind of person doing this does it for a weird thrill because they know it gets a good reaction . 
  you would need to be a special kind of crazy to justify this kind of harassment on a moral basis . 
  another thing to consider on top of the other comments is that the tories frankly did n't expect to win the election , certainly not with a manageable majority . 
  it was fully expected to be a hung parliament with some sort of coalition again and the eu referendum could 've been an early casualty in negotiations with other parties . 
  as it stands though , cameron is trying to shore up the eurosceptic fringes of his party that could be tempted by ukip , as has happened before . 
  in having the referendum he gives eurosceptic tories enough reason to stick with the party . 
  you just need to ask their boyfriend !, 
   and as a christian , i think that jesus is the perfect case of someone who gave up his own security because he cared about others - even the security of his then enemies . 
  how did that turn out for jesus again ? 
  forgive my facetiousness but we do n't have the power of resurrection to play with . 
  ukraine , georgia , loads of border fuckery . 
  it really is n't hard to understand why it 's a genuine concern , makes me think you 're trolling . 
  sounds like a good plot for a james bond film . 
  brussels is ~ 25 % muslim , in absolute numbers alone you 'd expect there to be more radicalised people . 
  edit : i guess people do n't like to read this but it seems pretty self-explanatory that you have a greater problem with radicalism where there is room for insular communities . 
  beyond that , the fact that it 's already a fairly muslim place makes it not seem out of the ordinary that you would be travelling there to meet family or friends . 
  it 's an extremely bitter pill to swallow for most people but unless we do some or all of what you suggest things will not change , these attacks will become more regular and more people will be fearful of leading their lives . 
  europe seems to be committing a slow cultural suicide by falling foul of the paradox of tolerance . 
  the way the uk is being discussed in this thread reminds me greatly of how scotland was discussed during the independence referendum in uk based subs . 
  bashing , negativity and bitterness does n't endear people to you . 
  scotland 's public opinion went from a comfortable `` stay in the union '' to a near 50/50 split largely because of the dourness of the union side . 
  the uk seems extremely likely to follow a similar path , the difference being that the eu is less liked than the uk was in scotland . 
  i believe this may be to do with the fact that we are on reddit . 
  i did n't say otherwise , it 's a matter of proportion .
