  what rights are applied to me as a result of shinto , hinduism or islam stemming from political movements in japan , india or saudi arabia ? 
  they may have similar moral lessons but the political will for the universal application of them is what makes christianity in the west uniquely commendable . 
  not even just powell , literally any mainstream politician from history that we venerate would be as horrified as the public of today are . 
  what we should be asking is why our politicians enable this fracturing of society . 
  perhaps , but africa is distinct in that there is not enough arable land and water supplies to support the booming population . 
  over farming will lead to desertification and intensify the effects of drought . 
  it 's a disaster waiting to happen when paired with climate change making parts of africa decreasingly habitable . 
  [ this is a world map of arable land , percentage by country , as of 2006 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arable_land#/media/file:arable_land_percent_world.png ) larges parts of africa will not be able to support themselves in the way that india and china could . 
  this is your problem , you seem unable to discuss or criticise another country or culture without self-flagellating to prove yourself not racist . 
  you do n't need to criticise your own culture to make criticism of another . 
  it 's self-obsessive , `` everything has got to be about us , me , me , me - let 's not discuss how they sew girl 's vaginas shut in somalia because look a minority of spaniards taunt bulls and europe lacked moral conscience centuries ago ! '' . 
  self-obsession , self-hatred and a complete disinterest in bringing the most deprived parts of the world even a step closer to the standard of living we enjoy in the west . 
  i agree , hopefully it is inspirational for positive change however we 're talking about a 19 year old . 
  i just hope they are aware of the real security concerns that letting everyone know their faces and names brings , it 's not a decision to take lightly . 
  i do n't think i 'd be comfortable widely publicising this if i were them , just from a concern of self-preservation . 
  i do n't go there because there 's no reconciliation with people holding the mainstream views of the sub . 
  there 's no room for nuance or seeing opposing arguments discussed earnestly . 
  nearly everything gets mischaracterised and presented in absolutes . 
  it 's not a sub for political discussion , it 's a place for people to rant and be supported by other people that agree with them . 
  at least here diversity of nationality almost enforces diversity of political opinion . 
  we 've got countries that have first hand experience of fascist and communistic regimes , it makes for better discussion even if the history is lurid . 
  i could go on / r/uk and make a bunch of generic posts with the gist of `` brexit bad , tories bad , corbyn good , scottish independence good '' and easily be upvoted without any real effort because the sub cares more about broad opinions than the nuances . 
  it 's a support group , not a discussion board . 
  scotland : the weather . 
  the rain and grey can really easily get you down and there 's just nothing else to it . 
  i love glasgow and scotland in the summer when we have nice days but that is not the norm . 
  i just lived in the us for a year and was grateful for every single blue skied winter morning , because i knew back home it would be dark and grey . 
  i know northern europe feels my pain . 
  either you have borders and accept schengen needs some reconsideration for now or you accept that once a refugee is in one schengen country they 're in any of them and there is no control over that . 
  the partial shutting down of schengen , as has already happened , is leading to [ billions of lost euros ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/12143376/eus-110bn-problem-save-schengen-economic-crisis.html ) in productivity . 
  can we just acknowledge that for a second ? 
  the entire european approach to the refugee situation , importing millions of refugees , has been bad not just from an economic standpoint but a humanitarian standpoint . 
  more people could 've been helped by letting less people across the border in the first place . 
  it 's madness . 
  billions upon billions of euros just evaporated in lost productivity rather than spent to manage the situation in a way that would also keep the public happy and away from retreating into the comfort of nationalism . 
  the whole thing is just crazy , the uk would probably still be staying in the eu if things had been properly handled . 
  sort by controversial is where it 's at , lad . 
  not this garbage again . 
  britain has existed for over 300 years , it has its own culture that is comparatively youthful to that of its constituent members but a culture in itself . 
  i get it that you 're probably a scottish nationalist but c'mon dude , when you argue stuff like that is completely turns people off . 
  `` x does n't have a culture '' is the most irritating and stupid argument you hear because the very fact you have to debate it is indicative of you being wrong . 
  if a large group of people oppose you and say `` no , you 're talking crap , this is our culture '' and then you respond by gatekeeping and telling them it does n't exist then you have no argument . 
  you read like the people who say `` canada has no culture , sweden has no culture , the us has no culture '' - it 's just wrong and you do n't get to decide that for other people . 
  edit : let me give further context . 
  my grandfather is glasweigan , and my grandmother is english raised in the british raj ( lived in scotland after indian independence ) , my other grandfather is english and my other grandmother is french ( lived in scotland since the 60s ) . 
  people with backgrounds like mine , overlapping the home countries and the odd dash of the continent , have been around for centuries . 
  this is what british culture is forged from and if you think people like me do n't exist then you 're completely wrong . 
  it will count for even less in the world if the eu stretches itself against the will of the publics of europe and loses countries as a result . 
  do it too quickly and without enough support and you kill it entirely . 
  the rate of power being shifted to the eu was already too much for one member state . 
  history is filled with failed and forced political unions . 
  the only way to securely federalise is with the support of the vast majority of the general public in all member states . 
  this will not be achieved by diluting national identities with short term mass migration , the kickback of which is already reaching boiling point . 
  do it properly , without underhand tactics or sneakiness and do it with clear public consultation . 
  what a frustrating non-argument , the present being ok does not justify bad long term decision making . 
  the implications of a socially , culturally and religiously stratified future society with huge racial income inequality are not good . 
  there are a huge number of terrible long term decisions one could make that would have no impact in the present . 
  your argument is essentially that if the present is ok then everything is ok ? 
  see an optician about your myopia . 
  i could go burn all my pension fund and my current life would n't change one bit but it would be a completely moronic decision . 
  a country taking in 1-2 % of its population in refugees is a huge , huge undertaking that will have social and economic effects for generations . 
  you brushing it off as nothing is laughable . 
  if you think it 's old news then you better get ready for a lifetime of boredom because most of the refugees will be welfare dependents and never net tax contributors . 
  it 's a 3 point plan !, 
  i 'd just like to point out that / r/europe is a default sub for new european users . 
  from a political perspective that means we should be much closer to the standard reddit demographic , not less . 
  reflecting on the danish cartoon events is just sad now honestly . 
  i was too young to appreciate the circumstances properly at the time but now looking back at how the media responded makes me feel queasy . 
  our politicians and news outlets completely failed us . 
  so much idiocy from dangerous fools who let attitudes fester into the likes of the charlie hebdo attacks . 
  i just can not believe how immediately governments and newspapers collapsed on the principles of free speech and expression , effectively supporting the concept of blasphemy , because of some silly cartoons that triggered religious nutjobs . 
  social attitudes in europe are legitimately changing . 
  threads like this always attract the extremities but one would have to close their eyes , plug their ears and never pay attention to the news to not notice attitudes shifting . 
  heck , this is on reddit , a platform predominantly filled with 18-30 year old usually left leaning types and look at how crushingly pessimistic the outlook is . 
  this demographic should be about the most idealistic out there . 
  what on earth has it come to when people are celebrating the fact that le pen and wilders * only * come second , joke about sweden 's growing migrant tax burden and laugh about the uk crashing out the eu ? 
  i do n't think it 's fear mongering when the future is actually quite scary . 
  pim fortuyn , theo van gogh , ayaan hirsi ali , geert wilders - the netherlands really did experience and have public figures surrounding all of this stuff in the mainstream before the rest of western europe . 
  what is sad is that every country seems to need to experience their own tragedies first hand before they are capable of even remotely nuanced discussion . 
  european integration needs to be built on rock solid foundations with universal desire because anything less will collapse . 
  what you 're suggesting is vague and does n't make sense . 
  gah , this is how sweden treats their veterans !? 
  that 's cattle branding . 
  it just makes me sad and angry that we ever let things get this far . 
  all it would 've taken was the uk government to properly address people 's quite reasonable concerns over exceptionally high , and rising , levels of immigration and the huge pressure that was having on services , housing and british identity . 
  this was n't the only topic of contention , but if they 'd slain that beast the vote would 've been a shoe-in . 
  instead we 're fucking up the country and continent * whilst also not addressing immigration levels * . 
  it 's a giant self-inflicted social disaster waiting to happen and its not even the eu 's fault . 
  blair 's direction of uncontrolled mass migration from anywhere and everywhere , without making use of the opportunities to cap and dovetail the a8 , pretty much signed our exit . 
  it 's just saddening lunacy that we 're at this point . 
  i feel like you 're being overly antagonistic towards what i 'm saying when we largely agree . 
  the eu can not be static forever but at the same time potentially overreaching in areas like a communal army may prove to be counterproductive . 
  in my mind it 's like asking a girl to marry you on the third date . 
  but whatever , if you want to talk about `` europoors '' , liken my opinions to the daily mail , tell me you 're glad my country has left and say i have `` zero understanding '' then there 's no value in discussion with you . 
  i 'm not suggesting hundreds of years , but if you move too quickly you overreach , alienate member states and suddenly the entire thing becomes fragile and at risk for no reason other than impatience and ideology purity . 
  european federalists do n't seem to have taken the uk leaving as a suggestion that things maybe were n't on track . 
  it 's almost become a personal slight , the mentality seems to be `` huh , the uk is gone , well we sort of miss them but also fuck those guys now we can double and triple down on what we were doing before , hooray '' . 
  i just do n't want to see all of the sensible and logical communal work we have together jeopardised by a bunch of old ideologues that care more about forging a `` use '' than representing the public . 
  this is precisely why having an eu army should be considered one of the last stages of integration , way off in the future .
