  perhaps this is the distinction between euroscepticism within the euro countries and euroscepticism from outside it . 
  i see the problems of the euro as finite and shorter term . 
  it will eventually resolve itself either through burning up in flames or through a collaborative effort to address the economic imbalances throughout the euro countries ( what you call `` more eu '' ) . 
  i do n't think it will take down the eu , i think it 's more likely to empower it . 
  however the migration question is one without such an answer . 
  africa alone is projected to more than double in population by 2050 . 
  that 's over a billion more people , more than the total population of all europe right now . 
  most of these people will want to seek better lives outside their countries and as transportation costs and travel times decrease it will become a bigger and bigger issue for europe . 
  i do n't see anyone other than nationalist populists addressing this sort of question . 
  i think that the euro is the bigger `` short '' term problem and has the power to heavily disrupt the eu but i think that the decline in native populations and the growth of religious and racial tensions has far greater potential to actually kill the eu . 
  and i think that the latter is a symptom of the powerlessness you mentioned . 
  the populism sweeping the western world comes as a result of ineffective democracy and now i fear we 're going to swing into tyranny of the majority in our counterbalance . 
   but ms linde told the aftonbladet newspaper that she was not willing to break iranian law . 
  she said that since the only other option would be to send an all-male delegation , she was required to wear a headscarf . 
  what a pathetic stance without any sense of principle . 
  this is not how you bring about positive change for women . 
  ireland being a developed country remarkable for it 's high 2.0 + birthrate . 
  also one of the most pro eu countries , and i think that 's no coincidence . 
  not got much else to say other than that we 'd all do well to strive for that kind of outcome in the uk and the rest of europe . 
  the union will collapse into nationalist populism if moderates wo n't turn around native population decline . 
   for a time i just thought something like : `` those people lack social and economic opportunities , so they turn somewhere they think they can attain something . '', 
  even if this * were * true , it would n't explain the fact that the radicalised `` home-grown '' terrorists are often well educated and university students . 
  we have many cases of doctors and engineers joining isis . 
  i dare say that if there 's a correlation between education and likelihood of radicalisation it 's a positive one . 
  people like osama bin laden had every opportunity to live a life of luxury and they chose not to because islam spoke to their inner purpose . 
  we need to destroy the idea that radical islam can be solved by improving education or economic standards . 
  it might help a little but it needs to be crushed with cultural superiority . 
  increase the number of muslim apostates and drag islam kicking and screaming into the 21st century and maybe our grandchildren will enjoy a country without religious terrorist attacks . 
  the eu 's immediate problems could be fixed tomorrow by simply focusing on internal population growth and reducing migration levels by ensuring a strong external border . 
  it 's all boiling down to immigration . 
  enough people feel like their countries are being diluted with migrants so that it 's far easier for the eu to federalise them once they 've lost a cohesive and distinct homogeneous culture . 
  we have governments that do n't represent us , that 's the problem . 
  if it were put to a uk referendum then turkey would n't get in for a million years but people do not have faith in politicians to represent them on this . 
  i think the plan is to slowly die out and replace ourselves with 3rd world migration . 
  that 's the gist of it anyway . 
  i 'm yet to see mainstream politicians actually address or acknowledge the issue . 
  edit : but realistically we 're going to end up with ultranationalist parties when the native population drops low enough and then fuck knows what 'll happen . 
  probably very strict migration rules and pre-ww2 german style incentives for childbirth and families . 
  it 's already kicking off and nobody with a brain ought to be surprised . 
  the overton window has already swung waaay to that side of things the past 2 years . 
  anything less would surprise me . 
  well by this thread they sure downvote opposing views like / r/t _ d. 
  this meme is worse than milhouse . 
  so desperate that 38 % of us voted leave . 
  this '' `` scotland dragged out '' narrative is true but totally overinflated . 
  the snp vastly overrepresent the remain vote . 
  the leave voice in scotland is starved of representation by scottish mps and wholly ignored at westminster . 
  whatever the russians may or may not be involved with would be utterly irrelevant if mainstream western politicians would address the concerns that fuel the emergent populist right . 
  russia can give a push to the candidates that destabalise but let 's not delude ourselves into thinking movements like trump , brexit , geert and le pen are without their own propulsion . 
  this is coming about largely because of decades of chronically mishandled migration policy . 
  russia is most probably an opportunistic hunter here - they did n't start the fire , they 're just throwing logs on it . 
  if incumbent politicians had the balls to address the problems it could be snuffed out in an instant . 
  38 % of scotland wanted out the eu . 
  would independence not shift us from being part of the most eurosceptic country to actually being one of the most provably eurosceptic counties ? 
  i hate all this division . 
  i wish these fundamental referendums required super majorities . 
  even just an arbitrary 65 % . 
   but banning immigration from muslim-majority countries means shutting out progressive minds from these countries as well , which i 'm not okay with . 
  perhaps then these countries will change ? 
  sapping all the turkish talent and liberal minds seems a great way to keep it a conservative backwards place . 
  and we 're talking about the most liberal major muslim majority country here . 
  why ? 
  trump supporters love it , it 's praise . 
  edit : it 's a permanent reminder that they beat hillary . 
   we do n't like it when someone insults us . 
  and we especially do n't like it when ** deplorables ** like trump insult us . 
  the irony being that hillary 's `` basket of deplorables '' insult you just used was a tipping point of her loss . 
  it 's worn as a badge of honour ( well , honor ) by trump and his supporters . 
  probably the worst mistake hillary made , other than emails , was that phrase . 
  op says * after * ww2 , not during . 
  raids like this are an ugly side effect of totally failed migration policy . 
  police storming homes and places of worship should have been left behind in ww2 but we decided to self-inflict it again by playing with islamic extremism and not taking it seriously . 
  this kind of police intervention is only ever responsive . 
  we should 've never allowed things to come close to this . 
  good job to the police forces but your job should n't even be necessary . 
  the timescale is so wrong though . 
  the eu has expanded too quickly , the loss of the uk should have been seismic for the union and yet no eu leaders seem to have altered any of their opinions . 
  if anything they 're emboldened to * further * advance for more unity as fast as possible . 
  all the while people feel less secure and sense the loss of their culture to ramped up migration . 
  it 's all so catastrophically wrong and hurtling towards disaster at breakneck pace . 
  with some more foresight and better leadership the uk would still be in and the eu would have a far more secure future . 
  '' * nationalism is bad , i ca n't wait for eu nationalism * '' - op . 
  what actually makes someone a christian anymore ? 
  the bible seems to have been retconned into a feel-good story book that does n't have any non-secular guidelines . 
  i 'm not saying this is necessarily a bad thing , i 'm an atheist , but this kind of christianity has more to do with secular humanism than its own holy book . 
  it 's like they want the religion to fade into irrelevance and die . 
  it 's tiring to keep seeing this need to be said . 
  that 's because it 's not a muslim ban , there are plenty of christian minorities caught up in it too . 
   are you saying it 's not law just tradition ? 
  if so then i will be happy to agree to that . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying, 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  it 's entirely her choice to be neutral . 
  there is no law saying she has to be this way . 
  she is because she wants to be , not because she has to be . 
  it 's not a difficult concept . 
  she is politically neutral by choice , this is not some baked in fact of royalty , it 's her own autonomous decision that she keeps to and makes every effort to adhere to . 
  but ultimately it 's her choice . 
  do you think monarchs of 500 years ago were politically neutral ? 
  she does it wholly of her own volition because it 's good governance .
