  with police officers there can be a case made that diversity is intrinsically valuable because people will respond better to a representative police force . 
  what you do n't want is what happens in parts of the us where you have largely white cops policing black majority towns or women feeling male/male pairs are hard to approach . 
  police are there to be a protective force * and * a comforting presence ( this is not true for the army ) . 
  having a lower standard for women could in fact be argued as beneficial to the role of police in society . 
  i do not know the stats on this or how you would even measure it , nor do i know if this argument is correct , but it is much morel logical than the equivalent military case . 
  this is purely anecdotal but my father is an officer and his experience has been that when trying to deescalate people that are drunk , drugged up or plain angry women can be more effective than two burly dudes . 
  women are n't going to win in a fight against most criminals but most police encounters do not involve fighting . 
  what they do near always involve is keeping crowds calm and deescalating situations where possible . 
  if physical requirements for women were just as high as men you could stand to lose police effectiveness . 
  sweden does n't report the ethnicity of rapists because they would be overwhelmingly foreign born and that would be a racist statistic . 
  i do n't even know if i say / s here . 
  in near all of europe migration is rising and native populations are decreasing . 
  short of this trend changing we will see marked population replacement over our lifetimes . 
  it 's not some wackadoodle conspiracy theory , it 's a statistical reality . 
  just about no country in europe meets the replenishment rate for maintaining population size , if there was zero immigration the population of europe would decrease year on year . 
  immigration is a cheap and easy economical fix but i am worried for the social problems it brings . 
  i am concerned for the racial , religious and cultural breakdown of much of europe as existing populations become disenfranchised in their own societies . 
  the continent is in for some pretty fucked up times . 
  all the people in this thread who have only taken an interest in fx in the past 10 days saying `` the pound is going to slide lower and lower hurdur '' should put their money where their mouth is and short the shit out of the pound with all their savings if they think it 's such a painfully guaranteed outcome . 
  the market puts the pound at $ 1.29 at time of writing . 
  if everyone knew it were going to be lower then guess what , it would be lower than $ 1.29 . 
  the whole point is that the pound has dropped because of uncertainty , so seeing people here saying they certainly know the future of the pound is laughable . 
  the financial and investment sector revolves around risk and differing opinions on how it can be managed . 
  if you think you clearly and consistently know better than the markets then go ahead and prove it by becoming a millionaire . 
  alternatively , accept that you do not know in which direction the pound will go and quit your bullshit . 
  if market predictions were clear cut , easy and able to be reliably done by the comments of reddit then investment banking would not exist . 
  go enjoy the exchange rate if it favours you but do n't pretend you can see the future . 
   if i did n't say you said that you only thought those demographics voted leave . 
  you did heavily imply it though as you do n't acknowledge any other group as existing or there being an alternative argument to leave than imagination . 
  what is actually the stated engame of the eu ? 
  does it just keep expanding and consolidating power indefinitely ? 
  feels like it really painted itself into a corner with the whole `` europe '' bit in the name . 
   old and the uneducated you 're just being wilfully ignorant and rude if you think these are the only demographics that voted to leave ( you really think 52 % of voters are old or uneducated ? ) . 
  plenty of people from all backgrounds voted to leave , not all in equal numbers but there is far more to it than age and education . 
  what a lopsided and ill informed opinion . 
  it just highlights how far removed from reality this subreddit is . 
  you call it checkmate , i 'd say it 's more like a pet dog shitting all over the bed when you try to move it off . 
  chavs vote against immigrants whilst the middle and upper classes call them racists from their near entirely white communities . 
  sounds like modern britain to me . 
   their stocks are bleeding might want to look at the ftse mate . 
  the uk is inside the eu and has no obligation to leave , that in itself is a negotiating position because it brings uncertainty and discord to the union . 
  it 's in everyone 's best interest , financially and politically , for a mutually agreeable exit to be arranged . 
  the uk does n't desperately need anything from the eu , the uk can take its sweet time leaving as fast , as slow or as `` not at all '' as it likes . 
  after article 50 is invoked that will change but for the time being there is no great pressure and there wont be for months until a new pm is chosen . 
   careers of cameron and boris destroyed you might not like him , but boris is the most likely future pm right now . 
  i do n't see how his political career is even close to destroyed . 
  the difference is that the direction of power within the uk is further devolution to us and the direction of power in the eu is further integration with the goal of federalisation . 
  that 's really all you hear , `` made up bullshit and conspiracy theories '' ? 
  come on now , even if you support remain ardently that 's disingenuous . 
  it 's not made up bullshit to say that the eu has questionable democratic credentials ( half our eu politicians seem to be local politicians that have lost elections , they are expressly rejected by our electorate but secure eu jobs ) . 
  it 's not made up bullshit to say that the power of the eu is only growing and it 's not made up bullshit to say that the native population of most european countries is declining . 
  it 's not made up bullshit to say that participation in eu elections is painfully low ( ~ 35 % turnout in 2014 , ~ 25 % turnout in 1999 ! ), 
  and speaks to a wider problem of disengagement from the system . 
  if you think the anti-eu argument is unfounded then that reflects more poorly on you than anything else . 
  the eu has problems , * unquestionably * , it 's just a matter of whether we leave it for that reason or stay and work to solve them together . 
  human rights are subject to public opinion as they are not the same in every country is my point . 
  you said that human rights `` are not subject to the sways of public opinion '' they are , that 's more than evident by their variance across the globe . 
  if you were referring to a specific country perhaps , but even then in most countries parliament holds the highest authority and can scrap human rights if it so chooses . 
  they are ink on paper , not a force of the universe . 
  if you want a specific example then look not further than the front page of / r/europe : [ germany polygamy : minister says migrants must abide by the law ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36537305 ) . 
  polygyny is a right under cdhri , a migrant could see their human rights being trampled by germany if they were not allowed to marry multiple women . 
  you can surely see how this gets heated very quickly and how it is important to be clear when talking to certain groups of people specifically which human rights you refer to - because they really are n't universal . 
  regardless of where you 're from it 's relevant to understand that your interpretation of what `` human rights '' means is often not the same as that of someone from a country that adheres to the cdhri . 
  discussions about topics on human rights with muslims can easily be clouded or confused as a result of this distinction . 
  there are undoubtedly people living in germany already or that have come in the refugee crisis that : * do not know what human rights are * do not know the same concept of human rights that you know ( i.e they do not think freedom of religion is a human right as is the case in cdhri ) * do not support existing human rights and would advocate change to cdhri it 's definitely relevant to `` democratic rule-of-law countries '' because human rights are only meaningful if the population has at least a vague unifying understanding of what they are . 
  unless we 're talking about islam , in which case they are subject to the shari'ah . 
  [ i wish i were joking or being facetious but i am not . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organisation_of_islamic_cooperation#human_rights ) look into the [ cairo declaration on human rights in islam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cairo_declaration_on_human_rights_in_islam ) if you feel like losing some faith in the world . 
  whenever you hear politicians from islamic countries refer to human rights they are almost certainly not referring to what you think they are , and it 's completely intentional . 
  leaving the eu could result in the death of all sentient life in the galaxy , experts warn . 
  with friends like these ... 
  accent is just about the only way unless they 're wearing a scottish football team strip . 
  other than `` lads on tour '' i 've always found scottish tourists quite hard to find because we are fairly reserved . 
  this is most likely selection bias though , i imagine most of the obnoxious obvious scots go to resorts in spain whereas my experiences are mostly in northern france and central europe . 
  edit : and insane levels of sunburn on peely-wally skin , how could i forget ? 
  the do n't knows wont rock the boat because they wont turn out to vote . 
  scotland had 85 % turnout because it was a referendum years in the making ( some people had been waiting their whole lives for it ) with huge campaigns you could not * not * see . 
  it had far more emotion running through it than anything eu related can ever achieve . 
  the elderly population in scotland were overwhelmingly pro union and their turnout was as always the best ( without the over 60s vote scotland would be independent right now ) . 
  contrast this with the eu vote where turnout will be lower ( i would bet my house on it being less than 85 % ) , people do n't feel it as being as important and the elderly are largely against staying in the eu . 
  consider further that the leave side for the eu is polling better than the independence side ever did for scotland . 
  trying to use the scottish independence vote to justify why the uk will stay is pretty nuts . 
  i think that if anything it indicates that the leave side will have much better performance on the polling day than expected due to low turnout among the young and very high turnout in the elderly . 
  yeah but it 's not as fun to proselytise your countrymen . 
  far better to go show the savages how divine your ways are . 
  i believe this is the weak man part of the `` hard times -  strong men -  good times -  weak men '' cycle . 
  lol , we 've been neighbours for centuries and centuries . 
  i do n't think xenophobia is quite the right term , scotland and england are n't strangers to one another or `` afraid '' of how oh so foreign and different our ways of life are . 
  we 're too similar for that . 
  it 's more like idiot football supporters shouting at the other team . 
  racism and xenophobia might have applied in the 1800s , nowadays it 's more of a derby match between drunken morons in the latter half of their life . 
  i definitely get your point and tend to agree but the weight of that `` say '' is proportional to the size of the country ( other than on matters that can be vetoed ) . 
  for a low population country like norway , the value of fishery control , independent ftas , control over fiscal policy ( new countries join the euro ) and the lack of appetite for a closer union may well outweigh eu membership . 
  the eu brings with it the prospect of an ever closer union , the eea does n't ( and it also does n't require signing onto agriculture and fishery policy ) . 
  i 'm not just being semantic , but the difference really is in the name . 
  one is an economic area and the other is a supranational political union that is pointed in the direction of federalism . 
  from reading comments it seems the image is mostly anecdotal and unscientific , but just for the sake of discussion it would n't be unusual for the us to be fairly central . 
  as a product of predominately european nations you 'd expect it to average out somewhere in the middle of us all in a hypothetical `` correct '' study . 
  not that you can quantifiably measure something like this . 
  you 're spot on about the vitriol pro indy folk received in 2014 on that sub .
