  i might be mistaken but i think there 's a fairly tenuous link between whig and conservative through other parties . 
  either way , i think it demonstrates how much parties evolve and morph , they do n't tend to just outright die . 
  the party 's politics will change and so will people 's as they grow older . 
  the conservatives have not survived nearly 200 years , 350 if you include their whigs origin , by being static and maintaining the same policies and public image . 
  the party may decline and do some soul-searching but complete death is overestimation . 
  historically they 've been through far worse times . 
   be it as it may , it peaked my interest ... btw it 's piqued , not peaked . 
  [ pounded by the pound : turned gay by the socioeconomic implications of britain leaving the european union ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/pounded-pound-socioeconomic-implications-european-ebook/dp/b01hjxvp8g ), 
  what do you think makes someone italian ? 
  a passport ? 
  if the summation of your culture and identity is nothing more than a passport then you have no culture or identity . 
  if your culture and identity is entirely value based , valuing `` free speech , democracy , equality , rule of law ... '' then congratulations you have the exact same identity as * every * other western country and by extension no national identity of your own . 
  that makes me italian too even though i 've never been . 
  this is the precise problem europe is dealing with and people are utterly petrified to say that no , there is more to being french , german , italian or swedish than simply obeying the law and having a passport . 
  there are value systems that go right down to tiny things like how you converse with someone , how you hold eye contact , how you touch or hug or kiss on greeting . 
  we have diluted our idiosyncrasies , quirks and things that make us who we are into broad `` values '' that while true also completely miss the details . 
  monitor neo-nazis around the clock or arrest for thought crime ? 
  either way , our current blithe continuation into a religiously stratified and authoritarian state is fucking saddening . 
  find them and do what ? 
  arrest them for thought crime ? 
  monitor them , and the thousands like them , round the clock with multiple officers working on each extremist ( that has n't actually committed a crime yet ) ? 
  we 're told there are in the region of 3k `` jihadists '' already in britain . 
  we 'd need literally as many officers monitoring them full time , and even then , there is nothing to stop them randomly swerving off the road and killing people in the 10 minutes before police arrive . 
  you can not stop these kinds of attacks . 
  not with surveillance , not with monitoring . 
  this is britain now , it 's what our leaders chose for us and for decades to come it 's going to define our national security debate . 
  the islamic population in britain is growing explosively and with it a fifth column that would gladly see our demise . 
  i do n't think either of them understand or care that the culture and demographic shifts of the next few decades are going to leave the country unrecognisable to its current inhabitants . 
  quite simply the biggest issue to me , and huge swathes of the electorate , is simple preservation of our way of life . 
  we 're entering an existential fight , the old country is disappearing . 
  it 's not a racial concern , our culture and society is simply in the process of suicide and replacement . 
  i genuinely do n't think we 're far off the dissolution of not just the uk but the detachment of london as a separate globalised city state . 
  sadiq khan even called it as much , not a british city but a global one . 
  i just want to see any persuasive optimism , because i feel my country is dying . 
  / r/uk is a dire sub that shames us all . 
  a political echo chamber that lynches anyone with a nonconformist view and is n't remotely representative of the country . 
  if by `` we '' you mean our leaders and their cabals with business then sure . 
  the uk has been chronically misrepresented by its leaders not just for modern history , but nearly all history . 
  the plebs did n't ask for the shah like they did n't ask for most major historical decisions . 
  yet it 's the plebs that get to enjoy being vilified and blown up and stabbed on the streets for it . 
  and what would the application of that foresight look like in terms of policy ? 
  i 'm being so insistent on this line of questioning because the stuff you 're saying is normally just the first `` base camp '' on the way to some larger political point . 
  if people do n't deserve this , but are meant to learn from the past , then what does that imply politically ? 
  what are you being stopped from saying here ? 
  well what what are you saying ? 
  just that we deserve this for the actions of people born centuries before us ? 
  so you 're saying the only option is mass deportation ? 
  interesting to note that the `` best '' age to get married at to avoid divorce is late 20s to very early 30s ( [ relevant data from us ] ( http://observer.com/2016/03/getting-married-if-you-want-to-optimize-for-a-lower-divorce-rate-read-this/ ) ) , and i think most reasonable people can intuit as much . 
  our society and culture has changed to the extent that marrying young is usually not going to be good for your career prospects or general security in a way that was plainly untrue in decades passed . 
  the huge increase in the number of people going to university no doubt has an impact here . 
  i think it delays a self-perception of full `` adulthood '' and in turn desire for marriage . 
  `` the continentals '', 
   behind every terrorist is a failed support network , from their family , from the state , that has led them down this road . 
  to think they have no other choice . 
  they do n't belong anywhere , other than the message boards that poison their minds . 
  this is actually garbage . 
  just about every time there 's an attack the parents come out and say how they ca n't believe their little boy did it and how they are so shocked and upset . 
  and very frequently the attackers are well educated and studying at university with a good career path ahead of them . 
  what 's far scarier than saying `` oh it 's a failed support network , it 's a societal failing '' is acknowledging that no , there are some people who will just do this . 
  they 're from good communities , have good parents , a good education , a good future and yet they still do it . 
  i do n't remember committing mass murder as part of teenage angst . 
  anyone that can be radicalised to this is already sick in the head . 
  i get the joke , but is n't it weird that we literally do ? 
  from the nanny state that pays for and nurtures these people ... 
  germany does n't `` need '' migrants for the sake of migrants , it just needs sufficient tax revenue to support its population and maintain services . 
  this may seem pedantic but migrants are a means to that end , not the end itself . 
  automation of labour could achieve the same end through different means and costs . 
  this meme of `` needing '' migrants is just wrong . 
  germans might * benefit * , even to great extent , from migrants but there is no necessity . 
  the country would not implode if it significantly reduced its migrant intake . 
  tell me , what do you think would happen if germany did just that , what * need * would not be met if immigration were slashed ? 
  it 's an economic one . 
  the economy might not grow as rapidly as it otherwise could , it may even shrink , but in real terms what would this likely mean for a german ? 
  higher taxes , lower take home income , but the country would not cease to exist . 
  it would not explode in fire . 
  it does not need migration to maintain its existence . 
  it 's * not a need * , it 's a trade-off . 
  and it 's one that people should be allowed to make earnestly and without fear of reprisal . 
  the question is simple , to what extent are you willing to lose economically to maintain cultural homogeneity ? 
  to what extent do you value the continuation of your culture in a form close to how it stands today , because if you value it highly you will have to quite literally pay for it . 
  europe needs to face this question with eyes wide open because there is no going back , and this point of `` needing '' migration answers the question before it can even be posed to the people . 
  there is no need , only economic trade-off . 
  the economy needs to stop being worshipped as the only purpose for a country 's being and instead become seen as a vehicle for achieving happiness and prosperity for the people living there . 
  with migration as high as it is into germany from totally foreign stratas there wo n't be the grounds for a shared intergenerational contract such as a welfare state . 
  to put that in english , if you have lots of migrants you ca n't have lots of welfare for reasons both economic ( who pays for this increasing burden ? ), 
  and social ( why should i pay my taxes to some iraqi guy that has n't paid in a euro in his life to the system and does n't speak german or know my culture ? ) . 
  it is no coincidence that the us is so strongly capitalist and anti-welfare . 
  the country is forged by migration and the ideal that if you go there then you do it out of the dream of paving your own way in the world . 
  that does not include your money being siphoned off to pay for new arrivals who have done nothing to prove them themselves other than merely existing . 
  cohesive , homogeneous societies with low immigration and good natural resources are a prerequisite to high welfare states . 
  anything less is a ponzi scheme . 
  a change of strategy from insane to merely absurd . 
   a converted church ... jesus , i 'm atheist and that just makes my stomach churn . 
  how on earth were people in the 60s , when the conversion took place , okay with this ? 
  it 's erasure of history , it feels so totally wrong . 
  i 've been in churches that have converted into other things or even to different sects but never was aware of one being hijacked by another religion entirely . 
  -0.5 % , give the rest of the world a chance to catch up for a fair fight . 
   new and young does n't necessarily mean anti-establishment i literally said that but i take your point . 
  i think you 've got to be kidding yourself a little to suppose macron 's vision of france is a sharper turn than what le pen was supposing . 
  he leads a new party but it 's certainly less turbulent than fn and it 's not like he 's aligned with a bunch of no-names here .
