  spreading nuclear weapons amongst allies ? 
  how very trumpian of you !, 
  giving `` white '' some sort of special unifying meaning is such an americanism that only really makes sense to form an in-group juxtaposed to black african slaves . 
  the peoples of europe have been warring on and off for literally thousands of years and the similar pigmentation of their skin did n't stop them from it . 
  looking at europe through the lens of america 's white melting pot of `` oh you 're all white , you must get along and be very similar with no room for racism '' is just as bigoted as thinking japan and china are best asian friends that are so asian they * must * get along . 
  somehow we 've lead ourselves to think otherwise and conditioned ourselves to a thoroughly american perspective of being `` white '' as some sort of common identity . 
  it has no real precident this side of the atlantic . 
  it makes sense for americans to refer to themselves vaguely as white or black because most of them do n't know their proper lineage . 
  the same does n't hold water for europeans or asians in the same way . 
  oh no , wealthy old people who will be dead in 15 years . 
  how will spain ever survive this onslaught of capital and beer-bellied , grey-haired men ? 
  let 's be real here , if spain wanted rid of most of these brits all they 'd need to do is stop migration for a decade and they 'd die off . 
  they 're not a permanent fixture of spanish society trying to setup family roots for generations . 
  lol , just kick the can to poland and eastern europe to deal with whilst all their youth bleeds into western europe . 
  this will surely end well for all parties / s. 
  if you do n't have kids the country dies , or at least gets replaced in all but name . 
  this is the current trajectory for europe . 
  settle it `` for a generation '' like last time aye . 
  the snp are not going to give up on independence , ever . 
  it 's literally the purpose of their party . 
  they will always strive for independence sure as the earth goes around the sun . 
  it 's their reason for being . 
  i 'm pretty sure everyone will net lose , just some more than others . 
  germany exports a great deal to the uk , anything that interrupts that significantly wont be worth the small boost that comes from multinationals shifting a little . 
  thanks obama . 
  hopefully not at all . 
  it would be more insane for us than brexit already is . 
  the majority of people do not want full independence and 38 % still voted leave . 
  let 's see where the uk goes before foresaking a 300 + year union over a 30 + year union . 
  jesus it 's like human transformers . 
  present these points in isolation , separate from trump and / r/europe would probably go for it . 
  * nato needs to be funded properly and national security rethought * merkel hugely mishandled the migrant crisis , probably what tipped brexit over the edge * the eu needs to fix itself or it will die if it were n't from trump ... 
  literally force the people back and if the countries in question wo n't accept them then economically cripple them . 
  if they still wo n't capitulate then detain the illegal migrants until they return of their own will . 
  make it emphatically clear that they can not come here in a away that subverts rule of law . 
  secure our borders with a modern state of the art border force with all the funding they need . 
  one can only dream . 
  the eu is political pussycat . 
  we 'd rather sit in denial until the far-right wins in half the continent instead of proactively make longterm decisions to safeguard the future of the continent . 
  our leadership is pathetic and weak . 
  make no mistake , it 's the lack of gumption from our european leaders that oiled the path for brexit and is shaking the foundations of the eu . 
  if they love the union as much as they claim to then you 've really got to wonder why they 're intent on seeing it implode . 
  if eu borders can not be enforced it threatens shengen . 
  if shengen collapses then the eu is a limping failure . 
  why is this so hard for our political classes to comprehend ? 
  what is that blue thing behind the clouds ? 
  jungle frogs . 
  the most dangerous variety of all french . 
  you 've just discovered the mystical and secret land of french guiana . 
  surely japan comes under sphere of influence . 
  post ww2 , for at least a time , they were totally at the mercy of allied forces and our choices heavily altered the path the country took . 
  anyone aware of pending 5g advancements will know this is pretty much bullshit . 
  there 's no defined standard for 5g and even determining * what * 5g should be is not clear . 
  there are some technologies in asia in particular that are halfway houses but a `` 5g '' does not exist . 
  the main expectations are 5g will offer better coverage , better bandwidth to serve more customers simultaneously and higher data caps to the extent that streaming hd videos on mobile data can be done without worry about extra bills . 
  it 's not so much about chasing higher download rates . 
  the wikipedia article does a great job of contextualising this with how things shifted from 2g -  3g -  4g and explaining how 5g is a little different this time . 
  absolutely , if you look at somewhere like algeria you can see birthrates halving over the past 50 years as standards of living improve . 
  the problem is when you combine mass migration with significant declines in native european population over the next few decades if european politicians like angela merkel want to somehow harness low skilled , low educated and low paid workers from the third world ( which i think she does ) then it needs to be done with * extreme * care . 
  if movement is unrestrained and on a huge scale we 'll immediately see ( more ) ethnic ghettoisation of our urban zones and ( more ) white flight patterns to commuter towns/suburbia like that of the us . 
  we 'll head to increasingly parallelised societies of rural/semi-rural ageing whites and inner city urban ethnic minorities without any sense of connection between the two . 
  politically opposed , culturally distinct . 
  shit 's fucked me lad , and everyone is just observing it happen in slow motion because we 're worried about our pensions and maintaining infinite economic growth . 
  to be blunt , bulgarian birthrates are low and there 's only so many of them - this is true of * all * of europe . 
  even if they were a huge problem , and i maintain they are not particularly , it would be a finite one that would end after a while . 
  birthrates in backwards and wartorn shitholes are high and pretty much inexhaustible . 
  their populations are overflowing into europe with no sign of stopping any time soon . 
  it 's like comparing trying to fix a roof on a sunny day versus a torrential thunderstorm . 
  i do n't like this tradition . 
  how will terrorists * ever * get around this ? 
  with a car . 
  never mind . 
  let 's keep wasting time and money on ineffective policy spearheaded by ineffective leadership . 
  well he 's not wrong . 
  ignoring referendum results because they 're awkward undermines the whole system . 
  and france is still reeling from it . 
  anyone young and working in the tech sector especially can attest to this . 
  but more broadly , what is the future of countries in the east and balkans if they maintain high levels of outward youth migration , low birthrates , low retention of educated people and very low inward migration ? 
  just purely from a democratic standpoint you end up with the parties of the elderly taking root due to demographics , in poland that 's already happened . 
  it genuinely worries me what we 're blindly brewing up due to eu freedom of movement . 
  too often we talk of how western europe needs to be tolerant migration ( and how that 's the * big issue * ) without even considering the impact on the country people are leaving behind . 
  my gut instinct tells me this will eventually lead to opportunistic far right campaigning based around the idea of `` humiliation '' . 
  i can just imagine the harnessing of the political imagery of your grandchildren being sent off to clean toilets for brits in shiny office blocks , how there is no future for them at home and how countries such as germany have sucked them of their future . 
  once that 's framed in an anti-eu context , as it increasingly is , then we 're headed to a real shitty place . 
  tell me more about how tolerance , multiculturalism and diversity have always made europe great despite being entirely modern concepts driven over the past 30 years . 
  babies holding german flags ? 
  not on merkel 's watch . 
  i do n't like this graph , not least because it seems like some dubious online poll . 
  populism comes about * because * of the next top three things on that list . 
  it 's not like populist regimes exist in a vacuum , they come into existence directly because of other factors . 
  to look at what 's happening in europe and say `` ahah , populism is the problem - stop that and everything will be stable ! '', 
  is to entirely misunderstand the situation . 
  populism exists as a * symptom * of instability - not a cause . 
  though at some point it becomes a positive feedback loop . 
  my point is that interpreting political events from the perspective of populism coming out of absolutely nowhere is ludicrous . 
  it 's a matter of cause and effect . 
  so many people in the thread losing their rag when this was almost certainly done so that the sun could fit a headline in without a guy standing directly in the way . 
  * but no * , got to make this as racially charged as possible on no grounds other than the sun being a shit paper with a bad history . 
  i do n't want to call people like this racists , but the fact they ca n't look past race to the obvious reason this was done makes it clear it 's all they can think about when they see a black person and that in itself is pathetic . 
  if they 'd cut a white guy this would not be news to these people .
