  these people are basicly the puppets of erdogan . 
  all this circlejerking over pvv seems neglect this news . 
  there 's a growing fifth column in the netherlands and nobody seems to have any redress for it . 
  is there precedence in eu law for headscarves being considered religious symbols ? 
  that 's really the question that would need to be answered first . 
  if a headscarf is considered non-religious then forcing it as uniform would be of no legal difference to a shirt and tie . 
  obviously this leads to hiring problems where you can de facto discriminate by religion because next to no non-muslims wear a headscarf . 
  the whole thing is just a symptom of the wider problems of integration and multicultural societies . 
  sounds like he needs to be arrested by the fashion police . 
  it would be rather nice to have competent european leadership . 
  you 're just trading semantics for semantics . 
  allow millions of migrants to pass through turkey into europe . 
  by far the easiest way to destabilise the continent . 
  it 's not `` plain and simple '' at all , it 's arbitrary and lacking objectivity . 
  ask 5 people what `` hate speech '' is and you 'll get 5 different definitions . 
  it 's fuzzy logic applied to natural language , it 's literally the precise opposite of being clear or crisp in definition . 
  do they on the same scale , are refugees more prone to mental illness , are there enough resources available for this if that is the case ? 
  perfectly reasonable questions to ask that apply not just to germany but any country with a significant refugee population or facing more refugees - so all of europe . 
  sweeping news like this and the resultant discussion under the rug does no good for anyone . 
   nothing , the rest of them will find away around the polish no ... finding ways around votes it does n't like is what the eu does best, 
  why were eu nationals even allowed to vote ? 
  it makes my blood boil to recount this . 
  i had polish and bulgarian friends at university , both of whom were only here to study because of the free tuition and the fact we speak english . 
  one of them told me he specifically did n't vote because he thought it was totally absurd he should have a say ( for which i very much respected him ) and the other voted yes because he thought that would be funnier to see happen . 
  neither of them live in the country anymore and neither have any intention of returning to live here . 
  they had literally no investment in the decision , no concern for the consequences and had left the country before scotland would have become independent . 
  why was it ok that the single biggest choice the people of scotland have ever made was open to pollution from people that could n't give a shit which way it went ? 
  it really pisses me off there was n't some kind of 5 year residency requirement . 
   he 's absolutely right . 
  in a couple years , we 're going to end up with massive american , chinese , indian , and russian blocks , and some people really think eu countries are better off by themselves ? 
  i do n't think many people say that at all . 
  even the staunchest ukip mps talk of the need for european partnership , the point of contention is the eu itself and the extent of its remit . 
  freedom of movement , mass migration and the expansion of the eu 's role in governance will see france and the rest of the continent disappear as real self-governing countries and cultural blocks long before the hypothetical dangers of the russian , chinese and indian boogeymen . 
  i do n't want to see my country torn apart over the eu . 
  it 's so totally sad . 
  just devolve considerable powers or find some workable solution for the foreseeable future . 
  our populations are already so blended . 
  just about everyone in scotland has family in ruk , we 're in it together on the same bloody island ( well , apart from ni ) whether we like it or not . 
  the balance of power is wrong but the fundamental concept of tight cooperation is not . 
  pulling scotland out of the uk for the eu will leave a deep seated hatred of the latter amongst much of the population . 
  38 % of scotland also voted leave , we 'd quickly go from the least eurosceptic country of the uk to one of the most eurosceptic inside the eu as unionism is conflated with anti-eu and vice versa . 
  it 's just a fucking sad state of affairs . 
  i mean i literally quoted you twice saying it, 
   high rape statistic is not due to immigrants . 
  this is a claim that requires evidence that you clearly do not have or you 'd cite it . 
  stop making things up !, 
  you do not know the rates of rape in sweden from migrants , nobody does , because the government does not report on it . 
  you have no idea how related these two variables are so stop saying they are unrelated . 
  i think i see 1 person with a post history on t_d from when you wrote that comment and they are n't remotely inflammatory . 
  i just do n't get it , why do you need to lie ? 
   it has nothing to do with immigrants, 
  where are the trumpsters out in full force , the thread had like 20 replies when you wrote that and none of them were particularly inflammatory . 
  you 're fighting against your imagination . 
  why do you care more about someone 's nationality than what they 're reporting ? 
   ... and it always draws same conclusion , it has nothing to do with immigrants other then sweden have the strictest rape laws and widest rape definitions in the world . 
  prove it . 
  you literally ca n't because sweden does not record ethnicity or nationality for crimes , stop talking shite and being so closed minded . 
  the pendulum effect , eventually things will level themselves out . 
  my money is on the * mainstream meejuh * and the liberalist globalist elitists . 
  for real though , these events seem too well organised and funded for a grassroots effort . 
  it feels pretty inorganic compared to similar political demonstrations when i look at the social media pages and that sort of stuff . 
  maybe i 'm just a loon . 
  who funds these events ? 
  it 's certainly an interesting scenario that in theory the biggest party with the largest support could also hold the least `` actual '' power . 
  to me it seems like a recipe for unrest and anger if the primary reasons for the rise of pvv are disregarded by whatever coalition forms , but perhaps i look at this with too much of a british mindset where coalitions are uncommon and usually distrusted . 
  it 's nice reading things directly from natives when it comes to elections and politics , thanks for sharing . 
  this sub always leaves me with food for thought . 
  perhaps i misattribute too much charisma or bombasticness to him ? 
  being non-dutch i do n't know how well he comes across in debates and maybe that 's where my confusion comes from . 
  is he overly ideological and when pushed for details he sort of crumbles ? 
  there are certain characters that revel in being attacked on all fronts . 
  trump in the republican debates is the obvious example . 
  it 's naturally much harder to get a handle on non-english politics for me . 
  i 'm in the us studying ( i 'm from the uk ) and had an indian-dutch roommate here - we 'd talk about this stuff a little which was cool . 
  i like following foreign elections and wish i could get a better feeling for the zeitgeist , i wish i could speak more european languages just for that reason !, 
  many people here are saying geert avoids tv and public debates etc. 
  why is that ? 
  i would have thought an underdog image and character of being unafraid to speak his mind in public would go hand-in-hand with his political philosophy . 
  it makes me think of nigel farage , who appeared in all kinds of things pertaining to the leave campaign and answers calls from the public on his radio show . 
  why would geert stop ? 
  how can he possibly be in a position to `` play it safe '' when his whole political direction is to rock the boat ? 
  i 'm not giving my opinion on brexit or independence but honestly , world leaders outside of europe must be finding it hilarious how easily we turn on one another . 
  i mean what a fucking joke . 
  we 're watching the decline of europe in slow motion as we bicker over scotland and it 's entirely our own fault . 
  infighting with a detached political elite and a long-term trend to decreased geopolitical relevance . 
  i 'm not giving answers , just venting at the utterly lamentable situation we find ourselves in . 
  what the shit happened to europe in the past 20 years to get us here ? 
  to give us men like verhofstadt trying to pry scotland from the uk ? 
  who even wanted this ? 
  i mean what a fucking waste of human capital . 
  it 's just sad . 
  i used to like izzard 's comedy when i was younger . 
  now i just picture that pink beret and how much of a tit he was on qt and i ca n't stomach listening to him . 
  i do n't get how someone who is clearly capably intelligent came across so awfully . 
  i mean fuck , he probably swung a respectable number of people to leave . 
  precisely , i neglected to mention that but it 's absolutely huge . 
  if europe is to be the destination of these people it will mean a fundamental restructuring of our society and i do n't think a little `` wir schaffen das '' will cut it . 
  think of all the political change stemming for the current migrant crisis and then imagine it being 30 times as many people . 
  that would have killed schengen and maybe the whole eu . 
  nobody seems remotely prepped for it .
