  even the most trivial differences are enough to make people discriminate ( see [ minimal group paradigm ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/minimal_group_paradigm ) ] ) without realising at perceptible levels . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a huge issue , you can minimise it considerably , but there is an element of base human psychology that causes people to discriminate . 
  we could all look identical , except for a randomly coloured dot on our forehead , and people would still discriminate based on the dot colour ingroup . 
  groups ike blm in countries with zero legitimate cause are pretty much always going to exist because of human ingroup/outgroup behaviour and the resultant perceived or real prejudice . 
  modern human societies are dysgenic . 
  intelligent and healthy people have less children and unintelligent people typically have more ( and are propped up by the state for doing so ) . 
  the long term effects of this will be bad , but whatever , europe ignores anything involving the phrase `` long term '' . 
  this data representation is pretty bad . 
  we have a non-linear scale and a colour intensity choice that vastly over represents the numbers relative to spain . 
  also what is  250,000 meant of mean , 500 million ? 
  give me the actual number and then set the colours in each country to be a fraction of the intensity of that based on a linear scale . 
  also it 's based on `` born in the uk '' , not `` british nationals '' , so it skews data for places like poland where it 's simply polish people who moved to the uk , had a kid , then moved back to poland to have their family grow up there . 
  it 's actually a worse representation of the data than a plain table would be because it 's misrepresentative . 
  anyone who glanced and had no prior knowledge would think there are only a few less brits in the czech republic than there are in spain . 
  it 's no good . 
  colours should scale properly , scales should not be arbitrary . 
  hahah , we had many dealings in colonialism and slavery - just not on our doorstep . 
  glasgow 's wealthiest areas owe a great deal to the profits of such activities . 
  it gets brushed over as `` british '' but scotland , as a part of great britain , was deeply involved in this sort of stuff especially around the carribbean and american south where many scots called their new home . 
  we 're up there as a top country that `` gets away with it '' at a public perception level . 
  we 've got nothing on spain though , heck , or portugal . 
  not that i 'm complaining , colonial guilt is a sickness i 'd rather avoid , but on pure historical terms scotland had more than its fill of immoral `` funsies '' . 
  we 're pretty good at ducking out of it and blaming england is all . 
  poland is positively lavish compared to the places people are coming from . 
  it is `` spared '' primarily because of the actions of your politicians and only secondarily because there are richer nearby countries like germany . 
  do you seriously think that the political attitude of poland 's leadership is irrelevant here ? 
  it 's the primary factor that is stopping mass migration to your country and if western europe adopted a similar approach it would achieve similar results . 
   you ca n't stop a religion by force . 
  fuckin lol , that 's precisely the best way to stop or spread a religion . 
  you only think that because of the selection bias of only being able to see religions that have survived conflict . 
  you do n't remember the dead ones because they are dead . 
  history is littered with religions and civilisations that met their demise at the end of sharp objects . 
  violence is how we spread christianity across the globe , it 's how islam spread itself across the middle east and it 's how it 's spreading itself to europe . 
  violence is the bread and butter the most successful religions . 
  it 's working well for poland , consistently one of the safest countries in the world . 
  i 'd go with it for at least a time to assess its efficacy . 
  apparently just about everyone , given that people , consciously or unconsciously , tend to prefer living amongst their own ethnicity or in-group . 
  nowhere on earth has created a `` colour-blind '' or post-racial society , it 's a strictly hypothetical goal . 
  given that , i think it 's reasonable that people consider the impact that the decline or loss of an ethnic majority has on their communities . 
  one can not just ignore the political and social effects of it because one does n't want it to be that way . 
  racial discrimination is n't an inevitability , but i think the current pace of change of europe is taking it that way and we 're going towards a stratified us style society with the polarising identity/identitarian politics that comes with it ( see op ) . 
  trump , brexit , le pen - i that 's three political reasons why europe might want to consider the implications of the laissez faire approach to native population decline and growing immigration . 
  ignore human psychology and in-group mentality at your own peril . 
  i 'd like to live in a perfect world , but we do n't . 
  what right does france even have to `` integrate '' people that are born in france but have zero interest in the continuation of the french state or way of life ? 
  it 's an existential problem . 
  the only reason france exists is because its inhabitants want it to . 
  replace those inhabitants with people that could n't care less what country they 're in , so long as the handouts are good enough , and what have you even got other than a fifth column ? 
  what do you call someone that is n't an ethno nationalist but still wants their country to be predominantly of their own ethnic group ? 
  that seems to be the problem the west is facing . 
  what proportion of france should be `` native '' french ? 
  50 % , 70 % , 10 % , does it matter ? 
  that 's the problem . 
  and while everyone and their dog cries to high heaven it does n't matter to them , their actions - white flight and moving away from or outright avoiding migrant communities - tells a different story . 
  it 's not an exact science , none of this is , but as western countries become decreasingly native in demography these topics are going to be more and more relevant . 
  and people need to realise there are more nuanced views on this stuff than `` colour blind super non-racist '' and `` neo nazi wanting to kill everyone not like them '' . 
  a fair point . 
  i just think it 's important we do n't oversimplify what is going on . 
  all to often i just see people say or imply there is some primary or singular root cause for the migration crisis when in fact it is many , many factors all overlapping and there 's no panacea for it . 
  it 's not about porn , it 's about regulation of the internet . 
  this is the foothold for future action . 
  everyone is joking about how absurd and prude it is but it 's entirely intentional because nobody particular wants to be the mp `` defending porn '' . 
  that 's why it 's central to disseminate the understanding that it is not about pornography , it is about government control and surveillance of the internet . 
  it 's all part of the same movement as encryption backdoors and other authoritarian aims . 
  they could n't care less about porn , this is why labour is fine with it - they quite fancy controlling the internet too . 
  certainly not the wankest timeline . 
  i 'm sorry but quakers , jains and amish are not on the same scale as saudi arabian wahhabists . 
  they 're all nonsense but they 're not all dangerous nonsense . 
  yeah , that does not explain all the eritreans , somalians and sub-saharan africans in general . 
  sure as hell does n't cover bangladeshis either . 
  it definitely is not working . 
  they elected donald trump as president as a near direct knock-on effect of sharp demographic change and a perceived decline in their `` american '' strength and virility . 
  exact same story for brexit . 
  immigration levels and the perceived decline of the country 's `` strength '' was an underlying theme in both campaigns . 
  you can not just swap the population of a country and not expect political uproar and rash decisions . 
  europe can keep dodging le pens and wilders for a few more years but what happens when one of them actually gets elected ? 
  it 's not working , it 's playing with fire . 
  treating secondary causes is the most insanely frustrating and stupid thing britain does whenever it comes face to face with regressive cultures and attitudes . 
  `` ban x , legislate on y '' . 
  we do n't need fucking acid licenses , we need to kill the culture of throwing acid in people 's faces . 
  i mean jesus , that 's the answer , beaurocracy and licenses ? 
  we did n't need them for oh , the entire history of our country , because prior to recent years we had n't mass imported the idea of throwing acid at people . 
  do you seriously think that acid is the problem here ? 
  that these barbarians destroying london wo n't just move onto the next third world import for maiming people ? 
  the culture is what matters , not the law , licenses and beaurocracy . 
  and part of what this country and continent is coming to realise is that you can change laws but you ca n't change cultures without decades and decades of misery to spare . 
  i do n't want to live in a society where the only thing preventing someone from throwing acid in my face is their inability to acquire a license . 
  why the hell are we depending on law changes to alter what is quite clearly a cultural problem . 
  not many acid attacks in iceland i imagine , i wonder why . 
  certainly not because of robust acid licensing . 
  christ this county is dying . 
  edit : and how many millions of pounds are we going to spend on this licensing system ? 
  how many thousands of parliamentary hours will we waste addressing an entirely self-inflicted problem ? 
  i only get so bloody frustrated because this is emblematic of continual governmental and social failings . 
  who in 1960 would 've proposed this would be what is being discussed in britain 60 years in the future ? 
  it 's such a disgrace to our forebears . 
   this was a funny piece to read . 
  also why do those have to be christian values . 
  do n't most religions have passages about helping the poor etc. 
  sure , but where else have these moral lessons emerged into universal human rights ?
