  he wants common ground with merkel , perhaps the most established leader in europe . 
  new and young does n't necessarily mean anti-establishment or reformist . 
  the little tim that could !, 
  the funniest scenario is one where corbyn narrowly loses and stays on as leader . 
  would make for the best memes . 
  `` you can be as logical as you like but i do n't really care about that '', 
   i think you might be underestimating the sentiments towards migrants from you own country a bit . 
  i 'm not at all , in fact i made the most extreme point that if spain utterly detested uk migration it could be near wholly resolved as an issue in a generation or less by just blocking further inflows . 
  old people die , the average age of brits in spain is not young , they 're old farts that want to wade in warm pools and spend money in the sun . 
  stop more from coming and the vast majority of these octogenarian threats to spanish culture will naturally disappear rather quickly . 
  this is not true or comparable when the rest of the world comes to the uk . 
  they want to stay permanently and usually have large families . 
  apples and oranges , it 's not a valuable comparison . 
  which commonly run along racial lines because humans have a tendency to outcast and maltreat people that look different . 
  i mean , what is your example here of a multiracial country with a perfectly common culture across racial groups ? 
  i ca n't really think of one but i can think of plentiful examples of either de facto ethnostates like japan or south korea or countries with major racial cultural differences like the us . 
  even if you do n't call it a part of ethnicity , race is a huge indicator of ethnicity . 
  it can be . 
  ethnicity is defined by social groups based on common culture and nationality - that can easily form along racial lines . 
  in fact it nearly always does . 
  someone hit me up with a history of failed walls , because most of the big ones i can think of have been pretty effective in achieving their goals . 
  obama just states this stuff as fact but i 'm pretty sure selective use of walls is a valuable and important thing . 
  some stuff is worth blocking out . 
  self deprecation and self mockery is a huge part of british comedy and psyche . 
  people can take it but when it 's garbage press or discussion that paints everyone as a moronic skinhead it 's not that humourous . 
  there is a strand of largely english brutish nationalism that aligns with what you described but that exists in most countries , ireland included , to a similar degree . 
  when people get pissed off it 's because you 're making them out to be what they are n't . 
  perhaps because polish culture has a lot more in common with the uk than the likes of dogmatic islamic bangladeshi culture and as such does not pose remotely the same kind of threat . 
  perhaps also it 's because poles have a history of integrating well into other countries as in the us or canada . 
  furthermore , poles do n't have higher than average family sizes and the population of poland is in for decline , not explosive growth . 
  it 's just a terrible comparison all round . 
  polish migration is considered an * economic * threat by people working low skilled , manual labour jobs because of wage suppression . 
  you 'd be daft to think it an existential cultural threat because the numbers just do not pan out and the culture is not vastly different . 
  poles also are not committing suicide bombings and terror attacks . 
  not in the slightest , they are old , wo n't have kids and are a generation away from death . 
  stop migration from the uk and they 'd be gone in 20 odd years . 
  the same is not true of non-eu migrants who are overwhelmingly young and looking to have above average sized families . 
  it 's such an obvious point i do n't get why this even gets discussed , it 's like people are willfully avoiding the slightest bit of thought to derail discussion on the op . 
  truly insightful / s. 
  it wo n't be a positive when our histories and cultures are erased within a few generations and our countries become completely unrecognisable . 
  immigration to support the elderly is an unsustainable ponzi scheme . 
  odd because i 'm pretty sure japan does n't deal with terrorist attacks every few weeks . 
  but what would i know , apparently children being blown up is just a natural and unpreventable process and we should do nothing . 
  there 's plenty that can be done about it , it 's just not all that palatable to liberal democracies . 
   isis ' entire agenda , their long term strategy , is to create a cataclysmic divide between ethnic europeans and muslims , to the point where europe breaks into large scale civil war . 
  no , their entire agenda is to turn europe , and the world , into an islamic caliphate . 
  exactly as the qur ` an and the history of muhammad guides them to . 
  anything else is just steps along the way . 
  their end goal is n't chaos or civil war , it 's an authoritarian , global islamic society . 
  i 'm not the op , i just think you 're talking crap . 
  80 years ago the doomsday prophets would 've been pretty fucking spot on because it was the start of ww2 . 
  but beyond that , the international mainstream criticism of swedish migration policy by the various right wings is entirely a modern phenomenon . 
  past few years and nothing more . 
  demographics are destiny and from a native perspective sweden 's , like most of europe 's , are in for stark decline . 
  i do n't really know what you 're contesting about this stuff . 
  it 's like you do n't realise indigenous swedes are becoming a minority . 
  to an outside observer this is n't just the uk fucking itself , it 's the whole continent fucking itself and damaging its future . 
  prosperous neighbours make for good neighbourhoods . 
  whatever your stance on the eu , cooperation and respect between european states is good news and the decline of this cooperation is only good for people without europe 's interest at heart . 
  it 's just sad to see folk celebrating bickering and infighting . 
  really ? 
  something like brexit or trump would 've been utterly unthinkable as little as 2 years ago . 
  the doomsday predictions of highly racially stratified societies and resurgent ultra nationalism are becoming more credible , not less , with each coming year . 
  / r/scotland is alright when it 's discussing local news but is totally politically lopsided in favour of independence ( which should n't be too surprising ) . 
  other uk subs have their ups and downs . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is just tragic , go there for depression material and echo chambers . 
  to many , if not most of his supporters , trump is n't the end , he 's the means . 
  he 's a vehicle . 
  his supporters do n't particularly want him , the temperamental , orange billionaire , but rather the perceived ideological direction of him . 
  it 's why stuff like the pussy incident does n't phase them , it was never really about the man himself but the whole theatre of political ideas that goes with him . 
  to lukewarm supporters trump is like a bus driver who 's going to go off a cliff but it 's ok because he 's also stopping at your house along the way and you 'll get out then . 
  the babies that die of blood loss and complications each year do n't tend to speak out . 
  i 'd rather my government policy be cynically pessimistic than naively optimistic . 
   this is what british fascism looks like . 
  no , fascism looks like fascism . 
  enough with the stupid comparisons , it dilutes the term even further than it already has been . 
  it 's this idiotic hysteria that provides a genuine subject for right wing mockery , and the side that can make its opponents look laughable is usually the side that wins out . 
  it will be for your grandchildren or more likely grandchild , singular . 
  err , tell that to the swedes and germans . 
  government policy trumps geography easily . 
  it 's such a weak response to say `` ohhh no , our borders are n't being respected , there 's nothing we can doooo '' . 
  there are so many things the eu or individual countries could do to reduce illegal migration and reduce deaths in the med . 
  dingdingding . 
  as an actual eu member we 'd immediately be one of the most `` sceptical '' in the union . 
  38 % of the country voted leave and that 's whilst * barely * experiencing immigration . 
  ramp up immigration to english levels for a decade and people would shit the bed . 
  scottish immigration attitudes are in line with english attitudes and we receive far less migrants . 
  scotland is a fairly conservative country , the snp just hold it all together because they value independence more than infighting . 
  and yet here in western europe we 're told that the saturation of the workforce with migrants is good for us . 
  what 's the purpose of this kind of stunt ? 
  do they deem the exposure to be more valuable than the negativity of being seen to plagiarise a speech ? 
  it 's so weird , it 's like a `` make-your-own-publicity-stunt '' . 
  very similar to melania trump at the rnc . 
  i do n't even get how it could work . 
  that 's just nonsense and there are plenty of counterexamples to demonstrate as much . 
  [ the velvet revolution ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/velvet_revolution ) for one . 
  hundreds of thousands of people , nonviolent and entirely successful . 
  just like we should n't care about turkish , russian , american or syrian politics right ? 
  that 's a very isolationist attitude to take . 
  it 's not delusional to say that vastly more brits desire freedom of movement with canada , australia or new zealand than poland .
