  some people being psychologically sound does n't change those who are n't . 
  being brutalised by conflict probably has something to do with it . 
  natural language processing . 
  where to ? 
  what do you do when they regroup and attempt to enter again ? 
  i do n't disagree with you , but what we should do and what we can realistically do feel very different . 
  i think anyone can agree to this sentiment , the problem is how do you handle hundreds of thousands of people trying to come in each day when you have limited personnel for security , translation and administration . 
  even if we did have far more people working on the crisis , what do you do when you have thousands of people like those in this article ? 
  if you send them away then they 'll just come back in greater numbers or group with people who are similarly declined entry . 
  they 're not a problem that just disappears when you tell them they 're not allowed in , if anything they become exponentially more problematic . 
  all this idea of filtering and border controls in meaningless however if the root cause of the migrants ca n't be solved though . 
  there are too many aspects to the problem for it to have a clean solution . 
  homosexuals are n't illegally entering the country nor are people committing terrorist acts and mass murders in the name of homosexuality . 
  we 're witnessing the slow decline of native european peoples and europe as a cultural and economic leader . 
  pop open some wine and grab a glass because this tolerance of mass economic immigration is but the first death knell . 
  this is also now true of canada under their new system . 
  it 's like $ 5 or something but you need to pay for an evisa . 
  more immigrants of course !, 
  no this is n't a ponzi scheme and no it wo n't result in de facto replacement of local peoples and culture , do n't be such a crazy * racist * . 
  it comes from the uk , we 're running a near 10 % gdp deficit in scotland . 
  it would be totally unsustainable as an independent country . 
  such a vassal state we went greatly against us interests by leaving the eu ? 
  piss off with your melodrama . 
  two votes both pertaining to eu governance both having shitty turnouts indicates , at best , disinterest to me . 
  i 'd say it 's a relevant way to assess public opinion . 
  still a better turnout than their 2014 eu election ( 29 % vs around 42 % ) . 
  and just like that , * poof * , this is now a brexit thread . 
  germany is like the kid at high school that thew an out of control party when their parents were away . 
  now there are a bunch of 30 year olds nobody knows sniffing coke in the kitchen and people are pissing on the carpet . 
  the future social problems germany will face are predictable , self-inflicted and entirely deserved . 
   i am sure that the main reason for the scottish people to vote to stay in the uk was that an independent scotland would be out of the eu then why has desire for independence here not risen in the polls as a result of the leave vote ? 
  we chose to stay in the uk in 2014 . 
  the uk voted to leave , we are part of that decision even if our region voted differently to the majority . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  scotland is not independent , the snp should stop acting like it is . 
  in what direction is the trend going ? 
  how will that proportion be in 20 years ? 
  demographics are destiny and native european populations are shrinking where migration is increasing . 
  it 's a boiling frog . 
   you ca n't easily install an authoritarian system against the congress , but the same moderating factor does n't exist for the 1000 and 1 horrible decisions he 'll take as ` commander in chief ' . 
  how is trump an authoritarian , why would he want an authoritarian government ? 
  his entire position on the role of government is that it should be small and not overstep its bounds . 
  he very much supports the rights of the individual and is a strong constitutionalist . 
  he wants less taxation , no more foreign nation building . 
  how is he an authoritarian ? 
  do we just use that word like `` fascist '' to describe people we do n't like ? 
  i 'm not exactly fond of trump but he is not an authoritarian . 
   they tend to buy their own bullshit . 
  unless it 's a sleeping bag of course . 
  what if the attacker mugs someone for their money * and * because they are foreign ? 
  how do you prove the latter ? 
  you can not without the offender shouting slurs or something . 
  hate crimes as a legal tool are dangerous because suddenly any crime against someone is looked through the lens of prejudice , even where it may not exist . 
  these laws should exist but how do you possibly prove an attacker 's motivation ? 
  does committing crime against a [ insert minority ] now * always * carry a greater police response , even if it is not motivated by hate ? 
  does this not entrench division ? 
  we 're favourable to immigration and the eu because we have very few immigrants , not because there is something magical in the water here . 
  if demography goes the way of england i highly suspect that racial , religious and national division will worsen . 
  it has taken nearly two centuries for scotland to come close to normalising under irish immigration and heal sectarian wounds . 
  the idea of scotland being welcome to immigrants is an entirely recent phenomenon that bucks an otherwise long an decorated history of violence towards outsiders . 
   i have a feeling things will eventually start to mellow down and people will cool down . 
  what makes you think this way ? 
  i think things will only get worse as the native population in the uk continues to shrink and people see our culture being undermined . 
  if trends do n't drastically change then within a generation or two natives will become go from being a minority in some neighbourhoods to being a minority in entire towns and cities . 
  we 'll have a de facto caste system of minimum wage foreign workers in menial roles and racially divided areas of our cities to match . 
  it 's already that way in london . 
  you only need to ask someone outside the city what they think of the capital and many will tell you that it simply does not feel british anymore and i do n't even think i disagree . 
  brexit did n't happen for no reason . 
  if current trends continue then our native population will disappear over the next few 50 years . 
  it 's like they come from a culture that has been in opposition to our own for a millennium . 
  obviously it is if your preference is something hateful like sharia law . 
   i think there are some very powerful forces conspiring to either weaken europe - or bring out some very serious disorder . 
  i 've been feeling this way for months now . 
  i just ca n't comprehend european political forces not foreseeing civil unrest . 
  it 's so painfully predictable it surely can not be unintentional . 
  european birthrates are low , our native populations are aging and ultimately drastically decreasing . 
  surges of migration are going to tear european countries apart down ethnic and national lines when mass unemployment of the migrants becomes clear . 
  without change to trends , the kids of today 's native europeans will not be a majority in their own country but they will be part of a racial and economic upper class . 
  i just can not see how this does n't end in blood and fire without drastic intervention very soon . 
  it 's bloody scary and nobody seems to be worried about what we 're heading towards . 
  juncker leaves fridge door open all night by accident : ' * further eu integration is necessary to solve this crisis * ', 
  perhaps this is n't a pertinent example for you but are you aware of how destructive and socially damaging sectarianism between catholics and protestants has been in scotland and ireland for oh the past few centuries ? 
  are you aware of the ira and how they targeted police officers and their families ? 
  it would be ludicrous , dangerous and divisive to have officers displaying their faith and picking their side with crucifixes and crosses . 
  a literal walking political and religious opinion . 
  every time a catholic is arrested by a protestant they would immediately consider it discriminatory and vice versa . 
  it breeds social disunion and distrust of law enforcement . 
  how about when a jewish kippah wearing man ( it has to be part of the uniform now too for fairness ! ), 
  arrests a muslim ? 
  when a burka wearing muslim women arrests a jewish man ? 
  we solve this problem easily and simply by disallowing officers from wearing religious or political symbols . 
  it is not hard to do . 
  `` the burka is n't religious but cultural ! '', 
  someone chirps . 
  well then it should have no more protection than wearing crocs and a beanie . 
  if it 's not uniform , take it off . 
  and by uniform i literally mean uniform , a standard set of clothing - not `` wear what you want , we do n't want to be offensive now '' . 
  police officers should not be allowed to wear identifiable religious clothing , nor should they be allowed to obscure their face unless functionally justifiable . 
  this would be a big step backwards and normalises conservative islam in the uk where instead it should be crushed . 
  we should not let this treatment of women be socially acceptable .
