`` it 's not an issue that affects me , therefore it 's completely unimportant . '', 
  not sure what 's going on in the czech republic in particular , but keep in mind that not all terrorists are islamists . 
  far-left and far-right groups , various separatists , christian groups , and many others have committed acts of terror throughout history . 
  can someone please explain to me how it 's beneficial for the us to have the uk remain in the eu ? 
  obama seems really worked up about it , but i do n't really see how it affects the us at all . 
  the conservative narrative of `` expanding social programs would destroy american innovation '' does n't seem to hold up when you look at successful countries in europe and the anglosphere . 
  so conservatives had to come up with some excuse of why it works in those places ( because it obviously does ) but would n't work in the united states . 
   it seems fair to conclude , then , that even if scandinavia and the u.s. have different innovation rates , it 's not because of income inequality . 
  if that 's true , then the authors ' model does n't hold , and a swedish levels of equality , and the welfare state needed to achieve them , seem entirely compatible with high levels of innovation that can drive growth . 
  admittedly it 's pretty roundabout . 
  this will be a fun comment section . 
  edit : for anyone who comes in here without bothering to read the article , the conclusion they reach is `` no . '', 
  more logical than those ex-yugoslavia superteams that keep popping up in / r/soccer and / r/nba ... 
  i get it , it would be cool to see what those players could do together . 
  but i really do n't think it 's happening . 
  looking at the current candidates for us president , i really just want to vote for justin trudeau . 
  i 'm not saying germany is a perfect state ( evidence : op ) , but there are certainly things we can learn from them . 
  i do n't see us free speech laws being violated by any of the current major candidates , so i 'm not sure what the big worry is . 
  also , the south is n't going to rise anytime soon . 
  sanders is at most center-left by most european standards , and much farther right on some issues . 
  to compare his ideas to russia , china , cuba , or venezuela is simply ridiculous . 
  define `` new york . '', 
  upstate ny has very reasonable housing costs , but obviously the city is different . 
  there 's partick cross and cessnock , hillhead and merkland street . 
  st. george 's cross and govan cross , where all the people meet . 
  west street , shields road , the train goes round and round . 
  you 've never lived unless you 've been on the glasgow underground !, 
  sk\u00e1lm\u00f6ld are filming a new music video as we speak . 
  belarus and kazakhstan as well, 
  you okay there , dalmatia ? 
  can you donate blood plasma for money in any part of europe ? 
  it 's legal in the us and has many of the same requirements as blood donation . 
  are there actually owls in owl hill ? 
  assuming there are , how soon can i move ? 
  any of canada , the uk , australia , or new zealand would be great . 
  specifically , i 've always wanted to live in wales ; i 'm currently looking at applying to universities there . 
  there are other countries i have a passing interest in ( germany , switzerland , norway , croatia to name a few ) , but i 'd most likely end up in one of the above . 
  most of my mother 's side lives in upstate new york . 
  whenever i visit i end up wondering why my branch moved away ... 
  [ in case you did n't know , flags are n't our state 's strong suit ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/7/7e/flag_of_salt_lake_city.svg/1280px-flag_of_salt_lake_city.svg.png ), 
  i thought everyone knew that cs_italy was t-sided to the point of stupidity . 
  i 'm trying to decide between `` arctic imperialists , '' `` fashion victims , '' and `` baptised nazis '' as a new band name . 
  as a fan of folk metal i agree with president obama . 
  finland have good metal in a variety of genres , but their folk metal especially is absolutely top notch . 
  wow , this is actually a great idea . 
   why does it matter ? 
  it does n't . 
  which is why i 'm always baffled when europeans get mad at people for saying `` soccer . '', 
  your argument is a good one , and if i could go back in time and choose the name of the sport , i 'd probably go with something like `` gridiron '' or `` american rugby '' ( still problematic , but more descriptive ) . 
  but the fact of the matter is that 's not what happened , and i personally do n't think it 's that big of a deal . 
  it seems like many european-dominated web forums will get * really fucking mad * about people saying `` soccer . '', 
  i personally do n't get it . 
  i 'm not defending the `` it 's called soccer lololol '' trolls , but i do n't think dropping the word in casual conversation is a reason to get angry at someone . 
   few cars are sporty enough to warrant precise control of gears but a manual transmission can make an underpowered econobox a lot more fun than it would otherwise be . 
  is that the price of a used one ? 
  the us msrp of the focus titanium starts at us$ 23,575 . 
  it 's not universally true , but sometimes it feels like the reverse in america -- small carriers might give more amenities . 
  flying with alaska means free craft beer and checked bags , while jetblue gave me access to satellite tv for no charge . 
  you know , the kind of stuff that would make heads explode at delta or american . 
  edit : we do also have southwest , frontier , etc. 
  which seem more in line with what you described . 
   that might be because the only other times i have flown to north america it has been with air transit , delta and american airlines . 
  big american carriers seem to pursue a policy of aggressive mediocrity . 
  i must admit that i 've never flown with ba or another european airline , but i 'm quite curious to see if i 'm missing out on anything ( and , of course , to see europe itself ) . 
  i 'm a sucker for croatian checkerboard patterns like the exterior shot you linked . 
  maybe that could be one way to spice up the inside ... 
  [ absolutely nothing to see here ] ( https://flyawaysimulation.com/media/images1/images/lot-polish-airlines-boeing-787-8-v2-fsx1.jpg ), 
  do n't they also own swiss airlines ? 
  those damn germans ... 
  what happens to you ? 
  nothing . 
  literally nothing . 
  after you leave , the server ~ ~ will wonder if he or she will be able to buy food and pay for rent . ~ ~ call you mean things when nobody else is listening . 
  i do n't think tipping is a good system , but as long as it exists , i think it 's the right thing to do when you 're in a tipping culture . 
  edit : in a few cases a tip is automatically included on the bill , but that 's not the norm . 
   big ass trucks using any lane they please can be quite scary if you 're not used to it . 
   so many broken tires just laying along the regular highway though . 
  do n't know what that was all about . 
  you unknowingly answered your own question . 
  big trucks tend to blow tires . 
  a lot . 
  and the debris from the tires often does n't get cleaned up quickly enough . 
  i might be a bit salty about this because a few days ago i fucked up my own car by running over a giant shredded tire in the dark . 
  i know i 'm late to this thread , but [ here 's an article ] ( https://priceonomics.com/post/45768546804/diamonds-are-bullshit ) that you may find interesting . 
  basically , a company called de beers convinced americans that diamond engagement rings were important while simultaneously artificially reducing the supply of diamonds . 
  what if the person is right behind you and letting it close would result in the door slamming in their face ? 
  in the us , holding the door is for people who need help ( like you mentioned ) or if they 're close enough that letting the door close before they got there would be an inconvenience . 
  i do n't know if it 's the same where you live , but i 'm curious . 
  keep in mind that a lot of state universities often have a greater focus on sports than private universities . 
  those all look great , and folklore can make any natural area even more interesting . 
  yeah , just from the picture and your words you can tell how much the horses add to the scene . 
  it would look nice even without them , but it would look like a landscape in need of horses , 
  beautiful !, 
  i 'd love to canoe in one of those rivers if that 's a thing that people do , 
  those are all really cool , especially the picture of ojc\u00f3w they used . 
  no such thing as too many , 
  norway looks so beautiful . 
  the idea of mountains meeting the sea is simply majestic . 
  that looks gorgeous !, 
  maybe a silly question , but is there a reason so many of the pictures have balloons in them ?
