  if they do n't want to leave they should comply . 
  if they do n't comply throw them to jail . 
  it 's that 's simple . 
  who cares about history ? 
  all we should care about right now is that israel is a progressive democratic state , while the rest of the region is full of totalitarian shitholes , who also happen to support terrorist attacks against our citizens . 
  at the very least they 're military allies for a long long time . 
  iraq will become an official enemy as soon as western troops leave their country . 
  because it 's the ultra left part of the european society that 's pushing them to stop building settlements . 
  they know they can just wait out for a sane government to be elected in europe ( such as afd ) and palestine will get the long deserved middle finger . 
  some of them are still dual citizens so there 's hope for future deportations . 
  til swiss citizens are not allowed to emigrate outside europe . 
  again , israel is germany 's ally . 
  palestine ( and most of the arab world ) is not . 
  why should europe support countries which are not their allies and do n't share their cultural values ? 
  til . 
  his friends probably believe it 's going to happen because that 's how they would deal with the issue . 
  in israel they can get a rifle and shoot the pieces of shit who try to attack them . 
  good luck doing the same in france . 
  evil jews sucking money out of germany , am i right ?!, 
  / s get out of here with your pro-palestinian point of view . 
  many of those who left were employed and many were highly skilled as well . 
  their departure was especially visible in the baltic countries . 
   who we put restrictions on 50 years ago because we were worried they were emigrating to fast those restrictions were n't sufficient obviously ... just like they were n't with new eu members . 
  because it damaged the polish economy ( reduced number of available employees ) and damaged the poorest section of uk 's society ( their wages were lowered through competition with poles ) . 
   then people in asian countries should n't even care about the attacks that occurred in germany these recent years . 
  you 're right , they do n't care . 
  our only real ally in asia is japan - the rest do n't really give a shit about the state of affairs in europe . 
  iraq is not germany 's ally , not by a long stretch . 
  why should germany care about them ? 
  that 's because dystopian fiction is inspired by nazi symbolism . 
  the people who write science fiction do n't live in a vacuum , they look for inspiration in our history . 
  now i understand why so many polish people have escaped poland without looking back when it joined the eu . 
  the uk made a terrible mistake when it allowed the new members to immigrate without the 7-year waiting period . 
  i would bet the people who live within a 5 minute walk from the tram line do n't take the car . 
  however not everyone lives there . 
  it 's short term for * them * , long-term for us . 
  and right now it 's the other way around . 
  i mean , if it 's really an important urban concept , why are n't places do n't places like moscow , prague or kiev have one as well ? 
  who gives a shit about how well it works as long as we get to keep the economic immigrants out of our territory ? 
  if it 's a real concept that works , why is it unknown in the english-speaking world ? 
  sounds like some local pseudo-science bullshit , to be honest . 
  are air corridors a real concept ? 
  it 's more of an ultra-left/pc vs. realistic/conservative question , rather than a strict left vs. right . 
  the kind of people who drive to work do n't really care about the cost of public transport . 
  what they do care about is having reliable , frequent , comfortable public transport that gets them to their destination quickly and without too much walking . 
  until it 's faster * and * cheaper to take the public transport you wo n't get people to switch . 
  having to wait for the next bus for 30 minutes ( frequent in suburban areas ) or being forced to ride in metro cars jammed like a can of sardines is not a good alternative . 
  enforcing the borders is apparently racist in the eyes of the left . 
  make sure to vote out these clowns from whatever government positions they hold in your country . 
  no , i just think hate crimes happened before brexit with approximately the same frequency . 
  but it 's not a big news story if you do n't but the scary 6 letters next to it . 
  hm ... this is correct . 
  however the absolute numbers are still quite low and there seems to be downward trend . 
  whether or not poles are stealing british jobs is subject to debate ( afaik economic scientists do n't have a consensus ) . 
  however i have yet to see the statistics behind the claims that hate-crimes have significantly increased since brexit . 
  and since there still are n't statistics to prove that viewpoint , journalists have resorted to claiming that these crimes are merely `` not reported '' . 
  we 're witnessing the sad attempts of journalists at creating the ` brexit disaster ' story out of nowhere . 
  ignore these clowns until their viewpoint is backed up by some legitimate facts and statistics . 
  what about the swedish democrats ? 
  any chance they can stop this madness ? 
  that 's retarded then . 
  any chance you can vote these clowns out during the next election and build a proper highway and/or tram service ? 
  in case anyone wonders wtf is bura : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bora_ ( wind ), 
  are they adding rail/bus/tram service to compensate for the destroyed roads ? 
  and that 's why all citizens should be allowed to own guns for self-protection . 
  shit like that would be a lot more rare if anyone could pull out a glock and shoot the harasser . 
  would catalonia agree to allow some of their sub-regions to stay in spain after the referendum ? 
  after all , not everyone is enthusiastic about barcelona taking over . 
  and spain could then legally deploy troops to barcelona and arrest the independence referendum organizers . 
   advertising some traditional german food that germans love but czechs cant stand would be a waste of paper and inefficient use of resources specialty national foods are probably ~ 5 % of the total food market . 
  the rest is all the same everywhere : meat , milk , fish , cheese , bread , chocolate , etc. 
   why doesnt lidl just use german in all of its advertising ? 
  use of different languages is ( sadly ) inevitable , but at least everything else could be exactly the same . 
  i do n't believe czech consumers are much different from their german counterparts . 
   i 'd mostly be upset that lidl is not interested in country-targeted advertising honestly i 'm far more happy to get the global version of the ads . 
  local marketing agencies are horrible and usually resort to crude humor or shitty photoshop work . 
  besides , what 's the point of having the eu if companies need to adapt to local markets ? 
  the eu ca n't interfere in matters concerning national security and this amendment directly says gun ownership is needed for national security . 
  it is a direct response to eu 's attempt to curb the right to own guns in europe and it will be pretty much impossible for brussels to sneak-in their restrictive gun law afterwards . 
  they 're ultra-leftist in their treatment of problems stemming from excessive migration . 
  terrorism in europe in the 21st century is pretty much happening because of immigrants and removing the right to carry guns is not the solution . 
  gun violence is extremely low in czech republic , we 're not america . 
  but on the other hand having a heavily armed population is extremely helpful against foreign invaders and against the government itself if it starts misbehaving . 
  exactly , this is a way of fighting against ridiculous eu regulations pushed forward by ultra-leftist governments . 
  i hope it goes through and we can keep our handguns despite what brussels has to say about it . 
   a month later thousands of muslims march the street of london to protest against the caricatures i wish the uk just rounded them all up and deported them back home . 
  after all , they wish to live in a society that respects islam . 
  no , you 're not a hypocrite if you believe any sub-region should be allowed to break off from catalonia . 
  hats off to you . 
  that 's your opinion and i respect that . 
  but if you ask the current catalan leaders i 'd bet they 'd start arguing that `` catalonia must stay united '' and wo n't agree to a vote where half of their region might stay with spain and another 1/5th will suddenly join france . 
  after all it will seriously undermine the whole concept of being independent in the first place . 
  that 's why there 's a general process towards becoming an independent nation ( see scotland for a good example ) and no exceptions must be made . 
  if one of the border sub-regions of catalonia decided it wants to join spain or france instead - would barcelona allow it ? 
  if so , should n't then every single sub-region of catalonia get to vote on whether they want to leave spain or not ? 
  after all , why would lleida need to listen to the rest of catalonia when it comes to self-determination ? 
  allowing separatist movements without permission from the central government would set a horrible incident . 
  we already have the disastrous example of kosovo and let 's hope it wo n't repeat again . 
  pretty much every major czech politician is against `` refugees '' , along with 90 + % of the czech population . 
  why would i vote for okamura ?
