  if trump does something good - show it . 
  if trudeau does something bad - show it . 
  call out the bullshit and call out the lies . 
  that 's all that it takes to be trustworthy . 
  would they report on fake news spread by the left as well ? 
  debunk the myth of how the recent wave of refugees is helpful to the economy ? 
  if so , it 's a great idea . 
  if not , it 's yet another leftist circlejerk . 
  one of the poorest and least relevant countries in europe . 
  friends of russia . 
  extremely corrupt government . 
  the beaches are not bad apparently . 
  well it is true in part . 
  there are many extremely dangerous neighborhoods in france , especially paris . 
  the only equivalent in czech republic are the roma ghettoes . 
  read some actual research : https://www.oecd.org/slovakia/41029725.pdf also remember that slovakia is still very cheap despite the euro . 
  on the other hand switching will help fight against our shitty supermarkets which try to sell products at prices higher than in the west - comparing them would be a lot more easy . 
  if `` non-eu '' means refugees then all of them are against it , thankfully . 
  any politician who dares to support illegal immigration will be voted out ruthlessly . 
  ano supports whatever is good for agrofert . 
  if the conditions are right babis will support the eu . 
  if not he wo n't . 
  the idea that the euro causes prices to increase is false . 
  nobody can explain why it would happen and none of the euro adapters actually saw statistically significant increases in pricing after the transition . 
  yep , that 's the guy . 
  funnily enough an austrian citizen almost beat him in the elections . 
  possible solutions : 1 . 
  shift political institutions to depopulated areas . 
  move the european parliament to budapest rather than keeping it in brussels . 
  this will also help eastern eu states feel closer to the eu politicians . 
  offer more infrastructural investment : the entirety of the eu should be connected by high-speed rail , with trains leaving every hour from paris to sofia ( a bit exaggerated , but you get the point ) . 
  every member state should have excellent roads , excellent public transport , attractive public areas , etc. 
  invite * european * immigrants to move to depopulated areas without significant restrictions : ukrainians , russians , belorussians , moldovans . 
  we could also do more to attract people from japan , usa , canada , australia , new zealand and other well-developed regions . 
  right now it takes the same amount of effort to move to germany as it does to bulgaria , so most people do n't bother moving there . 
  we 'll send them all to trappist-1 . 
  their parents ' taxes paid for their education already . 
  why should they pay extra now ? 
  obviously they 'd have to cut away the money from the budget to allow those wages , as money does n't grow on trees . 
  but it will pay back eventually after poland 's academic results improve . 
  sadly , it 's relatively easy for the government to spend a few hundred million euros to pay for a new campus , but hard to give a grant of the same size to support decent salaries . 
  well , obviously they can be a bit lower since living expenses are lower in poland . 
  but they absolutely have to be high enough that moving to germany does n't improve one 's income . 
  politicians do n't seem to understand this . 
  until university salaries are as high as they are in the west there will be brain drain , especially among top talent . 
  spending money on laboratories and better equipment alone wo n't cut it . 
  the v4 governments need to bite the bullet and start paying decent salaries ( by western standards ) to their phd 's , post-grads and professors . 
  obviously the above only applies to stem disciplines . 
  butthurt much ? 
   in 2006 romenians had higher rates for murders , rapes , vehicle thefts and robberies than other migrants . 
  i do agree that the 2007 eu expansion was a mistake ... 
  what is your solution then ? 
  let those pieces of shit destroy the european civilization ? 
  wait until the angry mob decides to take justice into their hands ? 
   so you deport in morocco people that probably never lived there . 
  only criminals . 
   and you think morocco would just let you do that ? 
  for a bribe ( `` investment '' ) , yes , probably . 
   what do you do if morocco changed its nationality law in response ? 
  see above - bribe them or threaten to boycott them at eu level . 
  one stroke of a pen and they 're not longer dutch citizens ... 
  only 15 % of dutch citizen have a non-western background , while 50 % of all prisoners are non-western immigrants ...  `` 65 % of all boys of moroccan origin aged between 12 and 23 years have been detained at some time ; the figure among all boys of antillean origin is 55 % '' why are n't all moroccan 's deported then ? 
  literally more than half of them are criminals . 
  the protest is in the form of voting for pvv . 
  something tells me rotterdam is n't exactly the safest dutch ( is it even dutch at this point ? ), 
  city ... 
   that person had to go to constitutional court to have the right . 
  kind of sucks for them but they do have that right now , which was the goal . 
  i 'd say it counts . 
   so i do n't get why it 's not marriage when it 's so close then to appease the idiots . 
  you tell them there 's no `` gay marriage '' in czechia while in reality it exists under a different name . 
  austerity is also a good opportunity to remove useless regulations and open up the economy for business , not just for slashing social security benefits . 
  it 's 100 % full marriage except for joint adoption . 
  literally no other difference except for the name . 
  there is gay marriage in czech republic , but it 's called `` registered partnership '' . 
  it is literally the same in all aspects ( adoption has been legalized in 2016 ) . 
  i 'm afraid eventually the chinese will just copy all of germany 's innovations and stop buying their products . 
  it 's already happening under our own nose when the chinese `` invest '' in european companies , while in reality their only goal is to export the technology asap back home and shut down the european competitor . 
   building houses possibly , but german people will only benefit from those houses when the refugees are deported , and who knows when ( if ever ) that 's going to happen . 
  until then they 're mostly used by non-germans . 
  and even when the refugees are deported it remains to be seen if former refugee centers can be repurposed for ordinary citizens . 
   training more police well , if the refugees were n't there , there would n't be a need for more police . 
  same as digging holes . 
  the local crime rate is a lot lower than it is for mena immigrants , so obviously the need for more police is a self-perpetuating problem . 
   if you raised hartz 4 most money would be spend on consumption fully agreed !, 
  it would 've been much wiser to spend the money on locals rather than refugees . 
  however that 's besides the point . 
  well , give me a link to a direct answer then . 
  i fail to see it . 
  a day later , still no direct answer ... 
  make austria-hungary great again !, 
  wasting resources on foreigners benefits germany just as well as breaking windows in every german house and then building the infrastructure to replace them . 
  where ? 
  i can not see a direct answer . 
  the thread failed to answer why supporting refugees is better for the economy than digging holes and filling them back up . 
  then they 're fucked . 
  what the mongols failed to achieve in the 14th century will be completed by the refugees ... 
  money is n't magical , for example nobody can replace the gas and oil spent on the refugees as we have a limited quantity of them . 
  op is using the good old broken windows fallacy . 
  ah , yes , the good old broken windows theory ...
