  even folks like farage do n't want it abolished . 
  alza . 
  you 're allowed to say it on the internet . 
  what percentage of a product do you need to make in-country in order to qualify for a `` made in germany '' tag , according to you ? 
  you do realize few if any products are fully made within a single country these days ? 
  but you can not get those sweet sweet eu subsidies for a currently existing solution . 
  hence they invent bullshit technologies like hydrogen trains and solar-powered roads . 
  then once it 's clear the technology is shit they switch to a different bullshit technology to suck out more subsidies for their projects . 
  probably not . 
  too many russian people support the ruling party so it will be easy to suppress if needed . 
  the european-oriented politicians in russia are fighting an uphill battle . 
  lol , our banks help them out ? 
  pray tell , did our banks also help the ussr stay in power for 70 years ? 
  back then their elite did n't have huge sums stored abroad and they still managed to rule the russian people . 
  if anything , having banks forces them to act softer as they know that pushing too far can get you sanctioned . 
  keeping the money within russia would only make the plight of the russian people worse , not better . 
  by the way there 's a large protest tomorrow in every major russian city ? 
  are you going there ? 
  or is your protest only strong on the internet ? 
  my compatriots ( czech republic ) do n't really give a damn about russian corruption . 
  so please preach to our brothers in brussels . 
  hold on . 
  once russia is a true democracy they will be able to sue the former corrupt members of their elite in our courts and recover all of their funds , as per existing international treaties . 
  the eu will also add them to the list of prospective members and help them out financially . 
  until that days comes though ... not our problem . 
   try that defense in court , there is no `` world court '' though . 
  nobody can `` jail '' the eu . 
   what russians like or do n't is none of your business . 
  no problem . 
  but then it 's none of the russians ' business if we 're sheltering their corrupt money . 
  after all , their oligarchs give it to us willingly . 
   your constant complaining about corruption is though . 
  i agree we should stop complaining . 
  let them do whatever they want . 
   people like you deserve the worst . 
  nope , people like russians deserve the worst because they tolerate shitty and corrupt politicians . 
  each nation gets what it deserves . 
  do n't try to turn the logic around , bro . 
  it is different if the scale is different , yes . 
  the only way to take down the eu as a military union is to use nukes ... but that would lead to nuclear winter ... 
  however even the crazies back in the ussr did n't risk wwiii , so i 'd say we 're pretty darn safe . 
  although now that the uk is leaving we might want to expand our nuclear stockpiles . 
  we do have an agreement with the usa and the accounts of rich europeans there are easy to find . 
  likewise the us constantly catches their own citizens in our banks . 
  americans are our core allies so we should help them battle tax evasion . 
   you are stealing the poor guys money in africa or russia . 
  you have a moral obligation to stop it . 
  nope , it 's the obligation of the citizens of those countries to depose their rulers and install a democratic regime . 
  we 're not world police . 
  lol , as if russians would n't find where to shelter their ill proceeds if the eu did n't help them out . 
  they 'd just put their cash in uae , china , brazil , switzerland , etc. 
  if the russian people do n't like it they should get rid of their current government . 
  it 's not the eu 's responsibility to do it for them . 
  nope . 
  the difference is that * now * we care about each other as the * european union * , which is a bigger alliance than a single country . 
  we also care ( to a lesser extent ) about our core partners : usa , canada , japan , south korea , australia , etc. 
  other countries though ? 
  let them store their corrupt riches in our banks !, 
  caring about other countries is already a huge step forward . 
  100 years ago every single country only cared about themselves . 
  maybe in 100 more years we can start thinking about the whole world , but for now it 's too early . 
  lol , as an american you should know some countries can not be helped no matter how hard you try . 
  might as well make some profit if you can . 
  but is n't this beneficial for us europeans ? 
  they keep their money here , they educate their children here , they buy property here , they invest here ... russia keeps being a shithole and europe prospers from their oil money . 
  plus it 's harder for their elite to attempt to seriously damage the eu as all of their funds are here . 
  same goes for other poor countries - we benefit from their corruption and increase our influence abroad . 
  let 's keep it that way . 
  good . 
  czech wines are shit . 
  here i am , drinking water from the tap like a peasant ... 
  that sounds like marketing bullshit , to be honest . 
   for example i think borsec beats perrier in every aspect what `` aspects '' does water have , if i may ask ? . . 
  yep , english . 
  fuck having more than one language in the eu . 
  brits own part of the island , 
  often politicians are pushing shitty decisions down the population 's throat . 
  my own country was split up because the people on top could n't decide how to split the power structure in czechoslovakia . 
  so yeah , why not do a vote ? 
  from the polls i 've seen around 50 % want the language gone . 
  change it , throw out the `` irish '' part . 
  how about a referendum on joining the eea ? 
  they 'll be able to `` leave the eu '' but will still be a part of the single market . 
  well , did the irish have the option to decide that ? 
  has there been a referendum ? 
  the issue is important to czechs as well since we 're both inside the european union . 
  i do n't give a shit about minority languages in china , for example . 
  constitutions have been known to change before . 
  no-no , they might as well speak chinese if they want . 
  but it should provide zero support for languages other than english . 
  the government should make sure those people learn english and slowly phase out irish . 
  historical wrongs are irrelevant - we do n't need to `` fix '' anything . 
  i 've been to dublin and never once did i feel the need to speak irish anywhere . 
  maybe it 's different in some small villages but then i would just avoid moving there in the first place . 
  just like how the uk has some weird welsh enclaves . 
  i speak czech because * for now * it is extremely important for living in the country . 
  if * everything * was signed in german as well as czech and * everyone * spoke german here , it would certainly be great to drop one unnecessary language . 
  if i moved to ireland i would n't raise my finger in trying to learn irish , as it 's 100 % unnecessary there . 
  yes you can , since the human brain is not infinite and our capabilities for transferring knowledge to our children are also quite limited . 
  obviously you ca n't record the story of every single human , but you can get 99.9 % of a language on electronic medium .
