  just another step towards being in a single state with the entire eu ... 
  spain will ignore it as usual . 
  screw the catalan independence . 
  the more i learn about british society , the more i wonder how they 've managed to survive within the eu for so long ... 
  screw their culture . 
  those are european territories and only europeans should get to decide their fate , not a few thousands of local residents . 
  not our problem . 
  put a huge wall around them and let their arab brothers deal with them . 
  how about recognizing israel in it 's full borders and telling palestine to go screw itself ? 
  a man can dream ... 
  it 's about the population , not about the area . 
  same applies to greenland - huge territory , but small enough population to completely ignore their calls for independence . 
  sadly european politicians think otherwise ... 
  on germany mcdonalds is often the only restaurant that is open after 10pm . 
  they 're crowded by locals during the evening hours as there 's not much else to visit at that time . 
  what a bunch of idiots . 
  here in czech republic you can get a license to carry an ak-47 in public ( as long as you keep it hidden ) and in the uk even the police wo n't wear guns . 
  although our society is a lot more calm thanks to the lack of a certain group of immigrants . 
  does n't matter . 
  get a finnish sim and you can pay 7.7 eur + vat per gb in every single eu/eea country . 
  your local operators can go fuck themselves . 
  correct , but the overcharge is only 7.7 eur + vat per gb . 
  that 's an excellent deal for many countries . 
   costs of mobile net are still high in several countries with free roaming this is no longer true . 
  get a foreign sim and you 'll pay at most 7.7 eur/gb + vat . 
  yep , personally i would ban chinese companies and individuals from investing a single cent into our countries until we can do the same in china . 
  but is it proven that we are actually capable of doing that ? 
  yeah , it 's proven that climate change is happening . 
  it 's also proven that humans probably caused the current increase in temperatures . 
  but is it proven that we can actually reverse the trend ? 
  the ones in germany are economic immigrants . 
   fucked up immigration policies you mean germany ? 
  you can believe in climate change without agreeing that it 's caused by humans or that it can be reversed by our actions . 
   i loved the mess , it felt real . 
  what is this , india ? 
  we need an eu-wide agreement on military intervention in case someone tries to seize power by undemocratic means . 
  how is propaganda against refugees a violation of rule of law ? 
  am i the only one who fails to see the connection ? 
  the pieces of shit in our governments decided they 'd rather split up the country than attempt to work with their slovak colleagues . 
  unfortunately the people did n't go out on the streets to stop them and demand a referendum . 
  i wish the eu finally started increasing it 's nuclear arsenal . 
  if we want to be truly independent from the us and the uk , we need to have a nuclear stockpile comparable to that of russia and the us , so that our semi-enemies ( russia and china ) could never stand a chance at attacking us . 
  does n't matter . 
  an immigrant is an immigrant . 
  of course they can . 
  this law is impossible to enforce . 
   generally speaking , economic prosperity is the most secure way to increase birthrates it 's actually the very opposite ... 
  those with double citizenship go to country of second citizenship . 
  others will go to whatever country is willing to accept them or whoever we pay/bribe/coerce into accepting them . 
  it will take a lot of work and a lot of money . 
  my views are quite common in czech republic . 
  the people are extremely vigilant about the immigration situation since we know very well what happens if you let someone in without explicit permission . 
  our only problem is that western powers keep telling us how we 're so racist and xenophobic , all while forgetting our numerous minorities which have successfully assimilated . 
   basic income for everyone ( my fav , but works with social security too ) who plays by the rules it 's already happening , at least here in czechia . 
  most of the roma people are on unemployment benefits or have a `` disability '' which gets them extra pay . 
  if you take away that money they 'll simply ramp up the crime . 
   but they can be taken into custody no sane man will take these kids into custody unless they 're literally newborns . 
  source : local situation in czech republic . 
   and be really strict in the few categories that are actual problems . 
  there are problems in every single category . 
  if we start being strict about it like it happened in the soviet times you will be accused of racism and fascism . 
  peaceful deportation is the only way to go . 
  once these people are gone europe will breathe free at last . 
  alright , what 's your solution then smart guy ? 
  because i have been a victim of ethnic robberies in my own neighborhood and i 'm sick of hearing how all we need is more welfare or a better education . 
  it simply does n't work with these people . 
  the solution is to make a deal with their original homeland ( india ) , pay them a hefty relocation bonus , and send them back to a country where their practices are not that out of hand . 
  i 'd be personally willing to donate 10 thousand euros to such a cause if the eu ever grows enough balls to tackle the problem . 
  it 's not that i 'm generous - i just estimate the potential damage to my community from these people to be worth the effort . 
  rights are fluid . 
  they can be acquired or lost if necessary . 
  i personally think it was a mistake , but yes . 
  the only real solution is to start deporting those who have failed to integrate into british society despite many decades of living there . 
  you need proof ? 
  check out the history of terrorism in czech republic where people are extremely aggressive towards those who do n't integrate . 
  why is it worse to target teens and kids ? 
  adults do n't deserve to live just as much ? . . 
  the soviets did n't build apartment blocks similar to what you see in early 20th century city centers ( barcelona , manhattan ) . 
  those are the optimal way of building out . 
  actually 4-5 story apartment blocks can be just as dense , if built a small distance from each other . 
   we also prefer to be independant from other 's country uranium . 
  what about the lithium you need to build energy storage units ? 
  the heavy metals you need to build wind and water turbines ? 
  is switzerland really able to extract everything from it 's own deposits ? 
  wait until all of europe switches to renewables ... 
  france is laughing all the way to the bank at these idiots . 
  when they finally realize coal is worse and renewables can not satisfy demand reliably , they 're going to have to buy electricity from the french and other countries that are sane . 
  and the best part is - if a nuclear powerplant does blow up ( the odds of which are 1 to million ) , these paranoid nutjobs are still going to be hurt by the windfall . 
  i 'm personally supporting the pirate party in this election . 
  i wish i could share your level of confidence in the sanity of czech voters ... 
  i rest my case ... :(, 
  who the hell goes to ireland for the beaches ? 
   we have people for that , this was done in nature . 
  you do n't have people to clean up popular hiking routes ? 
  i 'm not saying these activities should be banned , i 'm saying that their work is a drop in the bucket and only helps the government when it fails it 's cleaning responsibilities ( `` let the people do it in spring !, 
  oh , i 'm sure . 
  it probably originated back in the feudal times as a way of organizing the masses . 
  but it has no place in a democratic , capitalist society . 
  i 'm the kinda guy who wants his government to work well , rather than organizing `` cleanup events '' . 
   this year ( in april ) 150.000 kg garbage was cleaned up from nature here in danmark .
