  not enough . 
  they should rot in prison for their mistakes . 
  would scotland agree to hold another referendum ( on going back into the uk ) post-independence though , if britain 's economy sufficiently improves ? 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  scotland missed out their chance and should be force to wait for at least 10 more years before voting again . 
  fuck those attempts of revoting until you get your result . 
  aaand that 's why 50-50 referendums should not be allowed . 
  require at least a 60-40 outcome to make a major decision and force everyone involved to commit to voting only once per 10 years . 
  send the parents to jail for murder , take away their remaining kids ( if they have any ) and call it a day . 
  let the idiots pay for their decisions . 
  the baltics should unify into a single glorious state . 
  then perhaps even lithuania can into nordics . 
  i see what you did there . 
  well , what about all the unemployed young people in spain ? 
   mostly immigrants that live in big poverty those are n't the kind of immigrants who work ... 
  probably not in the uk , but it 's not bad in norway or switzerland . 
   over here , i inherit my grandma 's house with no cost whatsoever . 
  it 's a good big house , but if i sold it , i 'd be able to buy ... some tiny shit apartment in dublin . 
  could n't you work in dublin for a few years ( living in the cheapest accommodation ) and then spend that money on completely renovating your ancestral house ? 
  that 's a nice bonus on it 's own ... 
   a more expensive car , more expensive electronics , perhaps more expensive brands of clothes . 
  well , the biggest expense nowadays is real estate . 
  is n't it great if you can buy an apartment or a house in your country by working abroad for a few years ? 
   why are we all not emigrating in droves ? 
  that 's what 's surprising . 
  personally i earn 80-90 % of what i could get in germany , so i do n't move . 
  but if i were a fresh young graduate who could only work in mcdonalds , i 'd rather do it in the west . 
  an expensive car wo n't , but what about a nice house in lithuania and a yearly vacation in the tropics ? 
   if every good brain would be going away , your country would go to shit and certainly stop allowing you to leave . 
  well , it already happens in the baltics . 
  but there are still people who stay and slave off for shit salaries for some reason . 
  yeah , but what about all the unemployed young people in spain ? 
  what 's stopping them ? 
  is it only 400 euros though ? 
  first of all , a lot of the spanish are unemployed or underemployed - especially young people . 
  second , it can often be up to a 1000 euros more . 
  but i often see people complaining about low wages in our country , including young people . 
  why do n't they all move out ? 
  i 'd rather have money but live as a `` second class person '' . 
  i 've compared things to germany and the salary increase would n't be significant after taking living expenses into account . 
  i 'm now considering a move to norway or switzerland instead . 
  but i work in a stem field so things are different . 
  all i 'm trying to say is that there 's always a way out , it 's just quite a bit harder to get there ( see : kosovo war ) . 
  well , then i guess catalonia can take up arms and try to defeat madrid . 
  if they do , we 'll recognize them as an independent state . 
  that 's how these things work - you either ask nicely , get something through violence or shut the hell up . 
   also , because the pvv is a 1 man party , it is completely undemocratic what 's wrong with that though ? 
  the party does n't control it 's elected members - they are free to vote as they wish and can leave the party at any time . 
   so you do n't think lack of human rights is something bad ? 
  human rights are an important check on the power of the government . 
  but if the state is functioning like a clock they 're a lot less important . 
   killing political opponents ? 
  again , it 's good to have competition in the political sphere if the government tends to be corrupt . 
  but if china manages to keep things in check without competition then it 's not really needed . 
  they do listen to their people , but they can also enact unpopular reforms if they see them as beneficial . 
  it 's easy to do when nobody can dare go out on the street to protest and the newspapers wo n't dare criticize the decision . 
  here in the west you have to through 7 circles of hell to get something unpopular yet needed passed . 
  china is our sworn enemy , not our ally . 
  their goal is to take over the world , not be friends with anyone . 
  well that was decades ago . 
  their current leaders are extremely competent . 
  yeah but germany was a democracy before hitler came to power . 
  well it 's a developing country of 1.5 billion people . 
  obviously many would suffer in the process of china becoming rich . 
  but overall they 're doing better than pretty much any other authoritarian state out there - and a lot better than many developing democracies . 
  tianmen was 25 years ago . 
  tibet is doing fine economically - only the culture is vanishing and no one is being murdered for being a tibetan . 
  same with the uighurs - china is trying to assimilate them , not kill them . 
  expansionism is obviously a problem but not for the chinese themselves . 
  the median chinese man really does live well now thanks to their government . 
  well europeans screwed up big time with wwi and wwii as well . 
  only by a miracle was wwiii avoided . 
  we 're not perfect either despite the democracy . 
  nah , it 's just that polish people are racist , sexist , homophobic nazis !, 
  it 's funny how poland is considered anti-immigrant and anti-refugee in the west , but they completely ignore how you 're welcoming a million people from a neighboring war-torn country . 
  it 's almost as if ukrainians cause little to no trouble and are extremely easy to integrate ... 
  it 's easy to be popular when the press is 100 % under your control and you can completely silence/jail organizations that try to speak out against your government . 
  but of course i very much agree that the chinese government is fantastic . 
  italians are eu citizens . 
  they can speak italian all they want in every part of our glorious union . 
  turkey is not in the eu , so turkish people must integrate . 
  yeah , imagine the eu 's level of approval if they took an extremely hardline stance towards refugees . 
  eastern europe would glorify schulz right now as their eternal savior . 
  do n't forget the power of having a common enemy . 
   which would make it easier for china and others to do business , politics etc. . . 
  it would make it harder since a fully united eu would be a lot more powerful . 
  it 's easy for the chinese to do things right without having to hold elections and listen to their people . 
  obviously it 's easy to do wrong as well ( as seen in every other authoritarian state ) , but the chinese have mostly avoided that so far . 
  it 's just that the leftists fail to understand that one must develop society slowly , step by step . 
  tribalism -  nationalism -  regionalism ( what the eu is ) -  globalism . 
  you ca n't just skip over the regionalism phase and hop right into globalism . 
  if you do , you get trump and brexit . 
  the difference was 2 % . 
  the camp in calais alone was a huge deal . 
  i predict a 52 % for stay if the eu did a 180 on the refugee question . 
  because we 're 100 % allies , at least on the military part . 
   people do n't need to work for the german society , they are supposed to work for themselves . 
  i presume you 're not the biggest tax payer in germany , are n't you ? . . 
   you 're just as much of an outsider for me or anybody else who supplements other european budgets . 
  nope , wrong .
