  unlike the piigs we have a strong economy with a powerful manufacturing base , however our government is corrupt and the less control they have the better . 
  i think we will join the euro soon since our central bank destroyed the people 's trust in the koruna with their interventions . 
  most people would rather switch to the euro , which is a lot harder to devalue . 
  yeah , except greece is more expensive ( at least until you guys leave the euro ) and there 's nothing to do there during winter . 
  downvote op , his map is crap . 
  exactly . 
  nothing beats leaving shitty european winter for a few weeks to go to south east asia . 
  meanwhile during the summer you enjoy your own city instead of flying within your region . 
  man , it would be awesome if our corrupt bastards are sent to prison . 
  a man can dream ... 
  i 'd simply allow the uk to set a reasonable wage limit for eu workers ( e.g. 
  50 % above minimum wage ) . 
  same would apply for uk workers in the eu . 
  imo the best outcome for the uk . 
  no , fuck scotland . 
  they do n't get to revote until they win . 
  force the fuckers to wait until 2030 at least . 
  i 'm referring to the nigerians . 
  black guy pointing a finger to his head . 
  jpg, 
  yeah , italy ( nigerians ) , germany ( syrians ) , france and sweden are extremely worrying . 
  this is not normal . 
  the uk is lucky on the other hand as indians are some of the most hardworking people alive . 
  the government also pays for the obese , for the elderly , for the disabled , etc. 
  but i do n't see countries banning junk food or euthanizing their pensioners . 
  voluntary suffering should not be restricted . 
  you make a choice to drink and you live with the consequences . 
  if you die because of it - that 's your choice and your choice alone . 
  alcoholics are not expensive to treat . 
  you know who 's * really * expensive though ? 
  old people . 
  and guess who does n't live to old age usually ? 
  alcoholics . 
  hence the costs level out in the long term . 
  traffic accidents are a whole different beast and i do n't advocate for drink driving . 
  however we have pretty effective ways of combating that , namely frequent road checks and good public transport . 
  at the end of the day people should be free to harm themselves in any way they want , even if some people do n't like it . 
  that is true freedom . 
  it is an achievement . 
  totalitarian societies do n't have those things . 
  digging holes at beaches ? 
  czechs are better than swedes and finns ? 
  are we the supreme drinkers of europe ? 
  if i kill someone i am considered an adult and go to jail . 
  but if i try to buy some booze i am suddenly a child ? . . 
  where is this `` violence '' you speak of in czech republic ? 
  we have 1 euro beers in * bars * and very little violence from locals . 
  lol , i 'm saying this from a country where beers are 1 euro * at bars * . 
  oh , and you 're allowed to have guns , prostitution is legal and drugs are decriminalized . 
  how 's that , sweden ? 
  personally i value freedom over the tyranny of the state . 
  you guys also hate drugs and prostitution for some reason . 
   i find there to be two kind of alcohol-selling stores : you forgot about the best one : online shopping . 
  you can get any kind of booze you want without ever setting foot outside . 
  see [ my previous comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/61xg07/swedish_alcohol_monopoly_opposes_finlands_new/dfi9a0r/ ) . 
   and without help will drink themselves to huge problems that 's called freedom , no ? 
   i believe that total freedom is not in the best interest of some people same argument is always used in authoritarian regimes . 
  screw that . 
  watch out for the bastard , he might sneak in through calais !, 
   gambina man , i wonder what that tastes like !, 
   uhm , no ... you severely underestimate the costs of taking care of an old person . 
  here 's an analysis of the same question for smoking : http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/nejm199710093371506 here 's a similar analysis for suicides : http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/citedby/10.1080/07481180601187209 you rarely see government sources talking about that topic since saying `` alcoholics are good for the budget '' does n't sound very good . 
  you severely underestimate the costs of taking care of an old person . 
  here 's an analysis of the same question for smoking : http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/nejm199710093371506 here 's a similar analysis for suicides : http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/citedby/10.1080/07481180601187209 you rarely see government sources talking about that topic since saying `` alcoholics are good for the budget '' does n't sound very good . 
  even belarus is now ( partially ) . 
   alcohol causes damage up to 158 billion euros per year in the eu , it probably does cause harm in the czech republic as well . 
  alcoholics also save money by dying young , which means the state wo n't need to pay them pensions or take care of them in old age . 
  i 'd bet the net effect is therefore zero . 
   but when we do drink , it 's all in binge drinking . 
  but systembolaget does n't really stop it . 
  all it does is make it more expensive and creates a cash cow for the government . 
  you can still use tricks like importing alcohol from other eu countries or getting drunk on the cheapest vodka . 
   alcohol is alos the cause for many costly problems in the society , so really it 's a loss , not a profit . 
  how come czech republic can have 1 euro beers in bars and not have significant problems ? 
  are nordic people really so retarded they can not control their alcohol intake ? 
  get on a boat to greece and throw out your documents . 
  i hear they take in anyone these days . 
  tbilisi has been visa-free for you for 10 years now ... 
  the latest piece of news does n't change anything about that . 
  actually the price should be exactly the same in the entire eu . 
  stuff like milk costs approximately the same everywhere , so why should microsoft give potato discounts to eastern europeans ? 
   finland has an undesirable binge-drinking culture if only the government could stop telling people what to do and actually let them take rational decisions like adults should , even if it involves drinking yourself to death . 
  fuck the paternalistic state . 
  as if the 1 euro tax just disappears rather going into the government 's budget . 
  does the eu-canada trade deal abolish tariffs on cheese as well ? 
  see , that 's the problem . 
  rather than trying to study you will waste your time on tourist attractions . 
  erasmus be officially renamed to `` drunk semester away '' rather than pretending it 's academic . 
  `` record '' ? 
  what was the number , exactly ? 
  and what was the median number for a given day of the year ? 
  oh , and people do realize pregnancies do n't have to last for * exactly * 9 months ? 
  i strongly smell bullshit . 
  if it 's not available to stream legally in my country , it should be 100 % legal to pirate . 
  fuck geo restrictions . 
  only alza does delivery on the weekends . 
  we need to fix that . 
  companies should be able to run in exactly the same way across the entire eu . 
  abolish all laws that make this hard . 
  having a strong common market is literally the only thing that 's supported by all sides of the political spectrum .
