  that 's only 400 kilos per day . 
  assuming denmark has at least 5 thousand people working as city cleaners , that 's only 80 grams per official employee per day . 
  not impressive at all . 
  using slave labor for space travel should be stopped , yes . 
  we live in a capitalistic/democratic society where people pay taxes to hire professional organizations to clean up our cities 365 days per year . 
  doing some manual work once a year is a waste of time and encourages the government to spend less on cleanup . 
  those cleanup events were created in the soviet union as part of the effort to use the populace for free labor . 
  i hope it dies out everywhere , eventually . 
  what a waste of time . 
  cleanups should be done 365 days per year by government organizations , not a bunch of volunteers . 
  such movements give the government an excuse to ignore its responsibilities ( `` if you do n't like it , fix it yourself !, 
  if the eu asked czechia to send some troops to protect our mutual borders , we 'd love to . 
  but `` protect '' should mean we * prevent * people from entering , not `` rescuing '' them from the ocean . 
  all of them . 
  all we need is to bribe the libyans to prevent people from taking the boat . 
  it did work with gaddaffi ... 
  it is the job of the army to * protect * the border , not help people violate our laws . 
  they should be pointing guns at people who try to cross over illegally , rather than buoys . 
  once that happens the stream will be reduced to a few hundred per year , just like in australia . 
   whatever it means exactly . 
  it 's not clearly explain what they mean and they ca n't really explain since their data is based on questionnaires . 
  i still think the ranking for our country is bullshit and is probably based on data from the various shitty ngos like greenpeace or the green party . 
  the vw scandal is an example of a useless regulation . 
  the whole system of euro standards for cars is retarded , we should have stopped at around euro 3 rather than increasing the requirements to a meaningless level . 
   babi\u0161 's purchase of mafra led to these newspapers engaging at least in self-censorship so i can not publish information about it ? 
  what exactly should i write to get sent to jail ? 
  in russia people are regularly jailed for writing articles about putin and his cronies - that 's i what call a real restriction . 
  just because our journalists are shit does n't mean we do n't have freedom of speech . 
  that 's a false equivalency . 
   as for your views on freedom of speech in czech rep. , they 're laughably inaccurate . 
  ok , so what topics are forbidden to talk about in czech republic ? 
  what should i publish on my blog in order to get harassed by czech police ? 
  perhaps i can organize a demonstration about some `` forbidden topic '' ? 
  so who recognized these particular ngos as an hro ? 
  who 's the authority ? 
   recognized by whom ? 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  you 're the one who 's getting btfo 'd . 
  along with palestine . 
  it 's recognized as a `` human rights organization '' by european leftists , that 's sufficient / s, 
   is alex jones a recognized human rights organisation ? 
  recognized by whom ? 
  i believe he does have an ngo . 
  anyone can have an ngo . 
  if this was done to erdogan by european leaders / r/europe would be out celebrating on the streets . 
  but this is israel , so you 're heavily downvoted . 
  how do you know they 're not the equivalent of alex jones ? 
  are you well versed in israeli politics ? 
  the rankings are probably compiled by local ngos who then use the low ratings to obtain eu funding . 
  so it 's beneficial for them to stay as low as possible . 
  i think the rating is bullshit . 
  there are no restrictions on freedom - just because babis owns a couple of newspapers does n't mean someone else ca n't start his own . 
  no journalists are jailed , no topics are forbidden . 
  you can literally write that `` babis is a nazi '' and the government wo n't do anything about you . 
  so i call bullshit on those ratings . 
  czechia has absolute freedom of the speech , or at least freedom comparable to the nordics . 
  you claimed that it 's unacceptable in a democratic country , but you 've shown absolutely no proof except `` even russia does n't do it '' . 
  ok , show me which democratic laws ( e.g. 
  those of germany ) would netanyahu violate by refusing to meet with a foreign minister if they 've met with some ngos ? 
   `` well , it 's just the law there mate , it 's their country '' . 
  might wan na think about that , buddy . 
  nope , it 's not a law in * any * democratic country that the pm must meet with all foreign leaders and that he must not place conditions on such meetings . 
  show me where such practices are illegal and i 'll delete my comments . 
   he is trying to blackmail gabriel . 
  refusing a meeting is not blackmail . 
   of course he does , the goal of the choice is to prevent the ngo to talk to gabriel . 
  they are free to talk at a later time on skype or in a different country or with a different german official or during a different visit . 
  what 's so important about having that personal talk ? 
  why not hop on a phone if there 's actually an important matter to discuss ? 
   it is part of their work to talk to diplomats and he is trying to blackmail a diplomat to not talk to them . 
  it is part of his work to do politics . 
  it 's fully legal under any reasonable definition of democracy . 
   he is actively singling them out and trying to de facto sanction them by isolating them if they need the pm 's good attitude to function properly , they 're probably a shit ngo in the first place . 
  there is literally not a single law saying the pm must treat all ngos with respect . 
   no , he does n't , but he is de facto trying to prevent them from meeting someone . 
  nope , all he does is offer the ngo and the german minister a choice . 
  he does n't try to shut them down and does n't throw them in prison . 
  nor does he restrict their work in any way . 
  the pm is not obliged to support the ngos in any way and if his behavior happens to cause some problems for the ngos ... tough luck for them . 
   which is outrageous it 's not . 
   wrong , there would also be slight outrage if it was russia or turkey there wo n't be any outrage if putin merely refused to meet someone who met with an ngo . 
   having ngos that disagree with you and work against you is sort of part of democracy correct , but the government does n't have to agree with the ngos on everything , nor does it have to support them in any way . 
  in a democratic state an ngo can say `` fuck you '' to the pm and the pm can say `` fuck you '' to the ngo . 
  deal with it . 
  you are spinning this into a scandal , although there is no scandal . 
  the israeli pm has laid down the conditions under which he will meet the german foreign minister . 
  the minister now has a choice between meeting the ngos and meeting the pm . 
  he shall make one choice or another and life will go on . 
  the only reason for the outrage is because it 's israel that 's doing it and the ngos are ( presumably ) pro-palestinian . 
  and palestine is extremely popular with the european left , so they shit on israel during every chance they get . 
  otherwise nobody would 've given a damn . 
   yes , it is violating diplomatic protocols . 
  it is perfectly normal to meet with opposition . 
  it is also normal for the pm to refuse to meet a foreign delegation for one reason or the other . 
  some politicians choose not to meet putin when he arrives to their country . 
  you ca n't accuse israel in any outrageous behavior no matter how you spin it . 
   and have yearly statistics from czech prison guard service opened at my next tab . 
  why did n't you link to your own stats , btw ? 
  because the prison guard service does n't list the ethnicity of their prisoners . 
   also he is not saying he ca n't enter israel , but that he wo n't personally meet with him ok , so ?
