  we 're slowly moving towards having 3-4 dominant world languages and every other language will be subject to extinction ( pretty much how welsh or irish are dying out nowadays ) . 
  as for quebec , their attempt to save their culture is exactly why they 're retarded : it makes doing business harder for their residents ( as their main trading partners are all anglophone ) since it creates numerous additional transactional costs . 
  the local people would be better off learning spanish or chinese , as those are north america 's next biggest trading partners , rather than france or monaco . 
  quebec is one of the most retarded states in the whole of north america and she wants to * copy * them ? 
  just to support a language that will die out like most others in a few hundred years ? 
  i wish nationalism was about becoming more powerful in the global sense , not just about upholding useless local traditions ... 
  february is a shitty time to visit any part of europe ( too cold ) . 
  they 've been living in europe back in the times of the roman empire , which is close enough for me . 
   what do you think what will happen with those deported after said bloody invasion ? 
  they 'll have a shit life , just like the millions of locals currently do in those countries . 
   he made a crowd scream they want less marrocans ok , i might be wrong , but that 's still not on the same level as hitler . 
   you realise the vast vast majority if muslims people like geert wilders target are often 3rd or even 4th generation ? 
  the jews were in europe for 50 + generations , literally since before christianity even appeared . 
  it 's not a fair comparison . 
  likewise gypsies have been in europe for 1500 + years at the time when hitler came to power . 
  besides , most populists currently in power usually want to get rid of the latest waves of immigration and shut down family immigration routes from `` problematic '' countries . 
  few want to deport the 3rd and 4th generation immigrants . 
   they will quickly discover you cant `` send '' immigrants back if their native country doesnt accept them best case scenario they implement hardcore sanctions against those countries to force their hand . 
  worst case scenario they invade those countries for a small enough of time until the immigrants can be deported back home . 
  nobody would start building concentration camps , just like nobody burns people at the cross for being a witch these days . 
  hitler wanted to `` make germany great again '' by taking over a few regions that `` rightfully '' belong to germany . 
  the only leader in europe that 's proposing ( or , well , implementing ) that nowadays is putin and i would n't say russian aggression is a new thing . 
  he wanted to deport all jews from germany initially , however the issue was that they were pretty much native europeans and germany was their true homeland . 
  this is in strong contrast with european populists who merely want to return syrians to syria , afghans to afghanistan , moroccans to morocco , etc. 
   aaand they dropped their most popular issues in which finns voted for them ; immigration and refugee crisis i 'm not sure why you do n't believe a right-wing party would necessarily drop immigration once they 're in power . 
  it 's not like the `` refugees '' have a strong corporate lobby that prevents harsher laws from being passed . 
  other issues ( e.g. 
  leaving the eu ) are harder to implement though , i agree . 
  none of the modern populist parties propose anything close to what hitler did . 
  the pope is a lying piece of shit , just like all of the world 's religious leaders . 
  dude , czechs have elected zeman as their own president and the guy is 10x worse than trump . 
  you should 've started feeling depressed back in 2013 ... 
  europe would rather see itself completely screwed by china than adopt a single language . 
  too much butthurt , petty nationalism and too little common sense . 
  while china and us are dividing influence over foreign countries we 're still bickering over scotland trying to leave britain , britain trying to leave the eu , catalonia trying to leave spain and various other nationalist groups trying to screw the eu in every possible way . 
  i think it 's time for kids to learn chinese , as that 's where the future is . 
  sorry , i meant the holy roman empire , which later transformed into the austrian kingdom . 
  czech republic has n't been a fully separate entity since the 14th century when they were consumed by the austrian kingdom . 
  hence i do n't understand why slovakia is a new country while czech republic is not . 
  explain zeman 's victory in 2013 then . 
   yes slovakia is a new country , we are not . 
  czechia is also a new country ( last time they were independent was 700 years ago ) . 
  considering the fact that czechs have elected a permanently semi-drunk trump of their own ( zeman ) , you should n't be surprised . 
  well , when was slovakia named `` slovakia '' before 1992 ? 
  by your logic it 's also a `` strange word '' . 
  trump has been to czech republic ( czechoslovakia ) numerous times and two of his children speak czech thanks to their czech mother . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  the guy is extremely popular in the country . 
  but is razem a populist party or is it not ? 
  populist = appealing to the people , right ? 
  why is it `` socialist '' left but `` populist '' right ? 
  is n't the left populist as well ? 
  afd is the party of reason in the madness of the refugee/illegal immigrant crisis . 
  blame merkel and her `` refugees welcome '' friends for their rise . 
  france should be stripping these people of citizenship and sending them home . 
  sadly non of their politicians have the balls to do so , not even remotely . 
   average salary of czech woman is by 25 % lower than of a czech man . 
  but they are n't working in the same jobs though . 
  it 's like saying cashiers make less than coal miners ... well duh . 
  how about comparing apples to apples ? 
   i do n't even remember the last time bangladesh was not being run by a women . 
  and what are czechs supposed to do - create quotas for women in the government ? 
  there are n't any real barriers towards becoming the czech president or pm for women , it 's just that politics is less interesting for them here . 
  bangladesh , a muslim country where the majority of the population lives below poverty , is leading czech republic in the gender gap ?!, 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just laughable . 
  i assume it comes from a subjective bias where western countries are judged more harshly and/or have better/unfalsified statistics . 
  does anyone really believe these numbers ? 
  yet another hugely biased piece of statistics ... 
  less than 20 % of russia 's male population ends up joining the army thanks to a huge number of loopholes . 
  you 'll be fine , just make sure to read up the guide on avoiding conscription . 
   maybe in 20-30 years ai will come close to a point where that becomes an issue . 
  more like 100 + years . 
  true ai is nowhere in sight despite great achievements in localized applications of `` smart '' algorithms . 
  whether or not we can build an ai that wo n't destroy the whole planet is an open question . 
  whether or not we should * care * about potentially `` killing '' a full ai is not : it 's irrelevant . 
  my point is n't about a strong ai . 
  my point is that moral dilemma 's should in no way be applied to discussions of any kind of ai . 
  in the case of tesla we can simply remember that the trolley problem has a 1 in a million chance of happening and discard it . 
  in the case of strong ai we can simply say we do n't give a shit about `` robot rights '' and add a shut-off button . 
  obviously the risk of being destroyed by a powerful-enough ai is a million times more important than moral qualms about shutting off a computer . 
   however , there will be ethical implications in the long run with regard to strong ai this argument reminds of the retarded trolley problem applied to self-driving cars : `` b-but ... what if my tesla has to choose between killing a schoolbus full of children and killing myself ?! '' . 
  forget about it . 
  there 's no moral dilemma . 
  plug off the computer and be over with it . 
  arguing over retarded philosophical ideas is literally the worst way of approaching real-life problems . 
  the v4 countries agree to offer help , as long as the refugees stay outside of europe . 
   from dictators which grants no rights to the people while saudi arabia is in fact an absolute monarchy , you have to remember that : 1 ) their * citizens * have a higher median income than many european countries and get a lot of welfare . 
  do n't confuse the * citizens * with the temporary workers which would n't have had any voting rights even if it was a democracy . 
  2 ) they never had a democracy in the first place , so it 's not like their royal family overthrew a previously elected government and seized power . 
  they were always a monarchy so i 'm not sure if we can be imposing democracy on them . 
   if the western world was indeed serious about human rights and democracy they 're not and they never were . 
  at least by now we 're finally starting to embrace it rather than outright lying about our intentions . 
  the west does care a lot about the rights of their own citizens , but never cared much about non-allied countries . 
   you ca n't bring any alcohol from russia unless you stay there for over 20 hours shit , i guess i 'm not the first to think of the idea ... 
  i guess getting drunk in russia itself is the only easy option then . 
  do n't people living in the border area get a different kind of visa though ? 
  similar to how st. petersburg residents get a simplified schengen visa ? 
  information asymmetry is only important if the consumers care about said information . 
  but here 's the thing : they do n't . 
  they did n't give a shit before the cookie law , they did n't while it 's in effect , and they wo n't when it 's gone .
