  i 'm no bigot . 
  our private sector would very much benefit from the `` political '' things i 've mentioned . 
  it 's all intertwined . 
  blaming germany for our failures is the reason why the local crooks have stayed in power for so long . 
  stop believing them . 
  oh , so germany is controlling us ? 
  then answer this : - who 's preventing the construction of high-speed rail in the country ? 
  - who 's slowing down the expansion of the existing rail system ? 
  - who 's blocking the construction of much needed roads ? 
  ( e.g. 
  prague 's ring road ) - who 's fighting against crucial infrastructural projects ? 
  ( e.g. 
  railway from prague airport ) - who 's passing retarded laws that are bad for local entrepreneurs ? 
  ( eet ) - why is the local bureaucracy so complicated and has so many employees ? 
  i could go on and on . 
  is this all a part of `` german influence '' ? 
   well not taking part in further eu integration does n't necessarily mean leaving the eu or the single market . 
  those are two different issues . 
  if we had a referendum on czexit tomorrow the country would leave asap ... 
  the v4 would never agree to give up sovereignty , so the `` unification '' will be a joke . 
  no way would our crooked bastards risk getting sent to jail by a higher authority . 
   how long will it take for you to realize you are just a german colony ? 
  czech republic used to be a soviet colony . 
  the german influence is a joke in comparison . 
   our people are n't obliged to spend their free time educating themselves on the complicated affairs of international relations yeah , but for some reason they all consider themselves experts in international affairs ... 
  if they just kept their mouth shut before researching something it would n't be an issue . 
   screaming at them `` hey , you fucking stupid imbecile , why do n't you understand that the eu is so great ? '', 
  i 'm not screaming at them . 
  i 'm simply stating that the eu would n't be particularly hurt by their absence . 
  on the other hand czech republic would suffer immensely if they 've left the eu and lost all access to the single market . 
  and people complain that eastern european are racist towards certain groups ... 
  honestly , fuck the ungrateful eastern retards ( including my homeland , yes ) for complaining about `` losing sovereignty '' and `` nasty eu controlling our bananas '' . 
  if they 're so retarded as to not understand the benefits of being inside the eu , they deserve to rot in isolation . 
  it 's been their problem ever since wwii . 
  sergei brin 's family were supposed to go to israel , but then decided to ditch than plan and fly to the us since it had a better economy . 
  tfw god gives you the short stick despite being his chosen people . 
  if only europe had less political correctness and more balls ... 
  why were they allowed to stay after the end of their contracts though ? 
  i could never understand that . 
  note that obama said pretty much the same thing about trump . 
  that went swimmingly for him ... 
  student exchanges are shit , do n't do it . 
  the local professors speak shitty english and let students slack off a lot . 
  if you want a czech degree come study in czech republic full-time . 
  in our glorious capital . 
  i have some friends there so i feel ya . 
  it 's not too surprising for a small , overpopulated country that 's surrounded by enemies and where 20 % of the population is potentially hostile to the central government ... 
  good on ya , mate . 
  america is a lot better . 
   still with enough investment you could probably do so . 
  yes and no . 
  not every jew supports israel after immigrating . 
  of course , after all they 're a * jewish * state . 
  israel 's biggest problem right now is that talented israeli citizens are moving to countries that are more developed , mostly the us . 
  they 're certainly not scared of excessive immigration . 
  it 's common to use a fixed point in time for comparison , so that inflation does n't bias things . 
  yeah , let 's also blame the mongols for chinghiz khan or blame the italians for the roman empire . 
  the whole world was focused on grabbing as much territory as possible right until world war 2 . 
  if the british did n't take over half the globe , someone else would do it instead . 
  fuck this white guilt bullshit . 
  the uk owes nothing to nobody . 
  might be a good chance to regain constantinople ... 
   granted , in that case they would have to renew it periodically . 
  yeah , but then they 'd have to prove they 're useful to the local economy . 
  and they can not avail of welfare . 
   the language proficiency requirement for a permanent residence is a1 the test includes more difficult questions than that , in reality it 's around b1 . 
  still way too low if you ask me ( should be c1 ) , but at least it 's checked . 
  that 's for temporary residence ( which can be revoked easily ) . 
  permanent residence requires a language test : http://www.mvcr.cz/mvcren/article/czech-language-exam.aspx, 
  uploading webm to imgur gives you the gif as well . 
  yes , czech republic does ( for non-eu citizens ) . 
  although the rules used to be less strict in the past so a lot of non-integrating assholes managed to get in . 
  shit , the `` linux in javascript '' guy is very prolific ... 
   the reason for that is that often they speak very poor german , and so they stay in a turkish media bubble . 
  why are they allowed to stay in austria then ? 
  anything is better than the gif format ... 
  gifs are outdated ... you 're supposed to use webm ( and other video tag compatible formats ) now . 
  why are n't they arresting double citizens voting at the turkish embassies though ? 
   except most countries have the right of assembly in their constitution sure , but the constitution probably says nothing about the deportation of non-refugee foreigners . 
  so you can round up the foreign organizers and ban them from entering the eu for a few years . 
  you put a new line into the law : `` participating in a demonstration means you 're getting deported '' . 
  boom , problem solved . 
  not inside european borders , no . 
  sure and that moral extends to 500 million european citizens + all of our main partners ( us , canada , japan , etc ) . 
   just because for example north korea oppress its people they 're not our people though . 
  lol , go ahead and try to fly to turkey to protest in favor of merkel . 
  let 's see how fast your ass is deported back home . 
  if the us stops being a german ally it might actually be reasonable . 
  but so far they 're a 100 % ally , unlike turkey . 
  well , no , they would give up their passports because the german people told them to . 
  they either obey or go back home . 
  simple as that . 
  europe should stop being a doormat for foreigners and start acting to promote it 's interests . 
   deportation is a form of prosecution . 
  it kind of is , but at the end of the day foreigners do n't have any right to stay in our land . 
  obviously there are some rules for asylum seekers , but turkish politicians coming here to promote erdogan 's interests are certainly not refugees . 
   according to article 1 of the echr the echr does n't say anything about the residency rights of non-refugee foreigners . 
  anyone can be refused a visa and anyone can be deported for any reason . 
  staying in europe is a privilege , not a right . 
  also , we can always tell those who are deported to go sue us in echr if they so wish .
