tourists should carry id at all times . 
  the roma minority speaks fluent czech so they 're easy to identify without id . 
  i do n't see how it bends our civil rights . 
  police in europe is way too mild rather than too aggressive when it comes to criminals . 
  czech police often check documents of `` suspicious '' looking persons , which mostly means people who look like foreigners . 
  they can say they 're looking for illegal overstayers , that 's a valid enough reason . 
  also , `` racist '' ! = `` racial profiling '' . 
  it 's reasonable to assume that refugees do n't look caucasian . 
  i 'm what you might call a ` power user ' ( software dev with plenty of linux experience ) and i still hate libre/open office . 
  it 's extremely non-intuitive and frequently causes formatting issues when dealing with complex documents . 
  it 'd be great if they could work like office does - afaik patents only last for 20 years so they could at least copy office 97 's functionality . 
  in czech republic even citizens must carry id and the police can also do a bit of racial profiling - no use of detaining a caucasian guy who speaks fluent czech . 
  my choice of words is appropriate for people who abuse our laws and are a huge burden on the government 's budget . 
   however , i think we definitely should at least do something about the monopoly of microsoft in the office software unfortunately libreoffice and openoffice are horrible pieces of turd , they do n't even match the ui of word/excel 1997 , let alone newer versions . 
  we need a complete rewrite of one of the open source packages with a team of professional ui/ux designers working 24/7 to get an office package that 's actually usable . 
  uzbekistan does n't refuse deportees . 
  those kinds of places are always overrun by tourists and have horrible food for awful prices :(, 
  slowly shift the focus away from terrorist attacks : create propaganda shows about how terrorist coverage is what they need . 
  give out awards to news channels that ignore terrorist attacks . 
  stop hosting events commemorating the victims . 
  train the city services to clean up the attack remains asap and make it look like nothing happened . 
  lots of things can be done to prevent people from worrying about these `` attacks '' . 
  the issue is that taxis before uber were held by an organized crime group and were frequently involved in screwing up their clients . 
  i 'm all for making uber pay proper taxes for their employees , but there should n't be any requirements for driving a cab except for a driving license and a clean criminal record . 
  we should make sure europeans understand how statistics works - maybe then our citizens will stop buying lottery tickets and stop giving a shit about terrorism . 
  i agree that getting killed is worse than dying from disease , but there 's literally a 99.999999 % chance you wo n't ever be affected , so why care ? 
  we do mourn those , yes . 
  but only within our own families . 
  that 's what it should like with the terrorism victims as well . 
  fine . 
  but there can not be * any * other requirements . 
  you forgot about all the people with no documents and fake syrian passports . 
  as for afghanistan and nigeria citizens - they sure as hell are n't worthy of european asylum since they passed dozens of perfectly safe countries on their way here . 
  the non recognition by turkey is irrelevant . 
  it 's a safe country so refugees must stay there . 
  besides 80 + % of the boat people are not even syrians in the first place . 
  the non recognition by turkey is irrelevant . 
  it 's a safe country so refugees must stay there . 
  besides 80 + % of the boat people are not even syrians in the first place . 
  i fully support minimum wage laws and proper employment for taxi drivers , just like for any other worker . 
  but i do n't support any of the `` taxi regulations '' - these are absolutely useless for me as a consumer . 
  if you have a license you are able to drive a taxi . 
  end of story . 
  but governments usually shut down uber for breaking the shitty taxi regulations , not employment regulations . 
  yep . 
  a death is a death . 
  if someone caused the death he should be jailed but that 's it . 
  terrorism is so rare , it should be # 8764 on europe 's list of concerns . 
  but sometimes it feels like it longer at # 1 . 
  we should teach people to stop worrying about low probability events rather than fueling their phobias . 
  lol , why would i worry about terrorism in any other european city ? 
  there 's literally a 99.9999 % chance i wo n't ever become victim of a terrorist attack on our continent . 
  i 'm much more worried about slipping on ice and cracking my skull in winter , for example . 
  sure , let 's discuss these anomalies when at least 1000 people die at a single time ... 
  terrorism is literally not in the first 100 most common causes of deaths in europe . 
  more people drown in pools every year . 
  it 's not at all important . 
  actually most of the anti-terrorism work is done under the hood , with zero media coverage : infiltration of terror groups , screening of incoming shipments for explosives , filtering of terrorism money , etc. 
  the media does n't do jackshit when it comes to reducing terrorism . 
  what benefit does a consumer get from these `` regulations '' ( except for the tax ones , of course ) , when compared to uber 's service ? 
  anti-illegal-immigration is the right term . 
  but most people confuse `` refugees '' and `` illegal immigrants '' . 
  we got people dying of preventable causes every single day , in much larger number . 
  right here , right now . 
  not in africa . 
  parents and spouses only give a shit if you die from a terrorist attack ? 
  til ... 
  the website said spanish or catalan , you are right . 
  is it possible to pay by card in 100 % of danish taxis ? 
  and can you file a complaint online and reliably get a refund for scams ? 
  if not , why on earth is banning uber a good thing . 
  uber has plenty of competitors ( lyft is the biggest one ) . 
  they wo n't have a monopoly . 
  regular taxis should lobby to remove all regulations then , rather than pissing on uber . 
  why do we need any special taxi regulations ? 
  i 'm okay with demanding that uber hires their drivers as employees but why must their cars follow arcane regulations ? 
  how do i benefit as a consumer ? 
  traditional taxis evade tax as well ( good luck paying by card in italy ) and exploit their riders , especially tourists . 
  we need a middle ground , not a complete ban of uber . 
  corruption . 
  extreme corruption . 
  extremely sad to watch our italian brothers getting fucked in the ass by the taxi mafia and the politicians who take their bribes . 
  taxi jobs are gone in 20 years anyway because of self-driving cars . 
  yeah , i laughed really hard when i found out it takes a paper form to complain about a taxi driver in barcelona . 
  you literally need to download a pdf from a shitty website , fill it in spanish and mail it in . 
  fuck that shit . 
  there 's already a licensing system for it - it 's called a `` driving license '' . 
  we do n't need any other regulations . 
  it 's just getting from point a to point b. 
  if you can drive , then you can also drive a taxi . 
  it 's not just price . 
  taxis were a lot less convenient before uber in many cities - good luck getting a cab in 5 minutes at any time of day and paying by card with the official taxi companies . 
  how many reykjavik flats are airbnb 's ? 
  unless it 's at least 10 % of the market i do n't see how it could `` destroy '' anything . 
  the traditional taxi companies could never get a taxi at my doorstep in 5 minutes and allow seamless payments where i just leave the car without even taking my wallet out . 
  the price is n't even the biggest issue with the official taxi companies . 
  you do realize fraud rates of traditional taxis are higher by a couple of orders of magnitude ? 
  good luck paying by card and getting a fair price for a taxi ride in italy ... 
  how many airbnb 's are there in amsterdam ? 
  unless it 's literally thousands of flats it wo n't make a dent on the rental market .
