   people speak it , i speak it !, 
  albeit not fluently but i do . 
  it 's alive and well . 
  good . 
  now hold a referendum to decide if people want to support it as well . 
  if people say ` yes ' you might as well paint chinese on the signs . 
   the problem with that argument though , is the fact that most of the money is spend on teaching it to people who live in places where it 's widely spoken . 
  what if ... the government instead invested in teaching them a language that 's actually useful ? 
  spanish , portuguese , german , italian ? 
  you know , just like non-brits learn english at school . 
  except the odds of an irish speaker being present on a uk team are the same as the odds of a russian speaker being present on the same team . 
  if you want more of a conspiracy there are plenty of less-popular yet undead languages : polish , bulgarian , ukrainian , kazakh , mongol , etc. 
  irish has zero advantages . 
  it would be exactly the same if someone on the team knew chinese , russian , arabic , hindi , malay . 
  now show the same places without shitty oversaturation filters and lens effects . 
  if sweden invade poland again then poland can into nordic . 
  same reason why nationalistic retards all over the eu prevent us from forming a single country . 
  for some reason people think that having a `` country '' is important , even though in our dog-eat-dog world it 's a lot more important to be fully united . 
  well , no . 
  it had plenty of wars with france , for example . 
  nothing stops turkey from relinquishing its claim on cyprus . 
  where 's the all powerful cia and other intelligence services when you need them ? 
  ca n't we just drone the guy ? 
  let them stay irrelevant by dealing with the refugees without them , rather than pretending the problem does n't exist . 
  learning latvian is absolutely useless unless you plan to live there for the rest of your life . 
  i presume most would rather move away , eventually . 
  i 'm not saying all renewables are bad , just that solar energy does n't make a lot of sense for the netherlands . 
  and even renewables aside , the greens have plenty of crazy policies in their program that would wreak havoc if implemented . 
  greece sinking the boats would weaken the right wing parties since someone will finally start addressing the issue . 
  and renewables are not subsidized in the netherlands ? 
  how is it expensive if energy costs in france are lower than in the netherlands ? 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:electricity_prices_for_household_consumers,_second_half_2015_ ( % c2 % b9 ) _ ( eur_per_kwh ) _ yb16.png, 
  the french really are idiots then , with all their nuclear power stations ? 
  lol , tell that to france . 
  immigrants . 
  if vvd hanged a `` refugees not welcome ! '', 
  poster from their office window pvv would 've barely scrapped enough votes for a single seat . 
  it is in the netherlands . 
  different situation in spain . 
  oh , and do n't forget that the greens are against nuclear power - our best source of energy . 
  it will be disappointing if those nutheads manage to get into the government . 
  brace yourselves for more useless subsidies to stuff like transgender equality and solar power . 
  obligatory xkcd : https://xkcd.com/1138/ please downvote this shitty map . 
  shit , are you saying australia will now start taking in refugees ? 
  go on ... 
  how do they prevent people from voting twice ? 
  what a bunch of morons . 
  good to know you have alternatives . 
  over here in czech republic voters are stuck with a lot less choice . 
  did n't wilders promise to deport mena immigrants ? 
  that sounds like a plan . 
  otherwise i agree he 's an idiot . 
  well , is there anyone else who 's openly against mena immigration ? 
  that 's why it 's a shitty choice in the first place . 
  like i said i do n't particularly like them , but it 's important to take a grand stand against further mena immigration and against current shitty practices by many of the mena immigrants . 
  we can always reunite with our dutch brothers later on . 
  they 're the only party with a sane approach to immigration issues . 
  otherwise i do n't particularly like them . 
  why ? 
  personally i 'd vote for pvv if i lived there . 
  wait , you ca n't own a gun in poland ? 
  being able to own a guy is the foundation of free society . 
  fuck those who try to take that away . 
  some other stuff is missing here ( legalized drugs , fully legal prostitution , etc ) , but the gun laws are sacred . 
  good luck folks . 
  i 'd leave the schengen over this as well . 
  holy shit , the swiss are going to be pissed as hell . 
  but that 's not the eu . 
  the law only affects the eu members . 
  czechia is right there with you , brother . 
  we are planning to face down the eu on this no matter what . 
   here in switzerland we are already arranging for an initiative , . 
  wait , but switzerland is n't affected ? . . 
  for once our government and all of our mps are fully united on fighting this till the bitter end . 
  let 's watch the eu leftists try and dismantle our laws after we pass the gun-favorable constitutional amendment . 
   companies that want to avoid hiring muslims can use this to keep them away or it would give an excuse for oppressed muslim women to stop wearing the headscarf . 
  we should support them . 
   i think i remember you now being a racist cunt some other time . 
  you forgot sexist , homophobic and fascist . 
  so ... mature people must always support foreigners even if it 's against national interests ? 
  well in that case the entire country of czechia is full of immature 12 year olds , my friend , because that 's the mainstream view on turkey here . 
   turkey has the 2nd biggest army in nato , so deploying troops would mean there 's an all out war in europe . 
  exactly . 
  that would be a shitty situation and is the only reason why i 'm worried . 
  otherwise i do n't consider them strong allies to europe so who cares ? 
   big turkish population in europe can be deported if needed . 
   human rights meh , not our problem . 
  let 's just hope we wo n't have to take in the refugees ... 
  no , that 's why i hope it wo n't affect us too much . 
  last thing we need is deploying troops to istanbul in case their nuthead president decides he wants to attack us . 
   deserve what 's happening to them because they elected a terrorist organization to lead them . 
  well , they do ... 
  not our problem as europe . 
  all i care is that they 're not able to damage our well-being . 
  it would be different if we were talking about an eu member . 
  honestly , the turks deserve this . 
  they 're the ones who elected erdogan and they 're the ones who let him amass so much power . 
  i just hope europe is able to shut those clowns out of our society , so that they can not influence us with their barbaric bullshit . 
  sure , but i think it 's fair if sturgeon guarantees a referendum on returning to the uk 2-3 years after separating . 
  but i bet she wo n't and moreover she 'll do everything she can to squash that referendum if she ever becomes president of scotland .
