  man , why do we give so much attention to bullshit incidents like this ? 
  the less we care about it , the less often they will happen . 
  anything with less than 1000 victims is a statistical fluke in terms of the death rate . 
  dunno , here in czech republic the entire country is heavily anti-refugee but our politicians are not as prominent about it as orban . 
  are we all `` against darkies '' ? 
  most of the `` boat people '' are not from syria , 80 % if i remember correctly . 
  because czech republic is your core ally and friend ? 
  because we have helped each other out historically ? 
  because our people are related and have a long history of cooperation and coexistence ? 
  because none of the above applies to countries like syria ? 
  most people reaching european territory are not syrians and do n't come from a war torn country . 
  they 're simply economic immigrants . 
  the subreddit is heavily brigaded at the moment . 
  most people are generally anti-refugee here . 
  that convention includes a paragraph about the `` first country of safe passage '' . 
  it 's very hard for syrians to reach europe without crossing into a safe country first . 
  and it 's definitely impossible for them to reach hungary without passing through safe territory . 
  all non-european refugees should be treated as illegal immigrants . 
  i know , but i do n't understand where all the honest ` refugees not welcome ' politicians are . 
  what 's wrong with only caring about europeans ? 
  man , why do all the anti-refugee politicians have to be so corrupt in other spheres of politics ? 
  why ca n't have we have someone who fights illegal immigrants without fucking his people behind their backs ? 
  why do you have to get ` consent ' to end your own life ? 
  euthanasia should be legal with zero oversight by any politicians or moralists . 
  you want to die ? 
  no problem - it 's your life , your choice . 
  what if they just want to quit life , despite the fact that they 're perfectly healthy ? 
  i wish we started backing assad rather than staying neutral . 
  with eu and us help he could 've won the war years ago . 
  this would 've stopped the stream of refugees and prevented the rise of isis . 
  false flag operation , plain and simple . 
  assad gains literally nothing from using chemical weapons at this point . 
  yet trump was dumb enough to be mislead by it ( not surprising ) and now our own european leaders are eating the bait . 
  or we ignore the problems of foreigners and deport the bad ones back home . 
  let their own government deal with it , not us . 
  only the best and brightest should be allowed to set foot here . 
  because they 're * our * retards . 
  but are n't immigrants the largest part of the poor in germany ? 
  especially the million refugees from africa and middle east ? 
   i 've heard though that it 's still a bit tricky , since the queues for the ukrainian biometric passport are apparently huge they 're not . 
  source : ukrainian friends . 
   i guess by your logic we should all be happy to see czech go as well to accommodate english ? 
  that 's my dream actually . 
  go to the deepest village of czechia - and people speak english . 
  go to the tiniest coast town of spain - and people speak english . 
  tears stream down my eyes when i imagine such a beautiful europe , my friend . 
  irish is screwed . 
  get over it . 
  why are you sad ? 
  we 're now a step closer towards having a single language in the entire eu . 
  we could have two numbers - a universal one for the eu and a local one in the old format . 
  slowly people will switch over to eu numbers . 
  but these are immigrants . 
  if they 're retarded we should deport them asap . 
  i honestly do n't understand why such people are allowed to stay in europe ... let them do their primitive rituals back home , not in our homelands . 
  deport her , deport the husband , deport the entire family . 
  we do n't need people like that . 
  nothing wrong with having less kids . 
  we 'll all be replaced by robots soon anyway . 
  monuments should n't be lit up because doing so attracts unnecessary attention to terrorist attacks . 
  however they should certainly not be lit for a country that threats our very existence - fuck them . 
  once the russian people jail putin we can light up any monument they wish . 
  israel does n't have a metro system comparable to those in moscow and st. petersburg . 
  their country is a lot less dense . 
  if everyone is checked at the entrance there will be huge lines at the metal scanner and the terrorist can just blow his bomb there . 
   assad is close allies with russia and there 's no amount of reconciliation with the west that would turn him away from it . 
  assad has zero integrity . 
  offer him enough bribes and he 'll be calling putin a traitor on national tv . 
  and why would anyone want to ally with the regime that has consistently murdered a civilian population ? 
  to end the war and allow europe to send back all the refugees . 
  otherwise it 's not our problem - they 're not our core allies and they 're not our friends . 
   but give him guns and bombs ? 
  yep . 
  he 's better than the other goons currently struggling for power . 
  it will also avoid creating another shithole run by a thousand different groups . 
   a better ally to the west would be an independent kurdish state formed out of parts of iraq and syria . 
  that 's only a small part of syria . 
  what about the rest of the country ? 
  it 's too late for saddam but it would be nice to start helping out assad . 
  give him enough guns and bombs and he 'll kick out the russians . 
  he 's also the best man to restore peace quickly . 
  convince every single one of your friends or relatives to switch to a secure app ( e.g. 
  telegram ) . 
  also spread some love for pgp in emails . 
  fight the cunts who want to access our data . 
  because they do n't see it as a problem or because they 're too slow to act . 
  or because it 's convenient to blame the eu for their failures . 
   the eu court made it such that you ca n't create a burden only on foreign eu students , right ? 
  source ? 
  afaik you can set residency requirements which would exclude most foreign students from free education . 
  require that people ( citizens or not ) live in denmark for two years before being eligible . 
   this is the perfect example for why the eu is unpopular . 
  wrong . 
  denmark is free to set residency requirements for their welfare programs and the uk already does that , with zero complaints from the eu . 
  blame danish politicians , not brussels . 
   because everyone in the eu is obliged to treat all eu citizens like their own - not just you in denmark . 
  yes , but denmark could require than anyone ( danish citizen or eu citizen ) must have been a resident for a couple of years before being able to access their welfare benefits . 
  eu laws allow this . 
   and frankly , i 'm afraid a bit me too . 
  that 's why it would be perfect to do a surprise switch to euros asap .
