  palestine is a pseudo-entity that 's not a full un member . 
  palestine is n't a fully recognized country . 
  that 's the biggest difference . 
  thanks for the explanation mate . 
  makes sense . 
  the issue is that crime , as in street level crime is out of control in many western european countries . 
  in brussels of all places it 's recommended not to walk at night near the center as there are too many delinquents roaming around . 
  in paris there are neighborhoods where it 's dangerous to show up during the day . 
  and if you take a look at these problematic spot the issue is always with mena or african immigrants . 
  then throw in the rampant abuse of welfare by many immigrants or the constant tax evasion . 
  i believe the pvv is right in wanting to get rid of those who failed to adopt to european standards of behavior . 
  witch hunts were trying to accuse people of mythical crimes - wilders is accusing people of actual crimes . 
  the separation was done by the elites against the will of the people ( polls showed wide support for remaining a single country ) . 
  it was a horrible decision that made czechs/slovaks even less important on the global arena . 
  if and only if they 're violent criminals or leech off welfare . 
  how else can you fix that mess ? 
   i know i sound like trump here , but let morocco take them back and pay for the flight . 
  otherwise , never let them do business with the eu again . 
  fully agreed . 
  and everyone else ( including syria ) should be forced to do the same with their nationals . 
  correct . 
  looks like you 're right , my bad . 
  then i guess england would be happy to get rid of them . 
   because morocco wo n't take them back we should sanction them for it , possibly banning all travel by moroccan citizens until the issue is resolved . 
   but actually stripping people of their citizenship is probably not something that can happen as long as the netherlands is part of the eu . 
  the eu will have to tolerate it , they wo n't risk alienating france , netherlands and belgium ( all countries with huge issues over mena immigrants ) over such a minor issue . 
   and i do n't see the constitution changing . 
  for now . 
  given the current trends it can easily change in the future . 
   so no , i do n't think anyone will be banished if they are citizens . 
  a good start would be to deport anyone who 's not a citizen and does n't pay large amounts of taxes . 
  it 's not about british politics per se , i just happen to hate independence movements . 
  my wider dream is federal europe where individual countries have restricted powers . 
  actually , my wet dream is to have a strong fully united united kingdom with no `` devolved governments '' anywhere on their territories . 
  sadly their politicians last their balls after wwii , so it wo n't ever happen . 
  to the country from which their grandparents came from originally . 
  if necessary , bribe , sanction , threaten or outright invade said country in order to force them to allow these people to return . 
  play time is over . 
  it 's time to show the world europe can use it 's power to protect it 's core interests . 
   except this time it will actually be true . 
  well if putin can already claim it 's true , what would change if it 's * actually * true ? 
   certainly wo n't ruin the public perception of your cause i believe european countries have plenty of funds available to covert operations . 
  simple use that money to bribe the hell out of any russian that might go against putin . 
  then deny all accusations , just like putin does ( `` invading crimea ? 
  nah , those are tourists '' )  wo n't give your opponent an easy target for propaganda . 
  like i said , europe is already a target of propaganda with plenty of `` proof '' . 
  nothing would change . 
  a civil war ? 
  that 's just a stupid fantasy of right-wing groups . 
  trust me , law-abiding and well-educated moroccans would * love to * kick out their criminal brothers out of the country . 
   polls also showed that the uk would vote to remain they voted to leave within the margin of error of a regular poll . 
   and that hilary would win . 
  she did win the popular vote . 
  the polls were right . 
  ... which would give them a great opportunity to promote the unification of ireland . 
  then scotland would leave as they 'd claim they did n't sign up for leaving the eu . 
  the uk will be nothing more than england and a bunch of useless micro-territories if they actually do a hard brexit . 
  the netherlands can start with the absolute worst ethnicities in terms of crime ratios , such as moroccans and somalis . 
  i think that alone should be enough to significantly decrease crime and satisfy the local people . 
   how do you differentiate between hardworking moroccans and the ones you want to strip ? . 
  easy . 
  anyone who has committed a serious crime in the past 10 years gets deported . 
  anyone who has been living off welfare for the past 5 years gets deported . 
  the netherlands can start with double citizens as they 're a far easier case . 
   if a person of moroccan origin was born in netherlands , should he still be stripped of the citizenship ? 
  if his parents and grandparents are all of moroccan origin , then yes . 
  under * current laws * . 
  new laws can be adopted which would allow it to happen . 
  it 's not really their country . 
  they 're not war crimes , not by a long stretch . 
  step 1 : strip them of citizenship ... 
  elect pvv and give them the power to strip people of citizenship . 
   and the moroccans are citizens . 
  for now . 
  they can still be deported if there 's enough will from the local people . 
   freedom of press will be under pressure russia today might also have a halo of `` forbidden fruit '' which would attract more viewers . 
  you have a point there . 
   funding russian opposition will probably elicit a very strong response just feign ignorance like putin does . 
  `` hm ... russia 's strongest opposition leaders received a truckload full of euros ?!, 
  what a shame !, 
  it certainly was n't us though !, 
  they already blame the west for trying to finance the opposition , so let 's prove that they 're right !, 
  it would be a shame if putin 's critics suddenly got a few billion dollars in cash at their disposal ... or if a few of his trusted men suddenly started receiving huge bribes for going against their leader . 
  putin might have more nukes , but he certainly does n't have more cash than the eu . 
  so let 's funnel this cash to fund his demise . 
  they should start by shutting off russia today in european cable networks and deporting all of their employees . 
  if the eu started a russian language propaganda channel putin would shut it off in a few weeks . 
  next they should start funneling hundreds of millions of euros to the russian opposition . 
  if putin can finance our opposition , we might as well finance theirs . 
   but how are you going to decide who these people are ? 
  living off welfare for the past 5 years ? 
  deported . 
  committed a serious crime in the past ? 
  deported . 
  this alone should get rid of most delinquents out there . 
  you know all too well what kind of people i 'm talking about . 
  saying i 'm wrong due to a technicality wo n't make those assholes suddenly disappear from the streets of europe . 
  as many as it takes to change your name to a european one , become christian or atheist , completely abandon your ancestors ' culture in favor of dutch culture , dress and shave like a european , etc. 
  geert wilders wants to deport who still believe in islam and behave like assholes * despite * being here for so long . 
   there is zero reason to think french or any other european national language will disappear french is becoming less and less important with every passing year : the odds of some country suddenly adopting french are basically nill and i do n't think they 'll be able to conquer new colonies in the near future .
