  simple as that . 
  i 'd rather have the eu focus on truly important issues on the internet : net neutrality , protection of the right to encryption/anonymity , decrease of paper-based processes in favor of digital , etc. 
  is n't the visa cheaper in the long run though ? 
   that 's felony tax evasion . 
  even if you do it once per day it should pay off . 
  you can bring in 1l of hard liquor or 16l of beer : https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/individuals/travelling/entering-eu_en . 
  people living close to the border can simply walk across every day for a few years with their friends to slowly stockpile for the rest of the year, 
  why do n't the finns drive to russia instead ? 
  is n't it more effective to walk across the borders a few times , each time carrying a couple of hard liquor bottles ? 
  hats off to national governments for not supporting this retarded law . 
  the cookie law was nothing but a huge nuisance to 99 % of the europeans . 
  i 'm very much glad we 're finally back to having the free market decide what the users want to see online . 
  modern artillery should be enough to destroy the entire city . 
  st. petersburg will turn to ashes long before it happens . 
  honestly i do n't really care about the suicide bombers - they 're a tiny tiny portion of the damage done by uncontrolled immigration . 
  i only want the best of the best to be allowed to immigrate from any shithole out there , no matter the religion . 
  i do n't understand this fixation on islam itself which distracts from the real issue . 
  do you really think the people follow the book to the letter , no matter the religion ? 
  of course not , the book is just a piece of paper that can be twisted towards anything you want . 
  what 's really important is that a large percentage of the world 's population is indoctrinated with shitty values . 
  islam is simply the dominating religion in those shitholes , not the cause of it . 
  of course . 
  that 's the whole paradox !, 
  but since they 're so much more wealthy they also have a lot more things to spend their sweet sweet dollars on other than children . 
  and thanks to our amazing ( by pre-20th century standards ) pension system , you do n't even need kids to support you in old age . 
  what i described above is what you need to provide in order to allow people to enjoy their wealth/freedom in full ( without any of the sacrifices bullshit ) * and * have 2-3 children per family . 
  leave the refugee convention then . 
  czech republic . 
  if we do n't have a border we do n't have a country . 
  i 'm very much proud of how our own government dealt with the issue ( imprisoning all `` refugees '' for a long time until their asylum request is granted , almost zero financial support , extreme prejudice from the locals ) and wish other european countries followed up as well . 
  i personally prefer the so called australian solution : deploying the army to protect the sea border , towing back boats , deporting all `` refugees '' to a remote non-european camp until they can go back to their country . 
  best : russia/ukraine/belarus . 
  worst : uk/ireland 3 . 
  movie : kolya or lemonade joe . 
  book : the good soldier \u0160vejk . 
  let 's hope peaceful ways ( threatening to remove all funding , then introducing economic sanctions ) will help . 
  but if it does n't , i 'd like to see europe declare war on the fuckers . 
  sure , you can enjoy it a lot , but you 're not really free . 
  a guy who loves motorcycles can spend 10 hours per day tweaking them , but nobody would claim him an irresponsible motorist if he sells off his garage and starts doing kiting instead . 
  that 's the biggest conundrum of being a parent in our society . 
  if the government could somehow solve this issue ( e.g. 
  if every parent got a personal childcare robot sometime in the future ) , there would be a lot more incentive to procreate . 
  well , that 's what usa is doing to prevent china from claiming the south china sea - send in a few bombers through `` their '' territory and see if they have the guts to respond . 
  i 'm not exactly a military genius here . 
  just send their citizens in a military plane with a few bombers in escort . 
  they shoot the planes down or refuse them a landing spot amd a war begins between the eu and the state in question . 
  and i 'd love to see how algeria or morocco can last for more than a week against the combined forces of nato . 
  let them see we 're no longer a bunch of pussy states who bow to dictatorial shitholes . 
  eastern europeans can be expelled at any moment ... simply leave the eu and tell them to go , 99 % will comply . 
  things are quite different with people from the many shitholes around the world . 
  that 's why europeans are a far smaller issue in the long run - they 're only staying in the west for as long as permitted by the host country . 
  i could never understand why people spend their entire youth to get a good education and become free from their parents , only to shackle themselves down with a kid or two ... 
  it 's completely irrational . 
  only the society 's richest couples ( think the top 1 % ) can have a kid * and * enjoy complete freedom . 
  having a child is `` convenient '' if and only if : 1 ) you can afford a taxi to the doctor for checkups during pregnancy and then afford a private room during childbirth 2 ) you can afford to hire a 24/7 live-in nanny , plus a daily visit by a housemaid for cleanup 3 ) you can afford a private kindergarten and elementary school ( with none of the modern inclusive bullshit ) 4 ) your job is n't significantly affected by child birth or you have so much money your wife does n't ever need to work i 'd guess around 1 % of europeans have access to such perks . 
  until we have robots that can literally raise your child instead of you , western people will have little incentive to have any beyond the basic instincts . 
  you know all too well it 's not the ee immigrants who would 've been affected the most , 
  imagine if every single immigrant in the west had to go through a vote before being allowed citizenship or permanent residence . 
  only the best , brightest and most integrated fellows would then be allowed to stay !, 
  instead , look at what we have now ... 
   how would that happen though as a result of muslims being allowed not to attend it would happen as a result of religious people being forced to send their children to swimming classes or face jail time . 
  the kids will eventually realize their religion is a piece of garbage and amend their ways , preventing the transmission of shitty moral values to future generations . 
  because switzerland is our european brother , friend and business partner . 
  if their society turns to shit , we would feel it as well . 
  on privacy issues i would trust facebook a lot more than any sneaky government official . 
  well i very much hope they fail in destroying the foundation of our society ( sexual equality ) and either get the fuck out of switzerland or drop their religious bullshit . 
   but i rather let them access my sensitive data a company can sell your data to allow better targeted ads . 
  the government can throw you in jail for doing something they do n't like . 
  which is one is better ? 
   `` i 've got nothing to hide '' is sadly i thing i hear really often from people around me . 
  if you think the government would help you stay anonymous online you 're very much wrong . 
  they might help you stay anonymous in the eyes of private companies , but they will do whatever they can to have the intelligence agencies access your data . 
  if you need proof , just have a look at the proposals of european politicians towards restricting encryption after the recent wave of terrorist attacks . 
  the last person i 'd trust with protecting my data is the government . 
  all facebook can do is sell my preferences to some advertiser . 
  meanwhile the government can easily throw you to jail for doing something they do n't like . 
  fuck brussels . 
  let 's get their sneaky nose out of the internet , rather than trusting them with our safety . 
   ` the dark digital ages ' wtf are you talking about ? 
  what exactly is ` dark ' about the current digital products ? 
  go on your favorite search engine and google `` privacy on the internet '' if you really care about it . 
  if you do n't care about it then the government does n't need to protect you . 
  those same people do n't give a shit about privacy then . 
  why should the government get involved ? 
  let the free market sort it out . 
  yet another blow to the free market on the internet . 
  why not let the users decide for themselves if and how they protect their privacy ? 
   for accepting syrian refugees they have zero chance of getting a meaningful number of votes in poland . 
  any party that proposes refugee acceptance within the v4 is doomed to being a fringe candidate . 
  decriminalization is weak . 
  legalization is the real deal . 
  great and these citizens should get used to following the current laws ( or getting punished for failing to do so ) . 
  it 's already decriminalized . 
  what they need is full legalization . 
  and i 'd guess america losing its grip on legal weed within its own border would make it impossible for them to complain . 
  if they prevent their children from swimming throw the bastards in prison . 
  possibly not , depending on how much the prices will increase . 
  it would be a lot better if they just made a law forcing all businesses accept debit cards . 
  boom , no more money exchangers . 
  if it 's so important to them , let them leave .
