  however i agree that we should help fund refugee camps * outside europe * . 
   means shutting out progressive minds from these countries as well why is it europe 's obligation to take those in ? 
  who says we owe you anything ? 
   st denis / porte de paris it looks okay on street view though . 
   refugees are of course a different subject , no , they 're not . 
  they should be banned as well unless they can show they 're highly educated and can benefit our economy . 
  otherwise they should stick to the first country of safe passage ( which is never europe ) . 
  it would be easy to pick and choose if we deployed the army to our borders and instructed them to protect it at all costs ... 
   bullshit , the majority supports those backward views . 
  the kind of people who emigrate usually have less rosy views of the country and are more progressive . 
  however i agree that we should add extra filters to ban putin fans . 
  russians lose their identity extremely quickly and there are literally hundreds of thousands of highly educated immigrants from that country ( most famous example is sergei brin , founder of google - not to be confused with fake-syrian steve jobs ) . 
  most of them forget about their country by the second or third generation . 
  however i agree that we should have a strong filter banning anyone found to be in the slightest support of putin from immigrating . 
  western europe took in polish people willingly , through a referendum or direct parliamentary vote in each country when they were in the process of joining the eu . 
  huge difference . 
  does n't answer why geoblocking is still tolerated . 
  remove all blocks or gtfo from the eu market . 
  source ? 
  did hans rosling ever make a similar presentation about how little immigration to rich countries can help ? 
  i 'd love to see it !, 
   the number of extremely poor people is going down i agree that the guy 's presentation might be misleading , but i like that he used rosling 's visualization to tackle a very important issue that hans always avoided . 
  immigration is not a solution to anyone 's problems . 
   seeing as he 's quoting data from the world bank that significantly differs from the actual world bank data sure , but the scale is correct . 
  reducing the marbles by 2/3 is still a whole lot compared to a single one per year . 
  in the spirit of hans rosling , here 's a great visualization of immigration data in his style : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle, 
  ally = friend . 
  that 's how the world works . 
  any service you use will potentially reveal your data eventually . 
  everybody should use their own encryption keys rather than relying on the government to help them out . 
  fuck privacy regulations . 
  people should be free to use services that transmit their data to intelligence agencies , if they 're dumb enough to store sensitive data there . 
   nd you think we should have been tougher against families fleeing death and war ? 
  yes . 
  also , 80 + % are adult men , not `` families '' . 
   we in our privilege have seemingly forgotten that large swathes of europeans were in the not too distance past refugees too so ? 
  is syria going to help us out in the future ? 
  libya ? 
  give me a break . 
  kick out the weak countries from the eurozone rather than trying to help . 
  it 's impossible . 
  once you kick out the weak members you 'll get the good economies ( czechia , poland , sweden ) to join instead . 
  not if we have strong border defense ... 
  the us is our ally . 
  north africa was never our ally . 
  huge difference . 
  they do n't . 
  it 's a dog eat dog world . 
   there 's only sons of bitches . 
  sure , but we should stop giving a damn about the problems of other countries . 
  anyone who is beneficial to europe should be supported , regardless of whoever the hell he is . 
  gaddafi is good for europe , so we support him . 
  end of story . 
  yep , with gaddafi in power this would never have happened . 
  the eu should 've fought the libyan insurgence tooth and nail rather than assisting them . 
  same goes for syria - assad should 've received full support and plenty of weapons rather than getting bombed by nato . 
  well , the uk is about to leave the echr soon . 
  might as well use that freedom to deport whoever the heck they want . 
  stay strong , latvia . 
  do n't let western leftist brainwash you into accepting their immigration dogmas . 
  obama had a great personality but in my opinion he was a shit president in terms of international work . 
  the sanctions on russia were too light and removing sanctions from iran was a huge mistake . 
  no arms were supplied to ukraine during a time of crisis and his comments about brexit made quite a few people angry . 
  i 'm glad he 's now retired and can focus on domestic issues or just take classy pictures playing golf . 
  they 're less industrialized . 
  less money = more religion . 
  are you from morava ? 
  remember : the median iq being 100 means half of the population is below that ... 
  yep , deport anyone found conducting genital mutilation . 
  let them rot back in the shithole they came from . 
  eventually things will balance out there . 
  let the free market decide . 
  it 's exactly how wikipedia works . 
  as long as you keep the references , you can pretty much copy-paste a translation : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:translation, 
   try immigration !, 
  500 million people are free to move to poland without any restrictions - that 's the basic pillar of the eu . 
   my city has disproved the misconception that immigrants bring crime ; yeah , because your city is probably a cool place which attracts the best immigrants from all over the world . 
  poland is not a * cool * place by most definitions . 
   i do not support the idea of the collective guilt of nations and collective punishments . 
  yet at the same time we have people in europe saying we must accept middle eastern refugees because we 're responsible for the problems of their countries ... 
  i wish everyone were reasonable . 
  who are you going to punish for it though ? 
  i 'm not a big fan of t_d , but i 'd say this is a fine example of what they call `` salty liberals '' . 
  imagine their reaction if afd wins the german elections ... 
  that 's the whole concept of having two speeds ... small irrelevant countries stay independent while the big players slowly unite . 
  it 's not about racism : czechs have a large vietnamese community that is very much accepted into society . 
  the reason ? 
  they are hard working , speak fluent czech , most of them are atheist and fully integrated . 
  either way i fully agree : if taking in refugees is a condition for economic help , you can take your money and shove it up your ass . 
  but be careful !, 
  your own population might just tell you to fuck off as well , 
   if you do n't share common values accepting refugees is somehow one of the few questions that are extremely controversial in every single eu country . 
  it literally pushed britain to leave the eu , caused afd to soar in popularity , and made sure fn is a lot more popular in france . 
  but yeah , keep telling me how it 's a `` common value '' that needs to be respected . 
   it seems france just has a massive population of people living in it that hates the country if only the voters understood this and voted for parties that promise to solve the issue ... 
  honestly , terrorism is n't the biggest issue . 
  it 's the general lawlessness in the arab muslim community that 's causing the biggest issues . 
  several districts of paris are close to being a ` no-go ' zone because of the rampant street crime . 
  france made a huge mistake by allowing unskilled immigration back in the 50s and 60s , and now they 're paying for it , big time . 
  if so , we 're doomed ...
