  if would be nice to host if the olympic committee allowed multiple countries to host together , like it sometimes happens with the euro cup . 
  for example it would be realistic if poland , czech republic , slovakia , austria and hungary all hosted together . 
  it 's only a matter of time before the swedes become sane again . 
  the whole world is basically laughing at how soft they are with their illegal immigrants and welfare abusers . 
  if only we could have a sane , logical , centrist government that completely ignored the extremist 5 % from both sides of the spectrum ... 
  lol , the germans are gripped by retarded leftists and green party/greenpeace activists who push their illogical worldview onto them . 
  luckily france can troll them by building nuclear plants right next to their borders . 
  does anyone remember the probst fella ? 
  so what about foreigners ? 
  where do they fall in the class system if it 's not based on wealth ? 
  is n't this the same pretty much everywhere ? 
  it 's not like german millionaires routinely hang out with the middle class . 
   does it mean foreigners not requesting asylum and benefits allowed to do what they want in europe ? 
  foreigners on a tourist visa may wear a niqab , yes . 
  anyone who wants a permanent visa should wear european clothing though , except for diplomatic staff . 
   if she does n't normally wear one . 
  a woman wearing a hijab should not be a european politician ... 
  czech scale ... 
  i think czechs are quite justified in their dislike of foreigners who refuse to integrate , it 's not a blind nationalistic hate . 
  so , yeah , op 's argument about okamura is bullshit . 
  i 'd note that these statistics are horribly inaccurate since there is n't a clearly defined measure of poverty in european countries . 
  on a 1 to 10 scale , discrimination and hate against the roma is around 10 . 
  discrimination against the vietnamese is around 3 . 
  against muslims it 's around 7 . 
  so , no , okamura is not a hypocrite . 
  roma - yes ( they 're not east asians though ) . 
  vietnamese - usually no . 
  the dude was one of putin 's most important men . 
  he could be cezch for all i care and i 'd still be glad he 's gone . 
  it 's called putinphobia . 
  you 're distracting from the real issue with a bullshit question . 
  nah , fuck that guy . 
  let him burn in hell ( not that it exists , but still ) . 
  just because he 's dead does n't mean he deserves a tiny ounce of respect . 
  yeah , where 's the autopsy ? 
  did a court pronounce him to be legally dead ? 
  i refuse to believe it until you provide solid proof . 
  czechs have nothing against east asians , including most right wingers . 
  there 's no irony there . 
  if it 's harder to get your foot in the door with a stem degree , imagine how much harder it is with a liberal arts degree ... 
  what 's your point then ? 
   too many doctors ? 
  doctors do too much administrative work -  have less time for patients  too many teachers ? 
  teachers have to deal with tons of regulations -  less time to teach  too many bus drivers ? 
  sub-optimal bus routes could be a problem  too many soldiers ? 
  a professional army does n't need a lot of soldiers  too many policemen and gendarmes ? 
  possibly , if policemen are focused on speeding and parking fines rather than real crime . 
  same applies to all areas of governmental work . 
  where a private entity would long go bankrupt they just keep functioning year after year with no change . 
  the kick them out of the eurozone and the eu . 
  let them in once they again satisfy the admission criteria . 
  why are you unemployed then ? . . 
  i think specifically in czech republic automotive engineers is the most in demand . 
  and obviously it looks great now as well . 
  in any case all of those jobs are better than being an ` economist ' or ` international relation specialist ' . 
  you say it here but in reality they would spin this as `` loss of sovereignty '' ( which it would be , truth be spoken ) and this would never fly by the average voter ... 
  lol , then why am i seeing tons of companies here in czech republic trying to compete for engineers ? 
  same goes for germany - i literally do n't know a single talented guy there without a job , even fresh graduates . 
  maybe you just have a shitty degree and keep trying to convince yourself you have n't made the wrong choice ? 
  i might be willing to pay for greece if they agree to allow the eu to jail any of their politicians or businessmen if they 're found guilty of corruption in a neutral court . 
  but the chances of that are basically zero , since tens of thousands of top greeks would be sent to brussels in handcuffs . 
   this sub wants more european integration , i only want integration with well developed , non-corrupt countries . 
  if greece is unable to keep up , kick them out and proceed to work with those who can . 
  okay , simple question then : if there 's a shortage of stem jobs , why do engineers in pretty much every country earn eat least double the median salary ? 
  assuming there were way too many of them , would n't they slowly descend to shit salaries ? 
  the article is nice but it fails to account for the fact that many graduates are useless because they slacked off at the university and the majority of universities are shitty diploma mills . 
  yeah , a degree is not a guarantee . 
  the only real guarantee is being an excellent student at one of your region 's top universities and that 's what everyone should strive for . 
  here in czech republic the guys who work for skoda and other car companies make loads of money . 
  not sure about poland . 
   produce more stem graduates then there are jobs for . 
  well yeah , but a lot of those graduates are either from shit universities or have n't studied too well . 
  if there was really a shortage of stem jobs , engineers would have a shit salary . 
  instead of mint you should 've went for a stem degree . 
  you know how hard it is to get a good electrical engineer or automation engineer these days ? 
  those guys are cashing in like crazy . 
  why do you think futurama had suicide booths ? . . 
  it 's extremely difficult to adopt a healthy baby in europe . 
  the lines are insane . 
  adoption these days is mostly a concern for grown children and those with health issues . 
  30-40 % of their kids did n't make it to the age of 18 though ... 
  make birth control and abortion 100 % free and accessible in every corner of the country . 
  make all welfare work in the form of tax discounts rather than cash credits . 
   the only bad thing is that old people will suffer because they ca n't keep the same retirement benefits due to a smaller tax base . 
  meh , by the time the modern 20-30 year old will go for retirement pretty much all manual work will be done by robots , so there will be plenty of wealth to pass around . 
  sure , how about we allow all americans to come in without restrictions ? 
  i 've heard they dislike trump so this could be a prime time . 
  there 's also canada , japan , australia , new zealand , argentina and a few other fully developed countries . 
  i 'd love to have those guys help us replace our population !, 
  but you 're referring to `` refugees '' , are n't you ? 
  here 's what it looks like in real life , without bullshit oversaturation : https://imgur.com/a/ldedt, 
  little by little the truth will get out and then we 'll start seeing justice served . 
  until then , let them live in their rosy bubble . 
  i 'm not talking about greece . 
  i 'm talking about random countries like guinea that would love to get financial help in exchange for housing our illegal settlers . 
   n we cant kick them to their home place because they have 0 documents with them proving their nationality we can kick them out to a random country that would take them for a fee . 
  it already happened ... 
  it 's czechia now . 
  problem ? 
   might be correct but it 's completely irrational that it 's coming from them , not from other areas which benefit less from these funds .
