  i deny the right of the current residents of catalonia to unilaterally declare independence . 
  whether or not they 're a `` nation '' or not is irrelevant . 
  after all , any spaniard can move to catalonia without permission and then proceed to vote in the ( potential ) independence referendum . 
  so for now they 're just a regular province of spain . 
   just like scotland or the quebec are nations sure . 
  but they still need london 's and ottawa 's permission to become a separate country . 
  both countries voted to dissolve czechoslovakia and create two separate countries . 
  it was actually favored by the czech side . 
   did the rest of the uk vote on scottish independence or its right to hold such a vote ? 
  well , yes , indirectly . 
  the london government allowed the scots to hold a referendum . 
  they would n't have held it without permission . 
   did the rest of canada vote on quebec 's independence ? 
  well , yes , indirectly : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quebec_referendum,_1995#distinct_society_and_veto . 
  they were n't allowed to leave without permission from the other canadian provinces . 
  czechoslovakia 's separation was decided on a country-wide vote , actually . 
  which is exactly how i 'm proposing catalonia to gain independence . 
   so effectively the only way to gain independence from a larger state would be to take up arms ? 
  well , no . 
  you can also convince the bigger state to let you leave peacefully . 
   the greeks were still a different people despite 400 years of ottoman rule . 
  sure , and they 've had to use guns to gain back their freedom . 
   should there have been votes held when the british empire was breaking up so canadians could be told `` actually you 're british , people in manchester have decided '' ? 
  well , yes , of course . 
  but the canadians refused to listen to london and a war broke out . 
  the rest is history . 
   the only people who should decide if catalans are spanish , are the catalans . 
  nope , the catalan land belongs to all spanish people ( for now ) . 
  either they should start a war or ask the rest of the country for permission . 
  well if spain thinks the same , they will grant them the right to leave . 
  the opinion of the other 7 billion people on the planet is irrelevant . 
  if a major war breaks out ( such as the one in 1918 or the one in 1991 ) then all bets are off - any part of any country can become independent or join a different country . 
  however during peaceful times i 'd say 100 years is enough to dispose of any claims to independence , if we 're talking about a single contiguous state . 
  aaaaaaaaand he 's lost the election . 
  because as of now catalonia has no special powers and therefore spain as a whole should decide if they agree to let barcelona be independent . 
  once that power is granted , catalonia should be free to leave ( or not to leave ) . 
  they 've been a part of spain since the 15th century , i therefore think it 's silly to grant them any special rights within the country . 
  lol , cue immediate comparisons to hitler . 
  catalonia has been a part of spain for 500 + years . 
  are you seriously comparing the situation to temporary occupations 70 years ago ? 
  catalonia should demand a spanish-wide referendum on whether or not they should be allowed to leave . 
  and * then * they should decide if they want to leave in the first place . 
  the whole concept of catalonia being a special state is a joke , they do n't deserve any special rights . 
  unless you 're literally going on an exchange program to mit 's official subsidiary in croatia , you 're probably wasting your time . 
  all subsidiaries of us universities abroad are shit . 
  and you never see the likes of mit opening affiliates across the pond . 
  congrats on your sister being smart but i 'm sure her trip to croatia was n't necessary to achieve that result . 
  um ... actually it 's poland ( and the rest of v4 ) who cares about the prosperity and future of the * european * people . 
  it 's maniacs like merkel who wish to destroy our societies by importing * foreign * citizens . 
  helping out the refugees is only good for the refugees . 
  and last i checked ` refugees ' were n't a member country of the eu ... 
  it 's up to the voters to choose politicians with a pro-eu viewpoint , not up to the politicians to try and fight their voters . 
  it 's up to the rest of us to sanction ( and potentially expel ) countries such as luxembourg if they behave badly . 
  boots on the ground = announce a war = threaten to send a few bombers over their capital i 'm sure it will be enough to get them to take their own citizens back , as they 're obliged to anyway . 
  otherwise i agree that actually capturing those shitholes would be extremely counter-productive . 
  might as well put some boots on the ground if they disagree . 
  no politician would like to repeat the fate of gaddafi so a mere threat should suffice . 
  tfw you have to justify wasting thousands of dollars on a fancy ` exchange ' trip to a shitty university , by patting yourself on the back for being so mindful of small details that are different from your home country . 
  people simply associate romania with romas , hence the dislike . 
  hand over st. petersburg , russia !, 
  so you 're ready to exchange poland 's richest part for the least developed parts of * ukraine * ? 
  those works of art were taken during wwii , which was merely 70 years ago . 
  the swedish invasions happened 300 + years ago . 
  poland did the same with it 's neighbors . 
  the austrian empire did the same . 
  the spanish did the same ( see the history of american colonization ) . 
  it was a shitshow back then . 
  and now , 300 + years later , poland ( which is n't even a full descendant of the original polish-lithuanian commonwealth ) comes out and demands a few pieces of art to be returned ?!, 
  no way it 's happening . 
   have you got any sources that deny this claim ? 
  no and i do n't think it matters . 
  anything that 's happened over 100 years ago is now settled . 
  forget about it . 
  what ` slaves ' are you referring to ? 
  it 's not going to happen unless poland literally takes over stockholm . 
  and if * that * happens , we have bigger issues on hand than a few works of art . 
  sweden could then say the stolen artifacts are reparations for whatever contract was broken back in the 17th century . 
  you ca n't just have people settle their debts to you , without also settling your debts to them . 
  would poland agree to give back the lands it received from germany in 1945 ? 
  after it 's done , let 's talk about returning the stolen artifacts ... 
  i 'm referring to this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/former_eastern_territories_of_germany, 
  it 's only worth 2 billion if you can sell it to a private collection and allow it to be taken abroad . 
  otherwise it has no real value , except for museum fees and sentimental pride . 
  meh , numerous treasuries were robbed by pretty much every country when they 've managed to siege the opponent 's capital and major cities . 
  poland itself nearly fully robbed moscow 's treasury when they 've taken control of it during the early 17th century . 
  moscow in turn robbed poland when they 've taken over half of their territory . 
  that 's just how things worked back then and you ca n't demand `` reparations '' 300 + years later . 
  most of the stuff mentioned by / u/culmensis was `` stolen '' 300 + years ago . 
  if we start returning works of art , should we also go back to 18th century borders ? 
  just forget it ever happened and move on . 
  and yet here we are 100 years later , having never learned our lesson about admitting greece into currency unions ... 
   refugees do n't need to be punished , they have the right to stay . 
  let 's take away that right then . 
  let 's change the conventions and throw them all out . 
   so advocate that then instead of summary executions , like some tinpot dictatorship . 
  i 'm advocating a simple approach that is guaranteed to prevent 99 % of boats from even trying to breach our borders . 
   smuggling ships should simply be escorted to non-eu coasts what if the non-eu states do n't like it though ? 
  are we going to wage war on them ? 
  it is an option of course , but a quite a bit more extreme than mine . 
  or do we simply bribe their soldiers to allow this ?
