  if they hate erdogan they should give up their turkish passports asap and fully assimilate . 
  if it 's not happening i 'm sure they would n't mind a free trip back ` home ' . 
  i 'm not saying you should be prosecuted for your speech , but you can certainly be deported for saying something the local government does n't like . 
  the echr does n't protect foreign politicians from getting sent packing back home . 
  it does n't . 
  i still fail to understand why a random teenager barging at my door is more of a problem if i know that ~ 50 % of his dna is mine . 
  it 's still a random stranger . 
   they 're your biological children by definition yeah , but why does it matter ? 
  if a random 18-year-old bloke comes barging at my door my hand will be reaching for the rifle , not trying to analyze the patterns in his dna . 
  i agree with you . 
  i 'm just pointing out that romanians holding campaigns in italy is perfectly okay , as both are part of the eu . 
  turks are not , so they should gtfo . 
   i would like to think the italian or spanish government would allow romanians to do the same if they wanted . 
  that 's the eu though . 
  we have the freedom of movement . 
  other foreigners do n't have such rights here . 
  by the time our generation gets to retirement age things will be even worse because of the birth rates . 
  that 's why i laugh every time people tell me it 's important to have enough tax paid out to the retirement fund . 
  why on earth would foreign politicians be allowed to campaign in europe ?!, 
  this is n't a freedom of the speech issue . 
  foreigners should have no right to organize any kind of political demonstrations here in europe . 
  people seem to forget this . 
  coming into europe is a privilege that can be taken away with no justification at all . 
   well , art . 
  10 of the echr says `` every person '' not `` every european citicen '' , sure , but you are also free to deport any foreigner you do n't like , * for any reason * . 
  so you ca n't be prosecuted for making a bad statement , but you sure as hell can be put on the next plane back home . 
  but ... why ? 
  you cum into a cup and now those kids are suddenly ` yours ' ? 
  `` trying to rationalize in your head what separates them from the kids under your roof at home '' this implies that the main reason why you care for your kids is that you share some genetic information . 
  therefore one could n't really love adopted kids . 
  lol , thank god i live in a country where 90 % of the population is `` radicalized '' . 
   for sure , they kept their national identity and did n't integrate at all almost everywhere . 
  for example of course , they were ** europeans ** in the first place !, 
  same culture , same religion , similar language , etc. 
  there was n't much of an ` integration ' needed in the first place . 
  same applies to syrian people currently in turkey - they need a lot less integration in the first place . 
   can you imagine this happening now ? 
  it is happening , partially . 
  newspapers , shops , churches ( mosques ) are very much widespread in immigrant communities . 
  some try to organize a police service and unofficial courts . 
   hh , they did n't have to supply any documents as far as i can tell . 
  of course they did , if they had them . 
  but having a passport was n't as common back then . 
   and nobody was considered a fraudster . 
  they looked european and europe was engulfed in a war , so obviously they were locals b. 
  the uk did n't have a generous welfare system , so it 's not like they benefited too much from the british people - most hoped for the war to be over so that they can go back and rebuild their homeland  so unless you are arguing crime is n't bad it 's just relative crime that is bad i am a bit confused . 
  relative levels of crime are important obviously . 
  for peace of mind . 
  and if it does n't work out , you go to court for an official test . 
  so ... nothing ? 
  what stops people from collecting a dna sample and shipping it off to a foreign lab though ? 
   you would feel like shit trying to rationalize in your head what separates them from the kids under your roof at home are you implying that adopted children can not be loved by their parents ? 
   because you might have to talk to the children that were born with your genes . 
  does the law oblige you to talk to them ? 
  i imagine a simple ` fuck you ' would be sufficient , if necessary ... 
   and mma is not legal to practice in france . 
  wtf ? 
  are you serious ? 
  were those 10 % committing a disproportionate number of crimes and failing to integrate ? 
  did they fake their asylum claims ? 
  did they `` lose '' their documents so that they can not be sent back if discovered as fraudsters ? 
  it 's still in the range of hundreds of thousands per year + many governments allow for family reunification which adds many thousands more . 
  you 're fake news . 
  it 's .5 % today , but what about tomorrow ? 
  not a single mainstream politician has the balls to cut off the stream of illegals so the problem will get worse with each passing year . 
  millions of illegal immigrants are still here and thousands are pouring into our borders each day . 
  millions of criminal-prone legal immigrants are still here and they 're still causing trouble . 
  that 's the # 1 issue that allowed trump to get elected and brexit to come to get voted in . 
  sadly only the far right politicians agree to deal with it , so we 're stuck in a stalemate . 
  the ideal is to stop voting for `` parties '' and start voting for individuals , so that everyone bears personal responsibility for their decisions . 
  you already know the answer ... 
  the girl is an idiot who tried to conduct work in the uk ( she was accepting direct payment for her lectures ) and was deported for doing so ( it 's illegal under uk immigration law ) . 
  she 's a stupid cunt , not some sort of a hero . 
  that war was tiny compared to the total populations of india and pakistan . 
  call me back when they have at least 100k in casualties . 
   china ??? 
  lmao china is our biggest threat , although those guys are much less blunt than the russians . 
   which is why the falklands never happened tiny war over a useless piece of land vs. potential world war 3 . 
  are you serious mate ? 
  except trump never once said anything about development aid . 
  he was talking about military commitments in nato , which is a completely different piece of spending . 
  perhaps we could stop wasting money on foreign semi-hostile countries and start focusing on our homeland ? 
  unless of course the `` aid '' is helping us bribe foreign governments into allowing european businesses to work there , which is a completely different issue . 
   we 'll have more expensive weapons and people hanging around ... and then what ? 
  nothing . 
  that 's the point . 
  the more weapons we have the harder it would be for russia or china to fuck with us . 
  and trust me , they will fuck with us if given the opportunity . 
  we 're living in a world where only nuclear weapons prevent us from tearing out each other 's throats . 
  next up they should travel to some of the immigrant districts in north-eastern paris . 
  break up the illusions one by one . 
  in czech republic it 's at least 15 euros per 1 gb ... 
  i will believe any fact checking website that has a healthy mix of right wing and left wing fact checks . 
  in the us they have politifact but it had become horribly biased during the trump campaign . 
  let us see what the french will do ... 
  there has been a massive disinformation campaign about the refugees when the whole crisis started in full , e.g. 
  most of them are syrian ( they 're not ) , most are educated ( they 're not ) , many are children ( 85 % are adult men ) , they will integrate ( previous efforts have failed ) , etc. 
  similar bias exists for other ideas like legal weapons ( scaring the reader into thinking they 're a danger ) , right-wing demonstrations ( left-wing gatherings are always a huge piece of news , right-wing events are ignored , given little attention or painted negative light ) , huge bias against certain political figures ( trump eats bacon ?!, 
  how dare he ! ) . 
  what i want to see is them calling out such biases wherever they exist , without giving a shit about their own political affiliation .
