  well they are using maritime laws , but the only reason china 's agrees to follow them is nuclear weapons . 
  besides , saving or not saving economic immigrants is not a big part of maritime law . 
  china is n't building military bases because america has nuclear weapons capable of wiping them out . 
  if you think they 're scared of vague international laws you 're making a big mistake : those are n't worth the piece of paper they 're written on . 
  ` reinterpreting '' the maritime law wo n't hurt anyone except the flood of economic immigrants . 
   it 's . 
  a.crime.and . a.pretty.bad.precedent.in.international.law well , no . 
  you simply stop sending italian boats outside of italian territorial waters . 
  whatever happens in international waters is ignored . 
   you mean the stateless place where the only thing that keps our people safe and the gas and oil in our pipes is the expensive benevolence of the local tribes . 
  there are millions of people still living in libya . 
  should all of them be imported to europe automatically ? 
  if person x arrives to libya and proceeds to board a boat to europe , i do n't see why we 're supposed to suddenly take responsibility over them . 
  they came from libya and we return them to libya , fully restoring the status quo . 
   2 not applicable as long as italy & eu are signatories to laws of the seas and who 's going to punish them for ignoring the law ? 
  libya ? 
   3 possible if libya , or segment of it , is stabilised , and its detention centres funded/supervised . 
  why ? 
  those people came from libya so they can be returned to libya . 
  what conditions exist there is irrelevant . 
  step # 1 should be arresting ( and hopefully jailing for a long-long time ) the members of ngos that bring over people from libyan and international waters to italy step # 2 should be announcing a `` no assistance '' policy towards anyone drowning outside of the southern italian waters step # 3 should involve putting anyone found crossing over the sea border in handcuffs and shipping them over to libya, 
   obviously it is the case that we need to choose the minimum size for a region to be self determining somewhere why ? 
  are n't there numerous tiny minorities living all over catalonia that might like leaving the `` autonomous community '' and join one of the neighbors ? 
  or what if the city of barcelona decides to become a nation-state , should they be allowed to do a vote ? 
  why does `` having a local language '' suddenly mean you get more rights ? 
   you do n't have the right to decide people 's future because you make money off them . 
  you have the right to decide the future of your own land and right now the land under catalonia belongs to spain as a whole . 
  the catalonians themselves are free to leave ( say , through emigration ) at any moment , though : i fully agree that individuals should n't be controlled by the state . 
  it was protected from numerous invasions by the spanish state as a whole and madrid made lots of investments in the region over the centuries . 
  i do n't see why a group of spanish people who happen to speak catalan should suddenly demand to cut off the mutual piece of the pie . 
   the point is they are still a distinct people ( at least in their own minds ) well , like i said , spain is a huge clustefuck of `` distinct people '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationalisms_and_regionalisms_of_spain . 
  should * all * of them get to vote on getting a private state ? 
  what about the numerous `` nations '' in other european countries ? 
  before you know we 've got 50 referendums per year around the eu . 
   that 's what self determination is . 
  luckily most people in spain do n't share that viewpoint . 
  i would n't mind taking in the top-0 .1 % of middle east citizens , i 'm sure most of them are well-educated and have a good work ethic . 
  it 's the other 99.9 % that need extreme vetting before they come in here . 
   giving all spaniards a vote is denying peaceful self determination for the catalan people for now , catalan people * are * spaniards . 
  they 'd be able to vote in the spanish-wide referendum as well , just as any other spanish citizen . 
  would catalonia itself be okay if , say , some random border town decided to switch over from catalonian territory to spain or france ? 
  of course not , those kinds of things would have to be voted on by the entire region . 
   what you are suggesting is quite literally `` tyranny of the majority '' in which people from seville get a vote on whether to oppress people in catalonia . 
  all democracies are `` tyrannies of the majority '' by their definition . 
  i therefore do n't see why catalonia should get a special treatment when it comes to deciding the future fate of spain , as it 's obvious losing one of their regions is going to be a huge hit on madrid . 
   i do n't see why your dream state is any more valid than theirs . 
  because in our world bigger states have more power while smaller states are easy to fuck with . 
  an independent catalonia would be weak and fully dependent on all of it 's neighbors , while a united europe would be the world 's # 1 superpower . 
  see the difference ? 
   i still have n't seen any explanation for why the number of years of union should matter at all because if you start looking far enough into the past , you may find a huge ugly mix of nations , countries and borders . 
  it is therefore generally agreed that we should forget about the past and focus on the last century at most . 
   what you are supporting is imperialism . 
  what i 'm supporting is a peaceful democratic process within the existing process of spain . 
  what you 're supporting is an unjust scenario where one region of spain gets more power than all others combined . 
  well of course not . 
  you wo n't even be alive by the time barcelona is independent , as it 's not going to happen in this century . 
  lol , call me back when the great nation of catalonia is independent . 
  i will take my `` low level '' comments back on that exact day . 
  ah , yes , the great hitler defence . 
  it 's always funny to see just how butthurt nationalists can be over their tiny piece of the pond . 
  still , it 's been 300 + years of living together . 
  and * now * you * have to * get out ? 
  so ... 300 years since the last major conflict and * now * catalan * must * secede without asking the rest of spain ? 
  when was the last war between barcelona and madrid though ? 
  well if you put it this way prague should split up from the rest of the country . 
  our gdp per capita far exceeds the other regions , we pay the biggest amount of taxes , lawmakers from other regions impose their rule on us , etc. 
  there 's even a special prague dialect !, 
   ok , so , in the 21st century you must kill and die to get independence . 
  in europe . 
  great . 
  in the 21st century we should be thinking about unifying our nations , not splitting up into useless micro-states . 
  they allowed non-highly-skilled people to immigrate . 
   the same way than in scotland in quebec only the scots and qebecois voted `` exclusively '' , not the uk and canada . 
  wrong . 
  the scottish referendum was approved by the english parliament first . 
  the quebec referendum was pre-coordinated with the canadian government and they would have needed their approval if the yes vote came through . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  either you start a huge bloody war for independence ( see the balkans for the latest example ) or you peacefully wait out until the rest of the country agrees to let you out ( see the scottish referendum ) . 
  well czechs fought hard in wwi to become independent from austria and then in 1968 and 1989 to become independent from moscow . 
  it seems to me that catalans are unwilling to die en masse for their independence , or at least they did n't for the past 500 + years . 
   ecause you really do not seem to know very much about the topic of discussion . 
  i know that catalonia has failed to become independent for 500 + years now and probably wo n't become independent any time soon . 
  sounds like solid facts to me . 
   do you even know what a census is ? 
  so you 're telling me a guy from madrid ca n't move to barcelona ? 
   catalonia is not a `` province '' ; it is , as per the constitution of 1978 , a nationality of spain in the form of an autonomous community . 
  does this very constitution allow catalonia to unilaterally proclaim independence ? 
  yeah , legally speaking there 's a separate nation living within spain . 
  however i do n't understand why these people should be allowed to claim some part of spain is exclusively theirs . 
   do the czechs have any `` special rights '' ? 
  yes , but residents of prague are not given a special treatment ( for example ) . 
   so yes you endorse leaving a violent revolution as the only realistic path to independence . 
  no , i endorse a spanish-wide referendum . 
  if the politicians of catalonia then decide they wo n't respect the people 's opinion , i suggest they either shut up or take up arms . 
  i 'm guessing a war between a minor province and a nato member would be short and painless anyway . 
  i 'm sick and tired of all these minor provinces trying to create their own dream state , all while we need to be moving towards a single full-united european federation . 
   it 's an empire , subjugating a people against their will . 
  catalonia has been a part of spain for 500 + years now . 
  they 're now an integral part of spain , unless the entirety of spain says otherwise . 
  not exactly .
