  it sure as hell is n't american capitalism , for example . 
  and the whole greenland bigger than africa, 
  there is no world-wide recognition of the holodomor . 
  i 'm not religious , but orthodox churches are beautiful . 
  you ca n't pay when you have no source of income besides squeezing the poor ones . 
  i would be more worried about corrupt politicians than ordinary ( if they are of course ) bishops . 
  and then ... oh wait, 
  a fresh start ? 
  then why do they still have debts ? 
  all made since that start ? 
   dae public servants lazy . 
  that 's more of a portuguese prejudice and he 's generalizing it to the whole eu ( not that it is more true in portugal ) . 
  dont mind him, 
  2 weak neighbors ( compared to you ) to be more precise . 
  history has proved thorugh european countries that size does n't matter . 
  i might be wrong but from my perception the moroccans living in morocco , in general , seem to be more progressive than the moroccans living in europe . 
  so , do we like those separatists ? 
  so , like the pt-br speaking `` portuguese '' people that appear on american shows from time to time . 
  campe\u00e3 , my home town in portugal . 
  literally means `` champion '' in english ( it 's the feminine version , the masculine is `` campe\u00e3o '' ) . 
  the eu is a net exporter but those exports are mostly concentrated on some countries . 
   yeah you 're right ... sounds like a terrible place . . 
  but murica # 1 ... 
  it 's our lives at stake not the lives of our grandchildren / s, 
  that 's why he said mild protectionism and not a full ban on us companies . 
  yes , that 's why venezuela 's economy improved so much . 
  you can blame the mongols who burned everything that was non-war related knowledge . 
  one of us ... one of us ... 
  yes, 
  the iraq war is the definiton on injustified . 
  at some point you became the manipulative girl , and we well ... we posed no resistance . 
  that was only the last one . 
  and coincidentally or not , spanish-speaking countries, 
  would you say that about extremist sects of islam ? 
  it was a modern democracy while being a military dictatorship ? 
  what ? 
  the military dictatorships were way worse and nobody in europe complained . 
  the difference is that they were more western friendly than erdogan . 
  we found the brazilian . 
  brazil , you mean . 
  moroccan `` democracy '', 
  sadly for you , hillary is basically the same thing as the gop economically speaking . 
  as progressive as crusades or colonialism . 
  reddit = illuminati confirmed, 
  why do you assume she was naive and not pushing an agenda ? 
  i feel the same about scottish people . 
  the weather might suck compared to ours , but it is such a beautiful country . 
  i loved the highlands . 
  scotland, 
  is that 31 % in the ussr or just in russia ? 
  looks more like traditional rich people clothing . 
  saudi arabians are veryvrich even though they are probably the most radical muslim country in the world . 
  yeah ... thats not the reason they 're poor . 
  if you nuked them . 
  muslims in india , pakistan , indonesia ... would become radical and you 'd have an impossible problem to solve . 
  unless you want to raze the earth . 
  communists claiming there is a jewish conspiracy ? 
  no they do n't . 
  i think being surrounded by the holy roman empire , russia and the ottoman empire also helped . 
  they `` conquered '' moscow becausw muscovy was in the middle of a civil war . 
  it was during the time of troubles i believe . 
  tips fedora, 
  seriously though , the state of our athletics these days is just sad . 
  just another normal year . 
  technically they already have jesus , because he is also a prophet in islam . 
  france = earth everyone knows that . 
  everything else is just uncivilised wasteland . 
  every single american president / major politician is a saudi sympathiser . 
  according to him , even you probably are n't white , being a slav . 
  if your metric is killing civilians , do you consider the us to be a terrorist state because of drone strikes ? 
  a great men of history believer right here, 
  iran has nothing to do with terrorism , there is n't shia jihadism . 
  i mean , iran - west relations are at their beast point in years . 
  the ottoman sultan was also caliph . 
  at least since they conquered mecca anyways , afaik . 
  `` family values '' . 
  that expression is starting to become orwellian . 
  so if someone started spamming posts in here about how homessexuals are repressed in russia , you would start to root for the russian side in this ? 
  pleasr tell me more about when the germans were opresses . 
  afaik during mustafa kemal time , soviet - turkish relations were very good . 
  if i kill you to get your job , it 's still competition . 
  if they were socialists they would n't be trying to pass the reforms they are trying to in the first place . 
  democracy indeed . 
  whats the difference between an expat and an immigrant ? 
  expats are white ? 
  so you believe humans are inherently evil ? 
  they might be leftist but they still answer to their boss . 
  the celtic languages just seem so ortographically complicated ( besides being virtually dead ) . 
  well losing in penalties is n't a lose technically . 
  he probably does n't like boateng either . 
  getting putin out of office probably wo n't change anything . 
  did you know that patriarchy goes both ways ? 
  men are also expected to be tough guys who always have to help the weak women . 
  yep thats what he said . 
  says the guy from the other edge . 
  the portuguese state of mind is basically that aswell . 
  ashkenazis are anti semitic / s, 
  most of today 's jews are n't semitic, 
  damn you guys get really triggered . 
  so you think that you should take this because eventually you 'll reach western europe ^ tm levels of wealth .
