  but you do n't invade it all year long, 
  anti-semite !!!!!, 
  number one at something, 
  he 's going to retire and live with the love of his life , varoufakis . 
  social democratic policies = far left ? 
  little green men, 
  that was the badass adolf, 
  it was perceived as `` backward '' well before the communists . 
  baguettes are n't people, 
  i was being sarcastic, 
  putin has gone to the dark side of the moon and he saw aliens there ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ nazis, 
  so , now russia is uber politically correct ? 
  but when it happens , we can all say goodbye to the world as we know it . 
  yeah , where i live ( a place where a lot of people immigrated ) almost everyone has a family member living in luxembourg . 
  itt : people who do n't know what liberation theology is . 
  just shootings , not terrorism . 
  after all , only muslims can be terrorists . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  well if it reaches 0 it ca n't fall more, 
  admin you mean, 
  alcee hastings vs texas was legendary . 
  european leaders have to worry about elections . 
   the industrial revolution freed a lot of men from manual labor allowing them to use their brains for science and art most of the scientists of those times were rich people , so they would n't have to work either way . 
  at least my country wo n't disappear due to rising sea levels . 
  probably a russian who put the money there / s, 
  you 're now a mod in / r/portugalcaralho, 
  i always knew sweden was the best and denmark sucked . 
  this is just another proof . 
  you implied it only existed because of him . 
  germany was already disliked before tsipras . 
  he actually made constructive criticism , one of the better criticisms of capitalism to this day . 
  this seems like the sikh guy in britain who was attacked by some morons because they thought he was a muslism ( as if that was ok ) . 
  that 's just too much mercator, 
  a native swede would get the same punishment . 
  are you a russian shill ? 
  sigh ... 
  cool weather plebs . 
  it can get 100x better, 
  everyone seems to hate the french ( for no reason at all ), 
  our major eletricity company ( near monopoly ) , which was previously state-owned , is now owned by a chinese state-owned corporation , so everytime we use eletricity here in portugal we are paying to the chinese government . 
  privatisation indeed . 
  what you were implying previously was that good governments do n't spend more money than they have , which is completely false because every country in the world has debts , and almost all have deficits . 
  you were n't saying that . 
  at least these swabian housewives know that a household is run the same way as a country ... oh wait ... 
  we were talking about germany , not the whole eu . 
  they never came together and never will . 
   if i had to pick where i wanted to live i 'd still pick usa . 
  you must be rich then . 
  well at least he would n't be called a terrorist . 
  just a wacko or something . 
  why did you assume i was only talking about economic problems ? 
  continue pretending that the problems are exclusive to greece . 
  in the us red = republican , not socialist . 
  i think we agree, 
   if black people in america can still play the slave card they do n't need that because they are still discriminated . 
  the internet was developed by the public sector , not by some `` entrepeneur '', 
  and privatised healthcare, 
  1 ) scandinavian countries 2 ) ???????? 
  they 're taking over france !, 
  implying you 'll get more . 
  shut up russian speaker, 
  do n't speak spanish, 
  and then they cheated on us :(, 
   reduce progressive taxation . 
  need money ? 
  cut taxes on the rich !, 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ being ^ ^ ^ sarcastic, 
  but they told me sweden is a politically correct feminist muslim dictatorship !, 
  embrace the kebab in your european heart . 
  if you had non-communist dictators like greece had , it would be basically the same thing . 
  moocher lazy greek !, 
  they surelly benefited from it tough . 
  they are cutting on chairs . 
  steaks are delicious though . 
   immigrants are fortune-seeking leeches if this is true , then i do n't know how that whole united states of america thing worked out . 
  pretty well actually . 
  reddit gets mad of him , because jelousy, 
  in portugal we do n't need the imf to tell us things , our goverment takes the initiative and does the measures ( when they are to cut , and not to pay more , like this type ) . 
   having converted from islam to christianity what an upgrade . 
  everyone likes the right wing when there is prosperity . 
  i know and i agree with you . 
  i was just stating how it is . 
  the languages are n't more popular the cuter they are . 
  they are more popular the strongest the nations that speak them are . 
  compared to non-english speaking countries , that really is a * 1st world * problem, 
  i do n't we would be first or close to that if we went with a song in english . 
  it 's basically a popularity contest . 
  the more popular countries always win regardless of language . 
   however , what i find a tad bit annoyng is english speakers ( be it american , canadian , british ) who make little to no efforts to learn other languages , especially if they travel within europe . 
  that wo n't get any better . 
  if people chose their place to live based on beauty , no portuguese person , for example , would ever leave portugal . 
  thanks obama, 
  i would n't say anti-turkism , it 's just anti-turkey really . 
  i do n't dislike you btw, 
  sadly yes, 
  wtf, 
  at least they do n't support always the same party , since the party in power changes relatively frequently . 
  most young people consider themselves agnostic / atheists , but when they get older a very large part ( sadly imo ) become at least more `` spiritual '' . 
  it was , during ck2 time , not today . 
  the xenophobic anthem,
