no one ever talked about `` free-for-all-immigration '' . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  `` reindependence '' , what is that word ? 
  could you please rephrase that ? 
  what is that `` culture '' ? 
  is that something you can eat ? 
  national identity , does that better my life in some way ? 
  sharing an identity with another 81 million people that i have never met ? 
  most of them are living entirely different lives . 
  what is it that i bavarian hillbilly have in common with someone living in hamburg apart from our language and our passport ? 
  i do have an identity linked to my home , the street i grew up in and the people i share my live with . 
  but an entire country ? 
  when i went to barcelona last year , i felt more at home than in any city in this entire country while i have never been to spain before , except for airports . 
  germany is not my home . 
  the thousand citizen village i grew up in and the room i am sitting in are . 
  i 'm not implying being nationalist is particularly bad . 
  i am stating that it is unnecessary and can indeed lead to a problem . 
  even more so in this globalised world . 
  nationalism is not what kept people alive and happy in the past . 
  a sense of community is . 
  that is not the same thing . 
  nationalism is what made countries fall into their darkest times and made them disappear from maps . 
  yes it is . 
  geneva conventions are mandatory for all members . 
  it 's not a moderate lefts fault that right wing voters and worried citizens move fast towards forming a new schutzstaffel und commit vigilante . 
  where is that mass ? 
  where is it ? 
  there are russian immigrants . 
  of course there are . 
  but where is the russian masses fleeing ? 
  the fall of the east was more than two decades ago . 
  the russians that came here do n't wanted to be russians anymore . 
  they did n't want to speak their language anymore , they did n't want to be recognized as russian at all . 
  part of them even were of german descent and maybe would have returned much earlier here but could n't until the iron curtain fell . 
  a little more than 200.000 russians are what 's left of that in germany . 
  ( of course there is also polish people , serbian people ... more than 42.000 from syria applied for asylum only the first half of this year . 
  about 1,2 million human beings immigrate to germany every year while 700k are leaving germany . 
  there is no way to compare the russian immigration to germany to anything else and there is no way to compare the german-russians to any other minority in germany . 
  `` what freedom of speech is this ? 
  now i 'm getting called nazi just for gassing some jews . '', 
  this is not the super-munchkin-card . 
  if you want to be part of the eu , you will have to take the positive as well as the negative effects . 
  in my generation , no one feels guilty for anything . 
  it 's just that we hate nazi-scum and their ideals . 
  talk to someone outside your local schutzstaffel . 
  someone who already talked to a foreigner at least once in his life . 
  now i see the problem . 
  you have no idea about demographics . 
  the number of americans , canadians and mexicans in europe is ignorable . 
  it 's not noteworthy in any matter at all . 
  there is more people leaving europe for the us , canada or mexico . 
  also there is no american , russian , canadian or belorussian mass that is somehow forced to immigrate to germany . 
  they are not in that critical situation ( yet . 
  could change for ukraine ) . 
  it 's individuals deciding to leave their country for germany . 
  should be given that they chose germany willing to integrate there . 
  the turks are better integrated than some ossis . 
  they are n't turks anymore . 
  they are german-turks . 
  if the syrians only integrate half as well , there are good times ahead . 
  if that is what it 's like in sweden , it already has been like sweden for years . 
  just that the victims of right-wing terror had n't arrived yet . 
  ( at least a far as we know . 
  who knows what else nsu did that we do n't know about ) . 
  left-wing extremists and moderates warned about it for years . 
  no one took any side serious , partly also because left-wing extremists are just the same fascist scumbags and now we have double the problems . 
  i think that is what `` terrorism '' means . 
  1 ) there is more possibilities for `` conflicting cultural values '' . 
  different religions are n't a ) the only difference and b ) not necessarily a reason for conflicts . 
  look at turks and kurds . 
  their majority are both muslims . 
  and they get along totally fine . 
  / s experience has shown that `` almost the same '' but not `` entirely the same '' sometimes has much more potential for conflicts than `` totally different '' . 
  `` we 'll be back in a minute . 
  just getting a beer . '', 
  being non-racist is not only caring for the people of different skin-color . 
  `` safe '' . 
  it depends on why you think there is too much immigration to your country and what you think the consequences should be , what the right way to handle situation is , in your opinion and what that means to you , reacting to refugees you meet on the street . 
  you proved your point yourself . 
  just not the way you intended to i guess ... 
  laughed at that !, 
  probably installed cameras in his living room , hoping to see a link to some terrorist cell -  all they saw was a little bald man drinking a lot of red wine . 
  `` german culture '' ? 
  what is that ? 
  why is it gon na be `` lost '' if we do n't `` save '' it ? 
  is it worth saving ? 
  what will happen if it is lost ? 
  also does not make you a racist . 
  hostility against a racial minority is what makes you racist . 
  but those are n't the ones who fucked our politics up . 
  it 's literally just burning your governments money and hurting a third party in the process . 
  we see how good that worked in the us for decades . 
  as it was predicted for almost decades , and nobody listened . 
  angry citizens that ( pardon me ) crossed a border . 
  demanding a certain behaviour from asylum-seekers , while not behaving themselves . 
  his face said `` hit my teeth with a stone '' . 
  it really did . 
  you wo n't get called a racist for discussing the politics surrounding the issue . 
  you will be called a racist for being a racist . 
  it 's just that too many people have a problem distinguishing between criticizing the politics and decision that lead to the problems and a hostile attitude towards asylum-seekers .
