  a romani walking into a job interview would just be taken for an asian . 
  in fact , lots of our `` gypsies '' are irish travellers , who are white , though with a lifestyle similar to that of romani . 
  they still experience discrimination , though not on the basis of skin colour . 
  chechens must be finland 's worst nightmare, 
  they 're homegrown jihadis from bristol, 
  send them to us !, 
  we 'll , uh , return them when it 's peaceful ... 
  today is the day great magyarorsz\u00e1g had it 's rightful clay stolen by the western communist zionist illuminati cigan romanians !, 
  reverse triathlon !, 
  never thought spain 's unemployment was in the same neighbourhood as the balkan states, 
   strap rockets to said giant ball of ice and sent it the sun . 
  if we do leave he 's going to give cameron an extra hard slap, 
  i know , where 's erdogan 's costume ? 
  it 's embarassing that he turned up in a suit . 
  iirc srs now forbids linking to / r/yuoknowwhat, 
  [ similar thing happened with romania vs hungary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7qjxgjx1vk ), 
  it makes sense if you think how the language reform was carried out , standard turkish was based on `` raw turkish '' which the majority of anatolian turks spoke and not ottoman turkish with all its loanwords . 
  renaming cities `` indigenised '' the names even if they were ultimately of foreign origin , `` istanbul '' is how many ( most ? ), 
  turks referred to the city as before it was renamed . 
  hue, 
  suleyman i is best sultan, 
  i knew viktor orb\u00e1n was no good, 
  we call it kingston and it 's rightful british clay, 
  it was part of a process of turkification , the whole idea was to remove foreign influences to forge a turkish nationalism . 
  it was completely secular , it also included things like binning the arabic alphabet , replacing persian and arabic words with new turkic ones , enforcing turkish as a national language , introducing surnames and renaming cities . 
  it was the name of the city until 1930 , it was changed by ataturk in a magnificent act of trolling . 
  * oh , leave our glorious empire will you ? 
  guess we 'll just rename your ... 
  i 'm sorry , i mean , our city !, 
  indonesia never happened, 
  erdogan will move into topkapi palace instead, 
  a true statesman . 
  cheeky nando 's with ulfric #stormcloaklad, 
  it 's also written in some strange undecipherable code . 
  who knows what those strange symbols mean ? 
  personally i found their comments on the muslim zionist banking communist eu mafia cabal nuanced and englightening, 
  op will be deported to craggy island as punishment for this offence . 
  or robin, 
  call it constantinople, 
   if ukraine some day for exmaple joins eu half the country will be empty in a week . 
  and soon repopulated by russians . 
  who will then vote to join russia ... 
  surprise soyuz, 
  i know , those gypsies always show me up in their fancy supercars as well . 
  imagine if you were working in the uk and were beaten up and forced to eat rotten meat off the floor by a police officer . 
  if i said `` if those eastern europeans hate britain so much why do n't they just go home ? '', 
  in response , would you be ok with that ? 
  newspaper comment sections are a goldmine of reasoned and intelligent debate  if the germans are so bad why dont all muslims leave their country and go back to their own . 
  `` and this is how the ottoman empire joined the central powers '', 
  that 's why sweden is so cold , because of all those somali pirates, 
  do n't be silly , romania is nordic . 
  uk-ireland ... ? 
  unification time, 
  not matter , eesti will conquer stinky russia and take moskva then we see who can not nordic now, 
  chetnik flag in the front as well at 1:08, 
  this map will be on rt tomorrow  polish fascist reveals secret nato eu plan for make great rossiya into sea, 
  i ca n't sleep at night . 
  i keep having recurring nightmares of albanian tanks rolling down the mall whilst their supersonic fighter jets carpet bomb our runways so we ca n't fight back , and an uck troop is hanging that greater albania flag from the serbia match over buckinham palace , holding the servered head of the queen in his left hand . 
  in wwi serbia lost 27 % of its total population and 60 % of its male population . 
   anti-russian bicyclists [ to moscow !, 
  people plotting to attack other people generally are considered a threat to society . 
  our railways are hugely expensive for the service they provide . 
   is n't common law the silly thing that basically mandates that everything decided in a court of law can become a new law/precedent ? 
  well , in a higher court ( court of appeal/supreme court ) , yeah . 
  they generally avoid making drastic changes though , if they believe a law really needs work they 'll put it to parliament . 
  au contraire , this map clearly proves that ireland is part of the uk, 
  surp\u00f6\u00f6ping, 
   most of them probably hate the nazis but they are n't really tolerant people anyways . 
  i 've poked around there a bit and i 've come to the conclusion that they are actual nazis . 
  one of their all time posts is an ama from a guy who made a movie defending hitler . 
  [ check out those questions !, 
  ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/european/comments/2ujnjs/im_dennis_wise_the_creator_of_the_greatest_story/ ), 
  how are immigrants from other arab states viewed ? 
  what about people from other parts of the muslim world ( e.g. 
  pakistan , afghanistan etc. ) ? 
  do people have a view of their diaspora in the west ? 
  ottomon , got ta catch 'em all !, 
  buy it and report back, 
  til , that 's pretty cool, 
  the real reason we do n't invest is because we 're afraid poland 's true potential will cause it to overpower all of europe with its stronk, 
  something about these pictures makes me think of those miniature model landscapes, 
  nigel farage roaming the mountain forests , hunting for innocent romanian blood, 
  not all turks like him , plenty of religious conservative turks resent him for abolishing the caliphate and removing islam from public life . 
  transnistria we war yuo !, 
  well , this is n't a massive surprise since russia has already recognised the armenian genocide in the past , more than once as well . 
  nevertheless , putin 's a prominent world leader ( regardless of what we think of him ) and this does keep up the pressure on the turkish government . 
  the armenian and ethiopian churches are still in communion with each other as well . 
  we have both as well , the blood-and-soil types are represented by the bnp ( british national party ) which was a splinter group from the national front . 
  ukip is officially a civic nationalist party , but a good amount of their supporters and members are still pretty racist . 
  lots of disaffected bnp supporters would probably support ukip now as the next best thing ( since the bnp has all but collapsed ), 
   ignorance and prejudice . 
  what , like making generalised statements about `` indian rape culture '' coming to the uk ? 
  if they do we 're far less likely to hear about it , given how tightly controlled the chinese press is . 
  the ~ ~ article ~ ~ headline is twisting his words . 
  what he * actually * said was that he would rather have skilled immigrants proficient in english regardless of their origin than unskilled immigrants who speak no english from eastern europe , which is n't the same thing as saying `` indians are better than eastern europeans '' . 
  he 's arguing for a uniform immigration policy where people do n't get free entry simply because they 're from the eu , basically . 
  it 's funny seeing the offended reactions of a few of the posters on here though . 
  `` farage is being racist against the * wrong people !, 
  i 'm properly multilingual - i also speak gcse-level french . 
  you are right , mr oceania !,
