   terror attacks are part and parcel of living in a big city multiculturalism not even once, 
  10/10 would vote for, 
  wrong , gott exists . 
  thanks , the number for czech republic seemed too low . 
  similarly estonia has the second lower number of people believing in god , but highest percent of people who believe in some kind of spirit or fore . 
   anyone here reminded of yugoslavia ? 
  yes , sadly i see too many parallels to believe the federal europe can ever work, 
  stop spreading fake news , he said the nato is very important in the same speech . 
  what ? 
  most of zorthianators posts in this thread are factual , trying hard to explain his position about the issue , unlike post of some other people , basically saying `` if you dare to have different opinion about anything , you should fuck off . '', 
  problem are not your views , but your narrow-minded approach . 
  maybe people would hate europhiles less if the were less smug , but dunno . 
  it is called salami tactics, 
  considering amendment suggested by czech mps were completely ignored without voting , i seriously doubt that . 
  you mean ano ? 
  ano is not a right-wing party . 
  edit : and i would not call kdu -- \u010csl right-wing either, 
  well , meme magic is lately more reliable than polls, 
  sadly , this is one of many examples of eu legislative which 1 ) at first sounds nice and reasonable ( muh fighting against terrorism ) 2 ) solves absolutely nothing ( european gun laws are strict enough ; criminals and terrorist do n't follow them anyway ; 8 bullets are ok , 12 are not ) 3 ) eventually only takes rights from and complicate lives of common law abiding citizens, 
  in france truck attacks have more victims per one terrorist than firearms . 
  by this logic personal cars should be banned . 
  they are dangerous and you can always use public transport . 
  and turkish military is four times larger, 
  well , he is n't wrong , seeing hitler as `` absolute evil '' is gross oversimplification and imho pretty dangerous , studying normal people doing absolutely evil things is more worrying than absolute evil doing obviously absolutely evil things, 
  i completely support reasoning of the new government , nasa should focus on different problems , there are now plenty other subjects , like esa or spacex who can take care of earth orbit . 
  of course few thousands syrians does n't mean anything . 
  however this create dangerous precedent . 
  another big waves of refugees are very probable , as well as stable influx of economic migrants from 3rd world countries . 
  7/10 for not posting those fancy black ss parade uniforms . 
  despite the media outrage he really is not way worse than many other politicians . 
  didn \u00b4 t you get the memo ? 
  trump bashing is relevant on every subreddit . 
  charles v ruled both spain and carinthia before the dynasty split into two branches, 
  to focus on important issues like trade or security seems like the best approach . 
  imho doing nothing , pushing for further federalisation or two-speed eu only eventually cause the final break-up . 
  what is the shortest joke in the world ? 
  while being [ larger ] ( http://mapfight.appspot.com/cd-vs-de/dr-congo-germany-size-comparison ) than whole central europe, 
   greens no thanks , once was embarrassing enough, 
  yeah , everything paid by european money is at least three times more expensive and czechia is full of useless projects existing only because subventions . 
  the climax for lazy :  but when ataturk hears about the letter from einstein , he convenes a meeting with the principles , presumably the prime minister , the minister of education and dr. g\u00fcnzberg , and einstein 's offer is accepted . 
  the invitation is then extended to the german jewish scientists , and the reform of higher education is underway , catalyzed by einstein 's letter . 
  plinse comes from sorbian blinc, 
  there are plenty poor people in czechia yet i do n't remember riots with cars set on fire . 
  time-travelling trumps theory seems to be more plausible every day . 
  taught me more than biology classes at school . 
  [ intro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imp2mzxom-s ), 
  based [ gott ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhefpzs_lka ), 
  so no go zones are not problem because you are used to them ? 
  and immigration to france from muslim countries was always rather substantial . 
  her cunning plan was to slowly subverting eu from inside . 
  wtf , i thought reunion is a small island , but it has 850 000 inhabitants . 
  * p\u0161onci * is also commonly used, 
  but muh normandy and sicily, 
  no muslims = no muslim terrorism . 
  could it be so simple ? 
  yeah , joking about roman salute makes you fascist, 
  i 'm not afraid of trump , panic about dismantling nato is silly , but if you are buying fighters , you expect them last more than 10 years ( eg f22 is now in service 15 years ) . 
  of course we can ( and should ) not completely abandon all us-made military technology tomorrow , but if we want to be more self sufficient we eventually need to start somewhere . 
  future investments into european domestic military industry would help economy and byproducts of research ( like drones for civilian use etc. ), 
  would help europe to keep technological edge . 
  european countries ( like france or sweden ) are perfectly capable of developing complex fighters . 
  it is better to invest and create high-skill r&d and manufacturing jobs in europe than completely depend on supplier with possible different geopolitical goals . 
  it is sad that truth is not appropriate for a national politician . 
  [ exactly ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2011-11-12 ), 
  everything that could go wrong went wrong and the whole disaster was eventually managable with no direct casualties . 
  fukushima is rather proof how safe nuclear power plants are . 
  implying you dont import nuclear energy from czechia, 
  namibia asked to be 1st in africa and romania wanted to be at least in top 100 . 
  you need to pick one when their interest collide , like during wars or football matches . 
  you can not be loyal to two countries at the same time . 
  oh , i did n't expect such high-quality banter from namibia or morocco, 
  sry , i do n't speak hungarian, 
  yes, 
  adopting children isn \u00b4 t a right but privilege . 
  because marriage is religious union between man and woman with main goal to produce and raise offsprings . 
  while some form of civil union is a good thing , there is no reason why should gay-marriages exist . 
  creation of disconnected elites is a bad thing , see their current surprise the rest of country voted for trump, 
  thats very possible explanation . 
  i do n't understand why people still believe `` trump is dumb '' when facts prove otherwise . 
  you do n't become potus just because random blind luck and trump proved his insight several times . 
   will start, 
  the world will probably express deep concerns . 
  because cia is so trustworthy organisation and never ever lied to american or world public ? 
  i see . 
  clinton would never appointed associate justices sympathetic to her . 
  save from what ? 
  this narrative `` trump is literally hitler controlled by pence/putin/bannon / absolutely out of control '' is getting stale . 
  so none ? 
  neither of those thing is racist . 
  there is nothing wrong with pointing out crime between immigrants . 
  ensure judges are as impartial as possible is common practices . 
  and while birther movement is ridiculous , i do n't find it especially racist . 
  edit : expanded a little, 
  of course not , i \u00b4 m aware clinton is way worse . 
  not federalise and leave as much powers as possible on national level . 
  i do n't thing it is possible to create future federal parlament which would be able to protect concerns of smaller states and at the same time was democratic and gave all citizens more or less equal representation . 
  how being always outvoted by larger countries in european parlament make us less irrelevant ? 
  being dependant on usa or germany and france is n't such a difference . 
  i believe they just ask . 
  in the second round , would you vote for fillon or le pen ?
