  how is banning immigrants from certain unstable countries religious persecution ? 
  merkel should care more about german problems . 
  unlike her trump actually cares about protection of american citizens . 
  the main reason was to stop the islamic ( turkish ) threat . 
  this . 
  eu should ensure free trade and economic cooperation , not become one superstate . 
  interests of different european countries are too diverging , superstate would never work . 
  i counted the one on flag of antwerp on the greater version, 
  both, 
   citadel triggered , citadels are usually defined as fortified areas inside cities, 
  [ comparison ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/opkgt ) between eagles and lions, 
  yeah , and people did not believe he will be elected for the first time . 
  and since his election is us economy doing pretty great . 
  it is going to be really tiresome to listen speculations about the impeachment for whole eight years . 
   ... is a hillfort atop the 244 metres ( 801 ft ) high greenan mountain at inishowen in county donegal , ireland . 
  the main structure is a stone ringfort , thought to have been built by the northern u\u00ed n\u00e9ill , in the sixth or seventh century ce ; although there is evidence that the site had been in use before the fort was built . 
  it has been identified as the seat of the kingdom of ailech and one of the royal sites of gaelic ireland . 
  the wall is about 4.5 metres ( 15 ft ) thick and 5 metres ( 16 ft ) high . 
  inside it has three terraces , which are linked by steps , and two long passages within it . 
  originally , there would have been buildings inside the ringfort . 
  just outside it are the remains of a well and a tumulus . 
   by the 12th century , the kingdom of ailech had become embattled and lost a fair amount of territory to the invading normans . 
  according to irish literature , the ringfort was mostly destroyed by muirchertach ua briain , king of munster , in 1101 . 
  substantial restoration work was carried out in 1870 . 
  today , the site is a national monument and a tourist attraction . 
  stuff done ? 
  but moravia would create ugly eastern protrusion . 
  youd have to take austria too . 
  nato being obsolete does n't mean it should be dismantled , just reformed with more fair share from partners . 
  it is awful example of clickbait headline , implying outrageous things that are not true . 
  critique of nato does n't meant trump wants to disband it during his first week . 
  i do n't see how , both statements are correct, 
  thats the standard policy of world powers, 
  underrated, 
  triggered . 
  with our decent population and economy we could have been a great colonial power , netherlands-style . 
  i do n't suggest nuking russian paramilitary forces , i 'm saying theory of hybrid warfare makes line between peace and war extremely blurry and basically non-existent . 
  nukes are especially useless against russian-style hybrid warfare . 
  see the issue illustrated in always relevant [ yes prime minister ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkbdksnsjac ), 
  we had no female president in last 50 years , so our political system is obviously deeply misogynistic . 
  pilsner is overrrated anyway . 
  paying over 30 ( ~ $ 1.11 ) czk for normal beer is unreasonable . 
  too bad nobody will ever fear glorious czechia, 
  r/botsrights its nice to see eu solved all grave issues and has enough spare time to prepare legislative framework for something that does n't even exist . 
  why ? 
  how else would you persuade public that people who are against regressive left are at least as despicable and evil as hitler ? 
   but you still get to make comments . 
  article does n't mention her being deported from switzerland, 
  he already brought thousands jobs back and he is n't even inaugurated yet . 
  or at least that is what he is claiming on twitter . 
  of course they do their part , but terrorism well existed 100 years ago, 
  this , eu should not interfere with inner politics of member states . 
  are you saying that the best way how to deal with terrorism is just to get used to it ? 
   proposal to increase citizens ' security what a bullshit . 
  they should rather ban trucks . 
  \\* nervous laughter \\*, 
  only if you can actively speak , not just passively understand . 
  absolute number is even more surprising , considering that all the other countries in top 7 have advanced military industry and nuclear capacities . 
  i wonder when they express their support to people from mosul . 
  silesia confirmed for rightful czech clay . 
  are you saying he does n't mind all the media attention he gets because of prolonged process ? 
  like clinton news network ? 
  but seriously , its getting harder to distinguish between real and fake news when mainstream media take things out of context just to create clickbait titles and `` breaking '' stories . 
  which only attracts more new immigrants . 
  also the thirty yeasr war, 
   we 've managed to stop far more serious invasions you mean the one that withdraw because their leader died , or the one that conquered whole southeastern part of europe for several centuries ? 
  i got you : [ lions v eagles ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/opkgt ), 
  thaler itself is german , first were coined in j\u00e1chymov aka joachimsthal . 
  using language that is n't officially tied to any eu country is even better . 
  evidently a result of struggling british economy after the brexit . 
  croatian , serbian and bosnian ? 
  to import virile young men from 3rd world countries ? 
  you obviously know nothing about dark power of meme magic . 
  repeating digits foretold trumps victory . 
   do n't gives a single fuck about the other side , thus they do n't remember trump 's name ? 
  thats exactly the kind of people who should not be allowed to vote, 
  she has not only three but four vanguard-class submarines full of nukes . 
  maybe because of stuff like subsidies for repairs of old churches and other protected historical church-owned buildings ? 
  she fucked up but she can not admit it . 
  modern '' `` art '' '', 
  yes , feels great to live on the best continent . 
  rest of the world , are you even trying ? 
  thanks for an example of false equivalence . 
  socrates ; benedict of nursia ; erasmus of rotterdam ; john amos comenius ; marie curie ; albert schweitzer . 
  there is no reason when we have registered partnership . 
  the island inhabited by descendants of bounty mutineers and tahitian women . 
  that would completely derail the tight structure of the movie . 
  i 'm not sure why are french so triggered , literally the first scene shows french army defending the barricade against advancing germans while the main hero retreats to the beach . 
  this , macron is the same anti-establishment candidate as trump . 
  people who actually live in mountains or coastal regions tend to overestimate the danger . 
  only fresh people from czechia without previous prejudices are able to correctly assess risks . 
  27 , not bad . 
  only the three most notable mentioned czechs are franz kafka , sigmund freud , and oskar schindler . 
   making the uk our enemy would be short sighted decision definitely and it would be better to give them an extension than kicking them out without a deal . 
  however eu is not here to fix british problems , we have enough of our own and britain ca n't have both all benefits of being in eu and no obligations . 
  they need a treaty that no side can back off , like in the case of concorde . 
  nighthawks or blackbirds are sexy as hell . 
  overusing of day-after pills is more damaging for an individual than an overuse of antibiotics . 
  trump had several pretty good speeches ; they were read from teleprompter but still , not like other politicians write their own speeches . 
  yeah , lets regress back to 19th century imperialism .
