last democratic central european country in 1938 , 1948 and 2016 . 
  thats how we roll . 
  popular vote is meaningless because both voters and candidates are familiar with the system and vote/run campaign accordingly . 
  trumps victory could be seen as a return to a real democracy in sense that people elected someone who was agains both democrats and republicans , without support of medias and celebrities a with half of budget of his main opponent . 
  it seems that standard comfortable division right-left is dead . 
  \\ #makeeuropegreatagain, 
  implying you could be ever certain article 5 will be efectivelly honoured . 
  maybe politicians will start learning finally that they should pick candidates who are not completely disconnected from people . 
  well , it probably is n't supposed to be a secret , it is way easier to force people to agree with you politic if they know that an invasion of their country is already prepared . 
  because eu banned light bulbs and thermometers . 
  many czech emigrants who supported independence of czechoslovakia lived in us and masaryk ( whose wife was american ) strongly agitated there . 
  woodrow wilson believed in self-determination of nations and in his [ fourteen points ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourteen_points ) he promised autonomous development for nations of ah . 
  czechoslovak [ washington declaration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czechoslovak_declaration_of_independence ) of independence from 17 october was addressed to him an he accepted it and committed usa to the czech cause . 
  the animosity started when russians took central asia . 
  too bad gottland is already taken . 
  you do n't have to feel sympathy for russia , just dislike us and american foreign policy which directly caused this whole mess . 
  this . 
  upper hungary is right . 
  german political correctness strikes again !, 
   but as mac donald writes in the wall street journal , 2009 statistics from the bureau of justice statistics reveal that blacks were charged with 62 percent of robberies , 57 percent of murders and 45 percent of assaults in the 75 biggest counties in the country , despite only comprising roughly 15 percent of the population in these counties . 
  `` such a concentration of criminal violence in minority communities means that officers will be disproportionately confronting armed and often resisting suspects in those communities , raising officers ' own risk of using lethal force , '' writes macdonald . 
  ( ... ) `` the black violent crime rate would actually predict that more than 26 percent of police victims would be black , '' [ source ] ( http://www.dailywire.com/news/7264/5-statistics-you-need-know-about-cops-killing-aaron-bandler ), 
   in the us , it means you 're significantly less likely to shot by the police . 
  actually the opposite is true, 
  camouflage to confuse enemy . 
   complex international construction that aimed to bring security and prosperity to several nations by eliminating borders and pumping money around it seems author believes austrian empire was sophisticated federation and not just bunch of random countries habsburgs grabbed . 
  feels good to live in a free country, 
  except our president, 
  something like fort boyard ? 
  in nhl there are nearly as many players from the europe as are from the us . 
  but this is n't a retroactive decision . 
  apple is supposed to pay up taxes they were obliged to pay by already existing laws . 
  well , `` cesky '' literally means `` in czech language '' so 100 % native is n't very surprising . 
   ive found their weakness !, 
  they are powerless without a head !, 
  eu should not be financing building homes without a proper permission . 
   carbeques brand new addition to my dictionary . 
  thanks hungary, 
  the larger scale the less solidarity are people able to feel . 
  1 . boost migrant crisis 2 . insult and call racist countries trying to solve it like hungary 3 . feel offended when they do n't like it stay classy germany, 
  civilized people do n't take selfies during beheading . 
  its really rude . 
  no , no , no , no , probably yes , probably no , drone pilot, 
  well , many plots were actually loosely inspired by real life events . 
  and russia got 14 countries where ? 
  so ... have they already admitted french role in rwandan genocide ? 
  you mean `` scared because naive people might actually vote leave '', 
  it is true . 
  democracy is n't a perfect system and has many perks and many disadvantage . 
  the most significant part of democracy is assumption that voters are reasonable beings who can take responsibility for their own future and not naive morons who do n't know their action can have consequences , change opinions every week and need several attempts to accomplish anything . 
  why would you need to see how other people voted ? 
  if you wanted remain , you should voted for remain ; if you voted brexit , you should be prepared to live with consequences . 
  the second most important part of democracy is that more than half of voters is the majority . 
  why arbitrary 60 % ? 
  why not 70 % ? 
  why not 55 % ? 
  from practical point of view , to pull one referendum is complicated and expensive . 
  to pull several inconclusive referendums would be logistical nightmare and people would probably just stopped caring about voting . 
  accomplish any resolute decision would be extremely prolonged and difficult . 
  moreover the new referendum would be polluted by current panic and fallout which might or might not be temporally . 
  eu has a very little in common with democracy . 
  this is n't how democracy works , you ca n't repeat voting until you get your desired outcome . 
   people are against further federalization so much that one of the most important members just left , therefore we should push for more federalization . 
  you have really insight of brussels bureaucrats . 
  he should abdicate . 
  as a president of the european commission he is directly responsible for brexit fiasco . 
  yes , but 25 years after velvet revolution ? 
  `` communism '' is still popular scapegoat in czechia . 
  i did n't expect that especially with my awful german and tricky multiple choices . 
  fluctuations caused by solar and wind power plants are n't actually very good for the grid . 
  he has some good points . 
  nobody wants to be regarded as someone from `` inferior '' culture . 
  and presenting `` flaws '' ( or at least `` flaws '' by western standards ) as virtues is n't something new , see slavophilia . 
  well , uk is the most significant inner opponent of further federalization . 
  it kinda make sense that pro-federalists might want uk out . 
  czechoslovakize - the same thing but without a genocide, 
   muh banning universities there is nothing wrong with banning granting foreign degrees . 
  the number does n't seems so big . 
  the data i 've found for germany say that in 2013 there were 14 500 jobs related to coal mining and 16 410 to lignite . 
  it is getting harder and harder to distinguish where sweden ends and memes start . 
  is this that two-speed europe people are talking about ? 
  english will definitely stay . 
  i believe that english is now even better ligua franca of eu than before brexit , it is neutral language not anymore directly connected with dominant eu power like germany of france . 
  well , it is n't the end of the world . 
  uk is still a part of europe and i 'm sure eu and uk will eventually establish some mutually beneficial trade and political relations . 
  solar panels wasting otherwise perfectly good land are pretty disgusting . 
  nah , i wont support this eu damaging initiative . 
  to show his voters he protects american interests and fixes injustice caused by previous lax governments . 
  also there is nothing like bad publicity . 
  it seems rather dumb and dangerous to encourage this behavior , even when is the green light up , you should look around . 
  * civilians are suffering because war * bomb them * ????? 
  * freedom american logic, 
  i would love other european countries more as interesting strangers without being tangled in their everyday drama . 
  this is why czech and slovak relations are so great since the dissolution . 
  yet another example of finish manipulations with meme market, 
   referendum based on ` real facts ' regardless of everything else , how he wants to make referendum based only on real facts ? 
  the second referendum triggers exactly the same amount of propaganda , probably even worse . 
  this , i do n't understand people who fetishize referendums and direct democracy . 
  with all respect to voters intelligence , you just ca n't expect that common people will study international treaties or complicated legal documents . 
  nice or munich are n't global cities by your shaky definition and were attacked , while warsaw or prague were not .
