  well that works out well for me !, 
  have any of your tried to speak french or german with a heavy irish accent ? 
  believe me it 's as hard as it sounds, 
  do they really want to join the eu at all i wonder because they seem to be proving the people that dont want them in right a lot recently, 
  it would probably mean more if it came from a different european newspaper , our own newspapers are obviously going to be biased, 
  it is definitely possible if ireland , wales and scotland are able to compete at the highest level on this hemisphere despite having small population size . 
  also rugby in ireland is only the 4th most popular sport so it 's not like we throw all our resources at it, 
  let 's be honest why would they need protection ? 
  i ca n't imagine iceland having any enemies out there, 
  we have had flag riots now it 's time for some map riots !, 
  i know you just phrased it as `` uk bailed out '' and i was just saying that in irish media it is reported as more of a german bailout . 
  whether that is right or wrong i 'm not 100 % but that 's just how the media reports it, 
  we always give the credit for the bailout to germany here , i tried looking up reliable numbers each country committed to the bailout scheme so far but have n't had much luck, 
  i 'm surprised ireland is n't receiving more from the eu ( relative to our small population ) what with all the bailouts, 
  sarkozy brought it up and let 's say it was less than appreciated , no irish government could get away with changing it however and they know it, 
  is n't your whisky just called scotch or are they two different things ? 
  the content on r/ireland can be quite good despite the small size, 
  it 's my opinion on it , i looked at many of the comments on international forums regarding abortion and even countries that we would view as much more conservative than us thought that pro-choice is reasonable . 
  i could n't help but think why so much disparity on this issue between ireland and most of the west, 
  cultural catholicism is still very very strong . 
  abortion in ireland is still an extremely touchy subject and even the type of people who would normally support pro-choice do n't want to bring up the subject ( like guns in america ), 
  chaotic would certainly be a word i 'd use to describe it . 
  he was experimenting with his stream of conciousness style at the time so even native english speakers have many what the fuck moments with his work, 
  ulysses by james joyce its the type of book where you will pick something different up everytime you read it . 
  poor girl how can some people be so cruel, 
  i take it he means english spoken by the irish which most of us use, 
  a posh english accent on the ladies is very appealing probably because it is so different to my own, 
  i 'd love to know who downvoted you for that it 's a ridiculous thing to get embarrassed about , a family is a family im sure everyone got the point of what he was trying to say by showing the photo . 
  it should be orange but some people use gold instead if they are uncomfortable about what the orange represents, 
  i think your all a lovely bunch of lads, 
  an immature person would bring up wales romantic relationships with sheep as pay back but i would n't do that to you buddy, 
  i feel a little ashamed for knowing as little as i do about other european countries politics and socioeconomics, 
  my comment was meant for comedic effect, 
  i 'll stick to my i.t work thank you it pays better and i get to reddit more, 
  wrong part of ireland , you could raise a pirate flag over dublin castle and no one would give a fuck, 
  i have a morbid fascination about what would happen if they did leave , the fallout of it would be interesting, 
  spend a weekend in kerry it will change the way you view humanity, 
  i have seen people kick themselves in the face when they are too enthusiastic about tying their shoes , we should n't judge the dolphins too harshly, 
  their is hardly even eye contact unless you 're both piss streaming drunk , the irish people would of long ago become extinct without alcohols intervention, 
  the british are historically used to being the leader in any union it is probably just hard for them to accept their decreasing power . 
  statements like this will just make things worse , we should be reminding them what they can gain from staying in the eu not what they will lose if they leave . 
  i have a bad feeling that in 20 years the irish will will be there on a peace keeping mission protecting people from the very men they trained . 
  it would be better if they trained them in reading/writing and other life skills . 
  sounds like an episode of 24, 
  maybe i 'm just naive but i 'm amazed an eu country can get away with this . 
  does n't it undermine the whole union if some of the member states only pretend to be democratic, 
  ah the irish are n't as poor as i thought we 'd be , everyone here spends every second reminding eachother why we are all fucked so i was expecting far below average . 
  what worries me is other countries who will lose out because of this may respond in kind ,, 
  ireland uses them as well, 
  called skangers , scumbags or knackers here . 
  knackers is also a term for members of the travelling community . 
  all of them are very derogatory and i would n't suggest calling anyone that . 
  they could of easily taken us but there was nothing here to warrant the effort it would take them . 
  that 's exactly my point a country with mass immigration ca n't be too critical of others doing the same, 
  perhaps but what i 'm saying is that it would be hypocrisy for a country with widespread immigration to be critical of people trying to do the same . 
  that hypocrisy is not unique to poland we have it ourselves but poland was the example in the post so i went with that, 
  surely they feel some kinship with their countrymen who left though ? 
  i know lots of irish went to australia during the recession and its not like i view them as some separate group independent of the irish who stayed . 
  that 's why i feel it hard to say anything against the immigration of the syrian refugees as my own people have been doing it for hundreds of years and hypocrisy is a particularly unappealing trait . 
  once again it 's not a threat the polish here have integrated well and made a home here just trying to show how it may make people feel if the shoe was on the other foot . 
  i was n't referring to poles in general but the people directly involved . 
  there are literally thousands of polish in ireland that stayed here even during our recession how would poland feel if we went out in the streets and demand they go home ? 
  i know its more complicated than that but ca n't hurt to put yourself into that perspective, 
  why do people never mention that some dup members were involved with the uvf ? 
  it 's always sinn fein and the ira but people need to realise if you refuse to deal with people with dirty hands then you ca n't deal with anyone in the north and neither the british or irish government as well, 
  could make life difficult we have a freedom of movement deal with the uk since long before the eu so them leaving could have an effect on that . 
  we also probably do more trade with them than we do with the rest of the eu combined so we would probably have to sort out some sort of deal there to . 
  housing bubble already burst that 's what our recession was, 
  i have no opinion to be honest . 
  i could point it out on a map but not much else, 
  do store owners regularly do this in turkey ? 
  i ca n't imagine a group attack happening in broad daylight without a massive police response . 
  bound to be some suspicions with all the trouble we had over the last couple of hundred years . 
  better to focus on how relations have improved so much within a generation which is amazing . 
  ireland is down for western and we were poor as fuck for pretty much 3 thousand years while spain and portugal were major world powers on par with the uk . 
  what alternatives did you think they had ? 
  probably take a few years to pick back up the austerity and recession have taken it 's toll . 
  maybe just do smaller repayments spread over a larger time ? 
  that way the amount is paid in full but the annual repayments would be more manageable . 
  i ca n't imagine it would be interest free though because if anyone in the future got into this situation they would expect the same and the eu would want to discourage that . 
  ca n't they see that these attacks only harden europe against them ? 
  fear leads to retaliation when you get to a certain point not surrender as they seem to think and if the french really decided to take the war to isis they would all be dead men walking . 
  this is my first time hearing of it maybe it slipped the more english speaking countries, 
  you would all hate the irish so being late is factored into everything outside of work and sometimes even that . 
  for example if i invite my friends to a party at 8pm i 'll probably really mean 8.30 but say earlier because i 'll fully expect everyone to be late . 
  i think ireland 's situation has shown that it can be very very handy . 
  the benefits of having a strong diaspora in multiple other countries can grant you a lot of political capital and tourism funds in the future . 
  in short just because they leave home does n't mean home leaves their hearts and you 'll still benefit from them . 
  ahh thanks for explaining . 
  is it similar to the u.k where they are all british but have independent nationalities within that like scottish and welsh or do they just feel like an entirely different region all together ? 
  well not really cowardly how many stupid wars have their been in the last 50 years would we want any part of them, 
  god i hope it gives us all super powers like in heroes, 
  and there is a stronger chance you 'll have to deal with them after the next general election than there is us havibg to deal with ukip, 
  that 's just how he always looks to be honest, 
  probably the only election other than our own that people follow here . 
  trump gets talked about the most but that 's because he says the most headline grabbing stuff . 
  to be fair sinn fein does n't really want to have relevance in the uk . 
  everything they do is aimed towards a united ireland, 
  to be fair it was n't always that way the americans only stopped giving us shit when the irish-americans started getting politically powerful . 
  to be fair tipperary town has always been grim i ca n't imagine any political party helping with that .
