  kilkenny is also the most hated because of the success at gaa . 
  also all the stupid jokes that some people in the uk use about the irish are all turned into kerry jokes here . 
  disgraceful carry on i honestly ca n't comprehend how someone can go out and do things like this to another human being . 
  the map was made in 1918 so i 'm impressed they did n't separate them totally . 
  it is human nature after all to want to distance yourself from the enemy so it is easier to view them as monsters and not people , still happens today in more subtle ways does it not . 
  i would say going very very far back they would of but within the last 300 years immigration to ireland was done through plantations for political reasons and even then they were minor everywhere except the north . 
  ireland has been inhospitable until relatively recently so i just ca n't imagine germans moving here for a better life . 
  all that being said i 'm not one of those irish people who believe we were a celtic only island or any such nonsense . 
  i agree i meant that we are a mongrel people and to use predominantly anglo saxon coloring seemed more a political choice to me rather than an honest description of ethnicity . 
  i think perhaps they overstated the strength of anglo-saxons in ireland but based on the year the map was made that makes sense, 
  i find this stuff fascinating ireland is the direct opposite of this i would say most places outside of busy town centers people will smile or salute at complete strangers, 
  what are your opinions ? 
  feel free not to answer if you do n't want to of course i 'm just curious i 've only ever really heard irish people talk about our history and never got a foreign perspective, 
  many streets are still named after gladstone here so the work he put into trying to help did not go unnoticed, 
  do any of us actually know what we would define what those culture/attitudes as ? 
  i 'm generally not sure maybe i think being european is one thing and someone else thinks it 's quiet another, 
  lads i know went more for the craic than anything else, 
  culturally i belive we are far closer to the likes of the uk , us.canada and australia than any european country because we had a hand in shaping these countries . 
  however the irish aspire to be closer to europe because it gives a sense of being part of something greater and it has done wonders in progressing ireland socially and economically, 
  even though the flag was designed that way it has come to represent the republic now and that ostracises some of the people of the north, 
  interesting theory but malta and luxembourg also do n't get a an an and they are not close geographically or in terms of history so it must be something else . 
  i have a theory it is because the source of the words themselves are related to a god which would make them irregular nouns and change the rules , for example eire comes from the name of a gaelic goddess called \u00c9riu . 
  i 'm probably wrong but thats the only answer i can think of, 
  my irish is extremely rusty and my knowledge of irish grammar is even more so but i believe adding a h to a noun after `` an '' means the noun is feminine . 
  there are a whole host of exceptions of course but i do n't think they apply to an fhrainc since it does n't start with d , t , s or a vowel . 
  hopefully someone more qualified to answer will come along and correct any mistakes, 
  albain for scotland , wales is an bhreatain bheag ( meaning little britain ) and england is sasana, 
  i was talking about fundamental differences not silly dietary preferences . 
  i meant things like attitudes to women or gay rights things which can vary depending where on the world you are from . 
  i did n't agree with the initial comment or the reply does commenting on a comment thread mean that you agree with everything that came before it ? 
  i agreed with the sentiment that people move for many reasons and it 's fine to hold on to your own culture but i felt that the burden to adapt is on the people immigrating not on the country that they are immigrating to, 
  i was responding to a comment and not the article though was n't i ? 
  of course if its not illegal then its not an issue is it ? 
  i was referring to when it ** is ** illegal but still considered part of the group in questions culture, 
  i wasnt addressing the issue of khat but more about whether people should be able to do something because it is part of their life and culture or whether they should adapt to the current culture of the country they chose to move to, 
  yes they have a right to say what they will yet if it is illegal they must follow the law , sure they could give out about it as much as they like but if you are in a country you should follow the local laws similarly like i would n't go to saudi arabia and start strolling down the road with a pint in my hand despite how harmless i think the act is . 
  but expecting other countries to bend to your way of life is also foolish, 
  the uk probably learned the hard way in ireland that if you keep putting this stuff off then people turn from democratic means to something else, 
  rather than saying they were not seen as white i would say we were seen as a seperate group within the `` white '' race [ here ] ( http://thesocietypages.org/socimages/files/2008/10/harpers1.gif ) is an example and there are many more where we are shown with pronounced brows/chins and generally more sinister and hairy looking . 
  i 'm slightly ignorant of the whole situation to be honest but would n't that go against the whole idea of self determination which i see as one of the pillars of what the eu is about ? 
  how could spain on one hand say they are pro democracy and so on yet deny people in their own country a right to vote, 
  the thing is almost every country in europe has this `` europe does n't give a shit about us '' mentality . 
  the uk think they are the outcasts , the germans think they are the scapegoat , the french think they get ignored and so on and so on . 
  but obviously all this ca n't be true or the eu would n't exist, 
  i 'm happy ireland normally makes our way into lists like this things can be real doom and gloom lately so it shows us our country isnt all that bad really, 
  not really irish hotels are over priced and drink here is surprisingly expensive despite the love people have for it, 
  everyone is still pretty miserable here anyway, 
  i think people poking fun at latvia can take a break for a few weeks, 
  we know he is obviously a big fucking hypocrite but i wonder what they think in russia ? 
  i imagine he keeps a tight grip on their media and what people know and think can so easily be influenced based on what the media report, 
  i think almost every country has some phrases that have negative connotations even if on the surface they appear relatively innocuous, 
  is there strong desire in spain to change how things are now with gibraltar ? 
  i have to disagree about it being a stunt to leave the eu , there are much easier ways to go about that which do n't involve potentially starting an international incident . 
  i would guess it is posturing but i know embarrassingly little about spains current political climate so ca n't guess as to why, 
  when countries have been warned again and again eventually it reaches a point where the british may feel obligated to board a vessel to show they are n't messing about and that 's when shit could get complicated , i 'd imagine tempers could potentially run wild during a boarding, 
  every system has its flaws we use proportional representation in ireland yet we have exactly the same problems , our country is lead by two parties which are divided more by history than policy and the smaller party that ends up in coalition always end up going back on promises they made to get their votes in the first place, 
  i would say it will take a decade to return to a boom but hopefully we learned our lesson this time, 
  i thought that was more piracy for slaves and cattle rather than settlements ? 
  also most the speakers of these languages now primarily speak and think in english and this leads to people trying direct translations which do n't work, 
  i would say it is a reflection on humanity in general rather than just the english , had ireland been the more powerful country we probably would of took a little trip over the irish sea ourselves, 
  even if they were hardcore nazi supporters they should n't of been shot dead , you ca n't counter hate by spreading more hate this will galvanize golden dawn supporters and give them their martyrs, 
  well by the sounds of it you wo n't have problems with foreigners starting businesses in spain anymore so none of this will be a concern anymore, 
  they do n't know i 'm amazed its taking so long to figure out , either she has been traumatized or garda siochana are really slipping, 
  to be honest i think one of the biggest reason i 'd like to see a united europe in the future ( not any time soon though we are n't ready ) is that no single european country has the balls to stand up to the americans but if we all joined together the power balance would n't be so tipped in the americans favour . 
  if i am being honest i did not have us pegged as a nation of rocket scientists, 
  i think we would be stupid to not think there were spies , i 'd also guess that they worked on a number of phone taps and the like particularly around the haughty era due to his involvement in a gun running incident, 
  roma would be called gypsies and `` tinkers '' , `` travellers '' or the derogatory term `` knackers '' would mean irish travellers . 
  they are irish but they are seeking to have a their own ethnicity acknowledged by the irish government which has n't really happened yet, 
  but dna checks show that these children are not related in any way to the parents and the paper reports that the there was no birth cert and the child was n't born in the stated hospital . 
  i agree with you about the need to avoid a witch hunt but if a business is going on around begging and using stolen children to help facilitate that then it must be cracked down on and the awareness created by these stories could help as long as it does n't degenerate into some sort of pogrom against the roma, 
  people empathize more with people the stronger that they relate to them which is why little blonde white girls going missing sparks such a strong response because millions of parents in europe also have little blonde white children . 
  this is human nature i 'm sure in africa people would react more strongly to a little black girl going missing, 
  true but i mean in a very official way i 'd say police will be taking note of how many children are in a family incase there are any sudden additions, 
  something tells me that the roma wo n't be able to go anywhere without hundreds of people keeping an eye on them for the near future, 
  why blonde children ? 
  provide evidence of totalitarianism please , you ca n't make a claim like that without backing it up with evidence . 
  brehon law for life bitches, 
  social welfare the government says if they lower it then it will encourage people to get jobs while in actuality it will cause an increase in emigration which is what they are really counting on . 
  they do this a lot like when they recently reported a decrease in the live register but failed to point out it was because thousands are forced to leave . 
  if you will reread what i said you will see that i provided no solutions because i ca n't think of any if i 'm being honest , i just said that some form of check needs to be in place or it will end up hurting the people who desperately need the help in the first place . 
  hardly idiotic just a statement of fact, 
  the system is perhaps not perfect but they do have to check somehow , if they let in too many people faking it then many people who are genuinely in trouble and need asylum may not be able to get it because quotas are filled . 
  that may seem unfair but if life was fair they would n't have to leave their country in the first place, 
  you would like to think that politicians would be the sort to think before opening their mouths but it would appear not, 
  it 's definitely a difficult issue for some eastern european countries on one hand they want to move towards europe which would grant them a chance to have more trade options and subsidise infrastructure but on the other hand they need russia for fuel or whatever . 
  imagine if ireland and the uk took two completely different paths to the eu that would create a shit load of problems i imagine that is also similar to the russia/ukraine problem, 
  i think the reason they us it was because harpists and musicans in general were thought highly of in ireland going back hundreds of years ago . 
  it 's first official usage to represent ireland was in 1534 on a coin commissioned by king henry the viii i believe so it definitely has the history . 
  that 's the silliest thing i have ever heard the scandal would be 5 times bigger if he was gay . 
  i imagine most politicians that are gay are afraid to come of the closet for fear of what the electorate would think . 
  i can only think of two gay irish politicians but statistically there must be more, 
  i noticed a lot of users here are getting s&d myself included although to be honest i 'm not entirely sure what their manifesto or stance is, 
  certainly a tenacious fellow anyway when one country finally gets rid of him he tries to jump host like some sort of parasite, 
  except as early as 20 years ago some of your citizens went on a bombing campaign because they did n't want to be british . 
  when two groups with a strong sense of nationalism collide you get sparks, 
  when ireland first declared independance russia was one of the few countries that acknowledged it , admittedly this was quite some time ago but still i give russia its credit for it, 
  my word george is a very verbose fellow is n't he, 
  to be fair its not just the brits a lot of irish people kind of feel on the edge of everything as well , not really european but not falling in line with british thinking either . 
  probably a mentality that come from living on an island, 
  at least colin firth can make me swoon,
