  some russians do want the name and others do n't so have a vote to see which side has more support . 
  english is the prevalent language because of american media/influence not because of the uk being in the eu . 
  your culture permeates everything as of late ( music , film , media ) but i would n't call it control just influence . 
  we also copy the uk a lot here even if people wo n't admit it so it 's not a unique phenomenon . 
  sadly enough we hear little to nothing about other europeans music and film culture . 
  do n't forget hordes of spanish students wondering around during the summer . 
  why they come here to learn english is beyond me because the irish pretty much ignore all the rules of the language and invented their own to replace them, 
  you could go into any community and find loads of heroin ? 
  i somewhat doubt that, 
  jedward begs to differ, 
  well when the economy goes to shit people always blame politicians and i 'd imagine italian ministers are getting asked why are things getting cut and they say it 's because it 's an eu mandate to cut costs . 
  people ask a question about how a potential federation would take place at least 4 or 5 times a month on this subreddit so it is on peoples mind, 
  both ireland and italy count in it, 
  why is belgium so high considering it 's a relatively well off western country without a tradition of honorary suicide like japan ? 
  sad to see so many european countries in the top 20 . 
  not that any suicide taking place anywhere else is less tragic of course but i would of liked to think we had the support systems to help stop such things . 
  why would n't they rank higher exactly ? 
  not to sound like a dick but i 'd visit uk , portugal and spain before i would france and switzerland . 
  similarly to how ireland has one of the biggest banana companies in the world yet we have never grown a banana, 
  sorry i meant in the uk in general not scotland specifically . 
  does the irish language have any official status there ? 
  i would imagine not because it would upset a lot of northern irish unionists and the nationalist community do n't engage in westminster politics anyway . 
  the whole thing has been treated as a piss take here for the last decade or so but i suppose the campness of the whole affair has become part of its charm . 
  ca n't imagine the military union working out we disagree on too much it would invariably cause friction if say 20 states wanted to go to war and the rest did n't but on the same hand a unanimous vote would n't work because it would make a military too slow and indecisive, 
  i agree there are certain issues where countries wo n't budge no matter how hard the eu pushes . 
  i remember a few years ago sarkozy mentioned the irish should increase corporate tax rate and everyone here got angry fast which is unusual for the irish . 
  i 'm suprised ireland is so high considering we are relatively new to immigration compared to the rest of europe, 
  and ireland us island countries always get screwed lately even if they have good acts . 
  do n't even think we want to win anymore anyway we are too skint to host it . 
  in ireland a designated time is just a loose suggestion if someone says come at 8 then people will turn up at 8.30 . 
  i find it a bit sinister actually it 's a with us or against us mentality which could be dangerous if it kept progressing . 
  it would be interesting to see a serious one of these with european relationships with russia, 
  what is the timeline in which you would want to accomplish this ? 
  because it would take about 100 years before the irish would even entertain the thought of re-unification with the uk . 
  jesus some neck on them anyways . 
  chances of getting 28 states to ratify membership would be slim , i imagine the spanish would vote against in order to send a message to there own separatist groups . 
  well we all know that they build a great society but from what i know of them personally they tend to be more reserved than what i 'm used to also very well dressed . 
  sinn fein is receiving a boost here and although they are n't full on eurosceptic they are less euro friendly than the other parties . 
  the posts are generating responses why delete them ? 
  if people find them annoying just ignore them it 's not like they are offensive . 
  having a larger economy alone would mean nothing it 's whether they wished to be more involved in the eu that would make a difference . 
  you got ta admit they added a shit load to modern culture . 
  we are all here speaking english after all . 
  i can understand the fascination most of us here are pro-eu so obviously we are going to be wondering what these people we are trying to get closer to think of us . 
  online is a nice casual way of doing it as well doing it in person could be a bit confrontational . 
  to be fair the british did a shit load of stuff over the years so it 's not surprising they were n't able to cover irish topics in detail . 
  you see the irish are as european as the germans are yet we are the complete opposite i know some lads who look like they fell into a skip of clothes and rolled out with whatever they found first so when someone says she looks european that means nothing, 
  well most countries in europe are as different from eachother in terms of fashion or way of carrying themselves as they would be from canada or america so it would be impossible to know what they mean if they just say european . 
  good friday is one of the biggest piss ups of the year anyway everyone goes drinking just because it 's the one day your not supposed to . 
  with all due respect if you have flashes of anti european sentiment what are you doing in a european subreddit so ? 
  that 's like saying videogames annoy me so il go to / r/gaming and tell everyone, 
  it was a poem lampooning the idea that white people have an obligation to rule over , and encourage the development of people from other cultural backgrounds until they can take their place in the world . 
  that 's bullshit it was imperialism and greed that made britain take control of india not some sort of humanitarian mission . 
  take up the white man 's burden and reap his old reward : the blame of those ye better , the hate of those ye guard -- the cry of hosts ye humour ( ah , slowly ! ), 
  toward the light : -- `` why brought he us from bondage , our loved egyptian night ? '', 
  is one not an extension of the other in some ways though ? 
  i often find people giving out about governments but they it 's not like politicians are lizard people they are as much products of our society as any of us . 
  i realize russia is exactly the most democratic country in the world and may not reflect the views of the comman people totally but at least some of the stuff must have popular support . 
  i agree an attack on sweden and finland would destabilize the region and have serious knock on effects for the rest of europe so countries would help defend them even without a treaty because it is in their self intrest . 
  maybe it is n't as insidious as you think it is ? 
  people are allowed to have different opinions if people with pro russian views are silenced what would that say about us ? 
  does that mean ireland gets scotland if it leaves the uk ? 
  ah yes one step closer to our world domination plans, 
  the polish tend to be catholic to and some of the more extreme elements of unionism ( a minority ) do n't like catholics at all so they probably feel closer to the irish over that . 
  now is not the time did you see what happened recently over a flag ? 
  if ireland was re-united i have no doubt the uvf would make a big come back at least in this point in time . 
  no point looking back on the past too much if it was n't the english it would of been the french or the germans or the spanish that 's just how shit rolled back then . 
  might sounds harsh but i 've never even heard wales mentioned when it comes to that stuff . 
  then again the english get all the blame for any bad stuff that might of happened over the years so thats not too bad for ye . 
  true but like you said it does help and i thought it would be a factor that should n't be ignored . 
  as an aside i see too much homogeneity as a bad thing it makes society go stale, 
  well getting 5 million people to agree is bound to be more easy than getting 60 million people to . 
  plus countries like my own are far more homogeneous when i went to school out of about 700 children there were only about 5 foreign kids , admittedly that has changed recently . 
  we have to take into account realpolitik no sane people are going to get involved in a massive war after only getting out of one . 
  to be fair with such a small amount of space there is no way they could include everything so they aimed for more recent stuff . 
  anyone about to discern any meaning behind what the countries are represented as ? 
  you have to admit that having a foreign military around during a referendum makes the whole thing appear very suspect . 
  but an alliance was not what was suggested he suggested a unified eu military which would be very different . 
  an arrangement like that would n't work properly i think you would have too many countries pulling in different directions and military organizations need to be decisive or they arent worth much . 
  it really is a catch 22 for the germans but i feel only 3 countries have the capacity to take on a leadership role and of the 3 germany would be the best because it bridges a gap between west and east and is also the most economically powerful . 
  the french economy is n't doing too well and the british have a growing eurosceptic feeling so i do n't think they could pull it off . 
  many of those countries were running the show even before democracy came along though . 
  if they are smart they will wait about 5-10 years before trying something like this again . 
  europe is rattled as it is further aggression may galvanize all of the eu and change the nature of it from strictly political/economic to including military co-operation . 
  i take this as an additional kick up the ass to europe to remind us to get investing in renewable energies so as to cut foreign dependence on the import of oil/gas . 
  russia is really good at pushing but not too far as to warrant a military response . 
  say what you want about farage he is an impressive public speaker . 
  i do n't think clegg will do well out of this . 
  why does ireland fight ? 
  i wonder where this idea of ireland as a fighting nation came from i think we are an amiable bunch , large gatherings of irish people tend to turn into sing songs not riots . 
  cork is not a capital it is a state of mind, 
  i disagree with you here i find that many people have begun to disavow catholic doctrine but still believe in some sort of god . 
  i 'm not so sure many in northern ireland want to unite with the south yet it is likely that such a union would not be entirely in there favour economoically . 
  these things are complex and raw economics do n't explain them fully i find . 
  do you not even say thank you to the bus driver ? 
  or maybe that is just a thing here . 
  ireland also is not part of schengen yet no one questions our dedication to the eu project so i think its unfair to single out the uk here . 
  both countries have a very long history of disagreeing yet they have more in common than most countries i think that 's interesting . 
  i 'm a munster man myself so you are probably right there . 
  i think donegal wins it here some examples [ 1 ] ( http://thebananasandwich.files.wordpress.com/2011/03/ireland-travel-donegal-trimusical.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.donegalcottageholidays.com/towns/images/dunlewey.jpg ) [ 3 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/slieveleague1.jpg ),
