  my personal favourite is n't in irish but a hiberno-english word gowlbag, 
  i bet britain could call on a shit ton more allies than russia could though military budgets ca n't reflect that, 
  i think he just wants a buffer between russia and europe incase we ever fo become some sort of giant federation of states, 
  was n't there a case of irish fans singing the french national anthem at a match once ? 
  ca n't blame them i 'm humming it now, 
  ah my mistake i 'd say it 's just the improved diet so this is probably the first time in human history where people could get access to any type of food whenever they want, 
  i 've been noticing that kids have been getting taller , when i was in school most were about 5 ' 10 '' but recently when i walk past lots are over 6 foot most be the improved diet and some people have theories that the hormones added into food have been causing it, 
  to be fair polish soccer fans are 99 % lovely after the euros i did n't meet one person who said otherwise and it only takes one person to get the trouble started, 
  they want to go to russia and pick a fight ? 
  yeah like that had ended well for anyone ever, 
  interesting graph but it would be nice to see a few more eu countries added to the mix so we can get a broader view, 
  some people are just so ungrateful right ? 
  this is not true i once saw a pack of feral children chase a donkey through mid-day traffic with sticks while shouting `` come here to me you ya cunt '' . 
  90 % considers herself irish though i imagine the british would probably have more sway in situations like this, 
  definitely some truth to this they did send a turkey in a shopping trolley a few years ago, 
  jesus we complain that we do n't get many votes because we have no neighbors except the uk how must israel feel being down there all on their own . 
  on a serious note i think it because we are all part of a common broadcasting agreement that was made sometime after ww2 to promote european cooperation, 
  is there a reason why they would go ireland ? 
  i was surprised when i read that red hair can occur anywhere they even found tribes in africa where red hair occurs, 
  but this is strictly business ? 
  it 's not like japan is urging the uk to stay in the eu incase the anime business is ruined, 
  i think he argues that the uk would n't lose much business with the eu even if they did back out because the uk buys so much german and french goods . 
  whether this is factual or not now i do n't know just remember reading about it, 
  it 's absurd thats what makes it interesting in my book the fact that multiple people at home were so concerned over a story on the news that they went through the trouble of finding the number of the german embassy and ringing to say sorry, 
  i just thought it was funny i can only imagine what the poor telephone operator thought was going on, 
  i take pity on the poor country where that contest is held, 
  i would n't even make a case for ireland we are a very average looking people to say the least and all of you dress better than us, 
  politicians let this happen though even in a purely environmental and health and safety regard this is a bad idea, 
  let them off meet their hatred with indifference , the irish are trying very very hard to grow beyond old hatreds and attitudes and we ca n't let little things like this drag us back, 
  we ca n't catch a break lately it is our one week of summer but it is still depressing out, 
  i never can understand how irish people can have the cheek to slate other countries for immigrating considering our own history but then again your only trolling anyway are n't you greggy my old friend, 
  we like potatoes , dairy products , whiskey and excuses to gather in large numbers and sing songs, 
  is n't his wife british which gives him a claim through marriage ? 
  that makes things a whole lot more complicated , the british actually want to deport a number of extremists but ca n't due to the european courts, 
  if it was that simple i 'm sure it would of happened by now it is a hard situation to understand unless you live in it , i believe the best option is to encourage a shared northern irish identity because 800 years of history has shown that neither side can be pushed to decide, 
  [ irish soda bread ] ( http://i349.photobucket.com/albums/q371/d-k-photos/irish%20soda%20bread/irish-soda-bread10.jpg ), 
  does the ban on branding work though ? 
  perhaps just taxing fags more would help pay for the health services to deal with the problems and also encourage people to quit or cut down, 
  technically they are your countrymen, 
  i 'm not so sure about the tactical voting generally the best act pulls ahead anyway . 
  look at ireland we won more than anyone else and we only have one neighbour and they do n't particularly like us, 
  ah we all complain about people voting for neighbours yet we all do it ourselves anyway , i bet the uk are almost guaranteed between 8-12 points from us and vice versa that 's just the way of the world, 
  i 've always found it a bit strange that the uk has nearly always had an irish man presenting there eurovision . 
  terry wogan then graham norton after him, 
  they are n't going to the eu though it is more australia , canada and to a lesser extent the uk . 
  i agree with you on things being better than most places however, 
  i was young enough at the time and i remember being sad because some of the old irish coins had animals on them and i thought that was badass while the euro coins were quite plain . 
  i think the implications of a common currency were quite lost on me, 
  the irish were getting the shit kicked out of us at the euros and the fans kept singing the whole way through anyway to keep the players spirit up . 
  i ca n't imagine any other fans on the planet doing that, 
  you guys have some of the beat comedians on the planet so at least it is funny moaning, 
  i do n't really know any welsh people so i 'm not really sure how they feel about it . 
  any welsh people here have an opinion on it ? 
  nothing would happen in wales they have never been as rebellious as the scots ( perhaps rebellious is the wrong word but i ca n't think of another way to phrase it ) . 
  in n.i it would re-spark a united ireland debate and slightly scare unionists, 
  celtic brethren unite !, 
  they warned ireland that publishing a document critical of there human rights record may endanger adoption as well . 
  is that the new go to threat ? 
  surely we have many children needing adoption in our own countries, 
  ireland is a dark and scary place i would avoid it my friends , the beer is a lie, 
  depends who said it really if someone is from a country that irish people know fuck all about we ca n't really get angry if they make a innocent mistake . 
  it 's sad to see a language dying, 
  same in ireland i think it is unnecessary unless the police are going into a situation that they are certain there is danger . 
  it is also easier to approach someone if you know they do n't have a gun, 
  agreed there are no cultural , economics or historical links with my own country so we get very little in terms of news or cultural updates like we would for say the uk, 
  if you are having a competition buy our drink !, 
  we need the money, 
  do n't worry i 'm still here !, 
  i 'll keep the kettle warm incase anyone comes back, 
  the most popular thing our taoiseach did so far is close the irish embassy in the vatican so i would say we wo n't be known as a `` catholic country '' within a few years, 
  i think people respect his dedication that was so extreme that he was willing to starve himself to death , on a human level that captures peoples imagination, 
  like i said above i am not doubting the intellectual acumen of the british people merely saying that as a country i have always seen your major trait as the stiff upper lip or to put it better resolve in the face of adversity . 
  that 's not such a bad thing to say is it ? 
  i 'm not doubting that i 'm just saying certain nationalities have buzzwords that people apply to them and i thought intellect was an interesting choice, 
  are the british known for intellect ? 
  i 've always attributed the `` stiff upper lip '' as their national trait, 
  excuse you sir i will let you know that those `` mud huts '' as you call them are actually called crannog and they happen to be extremely effective at stopping marauding clans from making off with my cattle !, 
  and the ability to work in 6 metaphors about the weather into each and every essay . 
  do you mean are n't out ? 
  we left in 1949, 
  there was a discussion about this on / r/ireland recently everyone was wondering why we could join even though we are n't in the commonwealth, 
  it 's nice to be near the top of a list that does n't involve how cripplingly in debt we are, 
  it 's been raining here for the last week if the french are gloomy there then take them to britain or ireland for a week and they will be down right suicidal, 
  and so began the great potato war of 2013 !, 
  i am the most feared man in ireland , i own no less than 50 acres of land and a herd of 200 cattle ( and a few geese ) . 
  women from all over come to pay me respect but i am married to the land and no single woman can tame me . 
  back in olden times i 'd most certainly be made high king by now, 
  it 's not fair to directly compare ireland and greece since our problems stemmed from two very different things, 
  the irish revere the potato for it to be delivered in the mail like a common piece of cheese is sacrilegious, 
  when st patrick 's day comes this year and reddit gets filled with drunk irish jokes i want all of you to remember we are n't even in the top 5 !, 
  it 's moldovas turn now, 
  as far as i know most gaelic languages call england a variant of sasana or sasanaigh . 
  i think it came from saxons, 
  are things really that bad there ? 
  self immolation is i imagine one of the most horrific ways to die, 
  unifying armed forces is something i 'm against the countries in europe differ too widely on how to approach these types of things so it would invariably lead to infighting and a bloated bureaucracy if it unfortunately came to war somewhere . 
  wars are always controversial but can you imagine how controversial they would be if some of the countries involved wanted no part in it . 
  people are not defined by their iq however politics is more about perspective than it is about intelligence, 
  we all really like having tri-colours do n't we ? 
  we should all adopt the wales flag,
