the irish have met every single last agreement or dead line so far so i 'm sure you will have your money soon . 
  no one said that . 
  and no that 's not ireland in irish, 
  what 's with the condescension ? 
  could it possibly be that all europeans on a long enough time line come from similar cultures so it 's not surprising that some festivals recur ? 
  we all seem to have holidays around christmas and easter even before christianity for example . 
  statements like this help no one not only do they piss off sweden but it will also detract from israels arguments against recognizing palestine as the media will be concentrating on this comment instead . 
  ireland was a part of the uk for a good while and although the irish do n't like to admit it many of us featured heavily in their campaigns . 
  you may of heard of the duke of wellington who was field marshal during the napoleonic wars . 
  he was born in dublin . 
  can he not see that it is russian aggression that drives other countries to the west ? 
  you ca n't keep taking shits in your neighbors yard then act suprised when they start inviting someone else to dinner parties . 
  has fianna fail ever provided a good taoiseach actually ? 
  it 's a a miracle the party is still going we must be gluttons for punishment, 
  i wonder what would of happened if germany concentrated on attacking russia before moving on the west ? 
  i would doubt the western countries who try stopping him as they feared communism themselves . 
  lol, 
  either a overly wealthy posh git or a drug addict depending on if they are north or south of the capital . 
  the irish liked being considered different though , at least being considered different but not inferior anyway . 
  primogeniture 4 life, 
  because they have more power to throw around the uk or france saying they would stop russia would be taken seriously but the russians could probably take them the americans on the other hand have the best military on the planet and a population that is armed to the teeth . 
  what sort of sorcery is this ?? 
  ok i 'm gon na need you to explain that one cause i just ca n't see it, 
  not much all the doom and gloom the last few years have made irish people a little weary of spending too much . 
  that little friendship ended well for you did n't it, 
  ireland imports from the uk ? 
  plus why would it be a bonus that people do n't import from there ? 
  incorrect you forgot about the famous charles haughey `` tighten your belts '' speech, 
  i think our national broadcaster rte has to allow the taoiseach ( prime minister ) at least one national address a year . 
  it is very very rarely done though, 
  good attempt at a troll but over using the eire made it too obvious . 
  work on your subtlety and you 'd have rustled a fair few jimmies there my anglo saxon friend . 
  anyone who has ever been to uk and ireland will know that there are big differences in the people and how they act . 
  i terms of no difference culturally we have our own sports , language , different religious demographic , and differing outlook on politics . 
  but i 'd imagine there are still very strict laws in place against treason which joining a group like isis would certainly count as . 
  if i 'm being honest i would n't blame them one bit for spying on turkey did n't their leader recently come to germany and suggest to turkish people there that they should keep among themselves ? 
  i 'd consider that an action that gives germany something of a motive to spy . 
  irish by birth tipperary by the grace of god . 
  did n't help us, 
  i was referring in terms of culture not blood . 
  around that time the scotti tribes of ireland attacked western britain for slaves/stuff and some settled to the west of scotland . 
  that 's where the name of scotland and it 's people come from . 
  we pretty much got ignored by the romans which is why ireland is considered a celtic stronghold because our culture was n't overwritten by them . 
  when i said our i was talking about ireland and in that case it 's definitely true . 
  except we only share a land border with n.i and a portion of their population hate us . 
  think we ca n't count the country unless it 's connected by land, 
  i wish we had more neighbors all we got is the uk and the north atlantic, 
  i did n't mean to generalize just that old castles can be found in many european countries so they would n't interest them while to americans it 's something they might not see . 
  our theme parks/zoos and cities all pale in comparison to americans ones so the one thing we have to offer you is nearly 5000 years of history . 
  the blarney stone is just a stone though never seen the appeal myself one would think americans would prefer the rock of cashel or especially newgrange because i have found americans have a fondness for really old stuff, 
  you thought kilmainham was important because the leaders of the 1916 rising were held there so why not the gpo since that 's where the proclamation of independence was read and where the british shelled the rebels . 
  but how would foreigners know about that or why would they care ? 
  plus there are far more historically important places they could go to like the gpo . 
  i 'd say the 90 's to early 2000 's was our golden age we were the poster boys for how the eu can turn around a somewhat backwards country into one that regularly tops polls on standard of living/health/safety and happiness . 
  sure we fucked that up a little bit relative to the rest of our history things are still pretty awesome for us right now . 
  i never said they saw no combat just that the purpose of the irish army is not centered on battle but on peace keeping while other militaries are more built towards other purposes . 
  but peace keeping missions are different in that the main purpose of them is to help provide stability where as say the uk forces in iraq would actively seek out combat, 
  lets be brutally honest here though i 'd expect the average irish soldier is not expected to be as combat ready as those in nato countries and the like, 
  you mean the before time , in the long long ago ? 
  we mostly got naked ran into battle against each other then put the heads of our slain enemies outside our house as a warning , that particular tradition involved into the game of hurling over time . 
  i sometimes wonder if foreign people here are insulted by the incessant renaming we do of people to suit ourselves . 
  any polish name greater than two syllables will be renamed and any african or asian name will be altered no matter how easy it is to pronounce, 
  ireland is n't though you ca n't get more western than us, 
  but stupid people also say stupid things like what this moron said, 
  i like to compare the eu to a group of people connected with ropes tied around their legs if they do n't decide to do something together then nothing will get done at all . 
  how can we decide which direction to head if we have people heading in opposite directions ? 
  the sad thing is i ca n't think of a solution it 's not like we can bully other states into doing what we want . 
  sure france is a large country it 's not like a few fields being paved over would lead to an ecological disaster . 
  ca n't understand these people, 
  same in ireland there are people who are against non renewable energy but are absolutely against the building of wind farms cause they might upset them on the drive to work, 
  they routinely burn polish flags as well so i would n't suggest it . 
  these are also not the sort of people to recognize that their are other eastern european countries other than poland as well, 
  they hurt their own cause by doing by this i do n't know how they do n't see it . 
  i do n't think its tourists that people worry about but just our reputation for our reputations sake , i think deep down a lot of irish people desperately want people to like ireland perhaps it 's because we were generally looked down upon for 500 years or so . 
  ca n't say for sure of course i 'm no psychologist . 
  goway the amount of playing up people do so as not to embarrass ourselves in front of foreigners is ridiculous . 
  after the economic fallout one of the main reasons not a single riot at all took place despite all the other economically fucked countries doing it was because we did n't want to `` damage our international reputation '' . 
  even recently with the stupid gareth brooks fiasco the first thing the media said was again was our international reputation will be damaged like the rest of the world could give a fuck about irelands concerts . 
  there was a legal guarantees given by the european council in june 2009 which confirmed that the eu 's security and defence policy does not affect or prejudice ireland 's traditional policy of military neutrality . 
  irish troops will not be deployed to any conflict zone or csdp mission , without what is called the triple lock of , un authorisation , and government and d\u00e1il approval . 
  i 'd imagine all neutral countries have similar deals so they can engage in peacekeeping without the eu becoming nato 2.0, 
  which is funny considering many of these regions were looking for independence before people even knew america existed . 
  it was a celtic festival so it 's probably been going on in parts of scotland a long time before the american media got their hands on it . 
  halloween was originally a celtic festival they called it samhain at first and i think it got merged/fucked up with the christian all saints day . 
  samhain is also the name of the month of november in irish and probably the scottish gaelic language as well . 
  what should be they of done so ? 
  not trying to make a smart ass comment here but i find many people come out and say things are wrong but offer no other solutions . 
  it 's the rule of two you can only have a master and a student . 
  da whest as well, 
  perhaps not related to this post but i have noticed that a lot of my fellow irish people gladly call ireland `` a shit hole '' and other pleasant terms yet have never lived in another country or travelled anywhere other than to tourist enclaves in spain . 
  in terms of quality of life i genuinely believe we have a lot going for us . 
  yes it would, 
  it 's relative to size and economy otherwise how could 6 million irish compare to 600 million americans, 
  northern ireland not the rest although i 'm sure we are n't saints either we have never fallen that far, 
  no politician here will touch it because it 's suicide for them and their entire party . 
  corporate tax here has nearly becomes a sacrosanct thing that should never be touched and any foreign designs on it is met with extreme hostility . 
  i would imagine she did as she says in her reply that she is glad that scotland was shielded from the damage done to health care/education . 
  i think the increased stigma against smoking lately is a good thing it makes it less appealing to kids and in the long run saves multiples lives and the government millions in health bills . 
  i have also noticed more and more people trying to quit . 
  well is n't that kind of resonable ?
