you 're strawmanning . 
  the argument is that the uk is out voted more often than any other country , so the eu is less representative of british views than any other country . 
  that a reasonable reason to think about leaving . 
  i do n't understand the sneering attitude from many in europe , surely brexit is the best situation for everyone . 
  the uk gets what it wants , and lives and dies by its own decisions ; the rest of europe does n't have to deal with us whinging when we 've got a contrary opinion to the rest of the continent . 
  the point is the uk gets their way less than everyone else , i agree that the uk has different views to many of the eu members which is why it is sensible for the uk to go it 's own way . 
  the uk is the country on the losing side of eu votes more often than any other . 
  http://ukandeu.ac.uk/explainers/uk-meps-lose-most-in-the-european-parliament/ https://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/nov/02/is-uk-winner-or-loser-european-council, 
  in a more limited fashion , and only for workers . 
  the point stands , free movement of labour is not necessary for free trade , see hk and singapore being obvious examples . 
  i did n't say anything about the impact of tariffs , and i 'm in support of universal tariff-free trade . 
  i was correcting the idea that tariffs on eu-uk trade would be 150-200 % . 
  that 'll be down to the negotiations between the eu and our next pm . 
  i would imagine they would have the right to remain living and working in the eu , and the eu nationals living in the uk would have right to remain living and working in the uk . 
  mass deportations of eu citizens out of the uk , and uk citizens from eu states would be rather ugly , and i think unecessary . 
  it 's strange how if the uk wants to trade with the eu we have to accept freedom of movement , that was n't a rule when we joined the eec , and it 's not a rule we enforce with any other trading partners , and it was n't a rule of the trade agreements with other countries that we gave up to join the eec . 
  free movement of labour will not happen , unless our next pm decides to go against the wishes of the population . 
  what the brexiters are saying is , that is off the table , now we should work out what is the best deal we can do for both parties with that in mind . 
  the public have already rejected hannan + johnson 's suggestion of eea membership akin to norway . 
  whatever form future eu-uk trade takes , of course the uk will abide by eu regulations for anything we export , and the eu will have to abide by any uk laws for any goods it wants to export to the uk ; * that 's how trade works * . 
  our economy is fine , all that 's happened is a small number of forex traders misevaluated the chances of the uk leaving , and the shock of brexit and relative uncertainity added to the volatility . 
  this is still the shock of exit , there is no way of knowing what our economy will look like in 1/2/10 years time ; there 's certainly no guarantee that we 'll be worse off than eu members over the long term . 
  your predictions are laughable , most tariffs are around 1 or 2 % , with protected industries getting up to around 10 % . 
  why is an independant scotland or unified ireland worst case scenario ? 
  the position of the uk is to support self determination , if the scots or irish want to leave , that is their choice to make , and i 'm sure we 'll have a productive relationship if they choose to leave . 
  you lot seem to be going for bitterness and point-scoring rather than looking for pragmatic and mutually beneficial negotiations . 
  i 've not heard any credible person argue for that . 
  what would satisfy most leave voters is a mutually beneficial trade deal , mutual travel visas ( with no right to work or reside ) , and political independence to choose which direction we go from here . 
  the rest of europe does n't consider rotten fish food . 
  we are in agreement then . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'm pretty sure the uk govt . 
  would support whatever the gibraltarians want , whether that 's some kind of special relationship with the eu , annexation by spain , becoming part of the uk proper . 
  it 's up to the gibraltarians , if spain try and force something they can get to fuck . 
  if spain invaded gibraltar , against the wishes of the people , it 's 100 % that the uk would respond militarily . 
  and when they try to enter the uk , they will be returned to france . 
  again that 's not how borders work , they will never enter the uk because they will not pass through a border into the uk . 
  and again , the reason there are so many in calais is because france can not control it 's own borders . 
  they would still have to pass a border control to enter the uk , they would get turned away at the border , back into calais . 
  it 's not the uks fault that france is incapable of controlling who enters france . 
  if anything the jo cox murder helped the remain side . 
  by european courts being supreme arbiter of law in the uk ? 
  that 's not how borders work . 
  ... with better memes . 
  i think most brexiters are fully expecting a short term downturn in the economy due to the uncertainity of the current situation . 
  that does n't make it a bad decision . 
  big nige could take him . 
  the movement is just due to uncertainity , and is low volume . 
  the government have already stated nobody who has permission to be in the uk will be removed . 
  i 'd bet the house on you being able to finish your degree . 
  i 'd argue european peace was kept through common fear of the big bad , communism ; and proliferation of nuclear weapons . 
  a short term downturn due to uncertainity might not be bad if it 's followed by an increased level of growth over the following years . 
  even if you were certain that you might lose ~ # 100 per year , that might be worth it if other factors , like sovereignty , were more important than that # 100 to you . 
  have you considered that most leave voters are also anticipating a short term downturn ? 
  some might think the long term economic advantages are worth it , and some might think that the economic considerations are outweighed by things like the arguments about sovereignty . 
  migration vs total population is n't an apples to apples comparison . 
  foreign born population is more accurate . 
  a little over the top maybe ? 
  people are a dissapointment to humanity because they want self-government ? 
  you would n't feel sorry for the leave voters if remain wins ? 
  it 's the exact same thing and the vote is almost a 50/50 split . 
  you are jumping between different claims . 
  my objection was to your claim that the british empire was responsible for genocide . 
  i 've already stated my position on britain and ireland , i wo n't defend the british actions there , although i think they are * much * more nuanced than you are presenting . 
  still , the claim of genocide means you think that the british purposefully engineered a famine specifically to kill the irish , i 'm not aware of any evidence that supports that position . 
  the british were cunts in ireland , you do n't have to make bullshit exaggerations to support that stance . 
  my `` laughable '' comment was in specific response to the claim that the british empire committed genocide in india . 
  your first link is revisionist trash , and makes some very strong assertions without providing any evidence . 
  it has a clickbait headline about genocide and then provides no discussion of the genocide claim in the body text , it spends the majority of the article talking about famines and agricultural context from hundreds of years before the 1943 famine , and then rounds out the article by chastising churchill . 
  churchill was a dick but that does n't provide support for the claim that `` the british engineered the worst genocide in human history for profit '' . 
  your second link is n't even about the famine in question . 
  your third , you might as well be citing reddit posts , forgetting that half the posts disagree with your position , the ones that do are making vast simplifications at best or stating straight untruths at worst . 
  you are incorrect about britain exporting food from india , india was a net importer of food . 
  a large fraction of india 's food came from burma , so when the british lost burma to the japanese they lost some food imports , which exacerbated the poor harvest . 
  the initial cause of the famine was fungal infection of the crops which decimated the harvest , and the grain stores which would usually be relied upon in poor harvests were destroyed by cyclone flooding and tsunamis ( that also killed around 15000 bengalis ) . 
  there were also hundreds of thousands of refugees from the fall of burma which placed even greater strain on food supplies . 
  the government of india act had essentially made the indian provinces autonomous federal states with democratic elections , overseen by british governors , and under the centralised government of india ; these democratically elected governments followed protectionist policy which made it difficult to move food between states . 
  even when central government realised what was happening and forced the lifting of the protectionist policies , and tried to make other provinces send food , they refused ( some suggest that bengal being `` deliberately starved out by other provinces '' was down to religious tensions ) . 
  these provincial governments were corrupt , misreported the problems , and did n't follow the established famine protocols , and tried to blame each other for the failings . 
  there statistics available at the time on the amount of food being produced were inaccurate and inflated because of poor practice by the agricultural surveyors . 
  there were rumours in neighbouring provinces that bengal had a surplus , and that merchants were hoarding grain to sell on the black market , this made these provinces not want to sell the grain at the reduced price as demanded by central government ( as they thought they were getting conned by the bengalis ) , and it made britain 's initial response to be to fix it via the market and price controls . 
  bengal 's neighbouring provinces agreed to send a reduced amount of food , and then only fulfilled a tenth of what was promised . 
  when britain was asked for help , britain 's position was : * you do n't have any agricultural statistics that support the claim of an urgent need for food . 
  * your neighbours say you have a surplus and are refusing to send any extra . 
  * there are established famine protocols in place for india to deal with this problem , the government of india has dealt with previous famines this is not a place for the british government . 
  * we do n't have spare ships , due to german targeting merchant convoys in the battle of the atlantic . 
  our militaries who have requested urgent supply are only receiving a third of what they 've been allocated . 
  * we do n't have spare food , we are at war and britain is under rationing . 
  your claim that britain has engineered a famine with the express purpose of killing indians is so beyond wrong it 's hard to know where to start . 
  it 's irresponsible to throw around such huge claims without evidence , people who do n't know better or have n't read anything on the topic will believe you and repeat your nonsense . 
  britain has been pretty relentlessly cunty to ireland , but to call the famines genocide is a strong claim , and one that 's rejected by most historians and scholars . 
  britain 's relationship with india is much more nuanced . 
  what specifically are you talking about ? 
  there were never any large scale killings , except for the partition massacres but those were sectarian ( muslim vs hindu ) , and i think would only have been avoided with stronger british control of india , and stronger opposition to the muslim league . 
  if you 're talking about famine , which one ? 
  some happened before british control of india , many of them were caused by extreme climactic conditions ( el nino , crop failure for 4 successive years ) , for some more relief could n't be provided because of the german targetting of shipping in the battle of the atlantic , the latest happened after the british had granted autonomy , and democratic elections , to the indian regions . 
  regardless of which you are talking about , the genocide claim is laughable . 
  which genocide is the british empire responsible for ? 
  your list is pretty poor by the way . 
  the tories will be selling off different parts of the nhs to their friends , same as what happened with royal mail . 
  what was unfair about last time ?
