  of course some people that came to britain were basically criminals , but that should be dealt with by police and security forces , by increasing their budget . 
  the exchange of information between eastern 's and western 's europe police should be improved . 
  limiting the basic core of european union is not an acceptable outcome , we are an union after all . 
  how does wto have more power over intercountry trade than eu and japan does between them ? 
  the last one is hilarious . 
   danish thatcher vs. 
  member state ( with voting rights ) , the usa , and one of the largest corporations on earth danish thatcher backed by eu commission and eu parliament , and 27 member states , and apple competitors ( which are some of the largest corporations on earth ) vs. single member state ( with voting rights ) , the usa , and one of the largest corporations on earth guess who wins on eu matters, 
  how is it blackmail when eu agreed to visa liberalization back in march ? 
  texans see themselves as texans and americans as well . 
  after crimea everything is possible , but no credible politician will suggest russia is going to invade poland in the near future . 
  they 'd have to go by ukraine or baltics anyway , so we 're good ^ for ^ now . 
  it does n't look like that at all . 
  even if skirmishes broke out in dpr/lpr eu has very little to lose , because new ukrainian establishment is as reluctant to reforms as previous . 
  it is russia who is losing ukrainian people sympathy since the conflict started . 
  like ? 
  i thought everything was to be solved by brexit . 
  are most dual germano-turk citizens not educated in turkey , then later emmugrating to germany ? 
  and already outdated tho, 
  so you are saying that every syrian or iraqi citizen is a  medieval highlander , who shits in the shower and thinks that he can fuck any woman or boy he sees ? 
  you are immune to reason . 
  again if polish expatriots came back from e.g. 
  britain crime rates will go up . 
  but that is not a reason to not let them . 
  and that 's the claim you have to prove . 
  if 2 m poles came back from eu immigration , crime rate would go up too , should we discourage them from coming back because of that ? 
  mfw poland is crime-free, 
  i find hard to believe claims of / u/grenspa , so if we 're talking about sources i would like this one too . 
  we do . 
  what about french fighting in syria or mali or libya ? 
  it is they who lead those engagements . 
  damn , how can we get informed if journalists are basically engaging in political theatre ? 
  what has eu to do with this petition ? 
  what has eu to do with this petiotion ? 
  many other small states would never vote on kicking unilaterally greece , because they may end up in her spot in the future . 
  you got really defensive , that is what is cute . 
  you should hope it ' useful there . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  it 's better to compare eastern german states to southern italian or western and southern german to northern italian than spain to liechtenstein . 
  the problem i have with these kind of maps is inner country gdp growth inequality . 
  when i look at 1.9 % of italy , all i can think of is that northern part probably grew somewhat and southern got fell . 
  it is very hard , and not reasonable in my opinion , to compare germany , which is 80 m people country with luxemburg . 
  brexit is in the interest of the british establishment , not the eu one . 
  you have very little idea what you are talking about . 
  most economics today are based on keynes . 
  what mechanisms are you talking about ? 
  why would you be happy about halting ttip ? 
  uk , your move . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  of course roma people are insulted daily , but romanians are seen as very poor and disliked too . 
  most people do n't make distinction between romanians and roma anyway . 
  this referendum is not binding . 
  he 's trying to let the impact of brexit hit hard on people so few months into the future they remake referendum and stay in the market . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  it does , the party that wins parliamentary elections ( epp currently ) designates a juncker . 
  they even did few [ live tv debates ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhafgcpexes ) last time . 
  but they do n't have right to live the same way their parents generation did , do they ? 
  nah , we just need some more time and few eu trillions to achieve pax polonia . 
  ^ * do n't * ^ * tell * ^ * anyone *, 
  this is not for brexit supporters , but for undecided who may be persuaded by * aww * photos from around the europe asking british to remain . 
  that last shot at woman passenger ^ ^ * creepy *, 
  what about piercing baby daughters ? 
  should it be disallowed too ? 
  so you saying that leaving an union is not a wise choice economically speaking ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  and we opened our market to european companies with which our own could n't compete . 
  tariffs regulations . 
  right now eu has no tariffs on uk exports , this will change after brexit . 
  so you hope to end up with the norway or switzerland type of deal ? 
  the countries that have freedom of movement with eu ? 
  brexit camp seems delusional . 
  of course you can leave eu to curb immigration , which is a real identity problem from sociological point of view , but you have to admit that economy will suffer . 
  that 's the trade off . 
  [ uk trade according to wikipedia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/elappoo.jpg ) . 
  imports will be more expensive if you trade by wto rules , exports will be lower if you trade by wto rules . 
  eu will probably enact ttip with usa of which uk wo n't be part of . 
  uk is not japan , which is trading mainly with china and us and will be soon under ttp and certainly you do n't want to be brazil , which is in recession , but you may end up as one . 
  we will see , i ca n't wait on the outcome of the referendum !, 
  countries trade is determined by their geographical position in large part and you do n't have single successful european country outside eu . 
  like russia , ukraine , turkey or serbia ? 
  i 'm eu-federalist , but kinda want uk to leave , so we all can see what happens when you go isolationist way in 21st century . 
  in poland only children shows are dubbed , everything else has voice-over , which is shitty but probably better than dubbed . 
  i 've watched ` allo ` allo ! , mr bean , keeping up appearances and benny hill when i was teenager , but liked only the first one really . 
  get used to talking with people who have no clue but very vocal opinion . 
  they are in control in poland too . 
  - ez will further integrate , whether poland is part of this is up to polish people . 
  - pis will yield to european commision , because 80 % of poles want to stay in eu . 
  - catholic church ca n't impose anything on polish government , they tried that will full abortion ban and failed . 
  - as an outspoken atheist i am really triggered by ` the polish church is in bed with onr ' because it 's bullshit . 
  polish cc has many faults but being in bed with them is not one of them , sources dude . 
  they had like one onr ( far right organisation ) sympathizer and banned him from speaking asap . 
  you seem to think that kaczynski is some bad book evil character , without depth , you could n't be more wrong . 
  [ - it is known . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foqupiwmiom ), 
  half truths are lies . 
  he came to power in 2007 , and guess what happened in 2008 ? 
  what do you mean by she bypassed the council on turkey deal ? 
  it was signed by tusk , not by merkel . 
  how do you know who she did or did not consult before inviting refugees to germany not the eu ? 
  she is german chancellor after all .
