  even at $ 100 oil is cheaper than renewable . 
  realistically it 's not so easy to say what percentage of relations with germany is what emotion , it depends on government in power . 
  civic union 's stance is pro german ( pro-european ) and law and justice 's is pro american ( anti german , anti russian ) . 
  so last few years we had very good relations with germany , cu is part of epp ( just like merkel 's cdu ) , laj is part of ecr ( like cameron 's tories ) . 
  now we will have worse relations with european partners . 
  moreover laj mps do n't feel like we are part of european union , but like it is some foreign entity in brussels govern by germans , so they will be hostile to any criticism coming from eu . 
  president of european council is former polish prime minister donald tusk , member of cu , and polish commissionaire in eu is el\u017cbieta bie\u0144kowska , former minister in cu government and that amplifies law and justice 's feeling of seclusion from eu bodies . 
  i think it 's normal pis ' anti-german rhetoric . 
  this letter to germany 's foreign minister is posted on our msz front page , there is not any mention about letter after paris ' attacks , so you can logically conclude that they did not send any letter regarding latter attacks . 
  ianal , but we have it the same way in poland, 
  do they really ? 
  i 've thought that almost all bigger countries are indebted in their own currency . 
  but the free space is mostly in eastern , underdeveloped poland , and i am skeptical that ukrainians go eastern poland . 
   btw i ve seen a study that was saying that the majority of vegetarians eat meat when they are drunk.have you ? 
  :p   yes . 
  i thought it was just a third though . 
  what 's just happened here ? 
  i do n't get it , talkin bout greek airports then some most random exchange i 've seen in long time . 
  [ stop with this disinformation . 
  ] ( https://www.imageupload.co.uk/images/2015/12/12/12360196_755962771214205_4316456402322391526_n.jpg ), 
   article 139 the president of the republic shall have the power of pardon . 
  the power of pardon may not be extended to individuals convicted by the tribunal of state . 
  according to your interpretation of constitution can president pardon a person who is prosecuted but not yet convicted by tribunal of state ? 
  i am really against your interpretation , why pardon not guilty person ? 
   as for the tribunal - the judges that were appointed would become judges only after a pledge . 
  pis pushed for its own judges ( which is n't that big of shock , considering that atm the tribunal is controlled by po , with po ex-politicians in it ) and president took the pledge from them first , so they became new judges . 
  tribunal has said that three of five judges picked by po were picked lawfully and president should take pledge . 
  i understand that this verdict is hard to accept , but it does n't change the fact , that this is how this system work . 
  they do not have constitutional majority , so stop pretending that they do . 
  they did n't even get majority of votes . 
  if prime ministers office publishes this verdict and andrzej duda wo n't take pledge from them , he will be put before tribunal of state by next sejm . 
  every opposition party is at least skeptical of what they are doing now . 
  we both can agree that actual number of protesters far exceeded expectations . 
  [ are you trolling or what ? 
  ] ( https://www.imageupload.co.uk/images/2015/12/12/12360196_755962771214205_4316456402322391526_n.jpg ), 
  how can you say that they are not braking law , when polish president does n't appoint lawfully elected constitutional court judges , and pardons not-yet-found-guilty minister , and prime minister 's secretary refuses to publish constitutional courts verdict ? 
  they broke constitution on few occasions already , they try to subdue justice system by making constitutional court prime judge elections every 3 years and making one eligible to more than one term ( thus he is dependant on parliamentary approval ) , by wanting to make minister of justice an attorney general . 
  they are threat to polish democracy . 
  this legislation would let you access french netflix while outside france tho , and it is better i think , because today you could n't access netflix poland while in poland , because we do n't have netflix . 
  even orban 's wife is not as long in love with him . 
  just over one month in office and they are committing constitutional delict . 
  i watched borgen , danish political drama , and now understand why frank underwood breaks fourth wall . 
  i would like to watch any other political dramas from other parts of europe , any recommendations ? 
  uber , bla bla car and similar are innovations , which offer much better service than traditional means of transport , and hopefully governments will not oppose them . 
  fun fact : for a year in 2006 ( during kaczy\u0144ski 's term ) , we had far-right minister for education , roman giertych , who removed gombrowicz from canon of books . 
  so polish nationalists looked through him . 
  are you a pole living abroad ? 
  else , how do you know so much about polish literature ? 
  most gays in poland are closeted as fuck , because poles we are really homophobic . 
  that 's a little different in big cities like warszawa , krak\u00f3w , wroc\u0142aw , but in smaller cities or on the country it 's damning to be openly homosexual . 
  this is because they have never meet any homosexual person and think in stereotypes . 
  homophobes nomen omen are just afraid of something they do n't know , it will change faster than you think . 
  korwin and kukiz ( with some rn members on his list ) will be natural coalition for pis . 
  i was baptized , went to communion and confirmation , will probably do church marriage . 
  i buy my family presents and eat with them on christmas eve , then go to midnight mass in local bar where i drink vodka with all my childhood friends . 
  i am a godfather of my nephew , whom i will see on 1st of november , an all saint 's day , because he 's from warsaw and i can see him only like once or twice a year . 
  i am an atheist , but almost every holiday in poland is catholic so i am a traditional christian atheist , moreover , i think christ was a cool dude , and fun at parties , so i do n't mind that . 
  is it average or median ? 
  because if its just average , then that 's / r/badstats, 
  poland 15 years back was the same . 
  i am voting po , their economic policies made crisis non existent for poles . 
  biggest shit they get is for putting 6 years old into school , which i think is very sensible policy and raising retirement age which is necessary because zus . 
  i really do n't get why they are so criticized . 
  * [ your roof 's on fire ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgq1tmqmsbs ) * [ polish in britain 's got talent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qim-w8ji9zq ) * [ grandpa prank ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdxvbije8co ), 
  what has changed in belarus ( if anything ) since ukraine changed course from russia towards eu ? 
  do you envision same thing happening to belarus ? 
  and a more down to earth question , how is your everyday life afected by eu-russia sanctions and cooling of relations ? 
  how many of us citizens is us ? 
  does it really matter more where one was born than what one thinks ? 
   english and welsh  probably, 
  i do n't know eastern much really , so cant ' put me head on that . 
  apply for visa , you will find western poland really great . 
  reasonable . 
  they have quite a lot of water around them . 
  she as an artist had every right to interpret polish national anthem in my opinion , i think today it would not make such a fuss in the media . 
  some of her [ songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieugxevnepa ) are just extraordinary, 
  i am , it really is a great place to live in . 
  few years back i overheard a tourist guide resolve a dispute between two from his tour about whether wroc\u0142aw or krak\u00f3w is more beautiful by saying that krak\u00f3w is beautiful polish city , but wroc\u0142aw is beautiful european city . 
  that did n't settle the argument between two guys though, 
  brexit camp was very vocal before referendum . 
  now they 've shut . 
  sanctions against russia are not a foreign policy ? 
  no they wo n't . 
  it will be the same case as immigrating to america , some time ago . 
  people from all over the europe immigrated there , from various countries , with different languages , families , customs and today they live in arguably the most developed country with immense international power to secure its rights . 
  real estate price inflation is good for those who want to sell their houses . 
  money gained from a sale could be used for investing to build new houses or starting a company . 
  and the thing making french or spaniard to consider immigrating will be that it almost makes no difference where one lives , in his home country or slovenia , or czechia . 
  the language barrier is more and more insignificant . 
  globalization leading to improving civilizations is a great human force pushing for the better , i think . 
  brain drain does n't suck for the east . 
  expats very often invest their money back into the maternal country , and east has still many institutional and structural problems that it has to take care of , their democracies are 25 years old , they are just entering an adult life . 
  and after that poland and romania will attract british , spanish or french too . 
  this massive immigration is due to the vast difference between standard of living in eastern and western europe . 
  this difference is shrinking every year . 
  in the internet era globalization is a fact , but it will still take some time before everyone accepts it . 
  because intraeu immigration is a good concept . 
  it makes poorer countries much better off , the people often invest their money in the country of origin , and for richer countries , they attract the most skilled immigrants from poland , romania . 
  engineers , and programmers , and doctors . 
  the culture is not so different too .
