it 's not even that they love the rule of a strong had , it 's just they do n't know anything else . 
  they are under constant propaganda that if you go full democracy there will be gays/prostitutes/narc addicts everywhere . 
  moreover you ca n't negate that putin changed a lot in russian economics . 
  people are much richer than before , and as long as economy will rise people can tolerate authoritarian government ( vide china ) . 
  i doubt it is . 
  iran was defeated by economic sanctions , so will be russia , just look at their currency . 
  also , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbuuw9i-mhs, 
  united states does n't leave their allies alone as history has shown . 
  and this whole war fear mongering is stupid af , no nato country can be attacked by any other nuclear power because it would mean third world war , which would mean the end of the world . 
  we are the same . 
  cameron rap video is golden . 
  [ polish equivalent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puvsker2whg ), 
   do n't put poland in the same lot with us scoundrels . 
  they 're central europe now . 
  it 's becoming your catch-phrase . 
  * euros - euro * 5 euro/euros - 5 euro * cents - centy * 50 cent - 50 cent\u00f3w * and - i, 
  is poland ready economically anyway ? 
  are those approval ratings made by russian poll stations reliable ? 
  all i know they may be a part of government propaganda . 
  football has broken ... 
   nord stream is operating since 2012 , actually, 
  polish will fight for freedom until you destroy them . 
  [ he 's called european youths ni ** ers . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/yabmj_5v0hu?t=38s ) poland stronk . 
  they still deserve human rights , just saying . 
  does hungary have article about separation of state and church in its constitution ? 
  state mandated textbook ca n't say that . 
  let 's not forget he is an `` ex '' fsb agent . 
  he may be pressured by his commanders who , as oftentimes are , can be pro-war . 
   i 'm seriously wondering what putin 's wargoal is . 
  he wants to establish satellite states between european union and russia just like he did with moldova ( transnistria ) . 
  hungary was ahead poland till 2011 ( data from world bank , 1989-2014 ) , but we have higher gdp ppp per capita now , so i would n't call your economic policies successful . 
  that 's not like boy and the bullies analogy you mentioned at all . 
  every country voluntary joined european union , and knew how decisions will be made . 
  there was voting so it was a choice . 
  of course you are wrong , you benefit enormously from customs union . 
  i will probably vote for po ( civic platform ) , because i really do n't want pis in government . 
  they are national socialists and i 'm really against that . 
  i disagree with / u/nieuchwytnyuchwyt , they are a litte euroskeptic in that they do n't want to give away more power to eu , but they do n't want to leave it either because they see obvious advantages in being in eu ( like 300 billion euro you mentioned ) . 
  moreover they probably know that nowadays eu is poland 's bigger ally than us ( some of their foreign experts acknowledge it , but only time will tell ) . 
  i 'm 100 % against pis ( law and justice ) but they are not like orban on steroids . 
  in 2009 they said they want to make poland like orbans hungary . 
  in 2011 they denounced him because he seemed like fascist , and now they prolly are orban lite . 
  would scotland inherit ruk 's place in unsc as a state successor then ? 
  the eu is that way because every member state has to agree to something before they act . 
  give more power to juncker , he would do quotas and donate to refugee centres in me countries few months ago . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's like trickle-down economics , which is not economics but political concept . 
  lazy finns should get their shit together !, 
  do n't get so defensive , it 's disscussion forum and he can say whatever he wants . 
  what are you , a commie , censoring others ? 
  first you take the responding officer name and badge number , then you go to the local media ( and if they do n't take your complaint aswell -  social media ) and public outcry gets shit done . 
  you are just after 7 years of huge crisis and you got used to that countries develop very slowly . 
  they 've agreed to strict reform measures , if they would not , or wo n't implement them , they get thrown out . 
  i mean since first free elections , not a single year . 
  it is !, 
  wroc\u0142aw will be european capital of culture next year . 
  but mentions constantly how much it does grow or contracts , so i like ireland-crossfiter comparison . 
  40 years is ok . we had almost 50 under communism and are growing now faster than ever . 
  but not only europe . 
  look at us elections . 
  in republican polls trump leads , in democratic sanders will give clinton a headache . 
  populists on the rise all over the world . 
  in wroc\u0142aw in trams and autobans ticket machines accept only debit cards , but i have n't heard any outcry . 
  you can still buy tickets in kiosks and machines at the stations with change . 
  people said that about uk and france probably too . 
  they say that russians somehow instilled fog with some high-tech secret weapon . 
  who the hell cares what islamists plan are . 
  they are nonsense first and foremost . 
  it 's not sad . 
  would you rather have them unemployed in greece ? 
  they are for sure more productive ** for greece ** when working abroad and sending their families money back home . 
  how can russia create frozen conflict on nato soil when the country in danger can plead fifth ? 
  `` i do n't have opinion '' ? 
  translate it for those of us that did n't pay attention during german classes , please . 
  google ca n't `` just '' shut down their french operation , because they may get spillover effect on the whole continental europe and that 's the risk they will not take and that 's the only reason they have implemented `` right to be forgotten '' in the first place . 
  where are you from , dude ? 
  that 's pretty awful even by polish standards , and actually looks like communist architecture i despise greatly . 
  let me guess , you vote labour . 
  poland : * pis - patriot socialists ( would call them national but hitler made that sound bad ) . 
  the party is led by jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski , twin brother of deceased former president of poland , lech kaczy\u0144ski . 
  they lead polls . 
  want to tax banks , big markets , give more children benefit , lower retirement age ( from 67 to 65 for man , 60 for women ) . 
  * po - christian liberals . 
  they govern poland for last 8 years . 
  they want status quo pretty much , no hasty changes . 
  party was led until recently by donald tusk , who is now president of european council . 
  * lewica - red socialists . 
  * kukiz party - centre populists . 
  where did you find transcripts ? 
  why would you grade that ? 
  they are both awful . 
  in poland you get jailed for promoting/glorifying communism or fascism . 
  not necessarily . 
  if there is no work it 's good that people move inside eu to countries where they can be employed . 
  would you rather have them not move and be unemployed in spain ? 
  and do n't answer with `` i want them employed in spain '' because that is not a real alternative today . 
  i do n't know how anyone would believe that france wants only those 6 countries in the eurozone government ? 
  they are trying to improve eurozone , not to destroy it . 
  it is france that insisted on that greece remains in the eurozone contrary to germany 's stance .
