  vanguard is something different from proposed eurozone government . 
  vanguard is to lead debate on further eu integration and it is natural that it should be led by ** founding members of eu ** : france , germany , italy , belgium , luxembourg and the netherlands . 
  the fact that something is not as wide spread as something else does not make it an abnormality . 
  only 1-2 % of people worldwide have red hair , would you call them abnormal ? 
  people haircolor varies , so does sexuality . 
  or give me some scientific sources to prove your claims . 
  i do n't get it , what 's the contecst ? 
  this particular policy may not work , but people get more and more used to buying music and movies online . 
  how settlers were culturally homogeneous coming from all parts of europe ? 
  have you ever thought why you do n't have an official language ? 
  yanis varoufakis voted against . 
  germany does n't run trade surplus within eu . 
  most of their surplus comes from trade with other than eu countries . 
  what about countries that are not in currency union , if they face default , should other eu countries help them ? 
  imagine uk or poland being in huge debt crisis , should germany or denmark help them ? 
   so far only the uk and italy have followed the eu rules on the matter provide source or i call bullshit this one , poland follows those rules aswell . 
  data debunks this stance . 
  in xix and even in xx we have had [ more severe busts ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/31/gdp_growth_1923-2009.jpg ) , [ more volatile inflation ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/20/us_historical_inflation_ancient.svg ) and much less understanding what 's going on . 
  really , the problem lies in experimenting , because macroeconomists just ca n't experiment on whole countries , we ca n't ill-advise governments just to see what would happen . 
  we do n't have much data yet , but with every year it gets better . 
  not in macroeconomics . 
  it 's macro , and the problem is we can not research without experiments , and experimenting on people is illegall . 
  microeconomics has very good foundations , but does n't get so much press time as macro . 
  if you ca n't fire employee easily , you will be very cautious about employing him in the first place . 
  i know that is harsh , and we would like the reality to be different , but that 's the way it is . 
  unemployment rate ca n't be so high so long , after some time people will leave spain to work in other eu countries or abandon looking for a job at all , thus wo n't be counted in official unemployment rate . 
  official unemployment rate counts only people who were searching for work in last 4 weeks . 
  you should tag your post with \\ s , because you may be misunderstood . 
  mam ci\u0119 ztagowanego jak napisa\u0142e\u015b przed wyborami prezydenckimi `` if komorowski wins though i swear on jan pawel i 'm giving up on politics '' . 
  be more specific , please . 
  i looked it up and there is not even one argument that would back your bogus claim that cost of living is in almost 100 % dependent on the haircut price . 
  someone famous ? 
  i doubt it , i just told you that i can not find any other source where ppp is called haircut index , and the reason for it is probably that it is not called that way . 
  and your claim that cost of living is dependent on what the hairdressers charge is bogus . 
  alternative for said stockbroker is not going for a hot dog but a taco or hamburger instead . 
  and in general i agree with you , but i must 've misunderstood your point with hairdressers and ppp being called haircut index , it can be called hot dog index , and in reality i only heard about big mac index . 
  could you source why you picked hairdressers and where anyone except you is calling ppp the haircut index ? 
  could you clarify ? 
  is n't it the case with any product or service that firm will charge you ` just below the level where people would tell them to go fuck themselves and would ' spend their money otherwise ? 
  from political economics point of view , troika is balancing greece 's budget with gdp contraction being the cost . 
  they are not trying to establish growth in greece before they get some sensible structural reforms , just look at [ * in greece you get a bonus for showing up for work * ] ( http://www.thestar.com/business/2010/04/28/in_greece_you_get_a_bonus_for_showing_up_for_work.html ), 
  why is the debt unpayable ? 
  i see this over and over , but from an economic standpoint it 's just not true . 
  they had whole 6 months for this referendum and you tell me that it is ez that is against democracy ? 
  it 's syriza 's government , and other before , who have power over your law not troika . 
  tell me : why troika should push those reforms , not your government ? 
  if you think that it is troika who should push those reforms not your government then there is no hope . 
  gdp has risen in late 2014 , before syriza took government and industry lost faith that any reforms will be implemented . 
  in 6 years gdp contracted 30 % during austerity , after default * it will lose much , much more . 
  austerity is not ideal , you do n't need only budget cuts , but also debt haircut and structural reforms , but will work nontheless . 
  i ca n't agree that greece implemented reforms , they implemented only budget cuts and tax hikes , what about structural reforms like [ oecd proposals ] ( http://www.oecd.org/daf/competition/greece-competition-assessment-2013.pdf ) ? 
  e : after ` default ' it will lose more , not ` bailout ' ... 
  do n't you think that default will destroy gdp further ? 
  now you are at least standing on your knees , default will lead to lying on the ground . 
  are you one of those who think that grexit will make greece better off ? 
  i think fptp represents so badly only when there is no second turn voting . 
  with second turn voting at least 50 % of voters would have to vote for their representative . 
  i 'm not defending russia , nor i like their authoritarian system , but only sith deals in absolutes . 
  the difference is you can make documentary like this in russia . 
  so you are saying you know names of russian opposition leaders that did n't leave russia , even when persecuted . 
  do you know any e.g. 
  chinese or n. korean ? 
  got the difference ? 
  because russia is not as closed to opposition as west thinks . 
  are there any viable opponents of him ? 
  [ there were , are and will be people like them ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/little_rock_integration_protest.jpg ) . 
  different toilet same shit . 
  it was flash info from gus ( central statistical office ) , so it is without breakdown . 
  british terrorists are well-mannered , who would 've guessed ? 
  if they warn you , there 's no bomb . 
  economic, 
  yet , liberal right is going to win according to all polls . 
  i would argue that sld is not an ideologically leftist party . 
  it is post pzpr ( communist party ) , and poland being single state country back then made everyone who had political ambitions , but did n't want to overthrow the goverment join pzpr , so it had left wing and right wing . 
  just look at china 's communist party , there is whole political spectrum in it . 
  1 month `` if komorowski wins though i swear on jan pawel i 'm giving up on politics '', 
  polands love them free markets and becomes more radical about it every day . 
  so socially left leaning candidates could succeed , but would have to be neoliberal economically . 
  i honestly have no idea who i will vote for . 
  there is no liberal ( economically and socially ) candidate in elections , except maybe janusz palikot , but he has no credibility and has changed his mind about details countless times , and even said that every pole should run away in the event of conscription . 
  the funniest candidate is grzegorz braun , he campaigns on crowning jesus as polish king ( and he is dead serious about it ) and betting polish independence and defence on obtaining nuclear weapons ( ! ) . 
  i wonder , how he managed to get 100,000 signatures to run in the elections . 
  not countries , but country , and one example can not justify an opinion . 
  so the tendency is not proven . 
   public companies continue to be subsidised by tax money regardless of how unprofitable they are . 
  could you provide source on that it happens in eu ? 
  this paper is not what i would go with defending austerity . 
  a country in ` small public sector ' bracket can have the same growth ( 3 % ) as country in ` large public sector ' bracket , so you can see it is not public sector spending that is big factor in gdp growth . 
  is n't it ? 
  do n't give it to poland , we are next to russia , and portugal is further than jerusalem . 
  i think he meant dmowski 's endecja ( polish phonetically for nd - narodowa demokracja - national democracy ) and pi\u0142sudski 's sanacja ( from latin ` sanatio ' - recovery ) . 
  i would like to know more about polish interwar politics too , could you elaborate ? 
  they may exist formally , but they are irrelevant . 
  there is no pirate party or green in poland . 
  we have something similar in poland . 
  since 2004 we have 2 big parties winning every elections ( po - epp and pis - ecr in eu ) . 
  right now many my collegues vote for fringe eurosceptic parties , like libertarians or nationalists , without being radical themselves , just because they see mainstream parties in political deadlock . 
  but even more people are content with what they have in poland now , considering our past . 
  i understand that , yet there is only few people that know that , and that 's what i mean . 
  eu and us should educate people that secrecy is needed during negotiations .
