  right now people think that it leads to passing laws that are against their interests . 
  the biggest problem with ttip is lack of transparency , because it feeds many misinterpretations and conspiracy theories . 
  eu and us need to step up their game . 
  as o 2014 , greece spends 13 % of its gpd on pensions , it 's 4th in europe after italy ( 15.4 % ) , france ( 13.7 % ) , austria ( 13.5 % ) , which are much richer countries , while european average is about 9 % . 
  so yes , more pension cuts . 
  in the case of greece , you are right , pension cuts are necessary , tax evaders must be caught . 
  but , at the same time they should invest in infrastructure . 
  why pick one , when both would be better for their economy ? 
   how did germany , with the fourth-largest gdp in the world ( after the united states , china , and japan ) transform itself from `` the sick man of europe '' to an `` economic superstar '' in less than a decade ? 
  one common answer points to a series economic superstar '' in less than a decade ? 
  one common answer points to a series of legislative labor market reforms that started in the mid 2000s , the so-called `` hartz reforms . '' another explanation focuses on the evolution of germany 's economy and trade balance in the context of the eurozone . 
  however , we will argue that these factors did not play a decisive role for the transformation of the german economy , namely the restructuring of its labor market and the increase in competitiveness that has helped german exports . 
  we instead present evidence that the specific governance structure of the german labor market institutions allowed them to react flexibly in a time of extraordinary economic circumstances , and that this distinctive characteristic of its labor market institutions has been the main reason for germany 's economic success over the last decade . 
  from the paper / u/doriangreyfox linked . 
  so yeah , austerity is not an answer . 
  they seem to overmatch . 
  he was living in times when cuntness level was very high with or without him . 
  free market and free culture ( you can create whatever you want , without government censoring it ) are advantages that will result in yet another russian defeat in the long run , so we should just sit back and enjoy our freedom . 
  bbc are publicly funded , but for example i pay premium fee to have them in my tv package , so i indirectly fund this content aswell , but not every pole does . 
  i am sure , we can figure out way to do this . 
  what about travelling englishmen ? 
  should they not have access to iplayer when abroad ? 
  and at this moment it is not wise for polish to reconsider our ties , when european armies ca n't secure polish independence . 
  eu army could make us do that . 
  you 've got to understand we have whole different perspective on russian imperialism . 
  we 've been under it and it devastated us . 
  russian imperialism is the reason why poland is so poor , why 2 million people left our country , why we are regarded as plumbers and cheap workforce . 
  united states have supreme military and we , as poles , are blessed that it protects us . 
  germany , alone , or even with other eu countries ca n't do it . 
  we share culture and values with american society . 
  russians on the other hand , as stated many times , have nothing against strong , authoritarian government , do n't really care about human rights , think gay should be punished by law . 
  they want to make all their neighbours and countries under their sphere of influence puppet states . 
  many poles will be against any alliance with russia for a long time , despite what germans think . 
  it 's us that secures polish independence , not germany . 
  [ i disagree ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/idiot ), 
  why would you insult him over a map on reddit ? 
  imagine turkey in eurozone and their muslim coins in vatican . 
  children take father 's name and man very rarely have double surnames . 
  did you just call him piotr just because he is polish , banjo ? 
  ^ n ^ o ^ h ^ a ^ r ^ dfeelingsthoilikebanter, 
  i imagine mr. zika picking up his suitcase and saying goodbye to his wife while he boards the trans atlantic ferry . 
  do n't downvote him just because you disagree with him . 
  without this comment we would n't get great / u/youthanasian response . 
  i did n't think it was controversial at all . 
  jeffrey sachs was the mastermind , balcerowicz was the executor . 
  according to the panel of respected economists even low skilled immigration [ makes native citizens better off ] ( http://www.igmchicago.org/igm-economic-experts-panel/poll-results?surveyid=sv_5vunnqkbeamafhv ) . 
  [ high skilled even more ] ( http://www.igmchicago.org/igm-economic-experts-panel/poll-results?surveyid=sv_0jtslkwzqnsfraf ) ( i do n't know how skillful immigrants from outside of the eu are but i think eastern european educational institutions produce better professionals ) . 
  inflation in eurozone is below 1 % since 13 ' and right now we do n't have any inflation in ez , so what do you mean by  that is if the inflation stays the same, 
  why you assume inflation will go higher next year , but not that interest rates will follow ? 
  from economic theory standpoint investment and savings are the same thing . 
  inflation what ? 
  do you have any higher inflation per interest rates than before ? 
  why ca n't people save money when interest rates are low ? 
  low interest rates boosts your economy as well . 
   but it 's totally possible the us will have different leadership on that issue in time not before brexit referendum though, 
  what do you mean by  including all the resources, 
  what was the union bulgaria was in before ? 
   but ... they 'll not accept another foreign dictate . 
  citation needed since you speak in a name of millions of people . 
  it 's not godwin if it 's not ad hominem , is n't it ? 
  german nation has spoken too when they elected hitler . 
  democracy has a point only when there is a system of checks and balances . 
  the nation has spoken ? 
  pis rules alone only because korwin ( 4.9 % ) and socialists ( 7.8 % ) did n't manage to enter sejm . 
  pis has majority but not absolute so it has to abide by the constitution . 
  savage . 
  they have to solve it politically . 
  opposition parties have no incentive to work solution out with pis ( that would be the best option for poland ) , because practically every constitutional lawyer and international community , both eu and us are against constitutional court changes , so pis will have to offer them very much . 
  some government positions or fast tracking opposition policies . 
  i do n't know yet . 
  next week venice commission will publish their opinion on polish constitutional court changes and we probably will know what pis offered by then . 
  the ball is in their court . 
  it ca n't be solved according to law , because if pis keeps on acting like they do , law no longer applies in poland so constitutional court ca n't do anything as it has no army . 
  we are witnessing very interesting events now in poland . 
  i 'm kinda stoked , because i do n't believe that pis really wants to destroy polish democracy , they are very patriotic . 
  they just ca n't make deep changes in administration without changing constitution . 
  do n't get me wrong , they should be unable to change it without constitutional majority , but i get their reasoning . 
  current constitution was enacted in 90 's and poland was in very different place back then , and every party sees it , but current polarization of polish politics in the media makes it impossible for parties to cooperate . 
  is full passport needed in schengen anyway ? 
  obama has nothing to lose , in the sense that he can not be president for the 3rd term , so it 's less about politics more about sensible agreement . 
  actually charter of fundamental rights and treaty of lisbon are de facto federal constitution . 
  high house is council of europe with democratically elected member states ' heads of governments . 
  lower house is european parliament . 
  commission is eu federal government . 
  there is no eu without germany , without poland on the other hand ... 
  which one ? 
  about 6yos going to school ? 
  woosh, 
  so is us cabinet then . 
  are ministers in your governments democratically elected ? 
  no , they are picked by prime minister . 
  they do n't campaign and are virtually unknown to the wider national populace before getting elected . 
  plus , you do n't know who is going to be picked next . 
  it 's all behind the scenes . 
  all democratic governments are undemocratic ? 
  they are designated by governments elected by people so they are indirectly but still democratically elected . 
  armies are not for guarding borders , we already have frontex , and they should do it . 
  they are just under financed , but it has to change . 
  masovian probably , because warsaw is political and cultural capital . 
  that 's untrue .
