oops . 
  i do n't think germans have any room to complain about long words !, 
  who said anything about declaring war ? 
  if he 's not going to show up on time , cancel the meeting . 
  all it does is report on an event that happened , and provides comments from relevant figures . 
  there 's a bit of background thrown in too , to give context . 
  which part did you find objectionable ? 
  it also does n't imply that all romanians are racist . 
  waving a flag is n't the same as carrying out what isis preaches . 
  no one is obliged to like what these cretins have to say , but neither should the government have the right to stop them from saying it . 
  i guess you feel freedom of speech is all fine and dandy until someone says something you do n't like ? 
  i do n't know why you turned that into an attack on the us , or on him personally . 
  no one has disagreed that one person 's freedom ends where the next person 's starts , but i do n't see how that relates to waving a flag . 
  you 're not hurting anyone by saying you agree with a given ideology . 
  yes , i understand the political repression at work . 
  that does n't make it right . 
  not really something to be proud of . 
  i 'd be scared if my country did n't allow me to voice a political opinion . 
  they have the right to believe that , just like you have the right to believe the moon is made of cheese . 
  exercising your freedom of expression by waving a flag is not and should not be a crime . 
  nothing requires you to like the flag they 're waving , but they do have the right to wave it . 
  it does n't hamper anything . 
  how do you think technological development happens ? 
  are you really suggesting that the space race did nothing for our technological capability in space ? 
  this line of reasoning makes no sense . 
  terraforming and colonising are not the same thing . 
  the guy whose knowledge you insulted said nothing about terraforming mars , all he said is we should build colonies on other worlds . 
  if you insisted on going down the terraforming route , surely venus would be a better candidate than mars . 
  i do n't see how kindling people 's interest space harms efforts towards exploring and colonising space , and you have n't shown that it actively sets those goals back . 
  `` never '' seems like a rather strong word to use . 
  what `` basic knowledge '' is it you feel he/she lacks ? 
  banks generally require you to be a permanent legal resident of the country you 're opening the account in . 
  i ca n't see any bank allowing this . 
  exactly . 
  we 're far too similar to have any real lasting consequence . 
  we may have variations on our own internal policies but for the most part we 're people with the same ideals , beliefs , and ways of seeing the world . 
  as long as that continues , our countries are always going to enjoy a special relationship with each other . 
  we 're natural allies because our interests are mostly intertwined . 
  we are n't involved . 
  why should he mention us ? 
  it 's embarrassing how much some of my fellow brits will freak out and over-analyse everything american officials say for signs the `` special relationship '' is in trouble . 
  this is just the us talking up france . 
  i do n't see why it has anything to do with britain . 
  we are n't involved , so why the fuck should we be mentioned ? 
  i do n't see how this could possibly be construed as a `` slap in the face '' to the uk . 
  france * is * america 's oldest ally . 
  why would we be mentioned in a `` list of friends prepared to support us action '' ? 
  parliament just voted * against * giving the us that exact support . 
  people really need to grow the fuck up and stop freaking out about the `` special relationship '' all the time . 
  the us and the uk are still very close allies and for the foreseeable future there 's no reason whatsoever to believe that will change . 
  i love the us and i think our alliance with them is a great thing , but holy crap is it embarrassing how bent out of shape people get the moment there 's any kind of hiccup between the two countries . 
  [ not quite . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_trafalgar ), 
  then they need to convince the gibraltans themselves of that . 
  was n't ww2 kind of a `` total war scenario '' ? 
  they do exist - they 're just rare . 
  the uk did occupy iceland in the 1940s , however . 
  the `` cod wars '' were lost due to political considerations ( ie , iceland threatened to close critical nato bases on the island ) . 
  when those political considerations were n't part of the picture , iceland was taken without firing a shot . 
  i 'm not sure what you define as a `` video game war '' or what the relevance of that is . 
  in practice outside of controlling the sea lanes , there is n't any reason for anyone to attack iceland . 
  since we 're allies , there 's little reason to worry about it and iceland can go on not having a large military secure in the knowledge its ' allies will help it , as long as it helps them control the seas . 
  you pretty much just described the whole point of this kind of political espionage . 
  that is precisely why it is done . 
  all countries do it . 
  and if they are n't doing it , they are very silly indeed . 
  til europe is made up . 
  there 's no such thing as `` the correct version '' of a word when you 're talking about different languages . 
  the way i described is the way it is used in english -- not just the usa . 
  there is no need for a `` better word '' because in english there is no problem . 
  i downvoted you for saying that only `` muricans '' use `` race '' to refer to skin tone/ethnicity , when actually it 's just the word most english-speakers use , and is n't generally considered to carry negative connotations by itself . 
  i guess anti-americanism is fun though , huh ? 
  knowing that chechnya and the czech republic are different is one thing , but is there a reason americans should know exactly where chechnya is ? 
  it 's on the other side of the world , and it 's of no real importance to them either . 
  all i did was point out that you were using [ weasel words ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weasel_word ) and that your position was unsubstantiated . 
  you 're correct that we fundamentally disagree . 
  you and u/harryblessknapp seem to have had a good discussion , so there is n't really anything more to be said . 
  let 's leave it there . 
  i did n't bother responding to your comment because you seem upset i pointed out you were n't backing up anything you said and i do n't really have the patience to debate this with you . 
  you 're simply stating things that you feel to be true and suggested that i should n't comment if my only intention was to point that out . 
  your discussion with u/harryblessknapp was essentially `` it 's all over the place !, 
  i wo n't be specific but it definitely is . 
  okay it 's rotherham !, 
  i ca n't define it and i would n't necessarily say crime rates were related to it . 
  but if i did say crime rates were a factor i 'd totally be right '' . 
  if you ca n't agree a definition , how are we supposed to even begin a discussion ? 
  u/harryblessknapp seems well-informed and appears to have far more patience than i do , so i 'd suggest you continue your discussion with him rather than direct snarky comments at me . 
  i have n't commented on integration , while your stance is that it has somehow failed . 
  why should i have to define it for you ? 
  you 're wasting your time . 
  he ca n't define integration , has n't produced a single source for anything he 's said , and refuses to name any of the `` many northern cities and suburbs '' where the entirely undefined `` integration '' has failed . 
  i 'm not qualified to say whether it could happen in russia or not . 
  i 've never even visited . 
  just wanted to make the point that not every revolution has to be blood and chaos . 
  they can be relatively peaceful , too . 
  [ carnation revolution ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carnation_revolution ), 
  have you considered that you 're simply twisting reality to suit the narrative that most appeals to you ? 
  scotland asks for a referendum , is given one , and your position is that - despite having no evidence to support this - it only happened because westminster secretly knew the outcome already . 
  is there any situation where scotland holds a referendum and westminster do n't come out of as the bad guys ?
