we do put on a crazy amount of matth\u00e4us-passions come easter , i thought it referred to that . 
  yeah hydro is great and china 's got the mountains/rivers for it . 
  it 's unfortunate that it 's probably capped out by geography in most countries using it now , unless you want to start evacuating villages from valleys . 
  nuclear seem preferable to that . 
  they 're building 26 new reactors , which is also more than the entire eu combined . 
  i 'm out on a limb without real numbers , but i imagine industrialization is a huge expense in itself that takes a while to pay back . 
  it 's a game of spending energy to get energy , and if you have little , you can only increase so much before the costs get overwhelming . 
  i guess difficult geographies and unstable politics do n't get you discounts either . 
  so to speed up the process enough to compete in the global economy , they build the cheapest coal plants there are to get cheap steel to get cheap concrete to get cheap factories to get cash flow to get better power generators . 
  while i agree we could all knock off a chuck of our energy bills and our global footprint , the real global issue here is the billion chinese people who are now climbing out of poverty and the billion people who still burn wood around the world who desperately want to do the same . 
  unless something comes around that 's cheaper than coal , they 'll be using that . 
  energy consumption does correlate pretty well with quality of life . 
  agreed on the fusion thing , though nuclear breeder reactors of some kind would be easier than that and supply plenty . 
  the status quo in the netherlands is complicated . 
  all drugs are illegal as by international treaties , but possession and retail are n't prosecuted . 
  notice that production is still illegal , and the police roll up grow-ops as they do manufacture of say , mdma . 
  this means that producers have no legal benefits , and either hide from gangs , or seek their protections . 
  to limit growers revenue , coffee-shops have a limit to the amount of product they can have in store . 
  because coffee-shops are under legal protection , this means they can and do choose to buy from smaller growers . 
  now since the netherlands is n't an island and we abide by the schengen treaty , drug tourism and wholesale illegal export along the border has been causing problems , leading to the national government allowing the ban of foreigners from coffee-shops in the municipalities effected . 
  a dutch citizen who wants to buy at a coffee-shop needs to show some kind of proof . 
  this policy started under the cda-vvd-pvv coalition , and was controversial from the start with opponents ( among which an increasing number of mayors ) arguing that drug tourists will still come to the netherlands , and buy from street dealers , who will belong to criminal gangs . 
  similarly , many dutch smokers are n't to keen to be known to the government as such , and will start going to the streets . 
  in general , the `` front door '' of the coffee shops is regulated and controlled , but the `` back door '' is still left open for criminal elements to come and take over . 
  when confronted with the a manifesto , signed by 50 mayors ( we have 403 total ) , for local regulation and government growing operations , the national police bureau adviced against it , stating that the criminal organizations will attack the growing operations `` with extreme force '' , and that the operations would have to constantly guarded , straining the police 's forces . 
  minister opstelten responded that the law needs to be obeyed . 
  international treaties are in place , blocking the regulation of the market for soft-drugs . 
  ( though in what way current policy is n't in violation or how this might effect international relations is n't specified . ), 
  a little on the vvd , though vvd is economically definitely liberal , socially there has always been internally a tension between conservative and liberal flanks . 
  after the coalitions with the labor party pvda in the 90 's , the general reaction was that both parties had lost their color ( respectively red and blue , the cabinets being labelled as purple ) . 
  opstelten is appointed to security and justice to represent the vvd 's social conservative flank , presenting himself as a conservative hardliner on crime and immigration to prevent the pvv from stealing votes in that direction , isolation their distinctive feature on the matter as mere anti-islamism . 
  so there 's no real ideological liberal thrust behind the matter , just populism driving policy , a phenomenon more common nowadays in dutch ( and i reckon more counties ) politics . 
   so it 's an ethnic technology that somehow works in european countries but not elsewhere ( even assuming sellafield is not europe ) ? 
   the original argument concerned japan 's regulatory and training environment . 
  given that most nuclear accidents are caused by human error , that 's not as unreasonable as you might think . 
  specifically the japanese concept of `` saving face '' might have played a role in daiichi 's manager 's unwillingness to admit that their plant was at danger . 
  but that 's cultural , not ethnical . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
   because averages do n't matter when the risk is to turn an area with a radius of dozens of kilometers uninhabitable for an undetermined amount of years . 
  when you want to talk about the relative ` safety ' , you have to use the same definitions everywhere . 
  i 'm doing all the work here comparing qualities across different modes , you just say `` it has another quality , therefore no nuclear '' . 
  you ca n't just wave away quantitative analysis . 
  that 's the meaning of the word rationality . 
  `` what is the ratio between x and y '' . 
  so if you insist on saying averages do n't matter , i 'm afraid i have to call you irrational . 
  so evacuation then . 
  have you seen the video of the wolves of chernobil ? 
  they 're doing great . 
  they do n't care about radiation . 
  the reason we evacuate is because people are afraid of radiation . 
  what radius is safe is based on the linear no threshold principle , which holds that there is no safe radiation . 
  in that model , every becquerel is assumed to increase the risk of cancer . 
  you 'll find that in most of the evacuation zone , the risk of cancer in comparable to smoking , or pollution , or staying out in the sun . 
  oh yeah , uv rays are radiation too , and they stimulate the body 's vitamin d . so small amounts are actually healthy , but that makes the math hard . 
  so how large an evacuation zone need to be is not uncontroversial . 
  evacuations happen with chemical accidents . 
  do we shut down the electronics industry ? 
  also , you have to weigh the people that might have a remote possibility of having to leave their homes against all the people who can life a modern civilized life with the electricity from nuclear . 
  the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . 
   car crashes do n't make that piece of road impassable for decades . 
  maybe i was n't clear , but coal ect . 
  are the cars in this scenario , and airplanes the nuclear . 
   you just insist to hide the extremeness of accidents behind the average so you can ignore the qualitatively different effects . 
  the qualitatively different effects are the risk of cancer . 
  there is no real agreement about how many extra cases of cancer any meltdown will cause . 
  estimates range from 0 to 10000 , because it 's epidemically so hard to seperate this specific cause from all other causes of cancer . 
  so we 're dealing with an unknown here . 
  pollution increases the risk of cancer every day . 
  so does smoking and sitting out in the sun . 
  we do n't ban those , we use protection and we warn people so they can be responsible . 
  but we know the risk of those . 
  so given what i do know , the body count from those extremely rare accidents has to be proven to me to be in the millions , before i consider coal safer . 
   it 's comparable to natural gas if you take into account the whole lifecycle , so it 's not that fantastic either . 
  the more basic problem with that approach is that our known uranium reserves simply do n't come anywhere near providing world energy use , providing that we manage to build that much reactors ( required : 4 per week for decades . 
  current lead time for the latest finnish reactor : 18 years and counting ) . 
  now we 're getting to the interesting stuff . 
  i did n't say uranium , i said fissile material . 
  u-235 is 0,72 % of all the uranium . 
  conventional nuclear reactors have less than a percent of efficiency . 
  again , nuclear is in a league of it 's own in this realm , we simply would n't accept this from any other technology . 
  we 'd probably say that they 'd need to go work on it again . 
  and they do , like at [ superph\u00e9nix ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/superph%c3%a9nix ) that 's a breeder reactor , runs on the 99 % of uranium . 
  it 's more efficient , and can use up existing nuclear waste . 
  so now there 's 10000 more fuel !, 
  great , right ? 
  well , there was a large nimby-movement , it got shot at by ecoterrorists , and shut down to gather votes with the green movement . 
  that 's actually been the typical series of events when nuclear tries to innovate for about 50 years now . 
  they do n't care what problems a given reactor solves , they do n't care whether the chance of an accident is like winning the lottery or like winning 100 lotteries in a row . 
  they oppose nuclear altogether , just because it 's nuclear . 
  there 's plenty reactor architectures that solve the problem you mention . 
  there 's architectures that solve the waste problem . 
  there 's architectures completely without release of radiation . 
  there 's architectures that produce isotopes which are used in cancer therapies . 
  but the decision whether to scale them up or shut them down is made by politicians faced with rabid crowds . 
   the most abundant energy source we have is the sun . 
  the sun is a nuclear fusion reactor that solves the containment problem by not being contained , but by being 150 million kilometers away from earth . 
  so technically , solar is a nuclear technology . 
  geothermal runs on the heat that the earth 's core generates by fission , so technically geothermal is nuclear energy . 
  i 'm all for solar energy , wind energy , biogas , all the renewables . 
  we need to stop the fossil fuels , and stop fighting among ourselves .
