merkel is in a demo-christian and is a right winger , but it isnt importnat . 
  whatever fits your narative . 
  isnt that an idependent show that rt picked up and streamed . 
  like a movie that would be bought by , i dont know , nbc . 
  they have no say in it , just show it . 
   yes , you had a president from 2000 to 2010 who called jasenovac a work camp and called the ndh a victory for croats . 
  apparently that 's not important . 
  imagine if that were germany and nazi-germany instead ... 
  i wonder if germans would react the same way . 
  yes he called jasenovac a work camp and called nhd a vicotry , but the leaked video turned up 2 months ago and he was president from 2000 to 2010 . 
  when the video leaked he was condemned and he apologised . 
  you cant blame us for something we dont know about . 
   sings about death camps . 
  that 's ndh for ya for the record i despise him and most of his listeners . 
  he sang it rarely i know for only one video of him playing it . 
  he doesnt sing it today , or talks about ndh or war camps . 
  he is a ultra right nationalist that you have quiet the amount of them yourselves ( baja mali kninzda , bora corba ) . 
  edit : wording, 
  in republika srpska they even give medals named after radovan karadzic . 
   croatia does exist , actually . 
  croatia doesnt have any mentions of ndh in the constitution and is seen as a black spot in our history . 
  it is like saying germany exists , that means hitlers third reich still exists , or serbia exists , so nedics fascist/nazi serbia exists . 
   10/10 historical accuracy  let 's ignore their summers in south america  most of criminals and leaders were executed by communists , other fled and we cant really do much about it . 
   again , that 's some hilarious shit . 
  that 's why singers like thompson have so much attention and that 's also why president of croatia from 2000-2010 called the creation of ndh a victory for croats or how he claimed jasenovac was a work camp rather than a death camp thompson is a extra far right winger , but never talks about ndh live or in his songs . 
  president mesic was a `` left wing '' president but he had a past during the war were he acted/was a nationalist/ustasa and talked about ndh or jasenova but it wasnt public , the video of him leaked 2 months ago and he is in no way relevant to our politics or media . 
  so basically , everything you just said was bullshit . 
  edit : mesic talked about ndh and it wasnt public , sorry for the mistake, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlmg0yzxkvq heres another famous song about the siege . 
  very bravely killing unarmed civilians . 
  embargo was put on bosnia and croatia , you had all the military equipment from ex-yu and still managed to lose . 
  maybe , but that is the consent . 
  before ottomans catholics/croats were the majority but had their own kingdom and then the ottomans came . 
  bosnia has territorial and ethnic continuity and declared independence on the basis of the borders from the constitution of 1974 . 
  republika srpska has no right to secede . 
  who is the terrorist ? 
  i really dont know/remember . 
  edit : could you answer me pls edit : ill assume you made it up because you didnt even name him or linked a source, 
  not a historian or an expert in montenegro but my guess is because the venetia influenced ( ruled / was in war with ) dalmatia and the adriatic coast for a long time , so the international name stayed . 
  in dalmatia lot of words have italian roots so i guess its similar with montenegro . 
  so you justify your aggressive wars and killings on the fact that somebody else would do it . 
  that is just wrong on many levels . 
  america spends that kind of money in military for their own benefit , not because they want to help europe . 
  they try to colonize for the last 70 years . 
  paying the defense budget is really not that big of a deal . 
  2 % of gdp isnt an enormous amount . 
  as to cold war i do not really understand how did usa save us from russia ? 
  europe was divided into fields of influence until communism crumbled itself . 
  its not like russia was attacking france or west germany ... 
  it is per capita . 
  of course they are not black and white and of course usa is a successful country . 
  but im sick and tired of trump bots . 
  my climate is mediterranean and there is no black metal music in my country . 
  that is why americans earn 30 % more after taxes but have shit healthcare and expensive education . 
  your president was literaly publicly lying about an incident in sweden . 
  the right in america can not shut up about caliphate in germanystan and swedistan but they never set foot in those countries . 
  their people , frustrated with the amount of lies , just showed you which country is great and which never will be . 
  what the fck are you talking about . 
  every history book on wwii and every historian knows and is a proven fact that chetniks are fascists ? 
  do you want to tell me chetniks werent fascist ? 
  they collaborated with nazis in many battles , were supplied and supported by them.killed many civilians ( bosnian and croatian mostly ) , you know , the thing that actually happened , not a rumour , but a proven fact , if they werent beaten i 1943 who knows how many more people would be massacred . 
  his actions speak otherwise ???? 
  here are his war crimes in only 1 year becouse there are too many to note them all . 
  well some people here think croatia has 70 % far right/nazi supporters which just is not true . 
  i agree it is too much but far right movements and support tend to happen in ex communist countries ( poland , hungary , russia , serbia , croatia , ... ) because here everything remotely leftist is called communist agenda or wanting yugoslavia back and hating croatia , etc. 
  i said they are centre-right but they dont seem to sanction nazi revisionism . 
  you cant deny that and thats the only thing i said ... 
  we came from croats being fascist to fascism denial in serbia . 
  how tables turn really fast . 
  the rebel that in cooperation with nazis killed 100 000 muslims in eastern bosnia and 50 000 croats . 
  wonderful gal . 
  the same one who said he wants to make greater serbia where there will be no ethnic minorities and is a war criminal that conducted ethnical cleansing . 
  please educate yourself . 
  edit : i never said we were better . 
  you have serious issues . 
  you said if serbs did fascist revisionism they would be sanctioned and i pointed out that you rehabilitated two fascists and nazi colaborators and didnt get sanctioned . 
  thats all . 
  i never denied nazism in croatia during wwii and i would advise you to face your fascism too ... fascism from wwii and fascism from 90s, 
  yeah , they are really overexagerating now . 
  maybe 10 % of the population is far right lunatics and fascists are minority in these 10 % . 
  draza was not a nazi collaborator ?????? 
  are you fcking kiding me ? 
  i said nedic braged about belgrade being jude frei . 
  draza was working with nedics fascist serbia and with nazi germany and was a war criminal . 
  you can not deny that . 
  it happened 2 years ago so i wasnt lucky to learn that in school . 
  it is pretty bad . 
  it being used in the 90s doesnt change the fact that it is a nazi/ustase greeting . 
  and hos doesnt shy away from that . 
  and the fact it stil isnt removed from jasenovac is awful . 
  it is a stretch to say that . 
  the people in government are oportunist and dont talk about it or sanction it . 
  its not like they said they support ndh or nazi germany but they turn a blind eye on revisionism . 
  like every other country croatia is living through a populist rise in right wing nationalism . 
  we dont have a political person that they identify themselves with ( thankfully ) . 
  currently our leading party is center right ( strong pro eu and nato , they are even pro abortion ) but , as i said , they turn a blind eye on nationalists and they let them do whatever they want because it is a part of their electoral body . 
  you did rehabilitate draza mihajlovic and are in procedure to do the same with nedic . 
  the man who braged to hitler that he made belgrade jude frei . 
  i dont think you faced any sanctions or apologizing . 
  im really sad this is happening in croatia but i dont buy this holier than thou attitude ...
