  yes , i am a croat and catholic and i dont see homosexuals as something i would want in large numbers in my country but i would never deny their rights and i support same sex mariage . 
  in croatia i would be mostly seen as a homosexual ( cuz why would i support them if im not logic ) , in western europe i would be seen as mildy homophobic . 
  it will . 
  it got so worse with croatia its unimaginable . 
  80k people a year . 
  thats a bigger city in croatia and no demographic plan was made so we will have to react fast or our pension fund will be unsustainable . 
  i hate violence of few discrediting the whole protest . 
  i wouldnt be surprised if it was paied by politicians like many times before . 
  you just wrote a lot of bullshit . 
   remind me again which nation it was where the nationalists declared independence and annexed serb majority areas into their new country ? 
  under the constitution of 1974 every country had a right to self-determination to separation . 
  no `` nationalists '' declared independece , we had a referendum where and 94 % of population said yes . 
   it 's the same country that not long before was slaughtering serbs in one of the worst concentration camps of wwii how does wwii have anything to do with the 90s . 
  it is like saying germans shouldnt have a country because they killed jews in wwii , absolutely no connection at all . 
   if everyone had drawn their new borders along ethnic lines , there would not have been wars in the 90s . 
  you can hardly blame the serbs for that given that it was n't them drawing the new borders . 
  wow man . 
  the amount of ignorance . 
  firstly , constitution of 1974 has identified borders and a right to leave yugoslavia with its borders . 
  croatia had same borders in 1945 and today . 
  we dont change borders because serbs want us to . 
  there are no new borders along ethnic lines !!!, 
  croatia is croatia , serbia is serbia . 
   you can hardly blame the serbs for that given that it was n't them drawing the new borders . 
  wow . 
  yes we can blame them for an all out aggression on croatia , bosnia and kosovo because they wanted `` greater serbia '' . 
  the international community has condemned them . 
  they raped , pillaged and killed people because of their religion and ethnicity . 
  they made most horrible war crimes since wwii . 
  i agree 100 % with you . 
  i was downvoted to oblivion when i once answered somebody who said that syrian immigrants `` keep reproducing like rabbits '' that this isnt factually true . 
  i agree . 
  paid professional army wins wars . 
  spending money on me going 3 months to learn how to use a rifle is a bit stupid to me too . 
  that money could be spent better . 
  so you want to tell me that america wanted yugoslavia to break up ? 
  the funny thing is americans wanted united yugoslavia , if germany didnt intervene ( diplomatically ) we would have a rough time . 
  but it is the `` belosvetska '' conspiracy against mighty serbia :d, 
  yeah but we have president crolinda who obviously loves armies . 
  she announced more government spending in military , even conscription . 
  terrorist insurgencies tend to happen when one state , lets say serbia , goes on an all out aggression on kosovo , does an ethnical cleansing where 43 % of population escapes kosovo . 
  that is 850 000 civilians . 
  im not condoning terrorism but there was a war there and a lot of war crimes . 
  croatians glorifying ustashe on a government level is a lie . 
  the whole europe has a rise in populist movement and nationalism so our government just doesnt condemn it because they know part of the voters have nationalistic tendencies . 
  im ashamed and im the first one who wants them to make a stricter stance but it just wont happen . 
  on the other hand in serbia you have vucic ( pickousti ) who was filmed preaching about great serbia in occupied croatia . 
  and a rise in radical movement that glorifies cetniks . 
  you brought 90s on yourself . 
  and the more tragic thing that destroyed your country is your politicians . 
  we didnt really live peacefully . 
  there was little to no freedom of speach . 
  many people were prosecuted and put in prison for basically nothing . 
  there was no freedom of press . 
  some countries had privileged position . 
  i was just guessing . 
  nobody knows what would happen but every communist regime of 20th century was a failure ( myb scandinavia especially sweden in time of olof palme is an example of a great socialist stste ) and so was yugoslavia . 
  that being said i am a leftist but i cant approve the 20th century totalitarian regimes like yugoslavia, 
  yes and if it survived the 90s it would have atleast 5 times as much, 
  as is with most countries in europe , debts sre huge . 
  yugoslavia would have to go into huge debts too if it wanted to overcome the crisis . 
  yugoslavia was in a free fall in 90s and if it still was today it would be much worse to live in than in cro or slo . 
  no , if they are working then they spend their money in poland , then the companies in poland make profit and employ more people who then spend their money and then the cycle of economy growth just takes off, 
  i saw the fight in luhansk and donetsk as a consequence of euromaidan and getting rid of pro-russian government . 
  it is , of course , a bit more complicated than this but narrows down to russian or european path of ukraine . 
  dont know who but some presidents took oath on constitution instead of bible . 
  wasnt arguing that . 
  of course 1.3 million us soldiers were crucial but i was pointing out that it could have gone both ways until the summer of 1918, 
  i wouldnt say it was lost in 1917 . 
  wilhelm ii fought stupid war on two fronts but german army was one of the strongest in history . 
  they almost won tje war . 
  it was lost in spring of 1918, 
  he was incompetent . 
  there were many problems but the one major problem of that govt was incompetence . 
  yeah thats him . 
  he didnt do it very successfully . 
  i mean syriza had good intentios but it crumbled under pressure and varoufakis left and is critical of tsipras . 
  so your argument of him being a populist isnt really valid . 
  generally yes . 
  they bailed out deutsche bank and pretended to help greece and now the whole debt is on taxpayers to solve, 
  why ? 
  i love varoufakis and cant understand why would anybody get triggered . 
  in croatia we had a techno-manager who was described as jesus christ savior appointed as our prime minister . 
  it was the shortest running government in our history being disbanded in 5 months . 
  he was from canada and was croatian but he didnt even speak croatian . 
  im not really an expert but zizek , srecko horvat and some other philosophers are part of the mainstream in europe , especially regarding the deficit of democracy in eu and the diem25 movement . 
  basically political activism . 
  i think it is blown out of proportion . 
  im a chatolic and we go to churches on sundays and we have no difficulties while muslims go to dzuma on fridays and they work or are at university . 
  they only made a rule that for 2 hours they wont have class on fridays and they said they will make sure that other religous sermons throughout the week would be respected . 
  i was wondering could these sanction trigger isolationism and help their industry grow in the meantime . 
  thats interesting becouse in croatia it is like politically incorrect to call a gypsy cigan . 
  politically correct term would be rom . 
  i love maurice de bevere and the fact that he introduced rene goscinny in writing comics . 
  they had made such an impact to 20th century culture that it is incomprehensible . 
  it didnt distract me from the contents of the us leak . 
  it was credible and it could be checked . 
  it was posted on a credible source . 
  i despise hillary and i was glad that leaks came out . 
  as for french leaks , they were posted on 4chan ?
