  uhm ... emigrate there then . 
  i do n't get what 's the point they 're trying to make ? 
  that not enough brits want to get jobs in brussels ? 
   who do you think this benefits the most ex-convicts who 've served their time . 
  try binging it . 
  and does n't three give you unlimited internet for 2pounds a day ? 
  in the eu countries that are n't covered ? 
  i remember that being the case a year ago . 
  it was really useful when i traveled across 4 countries in a single day , 
   and equal prices means rising prices for one side or lowering for the other . 
  or a bit of both . 
  voice of america . 
  lol . 
  you know , there 's a russian radio called the voice of russia , run by the russian govt which some people might consider as propaganda . 
  but i bet the link you posted is n't anything like that . 
  despite the close similarities in the name . 
  awwww , that would be so cool !!!, 
  do you think the eu will want to trade with you ? 
  where the only ones who are gon na profit off such a deal would be the uk ? 
  you 'll only get those deals if you 're ready to get down and be prepared to get bruises on your knees . 
  uhm ... that 's a really strange thing to ask the eu to do for you . 
  i do n't need your permission to let it out when you want me to let it out !!!, 
  i 'm free without your freedom !!, 
  what is it actually that the uk wants ?!, 
  dave said he wants change . 
  he did n't say he wants to change x , y and z. 
  sounds like you want change just for the sake of it . 
  all this talk about reforms but i 'm not quite sure what they want to change more specifically . 
  are you ? 
  i mean , i 've got my guesses , but i did n't see dave say ` we want x , y and z changed ' . 
  he was more along the lines of ` we want changes ' . 
  i do n't think that 's too productive of em . 
  it 's funny ... cause just a month before the election farage was saying that the eu is undemocratic ... now it 's too democratic . 
  how can you tell what most british people want ? 
  you guys have n't had a referendum yet on this subject . 
  beautiful city . 
  a must-visit imo . 
  uhm . . i think that makes it out to be sometime in the middle of the day , i 'd imagine not that many people reddit at that time . 
  is n't this one of the most democratic ways to fill that position though ?!!?!, 
  there 's been two votes , the mep one , and then the eu member nations ' leaders . 
  the easiest way to fix this , is to make the eu a country . 
  cause then you do n't commit a crime in the uk , you commit a crime the ` united states of europe ' * cough * terrible name * cough *, 
  well ... we know how fucked up the usa is ... so ... the answer to / u/rautap3nis 's question is , imo , `` about as fucked up as the usa ( or more ) '', 
   are you seriously actually thick or something ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm doing my best not to be . 
  what i understand though is that he is deemed dangerous in the uk , rightfully so . 
  but why was n't he sent to prison then ? 
  cause they could n't prove he had committed a crime that would warrant prison time . 
   but he fled the hospital which resulted in a major police manhunt . 
  then why is n't there an international arrest warrant out for his name ? 
  i think any national police force can issue those , and send them to their police colleagues in other countries . 
  if there 's an actual manhunt , i think the police are n't trying hard enough . 
  seeing how they know exactly where he is . 
  also , i 'm not downvoting you , i promise . 
  i do n't give a shit about stuff like that , just wan na talk . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i read the article that you posted , and it 's fucking terrible  he was cleared in court of this offence because it was not captured on cctv but he was convicted of the first offence . 
  what 's the first and what 's the second offence ? 
   do you think the police in ireland should be able to prevent well ... no . . if there 's no international arrest warrant for him , if he has n't been banned by the country to enter ... 
  if he is n't in jail ... edit : i think it 's the british police 's fault for not being able to bring enough evidence to land him in jail . 
  u suck . 
  he would n't know if it punched him in his face . 
  especially with the recent state of their constitution , that is n't worth the paper it 's written on . 
  and then poopliticians are all like : `` i went to an interview today '' * giggling begins * `` and i said that we have no power over our country anymore '' * giggling intensifies * , `` and , and they believed it !! '', 
  what i think that the article might be ` debating ' is whether the mcv worked ` as intended ' . 
  actually , immigration was lower than 50 % !!!, 
  it was 46 % !!!!, 
   while net migration represented 46 % of the rise . 
  2nd paragraph . 
  edit : i think it 's important to note that the uk was always the 3rd most * populous * eu state . 
  ( by always , i mean since 2002 ), 
  main parties being labour , tories , and libdems ? 
  two of those parties are in groups big enough , that those two groups and the tory group could 've supported their own president . 
   do n't want to become a region of a superstate come on ... do you think that could happen in 5 years ' time ? 
  with the east 's underdevelopment ? 
  come on , be fucking serious . 
  shit like that does n't happen overnight . 
  man , i 've been living in the uk for the past 2 years . 
  i 've been watching the news and listening to the radio , especially during may . 
  your parties did n't even try . 
  being in the decision making in the eu is pretty damn meaningful , and while the electorate does n't see it that way , the politicians should 've . 
  and the british parties did n't even fucking try . 
  now there is a good chance that they 've hurt themselves and your country in the process of being too hip to give a fuck . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.aecr.eu/media/aecramr-european-election-poll.pdf ) , the poll you quoted but did n't link 16 % of my fellow countrymen knew about juncker , even though he did n't even come to romania . 
  52 % knew of schulz . 
  42 % of the romanian voters knew that voting for parties is idirect support for the president . 
  i 'd say that 's pretty damn decent for a country that started being democratic only 25 years ago . 
   the reason the parties in the uk * bla bla bla bla bla * say it like it actually is :  the reason the parties in the uk did n't bother campaigning properly is because they ** do n't want ** democracy . 
  i doubt that percentage is still true though . 
  not after dave 's stunt . 
   people were n't voting for the preferred candidates . 
  i sure knew who i was voting for , and so did the rest of the 40 % of romanian voters ( as in presidential candidate ) . 
  while juncker did n't come to romania , because the romanian parties that are part of the epp were doing pretty bad , the other candidates came onto tv shows , and interviews , and even appeared at the local party 's conferences . 
  take a look at this [ graph ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/files/2014/06/hixchartlabel49jun.jpg ) . 
  i 'd be terribly ashamed if my country was in the position that the uk is in on that graph . 
  but i would n't blame the people , i 'd blame the parties . 
  also i 'm proud that the people in my country were more involved in the democratic process that is voting than some of the more * ` civilized ' * western countries . 
  edit : according to [ this ] ( http://www.aecr.eu/media/aecramr-european-election-poll.pdf ) 16 % of my fellow countrymen knew about juncker , even though he did n't even come to romania . 
  52 % knew of schulz .
