  would n't a missile blow it up literally ? 
  like with the fuel exploding and the whole plane being blown to pieces ? 
  i 'm watching video footage with a huge fire and smoke and the plane seems to have fallen onto the ground , starting a fire . 
  and those various sources of yours seem to be an ukrainian official . 
  going into an ukrainian military base and capturing everyone and everything in there ? 
  equipment being smuggled in from transnistria ? 
  equipment being received from russia ? 
  pick your poison . 
  get on a plane , go there , get a weapon , shoot people . 
  does it matter ? 
  one party will be able to control it , the other wo n't . 
   `` we voted . 
  the rest is up to you . '', 
  i found this part interesting . 
  also the last paragraph . 
  it was quite a fascinating read . 
  i wonder if it 's real and ` true ' . 
  pro-tip ... do n't fly a plane in what you guys called a warzone . 
  can you ` ad hominem ' a country ? 
  or a country 's policies ? 
  but they 're not forcing things onto a single entity . 
  they 're forcing things onto multiple entities . 
  the law applies to bing just as much as it applies to google . 
  if you want to take down something , you submit a form with both of em . 
  plus , this means they have to hire people to handle these . 
  more jobs , yay . 
  edit : i also think that if they 're gon na do this carelessly , they might end up getting hammered by the courts again ( like just accepting every single request , even though the law points out cases in which they should n't accept em ) . 
   a single entity i did n't know google bought bing or vice-versa, 
  i 'm fine with this law if for every 5 douchebags who use it in ` their own interest ' ( everyone uses it cause it 's in their interest , btw ) 1 guy with a legit problem does the same . 
  what does farage have a responsibility for ? 
  i did n't even realise that , even though i read your comment like 3 times . 
  i read it recently , but the news is old ( as andrei pointed out ) . 
  i also mentioned who made that statement ( fao ) , so it should n't have been too hard for you to google for it . 
  and unless you last heard about this subject some time before 2012 , then the number has n't risen by 20mil . 
  nonono , that 's not romanian pride . 
  you have to not think about the future , and ignore the present , but remember the old glory days 2000 years ago , give or take a few . 
  i 'm basing my comments on my past interactions with this guy . 
  and do n't worry , your opinion wo n't keep me up too late tonight . 
  tough luck . 
  maybe your parties should 've mentioned juncker in the campaign then . 
  it 's a good thing i know other brits , and i do n't fall into the trap of believing they 're as thick as you . 
  edit : it 's funny that you also put words into other peoples ' mouths . 
  that is exactly one of the reasons why you are a big fucking joke . 
  and the council voted on letting the european parliament have their way . 
  i dunno about you , but my country 's representative in the council was directly voted by the citizens . 
   uk labour party did n't even mention because they aimed to miss-inform people like you . 
  and they 've done a great job . 
  yeah you 're a fucking joke . 
  your nation bombarded mine . 
  great sacrifice . 
  and people are downvoting you cause you 're thicker than wood . 
  how thick are you , mate ?!?!, 
  28 people voted . 
  26 voted one way , 2 the other . 
  the 2 lost . 
  democracy . 
  well ... according to [ fao ] ( http://www.fao.org/home/en/ ) , romania would have the possibility to feed at least 80 million people ( romania has a population of 20mil ) , but we 're net importers of food . 
  so a war on war ? 
   a us official has told cbs news that the obama administration will soon admit publicly to the spying and try to smooth things over with merkel who is already angered by us tapping of her mobile phone . 
  i am quite enjoying this . 
  cause this is going to pave the way for the eu to start distancing itself from the us , in my opinion . 
   i do however feel jaded when [ ... ] it 's funny because ... 2 years ago , in romania , we tried to legally and constitutionally impeach our president . 
  it was called a coup , an attack on the rule of law , by both the eu ( including barroso ) and the us ( john kerry and their ambassador at the time ` something ' gitenstein ) . 
  while a ` revolution ' where only the president is changed , not the rest of the govt , not the parliament , is just fine and dandy . 
  i 'm willing to bet it 's all because of outside interests . 
   are you mistaking singapore for shanghai ? 
  i think i was . 
  my bad . 
  because london went through the exact same process once . 
  what with the western industrialization and all . 
  take what 's happening in china now , as their period of industrialization ; and they 'll sort it out eventually , just like the rest of the world did . 
  i think that you should compare london to similar cities , but in the ` western world ' . 
  i do n't think that 's a fair comparison . 
  yeah you 're right , we ca n't compare them 1-1 . 
  and our views of the us are probably different , but that 's another topic for another time . 
  if we 're going to expect the worst from russia , we should prepare for the worst case scenario from the us as well , imo . 
  and by that , i mean , we should stop being so dependent on them for starters . 
   by sending unmarked troops into ukraine source please ? 
  like an official report of sorts , from the eu or un . 
  america is a threat though , is n't it ? 
  having the biggest military and all ... and all their dubious operations . 
  we 'll never have proper world peace if the only reason we 're at peace is all of us being ` held at gunpoint ' . 
   what more would he have to do not be a politician . 
  politicians say what their electorates want to hear . 
   you should n't feel so threatened by flanders !, 
  i 'm shaking , i 'm shaking !, 
  as for the rest of your comment : true . 
  his name is ukipper ... no wonder he does n't understand facts . 
  well ... imo , the biggest threat to us and the rest of the world , are the guys who have the most weapons ( biggest army , most power projection , most nukes ) . 
  certainly !, 
  but when a member of parliament makes a declaration ` in the name ' of a country , and the government does n't agree with it , then i would expect the government to make a public statement in which it would distance itself from that individual 's views . 
  and in some cases you do n't see that follow-up action . 
  well ... if you consider farrage as being an eu official for being an mep ... then yeah . . it was most likely farrage , but i do n't know for sure , he said other things though . 
  what ? 
  did n't know you needed competition to collect tax . 
   rt.com was banned from / r/news for spamming/vote manipulation . 
  source ? 
  like from an admin ? 
   perhaps you could say it 's because i seek confirmation of my views . 
  lol .
