that 's what he 's most likely betting on . 
  but i hope he wo n't win . 
  even though i always voted for his party before . 
  do you know what 's stupidly funny ? 
  that if you go out for a party in london , and you leave the bars / clubs after 3-4am , on your way to the bus you 'll see loads of young people vomiting and pissing on the streets . 
  trying to get some extra votes from the moldovans with romanian citizenship at tomorrow 's elections , imo . 
  what if london votes to stay in the eu ? 
  the only one who 's a fucking joke is you . 
  i 'm curious how long will the uk still be a large economy after leaving the eu . 
  doubt it 'll be long though . 
  remember what banks and businesses did as soon as scotland 's independence became a possibility ? 
  i think you 're stupid . 
  or you did n't watch the video . 
  or both . 
  justpropagandathings, 
  you should get some better friends then . 
  if you ca n't it 's probably because you 're just like em . 
  as a native english speaker i would 've thought you knew the definition of the word you 're using . 
  and by the way , `` mentally challenged '' is a pretty ` pc ' way of saying it . 
  you know , nothing about that comment was edgy . 
  it seemed to me he made it in a pretty calm and non-subtle manner . 
  sigh ... 
  such an edgy comment . 
  the more informed you are about stuff , the less you tend to fear it . 
  so knowing that hackers can and will try to get to you , you can try to protect yourself . 
  well ... if someone from my phone company illegally recorded my calls , i 'd take em to court , and be like `` ha-ha-ha-ha '' while i 'm going to the bank . 
  well ... he 's not wrong . 
  well . . that would be debateable in the case of ukraine . 
  seems reasonable . 
  might be cause travel agencies get different deals , and thus they push different destinations ? 
  they still have nothing to worry about ( if they did n't do anything ) , because nobody 's proven if they did anything wrong so far . 
  and it 's election season . 
  same situation in romania . 
  the ` private unis ' are diploma printing businesses . 
  and it 's probably because that 's how your goverment wanted it , so that the uni managers ( or whoever owns them ) keep making cash . 
  `` hahahaha '' i would guess , that 's how most people laugh when they go to the bank , not stressed out about them loans or anything . 
  well ... they waved white flags because , for a while , their flag was white . 
  i think . 
  print it out and stick it to your forehead . 
   a generation ? 
  a generation is what ? 
  20-25 years ? 
  that 's not that long . 
  i think you 're a moron . 
  it 's the first time i 've seen his posts . 
  he comes across as someone who 's as thick as a fucking stone . 
  says who ? 
  you do n't have the right to tell him what rights he has , so fuck off . 
  i find it amazing how high the turnout was . 
  especially since even 16 year olds could vote . 
  eeeeh , i 'd rather not . 
  keeps things more interesting . 
  you mean their business model is constructed in such a way to only pay taxes that their business model needs to legally pay taxes for , just like every other ` western ' business company ? 
   you presume , you do not know neither do you . 
  you 're taking someone 's word for it . 
  uhm , there 's no real need to siege anything when the gates are open and the guns are on the ground . 
  wow , looks nice . 
  i 'm not sure why , but i have a feeling , you might get in trouble if you cut down some trees from there . 
  try to not get caught . 
  says who ? 
   free * * t&c s may apply . 
  because it will never happen . 
  even the politicians who say they want it to happen , only bring it up around elections . 
  yup , you 're sure doing your best , at least in romania . 
  not . 
  you know well that the usa is fine with those requirement not being met . 
  they 've got other interests as well in most of the nato states . 
  why not ? 
   ) ) because you 're on the receiving end of it ? 
   why the downvotes ? 
  because it 's not the end of the fucking world . 
  and they have the freedom to do whatever they want . 
  you know , banter . 
  barroso and professionalism . 
  now if you 'd put his name and the word ` nepotism ' in the same sentence , i would n't be as surprised . 
  like how much ? 
  let 's say 5 eur/year/vacuum cleaner . 
  and let 's say you 've got 1 vacuum cleaner for every 4 citizens ... that gets you 745.5 mil ( population of europe ) / 4 = 185.63 mil now multiply that by 5 and you save 928.13 mil euro per year in savings . 
  that 's not insignificant . 
  [ #savehenry ] ( http://www.zath.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/henry-hoover-desktop-cleaner.jpg ), 
  well , it 's just another ukrainian politician being russia 's lapdog , like always . 
  so the ceasfire is with the rebels , not with putin . 
  so how do you post an article , change the article 's title , and then keep acting like you 're stupid ? 
   vehicle inspections on commercial vehicles are more frequent i call bullshit on that . 
  maybe that 's what you think it 's happening , while it is n't . 
   they certainly deserve why ? 
  plus , i only see articles like this one coming from the us agencies . 
  seems fishy , like the ones who truly have interests there are the americans . 
  but they 're not being too open about it . 
  yes . 
  edit : getting the job might be a bit more challenging , but that happens everywhere . 
  i 've got absolutely no clue who the author is , and where they have their info from . 
  man . 
  do you even fucking read ? 
  what 's so democratic about ukraine ? 
  i thought all their ellections are rigged , and that the people bear no responsibility for electing shitty leaders who were pro-russia . 
  i do n't know man , i really do n't . 
  it 's just what i 've understood from the articles posted here . 
  those declarations were about permanent ones , if i understood correctly . 
  all the time .
