  i 've done a trip similar to yours last year . 
  but i went london - amsterdam - munich - vienna - budapest - home . 
  planning to repeat with another set of destinations in a year or 2 . 
  it was a great experience . 
  looks pretty . 
  did you stay in every city ? 
  which was your favourite ? 
  your problem is that you read this article . 
  and everything in it ( i think ) is taken out of appropriate context . 
  what i 'm sure he meant , was that he would like meps at brussels who wo n't lie about the situation in their own country , like last year , an mep lied in front of the european parliament about election fraud saying 2.5 million votes were fraud . 
  which was never proven , even though it was investigated by the appropriate authorities, 
  the electorate is the people who actually vote though , is n't it ? 
  the people who do n't vote have no say in anything until the next vote . 
  fortunately ... the over 40s jaded romanians are kind of a dieing breed . 
  you said the word man . 
  you said it . 
  if only . 
  that would mean i 've got a job . 
  unlike the guy who posted this here and his entirely convincing reddit-user post history . 
  on a side note , the president 's brother is under investigation for influence trafficking . 
  so today 's a nice day . 
  i think the pm 's statement was taken out of context . 
  if it 's the same statement that i 'm thinking about . 
  not too sure , cause the article did n't actually mention when and where the pm said what he supposedly said . 
  then why do i keep hearing people say `` immigrants coming ` here ' ( i live in the uk ) and taking our benefits '' . 
  are people uninformed ? 
  or are they talking about something else ? 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  supposedly , you go to the uk , sign up for benefits , and start receiving a steady stream of money , without anyone ever asking you if you had ever paid a bit of tax , or if you 've done your share of contribution . 
  i think the way it is in romania , you can get like 6 months of ` free ' unemployment money ( this implies that you 've never worked a month in your entire life , legally and paying taxes , like being fresh out of university ) before you 're on your own . 
  the guy i responded to did n't say some romas are poor and persecuted . 
  he implied that all of them are . 
  i think ukraine might 've gone past the point of no return with their actions on the russian embassy . 
  what with torching cars and attacking diplomats on what is practically russian soil . 
  do n't think we 're gon na get over this conflict in a smooth fashion . 
  opinions ? 
  yeah , dunno why . 
  the car numbers are romanian tho . 
   they are a poor and persecuted people puh-lease . 
  you 're generalizing . 
  this is a photo at one of the many roma weddings that happen around where i used to live . 
  http://www.opiniatimisoarei.ro/wp-content/gallery/nunta-tigani-lugoj/nunta-tigani-bogati-lugoj-8.jpg and another : http://www.debanat.ro/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/tigani.jpg this is the typical kind of house they tend to build ( again , around where i used to live ) : http://gaudemaus.files.wordpress.com/2010/11/roof16me1.jpg http://www.frontpress.ro/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/casa_tigan031.jpg, 
  i 'm done arguing with this , cause i 'm getting downvotes just because people do n't agree with me . 
  voiculescu is convicted , he 'll go to prison ... eventually . 
  that 's done . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck about him . 
  he did n't spend my tax money on building stupid parks in the middle of fucking nowhere . 
  he did n't get his own daughter a credit of 1m euros from cec . 
  he does n't have a brother who has companies that evade paying tax using dubious technicalities . 
  and all the claims on antena 3 ( the criticizing ) are done with facts . 
   have they ever attacked voiculescu ? 
  i do n't know if there 's a lot to attack him on ... 
  he 's only ever been a senator , in politics , at least . 
  not a pm , not the transportation ministry , nor healthcare , nor the development one . 
  as far as i know , he has n't played a major role in stupidly spending tax money . 
  if he did indeed do criminal stuff , then let the justice system convict him . 
  would you understand why me and maybe a lot of other people do n't care about his affairs ? 
  cause the stuff he did , as far as i know , did n't affect romania and romanian citizens in any meaningful way . 
  if i 'm wrong , let me know , cause i do n't mind learning new stuff . 
  as i 've said , i 've seen members of every political party put into tight ( and sometimes embarrassing ) spots by their presenters , and that 's what i like . 
  unlike some of those interviews with basescu on b1 . 
  in what way ? 
  please do tell . 
  i 've seen psd slammed , pnl , pdl and udmr . 
  ofcourse only one of those has governed the country for 8 out of the last 10 years . 
  they had plenty of time to do stupid shit , and stupid and shady shit they did . 
  i like antena 3s tv shows . 
  they call out the politicians on the stupid shit they say / do without much consideration to the political colour . 
  sometimes they beat an already dead horse a bit too much , and it gets annoying . 
  wow . 
  no wonder . 
  i think it 's hailed as a success because it did n't make the situation worse . 
  or maybe cause it stopped the situation from getting worse for those countries . 
  there was no debt because it was all paid off , or at least , that 's what i know . 
  and the industry was in a better shape then after the revolution . 
  i remember how the hunedoara zone looked like , when i used to go around there with my grandparents , even if i was only 3 or 4 years old . 
  do n't think so . 
  more like anti-barroso and anti-reding . 
  as i 've said , just bitter . 
  maybe we would 've had a higher turnout at the last eu elections if this did n't happen ( but 34 % was alright ) . 
  http://www.agerpres.ro/engleza-destinatie-romania/2014/06/12/destination-romania-deveselu-locals-pin-their-prosperity-hopes-on-nato-missile-shield-base-14-30-06 constructions are still underway , and i have n't heard anything about there being any hiccups . 
  so it 's probably on target to become operational in 2015 edit : another source http://actmedia.eu/daily/us-vice-admiral-there-is-no-delay-at-the-deveselu-shield-there-all-funding-sources/52500, 
  because just before that , there was a rebellion in kiev . 
  both the european parliament and commission intervened in our process of impeaching the president . 
  they dictated how stuff should happen , among other things , and they sided with a part of the political battle without seeing the whole picture . 
  it 's a little bit more complex then that . 
  a lot of things happened . 
  in the end the votes of 7.2 million people were ignored . 
  and a lot of people , me included , were left with a bitter taste afterwards . 
  i can see his point . 
  with no mad you have one power in the world that can eradicate everyone else , without suffering at all . 
  like that president , in iraq , right ? 
  that regime change that was totally not done by force and totally not at gunpoint . 
  and the regime change that 's totally not backfiring today . 
  uhm ... hello , romania here . 
  the summer of 2012 wants to have a word with you . 
  romania was doing alrightish at the end of his rule . 
  no debt , industry was still going strong . 
  but people were n't happy with their lives, 
  timisoara was the first mainland european city to be lit by electric street lamps in 1884 .
