  [ for more research ] ( https://www.gov.uk/browse/education/student-finance ) if in doubt , contact student finance , you should have all the links you need there . 
  ( if you 're accepted , they might only pay the tuition fees , so you will still need some money for living arrangements , and stuff ), 
  so you wan na fuck all the russian men but no russian women . 
  oh that would be awesome ... maybe then people ( companies ) will stop sending their money to the new russian tax haven . 
  some of the media brings it up quite often . 
  so maybe people know . 
  but there 's a lot of red tape involved in getting european money for projects and stuff , and that might also discourage people . 
  ( even though the red tape is necessary to make sure that money is spent properly ), 
  how sure are you that he 's in ukraine ? 
  they wo n't be able to join the eu for at least another 10 years . 
  not in their state . 
  the us is n't in the top 5 . 
  did n't the us release prisoners in exchange for 2 of their soldiers earlier this year ? 
  whoever it 's going to be , i do n't think it 's going to be the passengers . 
   edit : yep , the sub quality has already taken a nosedive where have you been for the past month ? 
  since the arrival of putinbots and anti-putinbots , a lot of the threads posted on / r/europe were just a circlejerk . 
  i 've never heard of potato pancakes being hungarian . 
  nor has it been cooked for me when i was young . 
  has my grandmother let me down ? 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  or just pancakes ( crepes ) filled with cheese , cooked in oven with a meringue crust and a bit of cream on top ? 
  what ? 
  that sounds weird ... 
  i 'd say stupid even . 
  when you say that the govt has been trying , where did they meet opposition from on this matter ? 
  i do n't know many romanians who go to the uk with their whole family from the start . 
  the people that i know about that have kids , have left their kids back home , with their grandparents , until they can earn enough money to support their family by themselves , and only then bring them over to the uk . 
  but then again , i might be hanging out with the ` wrong ' people . 
  i too laugh at the people who have n't lived under communism , or experienced anything related to it , try to compare something that 's happening today to what was happening 30 years ago in the ussr and other communist states . 
   but that website decided to go black and all kickstarter lol, 
  the only greedy ones here are the privately owned companies that will use this as an excuse ( if they can ) to further their profits , it 's something they 've learned from the american culture . 
  i do n't think it 's a question of ` if ' as much as it is of ` when ' ... at least my rent will be lower , eventually :d, 
  i dunno about others , but the isp i had while i was living in romania was n't cutting any corners . 
  the first time we got internet ( upgraded from dial-up ) we signed the contract on monday and on tuesday evening i had 2mbps broadband and good cable tv in my house . 
  10-11 years later , when we wanted to upgrade from 20mbps to fibre , same procedure , sign contract , one day later 200mbps was working flawlessly , and the price has actually gone down from what i was paying for the 20mbps package . 
  edit : i realise that providing water or gas or electricity ca n't be handled the exact same way as providing internet . 
  but if it could , we 'd be better off . 
  because maybe the the palestinians want to have palestine and accept the israeli as palestinian citizens , i would think . 
  what this guy said . 
  our 's also imposes leaving any party they 're currently a part of anyway , just did n't think to mention it . 
  sometimes , some people think that the windmills are giants that you 're supposed to slay . 
   a president has to represent all of his citizens equally you do n't have that in your constitution ? 
  according to our constitution the president is supposed to be a mediator between the other powers in the state and other parties . 
  not that our current guy respects it ... 
  so this evidence ... that shows that the rebels had anti-air before the plane went down . 
  why did n't the airspace get closed . 
  you fuckin pillock, 
  my point is that it 's fucking interesting that there 's absolutely no evidence of that launcher being in there , before the plane crash . 
  buddy , where are the videos of the same launcher moving inland , not away from the border ? 
  cause it was taken from the russians , right ? 
  make sure it 's uploaded on the ssu 's youtube channel , mkay ? 
   `` i ca n't tell you what the information is based on , '' harf said . 
  yup . 
  guys , i 'm * sure * they have wmds . 
  let 's not talk about this any further . 
  i 'm embarrassed about how high that woosh sound came from . 
  could be , but most of my moderate ( at least i consider them to be ) comments on this matter have had plenty of downvotes and practically no responses . 
  i believe that lately this whole ukraine thing on / r/europe has gone the way of threads that belong on / r/circlejerk, 
  this thread flew right over my head . 
  ugh ... especially after i promised myself i would n't post in any threads concerning ukraine . 
  should 've realised because of the guy that posted it . 
   it would actually be true for most bullshit . 
  except , india is literally on the other side of the world from the uk, 
  so it 's the mp 's assistants , and similar ? 
  cause if so , that 's weird . 
  it 's a good thing that the article you posted is behind a paywall . 
  are you a cop ? 
   you do n't even treat my side arguments seriously maybe because even moderate comments that are on the other side of the `` russia did this '' arguments get drowned in downvotes . 
  are n't palestinians semitic people too ? 
  i read a statementthat said they are , earlier on reddit , but did n't have time to look into it . 
  i agree , this is turning out to be a shitfest . 
  especially since ukraine has the procedure of presidential impeachment in their constitution . 
  they should 've made use of it , instead of organizing a coup . 
  is n't it interesting that there was a video of that anti-air technology moving out of wherever it supposedly was , but no video or evidence of it moving in ? 
  so uhm ... united states of europe ? 
  it 's happening ? 
  how about , no . 
  you know what 's gon na be funny after reading this ? 
  [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2bdj9m/american_anger_grows_over_france_arms_deal_with/ ), 
   everybody knows citation needed . 
  cause i 'm sure that 's not true . 
  short story : one of my colleagues at the university course i took ( in the uk ) thought egypt was actually the name given to the african continent . 
  yeah but the way he said it , ` look , we gave them money , so it 's no problem that they died ' . 
  and now the us has a clear conscience , after supporting israel so much . 
   he also is a lutheran , so fingers crossed for less influence of the orthodox church in the state . 
  what the fuck does the president have to do with that ? 
  oh i 'm sure that helps all those 500 dead civilians . 
  i do n't really think that 's how it works anymore . 
  well . . as far as i 'm concerned , poroshenko is illegitimately occupying the position he 's in , because of the reasons i mentioned in my first post . 
  and as far as metrics and data points are concerned , i ca n't say i 've seen discussion based on them , neither here , or in the media . 
  yes , but you see , the ` ukrainians ' in the east do n't really have an army anymore ... they 'll take whatever help they can get . 
  so they 'll work together , and as far as they know , that 's their only chance at getting what they want . 
  if you 're saying that there are n't people who want to secede from ukraine , then i think you 're wrong . 
  if everyone was fine why did they need a revolution to change the president ? 
  cause ukraine does have impeachment as a tool in the constitution , but they could n't use it cause the parliamentaries did n't all agree with it ( i think you need a quorum for it ) . 
  almost as if half the country did n't agree with the coup that was performed by the other half . 
  i would n't say that . 
  i 'd say that anything that did n't immediately blame russia got drowned in dowvotes , while not even being discussed . 
  i was going to suggest you hire a lawyer in the country where you 're applying , but i did n't think the costs would be that high . 
  do you need to do it right now ?
