  in the street !!, 
  it 's almost as if both countries were using subterfuge in ukraine to get some gains . 
  whichever those may be . 
  my results singaporean - american ( standard ) - australian english - norwegian - swedish, 
  hey !, 
  that burger looks pretty tasty . 
  they managed to grow a ` special ' kind of pepper , because of the ideal conditions . 
  ( among many other kinds of peppers ), 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paprika i 'd guess it 's because of the 3rd paragraph . 
  and according to the article , it was pretty popular everywhere in europe . 
  probably because food was shit before it , and it 's pretty easy to grow it in hungary , serbia , romania , cause of the ideal growing conditions between spring - fall . 
  european paprika used to be hot , till a guy from szeged found a sweet pepper fruit , and started growing that . 
  also , the word paprika can also refer to the peppers themselves . 
  at least that 's what i 've been thought by the hungarian part of my family . 
   the big difference is that voters in the uk , when voting , who 's to fault for that ? 
  when you have no parties in the large eu political groups , you ca n't really cry when you 're left out of the decision making . 
  did the voters know who schulz is ? 
  the other possible candidates from the large groups , groups in which you actually have parties in ? 
  i sure as hell heard of em , as parties in romania stated who they 'll support way before the election, 
   commission president candidates did not visit all member state countries . 
  well , do all of the candidates have parties that support them in every single member state ? 
  i do n't think any of the uk parties are affiliated with epp , so i can kinda see why he would n't visit the uk , because he ( juncker ) has no electorate there . 
  and if i 'm not mistaken , both verhofstad and schulz , have had interviews on romanian tv , and might have made appearances at our local parties ' conferences . 
   and that juncker was not on any ballot paper . 
  neither was cameron afaik . 
  also parties in romania made it pretty clear who their meps would support as head of the commission , before the vote . 
  that does n't sound or look like 75 % . 
  sounds like capitalism to me . 
   soylent what ? 
   that would force all the pubs in the old center to close at 11 that would 've been so stupid . 
  especially during the summer , when the only time you can hang out , grab a bear with friends , watch some football is past 10pm . 
  just like skin colour . 
  right ? 
  you definitely come across as a moron , from some of your comments here . 
   cause the whole high-speed train is ferried across well ... 
  i want to experience this . 
  one day . 
  you know , presidents do n't actually run the countries . 
  the goverments do . 
  most of what presidents are supposed do is sign shit , and do foreign related stuff . 
  they might get a mandate from the parliament to represent the country at eu stuff , so they might do that too . 
  what the fuck are you fucking talking about ? 
  for starters you have the meps , and then you have the council . 
  who is formed by the heads of states / goverment of the member countries . 
  so you 've got either your prime minister or your president on the council . 
  both of those are elected by the finnish people . 
  add to that add the meps and the majority has plenty of democratic means to control anything . 
  if you 're asking if someone physically coerced him to commit suicide , no , probably not . 
  by the metric that more people voted to impeach him then when he got elected , by about 50 % more . 
  i 'm pretty sure your president does n't actually run the country , unlike your goverment , headed by the prime minister . 
  yup just checked . 
  he does n't actually do shit . 
  a regime is about to end at the presidential elections this year . 
  that might contribute to all of this . 
  yeah but at the same time you could get 3 / 4 times the tax from the same surface . . maybe 2.5 if you want to be really sensible about it . 
  for every 4-level building , the minimum for tenants , would be 4 families ( 4 apartments ) , would n't it ? 
  that means for every 2 houses you convert to a 4-story building , you can get 2 more families in there at the very least ( i think it would be hard to make a single 4 story building on the foundation of a house , they might need to be a bit wider ) . 
  would n't that help a lot more ? 
  what ? 
  the title says enforce . 
  as in law enforcement ? 
  edit : nevermind . 
   `` dishonorable '' lol . 
  honour . 
  in the age when people get tried and killed by drone strike handlers . 
  what is international law though ? 
  these guys are ` rebels ' or whatever . 
  it 's not like they represent a whole nation that subscribes to any treaties . 
  plus , we 've seen international law broken by some of the most powerful nations in the world and nothing happened to them . 
  yeah . 
  that tends to happen when certain people use that word like it 's freaking butter and throw it at anything . 
   but they do not involve killing people not to our knowledge at least . 
   and jailing political opponents . 
  this is arguable in some countries, 
   the media spew blatant propaganda so what ? 
  if that 's what makes the people happy . 
  it 's not like they have everything closed down , and that there are no contacts with the rest of the world . 
   people are not allowed to manifest their views on the street yeah , ofc you ca n't just go out on the streets and protest without a permit . 
  just like many european / western countries . 
  what you 're saying is just as much ` propaganda ' as the news in russia . 
  and it 's kinda sad . 
  because they probably have no clue how shitty it was for the people who were still living under communist rule in the 80s . 
  and it feel like they 're ` making fun ' ( for a lack of better term ) of the people that did go through that time period . 
   i thought every other country who got independence from ussr did the same nope . 
  interestingly enough , our current president might 've been part of the securitate ( department of state security ) , the secret police agency of communist romania . 
  you 're rambling alright . 
  such source . 
  much convincing . 
  you do n't need to steal when they give them to you like hot-cakes . 
  you can actually pick and choose . 
  well ... 
  i can kinda see why those people do n't wan na be pat of ukraine anymore . 
  so edgy . 
  yeah . . the uk should compromise . 
  right ? 
  after being giving special treatment . 
  do you have a link for this contract ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  there 's breaking news every day !!!, 
  sensational !!,
