  maybe wait a couple of years , when you wo n't mind spending the money , or when you can consult your children and wife if they 'd like to get this second citizenship . 
  if you do n't want it that badly , it still would n't hurt going for it . 
  maybe you 'll get lucky , and wo n't need to appeal the first decision . 
  edit : i agree with the other comments that popped up . 
  it would be an extra opportunity for you and your kids . 
  i agree with you , and i do n't like what the op is trying to do . 
  but if this is happening , it 's disgusting . 
  uhm ... why would you have to pay that much ? 
  is your case complicated ? 
  i obtained my 2nd citizenship quite easily . 
  i only had to do a little bit of legwork : 1 . apply at a local consulate 2 . apply again at a local council office in the country of the citizenship i was applying for 3 . go to a ceremony at the embassy 4 . receive passport and id in mail i only had to pay some admin fee for the files to be handled , and a small amount of money for the passport . 
  as for the documents i needed , these were my grandfather 's and my great-grandfather 's birth certificates . 
  ( my mother applied for the 2nd citizenship at the same time as i did ) but yeah , it would be awesome to have that kind of access to so many countries down the line , without any hassle . 
  so you 're not moving with a job ? 
  then i would say , pretty much anywhere that has a good connection to easy / fast travel . 
  and there are a lot of beautiful places , it just depends on what you like ( and by that i mean , weather , scenery , budget even ), 
  mate , seriously now , all of this evidence , all of these videos , all of those intercepted phone calls just started showing up only after the civilian plane got shot down ? 
  after all this ` evidence ' showed up are you seriously going to tell me that there was absolutely no sort of evidence ** before ** the plane got shot down ? 
  no evidence to warrant at least a fucking warning to the airlines ? 
  to icao ? 
  i certainly hope there was n't , i hope that buk missile launcher just magically appeared in the warzone , or otherwise i 'd be willing to say that the ukrainian secret service and govt are playing a dangerous game what with the deaths of 300 people . 
  well ... if you 're not pro-israel , you 're an antisemite ; heh . 
   i 'm also fairly certain they did n't think the separatists crazy enough to use them on civilian aircraft . 
  in a time where i need to make sure that my devices have enough battery to be turned on while in a line in the airport you 're telling me this ? 
  security agencies and govt agencies around the world are coming up with ways to put in more precautions for ` safety ' , and then you 've got these guys . 
   i 'm fairly sure the ukrainian intelligence services knew if a single ukrainian govt official knew about this ( like the president ) , and did n't make a single fucking warning , then that person is just as responsible for the death of 300 people as the guys who pulled the trigger . 
  if your secret service was any fucking good and a pillar of what 's right they would 've had evidence of russians / separatists moving in the missile launcher before they had the chance to use them and closed down the airspace . 
  but no ... the moment ` evidence ' surfaces is after damage has been done . 
  i do n't trust the ukrainians any more than i 'd trust putin . 
  heck , i would n't be surprised if the ukranian secret service is used for propaganda , just like their russian counterparts . 
  noooo !!!!, 
  that would never work . 
  i 'm not sure what kind of answer you want me to give you ? 
  you already demonstrated that you 're ignorant enough to use a word that 's supposed to be powerful like it 's nothing . 
  and i 'm sure that my comment was pretty clear . 
  now the question i need to ask you is , are you really stupid or just acting it ? 
  nevermind , do n't aswer , i remember some of your past comments . 
   it 's an indirect admission of guilt lol what ? 
  is that the way the the justice system in the us works ? 
  saying not guilty means you 're guilty ? 
  and does the opposite work ? 
  what kind of action could the council take ? 
  against russia ? 
  ca n't they just veto it ? 
  well he has a fucking point , if the ukraine was n't 100 % sure that their airspace is safe , who the fuck oked flights in there ? 
  they have a secret service who according to some posters here can come up with evidence that separatists are moving buks , but they did n't have it before ? 
  yeah , right . 
  i agree with mkvgtired , you 're stupid . 
  stop throwing that word around . 
  that was n't an act of terrorism . 
  if you keep using it like that , soon enough it wo n't mean anything . 
  you do understand , that at the way things currently stand , all the people in that area ( western ukrainian , eastern ukrainians and russians ) are to blame , and on the whole , maybe even more . 
  and this is why we 're lucky that people like you are n't in a position to push certain buttons . 
  ( yet ), 
  but if your father beats the neighbour 's children , you should be punished too , right ? 
  ca n't argue with that !, 
  you know what would be better ? 
  if people did n't post miss-leading titles . 
  so what makes it an invalid argument ? 
  the fact that you do n't like it ? 
  it does n't fit with your story ? 
  it was the 4th plane that was shot down . 
  1st civillian one . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , no sane commercial pilot would 've flown above that area . 
  well ... if the piece of news going around here about the separatists stealing the aa equipment from ukrainian bases 2 days ago is true ... and ukraine was like `` yeah sure , go ahead , fly in our air space , it 's 100 % safe '' then ... yeah ... that 's irresponsible and stupid . 
  man , it 's common sense . 
  if it 's true that the aa equipment was stolen from the ukrainian bases , and they still oked the flights , i would say that was stupid and irresponsible , and that they should share part of the blame . 
  and you 're just saying shit , without thinking a little . 
  well ... we would n't have this discussion if a coup did n't take place a couple of months ago in kiev , would we ? 
   and yes , i 'd volunteer . 
  go ahead mate , you do n't have to wait , go to ukraine , they 'll get you situated . 
  hehehehe, 
  you know who else fucked up ? 
  the authorities who oked the flights when they knew that the separatists ransacked the military bases and might 've had better aa equipment . 
  so who are you going to punish ? 
  the actual people who pulled the trigger are going to be gone with the wind way before any party will secure the area . 
  the people who stole the vehicle will do the same as well , go back to their pre-rebel lives , until any secret services find them , if they ever will . 
  are you going to punish the ukrainian officials who did n't warn airlines about the possibility of the rebels having such equipment ? 
  or them just blindly oking flights above the area ? 
  are you gon na punnish the people who made that coup happen ? 
  back when the revolution happened ? 
  where all this shitshow started from ? 
  or are you gon na punish russia ? 
  and together with them a good amount of european citizens ? 
  how about the politicians , the world 's politicians , some of the most powerful men and women , who let this shitshow amount to what it is today ? 
  are you gon na let them off the hook ? 
  edit : was hungry , ate some words , went to grocery shop to buy more . 
  te crezi intelectual , a ? 
  mai du-te si tu pe la scoala  better take your nonsense somewhere else . 
  maybe he 's suggesting that if ukrainians knew that they lost bases to the separatists , maybe they should 've warned airlines that the ` rebels ' are now in possession of better aa equipment . 
  i 've seen a link going around , ca n't find it right now , on mobile . 
  but it was saying how the separatists got their hand on some equipment from military bases in ukraine . 
  now i do n't know if that is true ... but if it is , i think someone did n't do their job properly in notifying the airlines , or whoever deals with important information like this . 
  a romanian ex-military and now currently commercial pilot , said in an interview , that basically , pilots can choose whether to go around the conflict area and that it 's their responsibility in the end . 
  he also said that he always took a different route , even if it meant less profits , because he did n't want to take a risk . 
  if the airline pressured the pilot into not taking a safer route , then i 'd blame them too . 
  i would guess the ukranian govt would n't want the world to know that parts of the army might 've defected , or surrendered and given a bunch of weapons and military equipment to some ` rebels ' , mercenaries , or whatever the heck you want to call them . 
  after all , did n't the usa meddle into what was happening in ukraine as well ? 
  if we 're speculating . 
  i 'd say it 's just as likely that the ukrainian military that defected to the ` separatist 's ' side might be trained enough to use these , and if the bases from where they 've defected had the equipment , they took it with em .
