  but i do n't think there was a market at the time . 
  they sold all but one of the larger apartments around 93 . 
  i 'll take an average 3-roomed apartment in romania any tine over an average small house in the uk , and not because of the price . 
   the communist regime made of point of providing everyone with a home my parents owned 4 apartments coming out of the communism . 
  two of them had 3 rooms and the other two had one room each . 
  i 'm not sure , why they got the small appartments , but the large ones , they 've received for working as engineers , as far as i know . 
  also my uncle , who is a teacher , received a 5 room apartment . 
  oh , i would n't say that . 
  ok , 60 % was about farage and ukip , 20 % about how ed milliband ate a sandwich and did n't look posh while doing it , 15 % about the conservatives , and 5 % went to assorted parties and stuff . 
  was that a more accurate depiction ? 
  and it was visible on / r/unitedkingdom too . 
  it is . 
  must go . 
  yes but when you do something like this against people , and then those people can only go to a country where they 've been given the status of ` free people ' and a century later you say that the romani are romania 's problem and they should be the only one 's to endure and solve ` that problem ' , i think it 's a little bit ... odd , to say the least . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/sweden-admits-to-racial-purification-1247261.html http://real-agenda.com/2014/04/01/sweden-admits-to-persecuting-and-sterilizing-gypsies/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people#post-1945 http://www.thelocal.se/20130925/50432 they 've tried to hide it , and they usually do n't comment about it . 
  it 's a skeleton they 've had in their closet for a while now . 
  and when you bring it up , it 's like rubbing salt on an open wound . 
  maybe they 're atoning for the ethnic cleansing they 've done in the past . 
  the young and the restless , who else will do something stupid again ? 
  find out today at 16:00 !!, 
  ( or whatever time it was on at ), 
  what germany is doing is not even comparable to what the us are doing . 
  if you would 've read the 4-5 articles that were posted here in the span of the last two days , maybe you would 've realised that . 
   they 've never done anything stupid on the basis of idiotic theories like that as far as i 'm aware `` climate change is not a thing and even if it were , it does n't affect us '' this is just one of the tamer stupid things done by them based on idiotic theories . 
  i was n't trying to . 
  just pointing out that the situation would n't change . 
  if one were to believe your poopliticians . 
  according to your media , your government does n't have any power already . 
  and to respond to your question , so they do n't use that argument just as a scapegoat , while being a lie . 
  ... sigh, 
  are there enough ` legal ' spots to chain your bike to ? 
  especially after the increase in riders ? 
  i did n't say you were , it just made me chuckle , 
  that 's funny coming from someone with a swedish flair . 
  you just posted this bullshit not even an hour ago . 
  plus none of those pictures have verifiable dates on them . 
   yeah i wonder why subreddit is anti-russian , that 's all you took away from that whole fucking comment ? 
  holy goddamn shit . 
  if it were true , this would be amazing . 
  looking forward to seeing more about this . 
  well if it 's already cored , they have a reconquest cb . 
  diplo-annexing initiated , this way they do n't need to spend the points on coring the region . 
  makes sense if you ask me . 
  there are plenty of religious ` sects ' that are illegal in most parts of europe . 
  but i do n't know if deporting is a viable solution . 
  was it actually a ` terrorist ' flag ? 
  i 've seen black flags flown before in mourning for someone . 
  anyway , the police can investigate and say what they find . 
   what makes you think usa has alliances by force uhm ... the fact that it has the biggest army in the world . 
  or the most nuclear weapons . 
  the spying on allies ... there 's plenty more reasons . 
  i swear ... almost every time i see one of your comments i sigh irl . 
  he learned from the fsb . 
  sigh ... 
  sigh ... 
  sigh ... 
  getting the eu money is hard ; there 's a lot , a lot of red tape for private citizens to bypass to only get to that money ( this was for businesses , last i know ) . 
  i do n't know how it is in the other countries though , but maybe our problem is that the bureaucratic system is slow in itself , and might have nothing to do with eu rules and stuff . 
  i did n't think of that . 
  what does having fast internet have to do with being poor ? 
  when you pay 12 $ / month for 200mbps , it ai n't expensive . 
  that 's like 2 mcdonald 's meals . 
  do you realise that there was nobody to watch those beautiful women on cams before ? 
  because if you look at the graphs , you 'll see romania had a better network waaaay before most of the other countries . 
  do i know you ? 
  i think i know you . 
  still playing with the owls ? 
  do n't worry . 
  they 've had it pretty bad long before the holocaust . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antiziganism#history_of_antiziganism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_romani_people#persecution and i 'm sure there 's a lot more out there . 
   are you an expert of ukrainian constitutional law ? 
  are you though ? 
  just prior to the whole revolution , the eu said that yanukovich had to sign some sort of law so that the ukraine could revert to another ( older ? ), 
  constitution . 
  so i 'm asking to see , if someone can clear this up . 
  just cause putin agreed with it , does n't mean i should n't ask questions . 
  edit : are you saying that what 's done is done and we should n't talk about it ? 
  then we should be done talking about everything else you might wan na talk about . 
  like the annexation of crimea , and other unfortunate events . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_presidential_impeachment_referendum,_2012 ) edit : also there 's a whole debacle of it because , supposedly , the electoral register was n't updated , and that there were more eligible voters on it than the current population of romania . 
  i 'm sure you only need 1 guy with formal training , who can give a crash-course to the help he gets . 
  obviously they were n't that good at it , cause they were n't able to tell if the plane they 're shooting at was civilian or military . 
  the way i see it there 's 3 options here : 1 . 
  active russian personnel 2 . 
  rebel who was ex-military either in russia , or ukraine 3 . 
  deserting ukrainian army guy and as far as i 'm concerned all 3 options are just as likely, 
  a similar movement , to impeach a president of romania ( who has not respected the constitution ) was called a coup by both europe and the us . 
  8.5 mil people voted . 
  7.4 voted for the impeachment . 
  was called a coup . 
  the total participants of the vote in 2009 were 10.5 mil . 
  does it matter how many people voted on it , if the vote was unconstitutional ? 
  how did they impeach yanokovuch though ? 
  without holding a referendum ? 
  i 'm not sure if that impeachment was done respecting ukraine 's constitution . 
  and all you need is 1 guy who knows what to do . 
  or you know ... ex-military . 
  their army seems to be so divided that they do n't know where the russian borders are and they wander over to russia for some dessert, 
  i think you should be able to apply for student financing in the the uk , even though you are n't a european resident . 
  check it out here https://www.gov.uk/student-finance/who-qualifies .
