  but this is too tin-foil-hatty for me to believe . 
   causing a cheeky bit of eu infighting if the nsa thing did n't cause this . 
  or the eu commission 's decisions at the 2012 romanian president impeachment referendum ( and calling a democractical procedure , that 's written in our constitution , a coup ) did n't cause such a thing . 
  if nulland 's and kerry 's involvement in ukraine , before the ukrainian revolution did n't cause this ... then politicians saying it like it is are definitely not going to cause fighting between the eu states . 
   showing that no-one , even eu members , are shielded do you mean politically ? 
  as in blackmail advantage over high-ranking politicians of sorts ? 
  well ... it 's pretty obvious ( to me ) that our politicians are n't shielded from any such influence ... 
  especially from the guys that we know wire tap high ranking politicians in the eu ( i 'm look it at you angela ) . 
  i 'm sure those guys have a lot more blackmaily stuff than russia does ... 
  so i think our politicians are already on their knees ... and maybe even swallowing . 
   which may spook the cia and other intel agencies . 
  cia probably has nothing over nsa , and nsa is the internal security agency of the us . 
  technically cia are the guys who deal with foreign stuff ... not the nsa . 
  ( at least the way i understand it ), 
  because the people who campaign for it do everything they can to omit important details in the ` facts ' they use to convince people . 
  an american citizen , ran over a romanian guy once while driving drunk i think ) . 
  i dunno if he was military or not , and i do n't remember well enough to search for sources . 
  but what followed was pretty sad . 
  he never got tried in romania , by our judges , he got deported to america , where he got ` acquitted ' of whatever crime he supposedly did . 
  [ hahahaha ha ha poland !, 
  ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/us-vice-admiral-says-no-delay-for-the-missile-shield-in-deveselu-romania/123924/ ), 
  i have a feeling a part of the polish secret service ( if they have nay ) might be involved in recording and maybe leaking this . 
  redditor for 2 days . 
  you 're here to stir shit up . 
  he 's a romanian national part of the transylvanian saxon ethnicity . 
  i 'm part of both the hungarian minority and the romanian majority . 
  that does n't make me special . 
  he might not even make it to the ballot if he gets convicted of that shady house thing he did , in the trial he 's a part of . 
  yup , here you go again proving ( to me ) that you 're a propaganda-bot , just trying to stir shit up . 
  no you wo n't . 
  because they have the same fucking rights as everyone else ( perhaps even more ) , and if they can get someone who will have a majority behind them , then , in the worst case scenario you 'll have his supporting majority fighting the `` riotees '' and the police and army in the middle , fighting everyone . 
  are you seriously comparing a president to a prime-minister ?!? 
  what the fuck 's wrong with you ? 
  unless all you 're trying to do is bad mouth a prime-minister . 
  they 're jobs are n't even slightly related . 
  the only reason the bald guy was a ` playa ' was that he had fucking puppets as prime-ministers , and the head of the parliament someone who could n't fucking count . 
   supported super immunity of mps the only person with a super immunity is a bald guy , and he is n't part of the govt , and his immunity is n't even granted by the constitution . 
   generally having a bad reputation in europe after trying to impeach the president along with crin antonescu back in 2012 . 
  because half the fucking voting population wanted to impeach the president . 
  i think you 're propaganda-bot trying to stir shit up . 
  funnily enough there used to be a pop-girl-band called asia in romania as well . 
  ugh ... that last sentence made my head spin . 
  what ? 
  no way !, 
  it does n't sound silly enough . 
  it 's a muslim conspiracy !, 
  are you implying that the people in the colonies did n't take up arms to wage war against the uk ? 
   ... people lie . 
  nooo !!!!, 
  is n't it evil to evade paying tax ? 
  some guy could die if enough people do n't pay their taxes , because the country ca n't subsidise the expensive treatment for his cancer anymore , or whatever other disease . 
  yup , it started like a week ago . 
  the tapes have been given to prosecutors in good-faith , for a case of sorts together with a complaint ( shit 's complicated ) . 
  and today the lawyer of the ` tape-giving ' party was all nuclear , he told the people he represents on live tv at 4 pm to release the tapes everywhere because he believed the prosecutors stopped acting in good-faith . 
  and later , at 9 pm they started showing them on tv , together with some explanations from the lawyer . 
  would it be ludicrous to think that it was carried out ( the act of video-taping ) by whatever secret services you have in your country ? 
  what do you think ? 
  leaked-incriminating-video-tapes hype !!, 
  who 's the dumb and who 's the funny ? 
  awww ... no you did n't . 
  you ca n't represent the people that do n't want to directly represented . 
  and you know how democracy works . 
  if you and the other 60 % of the people that did n't vote feel like you ca n't be represented by the current parties , you get up and make your own party . 
  if you indeed want to be represented at any level . 
  romania is not in schengen yet . 
   justitia is blind for a reason . 
  that 's not justice bro . 
  i ca n't carry out the act of justice , you ca n't , a bunch of fucking savages in a parisian suburb ca n't . 
  especially the guys who got robbed , because there is no way in hell for them to be anything other than subjective . 
   in poland commies talked with commies what do you mean by that ? 
  they agreed to ` step down ' ? 
  interesting . 
  i shit you not , that sounds exactly like something that would happen in romania . 
  edit : just finished watching a tv show where they released some video tapes . 
  the tapes were showing the president 's brother promising to a guy to get his father released from prison for 600.000 euros . 
  so what 's happening in poland ? 
  more exactly , what 's the scandal about ? 
  what 's so bad about the leaked videos ? 
  there used to be a thing ( like 150-140 years ago ) , where people in exceptional circumstances would be dubbed `` senators for life '' ( actually they 'd receive a 9 year mandate to become a senator ) . 
  these people would be the patriarch , generals / marshals of the army and maybe ( i 'm not sure about this ) ex-presidents . 
  but i think that law or whatever was abolished with the communists . 
  yesterday there was a meeting at the senate to celebrate 150 years since the formation of the institution of the senate . 
  party leaders and other important government people were asked to make statements in front of the senate . 
  and i think something along the lines of what the article says was said there . 
  i 've no idea what he means by family , cause i do n't know the whole context of the statement . 
  yeah but if he 's supported by 2 of the groups ( epp and sd ) that 'll be over 50 % wo n't it ? 
  and that 's how it seems to be at the moment , to my knowledge . 
  why you hef to be mad ? 
  i 'm just happy that corruption is being investigated , even if it 's in the president 's family . 
  multiple elections = more money spent . 
  elections can get expensive . 
  it 's a blessing for the budget when 2 elections line up to be at the same time . 
  ( but also a curse for the parties ) but this would n't be the case if both the parliamentary and the president elections happen at the same time . 
  a president elected with only 35 % would suck tho . 
  so you probably need multiple elections ( runs ) for a single presidential election = more money spent . 
  imo , it can be worse . 
  and a nightmare at the same time . 
  cause parties could spread a lot of misinformation . 
  and maybe for many other reasons that i ca n't think of at the moment . 
  i was just curious .
