why are people in europe so cowardly to stand back and watch genocide take place ? 
  in bosnia europes own backyard men and boys lined up and shot dead and europe still didint do shit, 
  french people are so obsessed with their soon to be dead language, 
  progressive ireland, 
  if the majority if you wanted to unite then you would of united already look at your political parties and their stance on uniting, 
  spain would be the one to attack and try to annex the rock and who do you think the international community would support ? 
  dont forget the uk is a unsc member and a founder of nato and the us 's number 1 ally, 
  they want to stay british mate get over it, 
  dont forget the war of spanish succession, 
  yes and a homeless person gets 1 vote just like a billionaire does but who do you think influences politics more ? 
  because it turned into the pan german union who wants their country to be run by foreigners ? 
  run by people in a different land who never set foot in your country but that have power over legislation ? 
  fuck that edit : since this got a lot of replies look at it like this eastern european countries economies all rely on germany if germany wanted to they could destroy the economy of these countries overnight german companies own these countries pretty much southern european countries have been stagnating/declining thanks to the euro for years now so they are irrelevant in the eu norway , switzerland , sweden and finland are pretty distant from the eu politically france is having their own internal political problems to deal with austria is a german state . 
  belgium and netherlands are pretty much controlled by germany especially belgium now this just leaves the uk . 
  even if its a 1v1 between germany and the uk , germany still has the advantage because of their bigger population and economy and thats before we get all of their client states involved , the uk 's voice in the eu is drowned out/ignored, 
  only 50 %, 
  the eu is not the biggest economy on earth anymore mate 1950 europe was in control of anglo saxons, 
  well there 's a simple solution why doesnt spain want to take this matter to the international court of justice ? 
  if the eu wants the uk pay a random sum of money than the uk should demand the rest of the debt to be paid back, 
  eu is the one importing people from countries that support the extermination of jews france has one of the most anti semitic societies, 
  german nationalism in the eu is worse wanting to rule over the rest of europe , but hey third time is the charm right, 
  the eu is just germany ruling over other countries . 
  just another version of the soviet union the soviet union lasted 69 years while the eu only has been around for 24 and is already unstable when the eu crumbles germany will be nothing but a weak central european state at the mercy of the uk, 
  the un considers those waters to belong to gibraltar, 
  and when will germany pay back their ww2 debt to the uk ? 
  lepen is a really good speaker / has good insults `` do n't play games with me . 
  we do not have a teacher - student relationship here '' . 
  `` we 'll be led by a woman , either merkel or me '' . 
  the uk not wanting to clean up your mess is ignoring responsibilities ? 
  the uk gives more international aid than germany does british people donate more to charities than germans the uk has contributed more to humanity with their scientific achievements than germany has ever done, 
  the only thing you gave to europe was austerity and the greek recession, 
   of course spain should not tolerate a smuggling hq at their borders . 
  we all know how piraty the uk was . 
  without this gibraltar will become a barren rock again of course the uk should not tolerate a enemy hq at their borders . 
  we all know how nazi germany was . 
  without the eu germany will become a barren shithole again, 
  the treaty didint mention water at all under international law they are entitled to that water, 
   you 're telling me a mile long rock has a claim to `` waters '' when it 's surrounded by a country 100,000 times its size ? 
  according to the un yes . 
  doesnt matter what salty spaniards think, 
  just because they consider those waters theirs doesnt mean they own it spain is violating international law . 
  uk obeys international law so whos the one acting like north korea ? 
  then why does spain have a active territorial dispute for that land ? 
  why does spain keep trying to get joint sovereignty ? 
  why is spain scared to take issue to the international court ? 
  the un is on uk 's side, 
  they can go ahead and close the border their dear leader franco had the border closed for 30 year and it didint do shit, 
  what french fighters ? 
  the only ones i can think of are the ones who fought against the allies for vichy france, 
  i love how the eu puts up a charade like they are a equally important group when we spoke with the soviet union we spoke with russia not their stupid satellite states the eu is made up of germany and their satellite states its time for anglo saxons to take back control of europe, 
  where do you get money from ? 
  surely your unemployed like most french people are . 
  you must pan handle in paris like the rest of your family yes im sure you kids will go to some crappy french university and still be unemployed after they graduate . 
  maybe they can become professional protestors ? 
  soon may will be sitting in the charred remains of angelas chair, 
  i love german logic patriotism in the german state is bad but nationalism in the eu a organization ran by germany wanting to form a central government ran by germany is good, 
  degualle was the same thats why he made france leave nato but you still came crawling back when you realized you are nothing without nato, 
  they will do better than some wanabe german state, 
   ( except those smug greek-americans ) . 
  so many greeks own restaurants here in the us they are making lots of money, 
  his 7 year old wife was free, 
  english is more romance than it is germanic, 
  paris is a dirty shit hole, 
  hes a little 14 year old twat, 
  thats what they said about the soviet union it will happen eventually maybe not tomorrow but definitely in my life time, 
   the eu is a bigger market than the us and the us are much more reliant on exports than we are because of the massive deficit . 
  not anymore, 
  thats not true the us can survive with the eu they became a super power before the eu even existed the eu cant survive without the us, 
  the eu is nothing without the us , silly little german state, 
  you germans try to act like victims, 
  ok democratic republic of ireland it is, 
  lmao southern ireland wants to destroy it self so bad maybe one day southern ireland will join great britain again more likely than the uk joining the eu, 
  the eu economy is not `` just as big ' as the us, 
  because you have never done that in the history of your nation look at the statistics germans donate less to charity than british people germany gives less foreign aid than the uk does, 
  reuniting east and west germany was the stupidest mistake the us has ever made, 
  terrorist attacks every month you even have slums in your cities, 
  albania isint gona start wars anytime soon serbia is like the north korea of europe they just talk they wont do anything, 
  i love this guy he just fucking destroys people, 
  lol its a good neighbourhood just watch out for the fucking grenades, 
   i 'm sure france does at times too but i do n't know any specific examples . 
  french soldiers actually did a good job in the yugoslav wars, 
  your not bad guys just incompetent guys who let civilians die, 
  who do fins discriminate against ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  thats like saying people from the south arent american cause of the civil war dutch are not similar to germans in any way, 
  everyone, 
  the us is better to live in than any country in europe with the exception of uk germany austria switzerland netherlands norway denmark and even then there are exception and other factors to consider, 
  classic the defintion of `` europe '' and `` western europe '' always changing to fit the narrative, 
  gay marriage abortion seperation of church and state sunday mass attendance ireland is more religious and conservative, 
  gay marriage abortion seperation of church and state sunday mass attendance ireland is more religious and conservative, 
  finland is the poorest country in scandinavia with the lowest standard of living best in the world ? 
  what metric ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita none that i could see, 
  finland is in recession with a failing economy because the 1 successful company in your country went bankrupt, 
  dont forget the disgusting animal abuse going on in spain too, 
  surprise surprise poor small countries with no industry have low co2 emissions who would of thought such a thing, 
  right ? 
  they literally raped and slaughtered their way through east germany as revenge, 
  neutrality only matters when others decide to play along, 
  why would he endorse a candidate he does n't agree with ?
