  [ well , here 's something interesting that just popped up . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/skynewsbreak/status/747178341514489856 ) make of it what you will . 
  i seriously do not see farage being involved in negotiations , but then again i did not see leave winning either , assuming boris does n't backpeddle . 
  but i did not see leave winning iether so there 's that . 
  they were probably banking on the `` status quo '' factor to kick in , and most of their claims on leaving were bullshit anyway , they probably were hoping people saw through their drivel , but it turns out people did n't . 
  it was a absolute miscalculation on cameron 's part in putting a referendum in his manifesto in 2015 and underestimating anti-eu sentiment ( what i mean is the people who hate the eu more and are willing vote than the people who are `` ok '' with europe but not that enthusiastic ) , and miscalculated the opportunism of boris to use it as a power play , and boris himself miscalculated the same degree of anti-eu sentiment . 
  they all fucked up . 
  and your middle paragraph is pretty much spot on . 
  there is a possibility that whoever is prime minister may never invoke article 50 because whoever does has committed political suicide . 
  but there is still a chance they may invoke it , meaning scotland could potentially leave meaning whoever invoked a. 50 will go down as the pm who oversaw the break up of the uk ; part of dave 's final `` fuck you . '', 
  and , you 're not the only one who 's angered by this . 
  this tory game of thrones has risked this country 's economy , which we still have yet to see the full damage , and not only that we 've hurt the economies of our allies in europe and elsewhere in the world . 
  lots of people have already realised this , but unfortunately boris will likely be voted in anway , it also does n't help that as a result of the referendum our main opposition party is now in a civil war too , which one wing of the party is using the result as an excuse to oust jeremy corbyn who 've they 've been trying to get rid off for months . 
  as of now , we have no effective leadership , no effective government , no opposition , and no plan . 
  it 's a complete clusterfuck . 
  the comment the article is referring to , that whole swatch of bold text . 
  i seriously can not believe how much traction that one innocuous comment has garnered that started off here and has spread like wild fire onto facebook now various news outlets . 
  this is where all the political intrigue comes into play . 
  you see , the conservatives , ala johnson and gove , who championed leave , never expected to leave to win . 
  they only fought for leave to position themselves for a take over the leadership * when * remain won . 
  i 'm not sure if you watched the referendum live , but before the result senior conservative party members signed a document calling for cameron to remain as party leader and as prime minister because they knew the shit that would follow if leave had truly won . 
  cameron who also expected a somewhat easy victory , saw that for what it was . 
  in political terms that document was saying they wanted cameron to stay as leader so they could use him as the fall guy when the inevitable shit hit the fan on friday morning , and boy did the shit explode ; talk of another scottish independence referendum , talk of a vote on irish reunification , the pound dropped to 1985 levels and the markets crashed , and would have continued to if mark carney the governor of the bank of england did n't have an emergency plan in place . 
  cameron noped the fuck out of that and decided to resign so that boris , as a final `` fuck you '' farewell , now has to pick up the pieces so if shit does go south and it most likely will then boris can deal with it . 
  and who can blame cameron , he only called the referendum in order to put the nail in the coffin to ukip to stop them stealing conservative votes , which is even more political bullshit for you . 
  that 's why there was and is no plan , no one actually intended leave to win . 
  the whole referendum , the whole fight was nothing more than a tug of war for political capitol that 's backfired on everyone . 
  edit [ here 's something that just came up , make of it what you will ] ( https://twitter.com/skynewsbreak/status/747178341514489856 ) . 
  was n't this actually a parody ? 
  i hate dave but if he resigned as a final `` fuck you '' to boris , he may have regained a little respect in my book , especially considering the long history of their feud that started way back in their early eton days . 
  either way , a future government ignores the concerns of half the country . 
  god help us all if the referendum result inspires huge swaths of anti-establishment people to vote for trump , giving him the victory . 
  the petition is useless , i do n't think government really does anything with any of them away . 
  this , however , is not really about expecting another referendum , the petition is essentially a cry from people who now find them themselves disenfranchised and people should be seeing it as such , not necessarily that they expect it to happen . 
  like you said we can still hold another referendum in future if there 's reform , and not least because farage said we 'd have got another referendum if remain won by a small margin , i do n't think anyone can say actual result was won by that big a margin , it 's been down right divisive . 
  but like i said i do n't think in reality this is so much a demand for another referendum despite the title of the petition but just merely a reactionary cry . 
  they 're linking the two because there is no other suitable denonym for someone who 's an eu citizen . 
  clearly the word european can have more than one meaning just like other words with different contexts ; no different than the notion if the uk ceased to exist as a political body someone from england or scotland could still identify as being british , it does n't just have to be a descriptor for someone of the british isles . 
  and if there are people who identity with being an eu citizen and believe in the idealism for which it stands for then you might as well put up a wall through the channel and the north sea in terms of the emotional severance the vote has caused with regards to their identity . 
  whether or not it 's justified it 's certainly not without merit . 
   to make the entire uk not actually leave the eu no one here is making that point , this is about only scotland leaving the uk , not the uk leaving the eu . 
  eventually , just not now , it 's only been a day . 
  their idiocy affects us all but as one of the people who voted against their idiocy and still has to live with them i 'm still somewhat unforgiving of them at the moment . 
  frankfurt is the only viable option but even then i doubt it can actually replace the city for a while or at least until i see more activity from the finance sector indicating otherwise . 
  i voted remain and i agree with him . 
  we came to a result and even us on the remain side must respect that result in good faith over its intent which i doubt was to linger on and on . 
  i have absolutely 0 sympathy for them . 
  i hope they fully reap what they 've sewn . 
  is there anything in the treaties allowing the eu to eject members ? 
  perhaps not how politicians act but [ it is how real life works ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unilateral_declaration_of_independence ), 
  hence why i said it would be a political nuke so not likely , but that the option exists if she needs it . 
  it does n't , that 's the point of a * unilateral * declaration of independence . 
  they declare themselves independent regardless of westminster agrees with it or not . 
  they do n't have to . 
  if sturgeon wants to she could declare unilateral independence which would be a political nuke so it 's not likely but the option is always there . 
  triple whammy ; * leave result * cameron resigning * scottish referendum thanks brexit, 
  i 'm someone who grew up in britain only because of the british empire and that empire holds a special place in my heart but despite that i always had a strong affinity with the eu and what it stood for , and believed britain 's destiny was with the eu . 
  the imperial past was the anchor which my identity was proudly rooted and the eu represented the future i was yearning to reach ; that made up my national identity , to me what it meant to be british . 
  now all that has been wrenched from me and i feel completely disenfranchised from everything . 
  i 'm still proud of my identity , but i feel it 's been lobotomised . 
  everything south of the flag pole at least . 
  salmond literally called it last night too that cameron would n't stay . 
  so much for them swarming the uk , let alone the eu , by 2020 . 
  kinda naive to call one so soon without seeing the real fallout of uk 's exit . 
  so if the markets had been sure of a brexit before today and planned accordingly there would still have been a hit to the markets , but given that they shored themselves up before the counting started was today 's hit , as a result , a lot more of a drop than had it been my preposition of having prepared for a brexit from the start ? 
  do n't forget nearly half our country still loves you . 
  complete shit and devoid of belonging . 
  that 's how i feel right now . 
  half my country may have voted leave , but i 'll always be remain . 
  bbc calling it . 
  leave win . 
  so who 's going straight to sleep after the result is declared rather than waiting for the fallout of either eventuality ? 
  this time inner london will try with them . 
  `` thanks brexit '', 
  total number is what ultimately matters . 
  districts give an idea of leaning . 
  most of my wealth is in gold and silver . 
  i 'd make a killing in a leave vote , would much rather remain though . 
  i wo n't be happy till the fat lady sings . 
  do n't care about these minor fluctuations here and there . 
  not really . 
  more likely the referendum has been hijacked as a proxy vote of no confidence on the tories , on austerity , on cameron , aka scapegoat . 
  not particularly given the markets shored up this morning , most likely on their own private polls . 
  that they believed those polls and acted accordingly means a surprise brexit result will shock the markets much harder than if a brexit was a certainty a week ago and which they could have planned and prepared for ahead of time . 
  it may still settle in the next few days , but it will do so significantly lower . 
  when the newcastle result came out it dropped 6 % . 
  that was always the problem with the debate . 
  leavers hate the eu more than the remainers love it . 
  flooding was pretty bad in some areas . 
  skeletor on bbc was saying flooding and adverse weather may have had an affect on turnout in london . 
  it seems the flooding and adverse weather * may * have had an affect on turnout in london . 
  a remain win would also cause a meltdown from the other side , so if you want to see a meltdown you can just go to sleep and wake up to the carnage . 
  either way my anxiety on election night is going to be fixed with a handy bottle of whisky by my side . 
   face the fact : your trade laggard is your own making . 
  if the uk is mad enough to leave i swear to you for the next 20 years every politician will still be blaming the eu for their future problems as to why they might not be doing well off , just like the tories to this day still blame labour for the economic crash for all their own failed targets and promises since coming into power . 
  worried about turkey 's membership ? 
  do n't worry , orban 's got your back . 
  not even a case of being uneducated , but also being unmotivated , a lot of people , not all mind you , are just shockingly defeatist . 
  many turn to anti establishment messages and daydream about the good old days not realising the good old days were made by highly motivated and enterprising people who did n't just give up the moment a pole shows up . 
  the billionaire buffet warren is also for remain is n't he ?
