  i do n't understand why they would veto it rather than secure a temporary opt-out until brexit happens which i 'm sure the eu would accommodate . 
  were britain to end up being the only country to veto such a proposal i ca n't justify it as anything other than spite on our part . 
  perhaps eu members could instead create this common force outside of the eu framework until the uk leaves then incorporate it into the eu without any fuss . 
  it is our business if it impacts our discussion on our membership or continued relationship with the eu . 
  so we have one minister who says the eu giving us everything we want in a bespoke trade deal would be in their own `` self interest '' yet when that self interest manifests itself as potentially nabbing financial services from the city we have another ministers telling us it 's that actually , no , it 's not in their interests further more worthy of a warning . 
  if brexit has taught us anything it 's that our politicians have completely lost the plot , it 's like they no longer have even the most basic notion or understanding of realpolitik any more . 
  no no no , you see it 's in the eu 's self-interest ^ tm to give us everything we want !, 
  in a representative democracy representatives have a duty not to just merely represent the whims of their constituents but to represent their material interests too , and farage was absolute in an position to get the best for his constituents but deliberately decided not to . 
  there are many forms of encouraging migrants coming into europe that does n't need the use of outright banning and using police to enforce . 
  banning something is the most hamfisted way of encouraging someone to adopt a new culture . 
  we voted blair back into office with a clear majority even after iraq so i guess that means we as an electorate trusted him on his reasons for taking us into the middle east ? 
  never say never . 
  besides the eu as an institution even as it is now is something unprecedented in human history ; enough to justify having it as a secondary identity in events such as the olympics for those who wish it , especially given it 's prevalent use in other international events . 
  i 'd love to see the eu flag at the olympics more often . 
  we already proudly wave it at the ryder cup , do n't see why it ca n't be allowed here for those who want to represent the eu as well as their own country . 
  i do n't see the eu ever giving turkey the carrot but it does n't mean we still ca n't dangle it in front of them on the off chance it does actually spur a little change for the better for our neighbours . 
  this is simultaneously the funniest and most concerning thing i 've seen in a long , long time . 
  easy , in the past putin saw erdogan as a nato lacky but since the aftermath of the attempted coup putin realised erdogan was in fact his type of friend . 
  if this pair are isis-inspired then they believe they 're waging a religious war against the west , and very few things symbolise the west , or at least in the past , than the catholic church and the crusades they declared on the middle east . 
  i hear mars is all the rage these days . 
  european army intensifies . 
  from one brain drain from north-west europe to another brain drain in the south-east of europe . 
  this is perfect opportunity for eu to start their own operation paperclip . 
   if anything we need your sympathy not schadenfreude and your goodwill not your punitive punishments . 
  even i , as your fellow countryman , do n't think we need or deserve european sympathy nor should expect to have an easy time of negotiations . 
  that 's not to say i think britain should burn to the ground to spite the leavers , but i do n't look at the world as a rosy place even with our allies , realpolitik never ceased and i think more people need to wake up to its reality in world affairs , afar and closer to home . 
  call my a cynic but i do n't think many were actually fooled but that the majority knew the consequences and did n't care ; it was purely a protest result . 
  i 'm sure they 're still on course to join the eu by 2020 . 
  it was definitely / s , their whole image is indeed about projecting success but runs counter to their whole national narrative of a supposed western agenda to suppress them . 
  i mean it is pretty hefty mental gymnastics to drone up a western conspiracy bogeyman but then do everything in your power to participate in the very institutions you say are part of that conspiracy . 
  so not participating can just as well be construed as in their best interests in line with that narrative the russian government has been propagating . 
  well seeing as the olympics are run by the west who supposedly have an agenda against russia , not participating in those corrupt games is in russia 's best interests . 
  and some people wonder why we need a eu military . 
  and how would you label a person who strongly identifies with being a citizen of the eu ? 
  i feel very eu citizenish ? 
  `` european '' is the most logical demonym even if there is potential for conflation . 
  it 's no more an issue than feeling british ( of the isles ) and feeling british ( national identity ), 
  societies as a whole become more knowledgeable but they never become more wiser as a result . 
  as a society i 'd say we 're pretty much the same as ancient rome but with more tech . 
  gove told me turkey would join by 2020 , you really think he 'd just lie to the whole country about that ? 
  the uk * has * unfortunately signalled its intent to abandon its role in european/continental politics , but the more important question is whether the continent will tolerate the uk in continuing to play a `` leading role '' in its , now , own affairs past the conclusion of a. 50 which remains to be seen . 
  it would be delusional to think we can continue to play a leading role in it , and begs an equally important question as why would the uk want to play a leading role in in european affairs anymore when it seems the direction the continent is heading is still inextricably tied to the eu ? 
  it seems a more nuanced reality is that we will play a leading role in world affairs * with * europe , rather than a leading one in it . 
  i 'd say most remainers who are hoping brexit does n't actually happen have already given up the possibility of a 2nd referendum quite a while ago . 
  this is just merely media clinging onto something they think makes noise . 
  christ , it says a lot when angela eagle has managed to drag out her coup attempt longer than one with armed soldiers , tanks , and fighter jets . 
  tell me about it , i stayed up for this ? 
  hopefully my brain can dream up a more entertaining coup . 
  in turkey it 's always been the way . 
  that tune was way too upbeat for cameron 's circumstances , but almost fits the unbelievably farcical joke that is brexit if it was made into a silent movie . 
  wonder what the lowest ever approval rating for a leader was/is . 
  at least some good came out of the god awful referendum . 
  yes , that is all true , but it does n't stop it from being ironic ; that it came about by virtue of how things played out perhaps makes it more ironic given the how much focus the presidency card was played . 
  so all that uproar during the referendum about an unelected eu president and now we ended up with a prime minister who , in the end , did n't make it to the last stage for public party members to vote on , but only chosen by mps . 
  the irony . 
  and the great british shitshow continues . 
  i suspect the result has brought into sharp focus that notion of `` appreciating what you have '' on the continent . 
  in the uk it 's a case of appreciating something after it 's gone , and which i feel has definitely spurred the same pro-eu sentiment amongst the british isles too . 
  before the referendum i 'd say leavers hated the eu more than the remainers loved the eu , now i sense that for a fair few the result has now kindled a passion amongst remainers equal to leavers . 
  may 's got this in the bag . 
  leadsom has virtually no experience of a high office , the uk does n't just need a negotiator at its head , it also needs someone who can actually run the damn country too . 
  that said , i 'm curious how may and merkel will get along . 
  why name something `` turning '' , if it does n't turn !? 
  looks more like a twist to me , it 's all a sham !, 
  for the longest time i thought this building , or the segments at least , actually rotated . 
  guess i had too much of a high opinion of modern engineering . 
  personally i think skyscrapers that are thoroughly pretentious get a free pass . 
  i mean these are massive buildings meant to be seen so at least make it look memorable , no matter how controversial it may seem . 
  i got ta say these kinda of skyscrapers really are horrid ; they lack the panache of old school art deco skyscrapers of yestercentury , and posses none of the sculptured and artistic appearance of some modern ones . 
  it 's just so ... bland . 
  nothing to worry about , statistically you have no cause for concern . 
  in fact some things you should be more worried about is the bad timing of needing to go to the toilet after someone has had a particular foul smelling stool in your closest toilet , or sitting next to a crying kid or that annoying traveller who throws up during take off and landing . 
  trust me , those things are much , much worse than safety concerns . 
  but we 're so totally recovered since march 2003 !, 
  with those ridiculous terms why even bother remaining a member of the eu ? 
  it 's not about brexit itself , but the messages behind the brexit campaigns that most certainly will bear some similarities to this rerun election . 
  given the result of the uk referendum this rerun will most certainly be affected by it and ultimately almost as important as the uk 's decision in terms of the mood of the continent , i most certainly see it being used as a proxy on the anti-establishment message leave has promoted , or it might shore up the eu project . 
  the world has always been this mad , it 's just that the politicians of the past were more adept at doing it without fucking up . 
  just look at the labour party , they 're imploding from the most inept coup , it 's like watching a botched execution . 
  compare it with gordon brown 's coup less than a decade ago when that whole power struggle concluded without so much as a hiccup . 
  it 's still entirely possible he will make some attempt in future . 
  do n't forget he and gove 's entire plan was to ensure dave survived as pm , just , and then usurp his position later . 
  this move does n't change anything , all this means is that gove could be volunteering himself to be the fallguy he and boris wanted cameron to be , and if he wins he 'll just dither about enough for johnson to have the excuse they always wanted . 
  or hopefully , cameron has indeed served a coup de gr\u00e2ce on boris ' political ambitions . 
  cameron , may not go down well through history , but he 'll still go down in history as a prime minister . 
  johnson may go down in history as a no one . 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  the man is a fucking weasel . 
  that will be the name of a first year module for uk politics degrees across all the universities of the world . 
  who needs game of thrones when we have the real thing . 
  if i had a viable option i 'd have already packed my bags long ago . 
  no , i would rather we have no more referenda on this matter or any matter in future aside from constitutional affairs . 
  the only logical solution is for parliament to simply ignore the result . 
  the referendum was direct democracy in action , however britain is not a direct democracy , we are a representative democracy and have been for 300 years . 
  there 's a case to follow the result completely and strengthen direct democracy , and an equally valid claim to ignore it completely and strengthen representative democracy . 
  neither is right or wrong , it 's just a case of deciding which evolutionary route britain wants to go down and i 'd rather the latter . 
  [ just a reminder this woman is leading one poll over leadership of the tory party . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/tory-leadership-brexit-poll-boris-johnson-theresa-may-prime-minister-conservative-party-leader-a7106941.html ), 
  he 's a national embarrassment . 
   [ `` 52-48 result would be unfinished business '' ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/nigel-farage-wants-second-referendum-7985017 ) what 's more incredible is that it 's exactly the same result but reversed .
