  technically it 's not part and parcel to be prepared for terrorist attacks all over the world but it is part and parcel that whatever destabilization that manifests itself from political problems will more likely happen at major cities . 
  the far east is n't facing terrorism but if north korea attacks it 's neighbors it 's not going to bombing some remote fishing village , it 'll be targeting seoul and tokyo . 
  same with europe , the reality is we are facing islamist attacks and those attacks will be targeted at places like london and paris , not fleury-sur-loire or moosburg . 
  pff , sir simon fraser just talking britain down !, 
  airport shambles leaves brexiteers fuming if this were an express headline . 
  not sure if it was one-off or a regular occurrence but there is a mini changing of the guards around 7:55 am there . 
  not as big or fancy as the midday one but the place is deserted and you have the entire show to yourself . 
  seems petulant . 
  [ meanwhile 70 years as prince consort and has done nothing but supported his queen . 
  ] ( http://www.dailysquat.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/prince-philip-435380.jpg ), 
  a cunning plan to throw the eu into disarray thus necessitating a 2 tier europe whereby the uk stays under a new associate membership with a core integrated union ... so it went in my dreams before i was so horribly awoken to the reality that brexit is nothing but a shitshow . 
  i mean syria is the perfect holiday destination with all that sun . 
  i 'm sure the civil war is just a coincidence and minor inconvenience for those volunteers enjoying their vacation . 
  i 'm taking this with cautious optimism . 
  definitely not fun to watch if you 're a ferrari fan this past weekend . 
  rip non-coastal inhabitants . 
  but what pictures do its pages have ? 
  though not as unpopular as she is in r/uk, 
  there never has been a clear plan by the government nor anyone else for that matter . 
  this could literally be a parody pulled straight out of any scripted scene from a movie or show that she can pull that face right in from of him and him being completely oblivious to it being so engrossed in what he 's saying . 
  `` so that 's how you dangle in style '' boris , probably . 
  maybe most of them did n't get the memo and accidentally went to brussels instead and ended up waiting on juncker who never arrived and then called out the commission as ridiculous instead . 
  are self-deprecating brits classified as haters ? 
  good . 
  so what are the chances that the support percentage for russia is not actually 0 % ? 
  but protesting at coal stations means they choke on soot , much more of an easier and healthier option to protest at nuclear stations . 
  2018 is set to be a busy year ; le mans likely taking place on the 16/17 of june , provisionally followed by the french gp a week later , and then the tour de force the following week . 
  the triple crown of french sporting events . 
  demonstrators attending the grenfell tower protest stormed the kensington and chelsea town hall . 
  as if ms may has enough to worry about with forming a workable coalition , backbench rebellion and facing the eu27 she now has to deal with a growing popular discontent that 's now palpable and seething right on the edges of westminster . 
  a government that has no idea what it 's doing and facing a small insurrection in their capital that could spiral out of control at the same time . 
  i do n't think there is a single credible argument as to why he should n't . 
  if she is indeed a remainer as she supposedly ever was then this gamble actually , if somewhat dangerous , clumsy and humiliating , in actuality gives her the perfect excuse to blame any failure to meet a hard brexit that she may have hitherto been pushed and pressured into pursuing on everyone else . 
  the irony ... 
  screw that . 
  we 've had enough elections and referendums to make this a yearly tradition !, 
  just need to keep the momentum going : may should hang on until the end of summer to resign and let bojo take over by the end and then hold an election on his own mandate next year . 
  this picture of ~ ~ mario draghi ~ ~ all non-tory voters last night at 2200gmt when the exit poll was released . 
   brexit referendum , this elections and this possible new referendum are all ways to try to solve internal issues in the parti andrew marr one of our prominent political commentators said that given may 's weak position she may have to compromise in certain negotiation areas and so the the question becomes whether the conservatives are comfortable compromising internally and went onto sum it up succinctly : * `` i 've been covering elections since 1983 and if there is one really , really predictable , dull , headline it 's : conservative party at war over europe '' *, 
  well you have n't exactly been proving wrong , as you say at the moment it 's shown nothing but potential , but potential alone does n't win . 
  your source also clearly states it 's an oath to the `` crown '' and in practice that 's all it is , the name is merely a matter of semantics ; if elizabeth dies mps would be recalled to swear a new oath of allegiance to a new name and their own heirs which theoretically may or may not be the heirs of the previous monarch . 
  sure , not saying that 's exactly how you do it but saying there is a distinction between swearing to an office/institution as opposed to a specific person . 
  in the same vein nobody swears loyalty to elizabeth , mps swear loyalty to the crown . 
  for you it would be the equivalent of an oath of loyalty to the office of presidency , not steinmeier . 
  too early to say . 
  no stable coalition configuration seems seems likely or stable enough to endure the 2 years of brexit . 
  both major parties are definitely for brexit but there might be some silver lining in this result for may and the conservatives in that that now they have an excuse for when brexit goes bad , she can blame having to concede on certain things with corbyn on issues like immediately guaranteeing the rights of eu citizens which she can say weakens her hand . 
  you 're not the only one . 
  i 'm now trying to determine whether the office tomorrow would be empty enough ( as it usually is on a friday ) for me to safely microsleep my way through the day . 
  pretty much the only thing of substance atm . 
  `` much '' ; the devil will be in the detail . 
  even him immediately calling on guaranteeing the rights of eu citizens may can spin as labour already weakening her hand and negotiation strategy . 
  may does not have a secure enough majority to push through brexit exactly as she wants meaning she may have to compromise on some elements of the negotiation giving corbyn a lot of power . 
  without sure footing may be forced out by her own party , if she survives and brexit goes tits up she and the party can blame this hung parliament . 
  i bet may had a sigh of relief at a hung parliament , now she has a free hand to blame all of brexit 's failures on it . 
  was there a reason for having a single set of furniture or was it simply that the kings of that era were n't wealthy enough to fully furnish all their castles ? 
  because merkel is a superior politician in every sense compared to may . 
  you have to look at may 's premiership in the context of the brexit and cameron-resignation fallout , not many of the conservative heavy-weights actually put themselves forward for party leadership ( most likely because they know leading britain during brexit is political suicide and imo speaks volumes on what they truly think of brexit ) . 
  in the end it came to a battle between may , who was nicknamed by cameron as the `` submarine '' because she tended to disappear when needed and andrea leadsom who occupied the more fruity end of the conservative party . 
  may is simply not the cream of the tory party crop because ironically the heavy-weights we too scared to fight for the leadership and pick up the poisoned brexit chalice that cameron left behind . 
  hopefully it 's not anything more serious than that . 
  hopefully it 's not anything more serious than that . 
  tough times indeed , that nurse should just go chill out at her nearest patisserie . 
  depends on what `` soft brexit '' means in corbyn 's mind . 
  if it 's simply retention of single market membership then the eu will perfectly accept that . 
  it 's sm membership plus a few other compromises that 's out of the question . 
  [ women 's version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jmey_nyieq ), 
  family first . 
  i recommend anyone who has access to a waitrose try the heston blumenthal alderwood-smoked streaky bacon . 
  find packs with thick fat [ ( specifically on the outer edge as shown ) ] ( http://imgur.com/ogmos0s.jpeg ) those are the best ones . 
  when you cook them the fat on the outsides crispens and holds the melted fat inside . 
  when you bite into it the melted fat just oozes all over your tongue . 
  nourishment at schools is serious business , margaret thatcher was n't derogatorily called the milk-snatcher for nothing !, 
  the eu should just stop sending all that pre-accession money to turkey and just give it to greece instead . 
  i guess like with the rest of the thread it 's cultural and even within households where living with parents is the norm there seems to be some degree of variation , dependent on individual circumstances , as to how responsibilities are divided , if at all . 
  your house your rules , as they say . 
  completely understandable from a financial side in trying to save where one can , but does your brother not help around the house at all like occasionally cooking , taking out the rubbish , cleaning the bathroom , or mowing the garden etc ? 
  i know a few friends , family and coworkers throughout the uk who shared with strangers though it is definitely rarer than sharing with people they already know or are already friends with . 
  maybe it 's just an anglo thing , but none of them had any issues with sharing with a stranger whether a short term thing or for several years , some even became and stayed friends after one moved out . 
  if people are contributing to the household budget then i do n't see what the issue is if they still live with parents compared with flat/house sharing with strangers or friends . 
  the only criticism i think that can be levelled at those still living with parents despite having the means to live elsewhere is if they 're literally getting a complete free ride in everything ; no rent , no bills and no household work . 
  ice age : brexit sequel could come out as per its own release cycle just in time for real brexit too !, 
  i 'm probably going off old data then . 
  is it only the upfront cost that 's cheaper or are operational costs for the f35 also cheaper than the typhoon ? 
  key word being exceed , not meet . 
  i was throwing a jibe at how expensive the jsf is that germany wo n't just meet the 2 % minimum but will rocket past it . 
  i see the germans are looking to exceed the nato 2 % minimum spending . 
  thumbnail had me thinking those towers were skyscrapers from some modern city . 
  no it was not on the ballot but it does n't take much to glean from the result that the scottish people as a whole want to stay in the eu but it 's a bit premature to say then that the scottish outright prefer the uk to the eu when both referendums were based on entirely separate premisses . 
  25 % now . 
  why is the estonian flag just black and white ? 
   it 's not like they 'll suddenly give us a better deal if we act like doormats . 
  again , short term thinking , look beyond the negotiations ; europe is not going to stop existing at 2019 or whenever the brexit deal is finalised , we 'll still have to work with them and as heated as things will get in coming years , things * will * calm down after the dust is settled and we 'll still have to continue working with them as the friends and allies they are and will continue to be . 
   and that includes blocking whatever we consider to be counter to our interests . 
  that 's incredibly short-term thinking . 
  the eu and its member states will still exist in 2019 , the eu and its members will still be our neighbours in 2019 and the eu and its members will still our strategic allies in 2019 . 
  blocking something that would have gone ahead without our impeding it is simply detrimental to our interests than otherwise . 
  mutual interest between us as neighbours and close strategic partners will continue after this storm has blown over though , but as far as brexit is concerned it is only britain who seems to want more out of this divorce than the eu wants out of britain so there is no significant incentive to give the uk a good deal . 
  you should n't . 
  those kind of comments prop up more frequently these days , especially on the bbc hys comments section .
