  now i want mr 47-lamborghinis to weigh in on this debate . 
  part of it is that those points have n't been gotten really been gotten across very well . 
  leave have literally put on their battle-bus a slogan saying we send 350 million a year to the eu , which is factually wrong , but remain have pretty much fallen for the bait and focused on the lie , nevermind it being a lie around such a big number as to not make much sense to the average person . 
  between 2014-15 i made nearly # 19k , my contribution to the eu budget ? 
  for the entire year , which works to 36pence a week . 
  36 pennies a week and i can go anywhere in the eu , work anywhere in the eu , settle anywhere in the eu . 
  bargain is an understatement . 
  but it 's lost on most people who just see politicians squabbling over trivial things and losing site of the smaller picture of average people . 
  it will likely be revisited and then they 'll fail again , like they 've failed to meet membership criteria last year , and in 2015 , and in 14 , 13 , 12 , 11 , 10 , 09 , 08 , 07 , 06 ... etcetera , ^ etcetera ... ^ ^ etcetera ... and in 1999 , and 1998 , 97 , 96 ... etcetera , ^ etcetera ... ^ ^ etcetera ... ** etcetera ... **, 
  someone should post this into the r/ukpolitics hornet nest . 
  turkey fails to secure visa-free travel : it 's a ruse , they 'll give them visa-free travel the day after the referendum . 
  vote out !, 
  leave promised me 79 million turks would have access to flood into the uk !, 
  update sarcasm drivers ? 
  oh yeah , that 's a reeaeaaaaall useful suggestion . 
  and the fact that it 's taken all these decades just to fill 1 criterion says either turkey is completely incompetent , meaning cameron 's quip about them being ready by the year 3000 is actually true , or turkey has taken so long because in reality they do n't actually have a desire to join and never did . 
  it 's like those people we all know who say they 'll pick up a hobby and say they 'll get really into it , but give up after 10 minutes of trying but always insist they have n't quit but just taking a break . 
  depends how technical you want to get , the referendum question is about membership of the eu . 
  how synonymous the eu and the single market have become with one another as probably a question people should be asking as there was an article not too long ago about [ mps thinking of voting to take the uk back into the single market ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-referendum-mps-may-push-to-keep-uk-in-european-single-market-despite-brexit-vote-a7067056.html ) . 
  such a vote in parlimanent actually has more authority than the referendum which is n't legally binding . 
  in that event we technically would n't be part of the eu and seeing as leave have not ruled out the distinction it 's a possible scenario . 
  i agree , it was was the cause of much violence in european history but it was through that violence that in part makes what modern europe is today and why i think it 's crucial that christianity is n't an active component in modern identity but equally so that it 's role is understood . 
  i agree to an extent , i would n't want a christian europe but rather a secular one , but i do think it 's important to ackowledge christanity 's role in the formation of european history and identity . 
  the ultimate question ? 
  true , but where the original comment is concerned citizens would , one would assume , refer to all eu citizens with no distinction between citizens of ez-members and non-members . 
  unfortunately leavers would probably want nothing to do with dirty money from a failing economy , so best just to give their free samples to me instead , like all of it . 
  savagery ... 
  i like it . 
  you jest but with the constant comparisons over the years a lot of idiots out there do genuinely believe it as you put it . 
  that 's assuming the uk submits to the ruling of the court , if we do then we open ourselves to losing , if we do n't then we 're back to what farnsworthparabox1 stated in regards to other countries having doubts about any future commitments with us . 
  sorry to be a bit pedantic but the 2 % target has nothing to do with fairness , not even nato ever claimed the 2 % figure was one which they considered a fair contribution , it 's an arbitrary target . 
  at most you can say members are not meeting agreements , but you ca n't say it has anything to do with what 's `` fair '' . 
  more importantly , nato members not meeting the 2 % target have until 2024 to reach it as per the 2014 summit so even if it was a matter of fairness why are n't you giving them their fair chance of 7 years to do so before accusing them not not paying their fair share ? 
   if the uk does badly maybe it will rejoin 2 years down the line . 
  was that just a random number to highlight the hypothetical possibility of the uk rejoining or do you seriously think that rejoining 2 years down the line is a realistic number provided negotiations are bad enough ? 
  no shit . 
  so finland is really mordor housing the eye of sauron . 
  it 's completely possible he genuinely did not see/hear her , but i think it speaks volumes that if he ignored her on purpose that it 's also unsurprisingly completely within his character to do . 
  that was certainly enjoyable reading that put a big fat smile on my face :d but at the same time knowing the uk is leaving also made me die a little on the inside . 
  i can somewhat sympathise , but at the end of the day nato countries , for better or worse , agreed to those specific targets outlined back in 2014 . 
  seeing as the agreement was for countries not meeting the 2 % target to aim to do so by 2024 they still have 7 years to pay their fair share , maybe give them a fair chance to fulfil their agreements first before giving bluster ? 
   the specifics of religion are anything but irrelevant if the tenets are revered and followed !, 
  yes , * if * specific tenets are followed and i did originally concede that is certainly a problem if we 're dissecting it purely as a religion just as any other ; the bible is replete with specific examples that have been discussed elsewhere in the thread that are equally as incompatible with modern western values and sensibilities but have been cherry-picked out or become so allegorical as to not be considered literal as it once was , or thankfully that only minority still believe it should be . 
  what i 'm contending is that the causes that led to western societies abandoning specifics of the bible are equally as valid for islam . 
  you point to modern gulf states , but i 'd contend turkey before erdogan 's reign is a more appropriate example where secularism , regardless of how you think it arises , has put islam onto the sidelines . 
  of course there were still hardline muslims back then but do you really think an average turk of that era were equatable with hardline muslims today ? 
  even today 's expat turks who cause trouble tend to do so along nationalistic lines than religious ones . 
  else-time looking at the 8th-12th century islam where advances in fields , taken as whole , in science and technology , and the attempted incorporation of hellenistic philosophies into the arab world and the significant trade and corresponding rise of merchant commerce with the song dynasty of china could * arguably * ( not saying it definitely would have ) have laid the groundwork for the sidelining of islam as the church was during the enlightenment . 
  in today 's fragmented middle east where the biggest issues with muslims arise it certainly would be difficult but without the constant intervention and corruption they 've faced for the past century i do n't think it would be impossible for them to mirror what turkey achieved . 
  and a had a thing for a goat . 
   the west is n't secular because we are wealthy , we are wealthy because we are secular . 
  i doubt it 's a simply either or , but regardless i guess the point here is secularism , no matter how you believe the west became secular the point is that ultimately it led to the erosion of the power of the church and monarchies and shoved them into the back-burner . 
  in the gulf states you mentioned both institutions are still pretty much very in control . 
  ultimately i guess i should rephrase my point that it does n't matter what the specifics of religious doctrine , muhammed could literally have been the devil incarnate , the point is no matter what the mechanism that gives rise to secularism it ultimately pushes religion to the sidelines and religiosity , imo , does n't become as major issue in the lives of people as it has done to other modern secular societies . 
  yes it can , the age of enlightenment was n't about religious reform , it was the supplanting of the church as a political and doctrinal authority . 
  church reform occurred as a response to keep up to date with evolving sensibilities , not the other way around . 
  even as far back as the 1100s the works of aristotle were being saved by islamic scholars and evidence that western philosophies were being slowly incorporated into arabic thinking . 
  and the percentage of christians is irreverent , the point i was making is that given the * right * socio-economic conditions that viewpoint can just as easily become the prevailing one , and my example of ex-ussr countries is that given a religion that is not that modernised , relatively speaking , and throw in actual strife then you have a recipe for a more regressive situation . 
  they 're not beheading each other because they have n't been bombed and economically exploited for pretty much the entirety of the past century like the middle east has which is what i was getting at when i referred to strife ; there is now a whole generation in afghanistan and iraq who were born into and have grown up knowing nothing but western occupation , the taliban , al queda and isis and who have nothing but a life of misery in a mudhut somewhere or to take their frustrations out fueled by islamism . 
  any society has the capacity to descend into religious barbarism given the right conditions , it just so happens western nations have been progressing to the point that religion is becoming increasingly irrelevant . 
  maybe it 's not subject to reform because islam has n't undergone an age of enlightenment that grew alongside increasing wealth of various classes within society and the accompanying liberalisation that challenged religious authority as was the case in europe . 
  you still have people today who believe a king james bible is the literal word of god , it 's equally likely that had not the necessary socio-economic conditions that led to ages like the enlightenment we 'd be living with a far more rigid religion than we currently do . 
  if you created a new religion today and literally copied the old testament word for word we 'd all be saying it 's incomparable with our modern western values , just look at the eastern europe and the orthodox church , they 're barely out of the dark ages themselves , now imagine them undergoing the same civil and economic strife the middle east has been undergoing for the last century and you have demographics that have nothing but the opiate of religion . 
  i do n't think it 's a problem , for me the issue is not with islam as a religion , it 's whether nations with majority muslim populations are in a position to undergo a renewed golden age that they have n't seen since the sacking of baghdad . 
  religions , no matter the specifics , always undergo attacks and challenges to their authority the wealthier the people within societies are and the accompanying liberalisation in customs and expectations that comes with that increased wealth . 
  islamic nations this past century have undergone huge civil and economic strife , no wonder they cling to their religion like an opiate , the more you say it 's wrong and the longer they continue to be poorer as societies the harder they cling to their vices . 
  this applies to any generation who trace their family roots back to the middle east , you do n't really hear much trouble from muslims of southeast asian descent for example . 
  saying islam is incompatible is an immediate concern given the problems of social mobility , i concede that , but for me the underlying issue is economic in nature , not doctrinal specifics . 
  we already have erasmus for students , why not one for eu leaders too , eh ? 
  would be interesting to see them try and juggle a different set of domestic issues . 
  anti-dutch protest , or pro-vitamin c rally ? 
  how offensive , does n't he know i identify as aardvark ? 
  the gap as a percentage of the vote was still far wider than brexit though . 
  how comes you 're not factoring in the austrian elections where the right candidate hofer lost ? 
  if that happens in what ways does having a pm from a potential republican-socialist coalition affect what she can do as president ? 
  man , things must be bad in italy if the most corrupt resort to eating at a mcdonalds . 
  did n't know jupp\u00e9 was into trainspotting brakeless trains . 
  i went on a similar route in reverse : oslo to myrdal . 
  once the train got out of oslo and the mountains and desolation started appearing i was n't able to just sit and admire from one side of the train so i went into the door area that 's separated from the passengers where there were little windows that could be opened for my camera to snap away without window glare on both sides of the train !, 
  ended standing in this area for the remaining 6 or so hours running back and forth taking photos . 
  are n't we just the * greatest * other vlad ? 
  yes we are other vlad , yes we are . 
  wish for a 5 , expect a 3 , and in reality probably get a 1 . 
  there 's an old saying in finland : finlandize me once , shame on you . 
  finalindize me ... you ca n't get finlandized again . 
  yes we are all in the eu now , well some of us not for long , but the fact is that we can , and do , joke in good spirit about long distant conflicts is testament to the successful peace europe that has endured these past 70 years . 
  should have gone with endings ; bourgiumlands, 
  with a record like that warspite should have been the one to be preserved in the thames instead of the belfast . 
  what a lovely map of a europe of regions . 
  definitely wins points on minimalism where sails are concerned . 
  [ the formal dissolution/abolition of the state of prussia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abolition_of_prussia ) by the allied control council . 
  today 's the 70th anniversary of it 's abolition , coincidence ? 
  if they were still around i 'm sure there 'd be no worries about germany meeting the nato 2 % spending target . 
  from the comments it would seem the issue of pineapple pizza is the most divisive issue we 've had on this sub . 
  this problem is merely one step down the chain . 
  one could just as well ask for an explanation on the consequences of having economies of endless growth and aging populations . 
  the need to have a workforce continually replenished , whether by having more babies or ready grown immigrants , is just a symptom . 
  but in so far as fixing the symptom rather than the cause both sending them back or taking care of them are equally valid solutions , just as is automation , depending what you have the stomach for . 
  never forget . 
  that 's why you import ready-grown humans .
