except the people he was targeting believed precisely in the opposite . 
  his message , as was brexit , was that neo-liberal globalism has n't worked for the massive swaths who have been left behind and that to go on as usual is to `` keep shooting ourselves in the foot '' whereas those people saw hilary and cameron 's message as `` we 're not shooting our feet , what are those loons talking about ? '', 
  thus completely failing to actually give a message of their own that is n't predicated on the claims of the opponent . 
  i agree it 's very possible , but i think it also depends on how strong and clear-cut the message is of whoever else stands . 
  in both brexit and the us elections the centre lost as much as the alt-right won by failing to convey a powerful enough message that resonated with the electorate . 
  today it 's grass-roots movements that have the energy and momentum to drive such messages out and what people in western democracies i think are no longer satisfied with the status quo , they want something to strive for . 
  the centre , or left , or whoever does n't necessarily need to be a political outsider ( though i think it does help ) , but the core message needs to resonate . 
  well for both brexit and the us elections it was n't really the left that lost the message but the centre . 
  but even in these cases it does tie into the anti-establishment wind that 's been blowing globally . 
  bernie sanders is by no means left , maybe for americans but not for europe , but he genuinely tapped into the same anti-establishment , fighting for the poor , message that won trump the white house but the democratic national committee ignored those winds which ultimately what lost them the election . 
  and in both cases the losing sides had no real message to give beyond offering the status quo . 
  i agree with english-breakfast the status quo in germany seems more likely to be preserved at least for now . 
  i 'm also in the same boat with you on not being able to offer insight on the french side of things , but i do think get the feeling there is more potential there for le pen 's alt right message to cut through unless her opposition can offer an equally clear , simple and revitalising message that does n't offer more of the same . 
   call them whatever you want , just not `` leader of the free world '' . 
  whatever your viewpoint it does n't change the simple act that `` leader of the free world '' is a colloquialism used to describe the us for the past half century , therefore i will continue to call them as such . 
  and if the us goes down an isolationist policy the uk , both in geostrategic and geoeconomic terms , is not in a position to follow suit . 
  it might not have anything to do with the brexit , too early to say , but say if nato for example is put in jeopardy , it might lead to the uk doing a brexit-lite instead of a hard-brexit to compromise on other matters such as joint eu defence if nato is no longer viable . 
  not saying this will necessarily happen , just that the possibility is there to influence what kind of brexit the uk does when the leader of the free world , and the uk 's and eu 's closest ally , actually has no coherent and and carefully laid out policies . 
  a lot can happen in 2 years . 
  at this stage everything is a potential bargaining chip , it 's posturing all round regardless whether there is material benefit for one side or not . 
  on board , though i think that 's more of a dream these days . 
  the uk might get an opt out if it does n't want to rock the boat or sees such a clamour amongst members for such a proposal that it would be causing a lot of diplomatic ill-will , besides we already have a number of opt-outs anyway . 
  however the uk gov n't may very well use any such common defence policy proposal in their favour as leverage during negotiations ie we 'll abstain ( or vote it through ) if you give us this or that . 
  the uk has n't signed any deals with india , it ca n't until we officially leave the eu , and even then the only thing we can sign off is certain forms of investment as we did with china a year or two back . 
  in fact may came back disappointed after having a little difference with modi on opinion on indian migration . 
  a50 will , in all likelihood , be activated , that is n't the question , it 's what obstacles occur during that minimum of two years that might significantly rock the boat , such as a trump presidency , in a way that annuls any meaningful point of brexit in the first place . 
  anymore ? 
  i , for one , always thought it was a good idea . 
  if you believe them to be refugees why would they go home to danger ? 
  if you believe them to be economic migrants , why would they waste time and effort to go home to be poor when they might as well be poor by staying put and at least have the hope of making more money than they would otherwise ? 
  thanks for the correction . 
  we would n't be returning , we have n't left yet , it 's be a brenullment . 
  i refuse to believe that it 's coincidence . 
  where 's my tinfoil ? 
  i 'm wondering what implications a trump victory has on top of brexit where it comes to the alt-right in europe , with french presidential elections ( actual power ) and austrian presidential elections ( no real power ) coming up as well as other countries with a low-to-moderate-ish alt-right presence like wilders has in netherlands . 
  if there 's any good news is that this shit show officially finished just in time for me to start work . 
  that 's the big question i think . 
  is this complacency of the centre-ground , in the uk and the us , or is it a real trend of the rise of the alt-right ? 
  depends if brexit and trump are part of a larger right-wing trend . 
  this could really boost le pen , hofer and wilders . 
  the most likely is hofer winning the austrian presidential elections , wilders may get a boost but not enough to make a huge difference . 
  if there any more major wins from the right , especially in europe where they are suspected to be funded by putin , then it could be the beginning of the end of the eu . 
  if the centre can make a come back or the very least hang on , then we 'll see a strengthening of the eu , perhaps not quite federalisation ( not serious enough reason for that yet ) then at most we may see serious plans for an eu army and a few other areas the eu will integrate further on . 
  eh , my statement kinda came out wrong . 
  i guess the left was n't a response , i was trying to say it was rather part of the pattern of the collapse of the centre with huge support for the fringes of their respective politics . 
  we have the popular rise of corybn and sanders on the left , and trump and farage on the right , and the centre in both the uk and the us has been outright rejected . 
  it 's not looking good for the middle either . 
  my only regret is i did n't buy gold . 
  eu army intensifies . 
  the response was a corresponding surge to the left . 
  if brexit and trump are part of a pattern so are the rise of corbyn and sanders . 
  guess that just feeds perfectly to the anti-establishment elements of the trump vote who do n't necessarily even like him in any way . 
  wayne state , detroit , lol . 
  better to er on the side of caution and not get your hopes up . 
  some site are projecting she 's already lost michigan . 
  le pen and hofer are gon na be so energized and the momentum from brexit now trump is really going to help their campaigns . 
  i 'm still having a hard time seeing whether this is just a result of the lazy centre or an actual surge of the right . 
  not just the hubris of the democratic party but centre-ground politics everywhere . 
  brexit , now trump , could , and probably will be a boon for the likes of le pen and hofer . 
  the momentum now is undeniable . 
  i tell you , i studied in america on an exchange programme and finished my year there shortly before the recession when the pound was worth close to 2 dollars . 
  i went out there with 2 suitcases , i came back with 5 . 
  have we reached the point of no return yet ? 
  no point in going back to sleep at this point . 
  time to brew some coffee and watch the rest of this shitshow against the sound of this suitably gloomy down pouring of rain outside . 
  if the right goes for three for three with either a le pen or a hofer win that 'll be sure sign centre-ground politics has collapsed . 
  there 's a hint of irony that obama 's foreign policy stance of stepping back from world affairs will now be taken to the extreme by a republican house . 
  [ i asked mep alyn smith about this exact idea 3 months ago . 
  glad to see another mep picked it up !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/scotland/comments/4vrm06/ama_alyn_smith_mep_starting_1pm/d60v19s/ ), 
  `` wake up sheeple , the uk has no power in the eu to do anything '' * little walloon parliament uses its constitutional right to halt ceta . 
  * `` see , the eu is dysfunctional !, 
  they ca n't get anything done '' * functional compromise reached . 
  * `` this is n't about trade , look at the bigger picture !, 
  the eu subverts democracy !, 
  rabble rabble . '', 
  pretty sure he saw the value of submarines in the future of naval warfare , just not during his era . 
  or if non-europeans start * looking * at these song contests as europeans see them , useless yet fun , campy and light hearted entertainment , and if they send singers with that view in mind then the name can still mean exactly what it implies , a european way of looking at things . 
  who says the euro in the name is a geographical criterion ? 
  it could just as well refer to the campiness and lighthearted way europeans look at things , and if other countries follow that take on entries , that they follow the european lighthearted approach at looking at the contest then i do n't see a problem with eurovision still in essence meaning exactly what the name implies . 
  taking all the glory of the soviet union and non of the sour grapes . 
  yes it does , but the eu as it is now is not good for anyone save germany , and i agree with verhofstadt that brexit is going to be the best opportunity to achieve fundamental reform of the eu , and a two tier europe helps separate those who want to be involved with the eu but not politically `` entangled '' , and those who want closer cooperation . 
  you misunderstand , i meant biggest demographic for the uk , i was n't addressing the rest of the eu so to answer your mocking question no , i am not joking nor suffering from grandeur . 
   will anger more than just brexiteers . . well obviously , i only mentioned the biggest demographic , besides at the moment everyone is angry in one way or another , and i doubt any resolution will fully resolve that whatever disposition one may be . 
   why would eu immigrants fom to uk be limited yet uk citizens would maintain fom to eu ? 
  simply a matter of money . 
  if the uk leaves they 'd lose out a lot on budget contributions , not simply by those who are highly skilled individuals that both sides will be fighting to keep , but the masses of ordinary folk who would n't mind contributing . 
  assuming everyone who voted remain would also want to retain their eu rights , that 's a huge amount of contributions not to mention a publicity coup for the eu if they can show x millions wanted to retain that right . 
  but you are right , chances are it would never happen , there 's nothing to suggest they would even allow for direct citizenship as opposed to the current model they have , let alone a slew of other issues . 
  ideally all this faff would have triggered a serious push for a two tier europe of full and associate memberships that gives access to the single market for the latter with perhaps efta-style migration brakes . 
  but as it stands it 's very unlikely so that said remaining in the eea would anger hard brexiteers , and would not be satisfactory for europhiles who appreciated our rights and opt outs as full members . 
  not leaving at all could even alienate a lot of those who did n't even want to leave anyway but want their referendums respected . 
  so my solution ? 
  a hard brexit for those who want it with no access to the single market , negotiate a separate trade deal and if our country suffers for it , tough shit . 
  and for the other side allow those who wanted to remain a sort of citizenship opt-in that would last until the conclusion of article 50 . 
  basically until negotiations conclude anyone from the uk can apply for continued eu citizenship , but directly rather than retaining it as a proxy via national citizenship . 
  when you apply you agree to continue contributing to the eu budget , that way those who want to retain eu citizenship do n't lose out , and given the benefits of it i 'm sure many will want to retain it , and of course the eu coffers wo n't be worse for it . 
  once the uk leaves you retain citizenship by contributing until you renounce it for whatever reason , but of course once you do you lose citizenship forever unless the uk votes to rejoin at some point in future . 
  probably the best compromise . 
  so yeah , let 's be the voice of those smaller leaned-on countries by leaving the eu in a few years time , clearly we can be of more help to them by being outside the union with no veto in future .
