  is there any evidence that samurai did not actually fight naked ? 
  haha , even in a decade from now they 'll still be blaming the eu , nazi germany , or the first french empire . 
  starting ? 
  your tolerance threshold must be through the roof . 
  i think it 's a shame there are n't more blue circles around , i still dream of a world shown in those old 60s or 70s posters of a green world landscape with nuclear chimneys in the background and shining-silver monorails criss-crossing everywhere . 
  i mean if they want a souvenir shot of their deployment taking a photo without their weapons would probably create less shit the kremlin will use to spin , but then again the kremlin will probably find other shit to spin anyway . 
  good they took to the time to admire european culture though . 
  operation reverse paperclip ? 
  he did n't win through blind luck but most certainly was lucky in that his opponent ended up being hilary of all people . 
  he had no bearing on her being selected the democrat candidate and there really was n't a better opponent , i doubt he would n't have struggled had sanders got the nomination who was also riding on the same political winds . 
  probably a case of `` the devil you know than the one you do n't '' . 
  i mean russia may not be trustworthy per se but we can trust their self-interest , same really ca n't be said for the new us administration . 
  this is an unsurprising result . 
  it is a tad amusing , ironic perhaps ? , that remainers ' hopes were quashed by the institution some amongst them went to court to empower , and vice versa leavers 's hope were reaffirmed by the institution they were willing to subvert for fear of the vote going against them . 
  the world is n't bereft of realpolitik either . 
  an american century where the crucial dividing lines against the ussr was still firmly on european soil for europe , even in ashes , simply ca n't escape it 's burden and destiny of being the most important focal point in world affairs . 
  it 's the price europe must bear for being the centre of the world . 
  of course he hopes the eu will fail , you do n't want to wish the best for those who will surpass you . 
  they have the right idea , it 's everyone else that 's wrong . 
  all those passports should be azure blue with gold text . 
  they could all do with some more stars too !, 
  i feel as if my ears have been violated . 
  [ here 's one rather reasonable post on the subject of tpp . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/5ppzs5/president_donald_trump_signed_an_executive_order/dct75ux/ ) that said it 's slightly more geared toward american perspective but is still somewhat relevant for us . 
  were they trying to set a record or something ? 
  i do n't hear how another few thousand singers really added anything to the song . 
  man , those coastal vikings are really living it up , their shade is off the scale . 
  i 'm starting to get real excited about this macaroni guy . 
  time to dig out my stash from the shed and finally cash in . 
  i knew they were worth keeping !, 
  but muh hegel . 
  yah , that 's what i was referencing with the banana skin and beer can that doc used :p, 
  not very environmentally friendly using stuff that needs to be dug out from the ground . 
  we should power them by inventing some device that can generate energy by fusing recyclable crap from the rubbish bin like banana skins , and half empty beer cans and the like . 
  those who are n't loved can be respected but those who use fear are never respected . 
  pff , what kind of measured comment is this !, 
  except he 's not messing with nato as such , he 's targeting individual countries , big difference . 
  those countries as collective can put up a show as a united front all they like , putin has managed to successfully chip away the weak links these last few years and will continue to do so without any use of tanks . 
  and ukraine and what 's going on in donbass perfectly shows how successful he 's managed to destabilise a neighbour without rolling in whole divisions of russian tanks , he only needs to arm local ethnic russians and send in a few unmarked special forces groups ; nato will find it difficult justifying gunning down disgruntled ethnic russians who are also legal estonian or latvian citizens . 
  in fact it would feed into his narrative . 
  you fight fire with fire , time to wake up and realise russia is n't fighting with fire any more . 
  we 'll just have to agree to disagree on how russia 's belligerence should be confronted . 
  perhaps a similar useless buildup , but they wo n't cross that line without some sort of domestic pretext like with georgia and ukraine which would come through information warfare first . 
  even then i doubt they 'd be so brash as to just roll tanks into a nato country when they have n't even done that yet with donbass in eastern ukraine , clearly not a nato member . 
  they 're more likely to mirror ukraine ; smuggle in weapons to arm disgruntled ethnic russians who are estonian or latvian citizens and send in special forces units for support . 
  in such a scenario like with eastern ukraine while it might be ethnic russians creating problems they 'd still be baltic citizens , i 'd like to see how far the west would go in shelling those nationals with tanks and airstrikes . 
  russia 's new strategy is n't to conquer , it 's to destabilize and at most finlandize which is why i believe this showing off of hardware makes no material difference against russia and why they most likely wo n't invade the baltics or eastern europe that would necessitate such a buildup . 
  your entire premise is under the false assumption that russia intends to take on nato directly . 
  it wo n't and never will . 
  tanks do nothing to fight fake news , does nothing close down russian troll farms , does nothing to prevent state hacking . 
  rolling off tanks into europe is entirely superficial and outmoded cold war thinking . 
  nato is nothing but a 21st century maginot line to them . 
  sure , it 's reassuring , like i say a welcome site for many but meant for domestic consumption rather than any meaningful attempt at deterring russian meddling and subversion . 
  russia wo n't , and will never go after a behemoth like nato directly , it targets the weakest links by going around nato . 
  where we see a mighty nato bulwark , russia sees a maginot line . 
  i 'm under no illusions that russia has a malicious agenda i just do n't see the continued efficacy of cold war thinking , they clearly have developed their strategies with the times , the west should too . 
  i 'm sure unloading tanks and whatnot will be a welcome site to many though i ca n't help but think it 's a somewhat useless gesture only meant for domestic consumption . 
  hard power projection , while not completely obsolete , just does n't seem appropriate to the subversive strategy , which is soft in nature , that russia now engages in . 
  they were called germans because , for one , in terms of nationality , prussia no longer existed as an independent kingdom by ww1 , it became the dominant constituent of the german empire in the way england is to the united kingdom . 
  two , in ethnocultural terms , the word `` german '' has a more defined historical and culural connotation compared than say welsh or scots thinking they have more of a cultural affinity with being `` british '' than being welsh or scot . 
  despite only being unified as early as 1870 there has been a much longer notion of the `` german '' people that does n't hold true for the british as far as i 'm aware . 
  but what happened to the chocolate !, 
  politics aside , even though this obviously is targeted toward kids the music is unbearable !, 
  i lasted about 30 seconds before i had to stop and take a couple deep breaths . 
  i think i 'll stick to wikipedia if i ever want to learn about russia . 
  there 's nothing hypocritical about it , you seem to be under the misguided notion that a world superpower tangling with realpolitik and doing whatever means necessary to protect its interests actually believes in the bullshit it uses to justify its actions domestically and abroad . 
  the us does n't do anything more hypocritical than what every other superpower in history has done , maybe you should wake up and smell the coffee sunshine . 
  this is nothing more than a retaliatory gesture . 
  when they 're no longer the world 's sole superpower , that 's how international politics works , should read up on it some time . 
  it 's like germany has some weird out-of-place growth budding off its south . 
  it 's clearly deteriorated but it 's still edible right ? 
  it certainly is is easier , like i say there are plenty of threads to choose from cultural ones , like danish and british shows becoming hugely popular of late , even polandball , or to more reactionary ones like the refugee creating calls to protect `` christendom '' etc. 
  the issue is no one is willing or prepared to tie those threads together . 
  that 's the most difficult bit , once they do it should be pretty easy , and then it 's case of time cementing it . 
  in my opinion there already is a common european culture , there just has n't been the political will to tie all those threads together and forge it into a cohesive identity , but if they did and then threw in about 300 years to solidify it all , presto you have strong pan-european culture . 
  a common culture and language that took 300 years to forge to get to where it is today , the scots and english did n't exactly go into union because they shared all this stuff from the very beginning . 
  as an on-the-fence federalist i like what i 'm reading . 
  he seems to be taking a middle-ground , sensible and pragmatic approach . 
  he wants to keep nations at the heart of europe which will appeal to the conservatives yet is for strengthening eu institutions like the euro and common defence which will appeal to baby-step federalists despite calling to put aside the federal dream . 
  seems like he wants more of a holy roman europe model and he might end up being something to everyone . 
  if you 're talking about the article then major is actually making a case for a referendum on the terms of leaving , not rerunning the same in/out referendum back in june in which it really would n't be a `` 2nd '' referendum as such and in any case is actually even more justified . 
  since may took over the government she 's installed pro-brexit ministers into her cabinet , she 's set up a new dedicated role of secretary of state for exiting the european union , she 's already looking at negotiation options and strategies and declared a date for initiating article 50 . 
  the result has been respected and is being actioned . 
  elections already are repeated every 4 years ... 
  and what 's wrong with that ? 
  the people can be asked a million times and in those million occasions they still have the free will to vote how they please . 
  hmm , tough position ; risk ire of brexit campaigners with negative tone , or risk personal integrity by not fulfilling his role as chancellor to the best of his ability . 
  he 's now crying that the government are putting the national interest at risk by not appointing him as ambassador . 
  wonder if may would like to suggest hilary for us ambassador to the uk ? 
  all the more reason we have to be careful in quickly drawing concern or criticism for things like the recent appointment of a pro-russian prime minister of estonia . 
  we have to be able to separate being pro-russian and being pro-kremlin . 
  as you say the kremlin relies on ostracised ethnic russians , having a pro-russian party , while seemingly a concern in the face of it for some , creates an inclusive political environment that actually undermines the kremlin . 
  and let 's face it , where brexit and the us elections were concerned cameron and clinton ran completely incompetent campaigns that damaged themselves as much as it was of the strength of the anti-establishment demographic . 
  i do n't see merkel being that incompetent nor as you say there being much anger at economic issues as there is in the uk and the us . 
  of course it is , it 's a telegraph article . 
  i 'm rather suspicious as to what he considers be in the uk 's interests . 
  never gon na happen . 
  i was told turkey would be in the eu by around 2020 . 
  well i guess krieger wo n't be returning to europe any time soon . 
  the questions seem a bit all over the place , two of them are race-related , one is religion and the last could be read either way .
