  it was hitler and he is rightly despised for that . 
  just because someone else could have done it does n't wipe the guilt from the ones that did . 
  i think it 's fair to say ww1 was inevitable . 
  the system of alliances and military dick waving in the years leading up to the war showed that the countries involved were spoiling for a fight regardless of what sparked the war . 
  that guy really has a stick up his arse regarding ireland . 
  the idea of ireland being a sovereign state and being an equal of britain instead of cowing to britian seems to really offend him . 
  i remember when these guys took over athlone . 
  even as soon as it was announced people were finding that the guys now involved in the club had previously been involved in betting scandals and there were warnings what was going to happen . 
  so it was n't a surprise at all when the match fixing allegations popped up a few months later . 
  if the dup knew they could challenge that as something illegal under british law they would have done so long ago . 
  i 'm not sure how a finnish person is such an expert on uk law , but given your expertise do you not think it would have been challenged in court by now especially given the dups opposition to the gfa at the time ? 
  we 've already seen how one half of the population in northern ireland were n't protected from discrimination by the state before the troubles . 
  the treatment of the nationalist community violated article 8 of of udhr ( which you failed to mention ) . 
  hence the gfa . 
  theres nothing that states they have a right to a coalition with the ruling party . 
  they can still take their seats in westminster and vote just like the other mps . 
  have you ever heard of the troubles ? 
  have you heard of the stormont assembly ? 
  the good friday agreement ? 
  northern ireland is a special case because of its history . 
  no ones stopping northern irish mps from taking their seats in westminister . 
  its about preventing the british government from losing status as a neutral party in regards to ni , something that was agreed to for the peace process . 
  theres no double standard . 
  labour and the tories shouldnt be making deals with the dup or other northern parties . 
  their representatives can still sit in westminster and participate . 
  dont forget the dup already are the strongest unionist party in stormont where things really matter for the north . 
  also the irish government has no control of northern ireland . 
  that coupled with the fact no other party in the dail would go into coalition with sinn fein it 's all but irrelevant . 
   the really silly remoaners downvoting even this simple statement : read this page . 
  why do you assume only remainers do n't want to see the gfa put at risk ? 
  i 'm sure both leave and remain voters do n't want to put the peace process at risk . 
  the daily mail still tried to blame the fire on the eu . 
  its not just tabloids though . 
  plenty of british posters on this sub like to insult and mock other countries regularly . 
  they 're also usually the first to complain when anyone criticizes the uk . 
  given the way the tabloids spoke of them and the bulgarians a few years ago , they 've got a very good reason to have a chip on their shoulder about british tabloids . 
  well there is something that can be done about the press . 
  there should be harsher punishments for papers that are found to be lying . 
  at the moment its just a slap on the wrist and they publish a small retraction buried in the middle of the paper . 
  they should be given a large fine and made to publish the retraction in the same page and same size as the original article . 
  currently they know they cant print whatever lies they want and the consquences are too small for them to care . 
  any carrier that does though will be popular with people who travel to europe regularly on holiday or business . 
  hopefully competition will drive at least some of them to do it . 
  mostly ensuring brexit goes ahead and of course immigration . 
  his party ukip lost their only seat and they performed terribly across the board . 
  theyre more than likely finished as a party . 
  should have been a british man bashing the terrorist over the head with a crate . 
  i 'm glad that czech people wont be offended by me still using czech rep. saying that most of the people i see using czechia on / r/europe arent czech and now i know why . 
  thats interesting . 
  id always assumed the bogs were naturally occuring . 
  mercs , bmws and audis are the arsehole trifecta of cars, 
  this map puts the `` protestant work ethic '' myth to bed . 
  at least a potato is healthier than a deep fried mars bar . 
   glad you learned something today . 
  i certainly did . 
  never deprive a jock of their purple burglar alarm . 
  you 're cranky . 
  did someone nick your purple burglar alarm ? 
  that post is a nice demonstration of the little englander mentality towards ireland . 
  how dare we not bow and scrape to the uk . 
  you also mention anglophobia but fail to acknowledge the anti-irish undercurrent in the uk . 
  i dont agree with irish people who hate english people and think its unfair but its in no way a one way street like you seem to think . 
   i do hate the poison of irish nationalism however , which continues unabated today . 
  a great deal of irish people hold extreme nationalistic views , and the worst part is how they do n't accept it . 
  i find people yapping on about british or english crimes from over 600 years ago incredibly tiring , and actually quite racist when those sins are pushed onto everyday brits today , and used as focus points of ethno-cultural hatred . 
  it 's completely unjustified . 
  you could apply most of that paragraph to british nationalism and nationalists . 
  just admit it . 
  you hate ireland and irish people . 
  you seem to get offended if irish people even show the slightest pride in their country . 
  british right wingers like yourself only pretend to like ireland or pretend to be friendly when it suits you . 
  if we dare do anything you dont like the mask comes flying off . 
   there 's plenty of common ground however , so i reckon things will turn out just fine regarding ireland . 
  odd how you say that given you hate ireland . 
  says the guy who used `` is '' instead of `` if '' . 
  ive never supported the ira if thats what your saying . 
  if your implying all irish people are terrorists than go cram that up your arse along with your frog legs and baguette . 
  if he wants to become a terrorist then gun him down or chuck him in prison when he does . 
  problem solved . 
  the real test for ni will come after brexit . 
  the polls in 5 years time will be a lot more telling than the current or past polls . 
  it doesnt take a lot to set him off on a rant . 
  it 's interesting how a lot of british posters on this sub loudly proclaim theres absolutely no chance of a united ireland occuring . 
  5 years ago very few would have seriously thought brexit would be voted for or donald trump becoming president of the us . 
  after last year i dont think we can rule anything out anymore . 
  the brexiters shouting against this should be aware of this . 
  their inclusion in the eurovision has been completely justified . 
  he 's been knocked to second spot . 
  all the bitter brits crying because we didnt give them any points . 
  [ here 's our response to that courtsey of this australian legend ] ( https://i.redd.it/b7t0w5qq8cxy.jpg ), 
  also he looked very drunk . 
  thats was the most entertaining thing i 've seen in eurovision in the last two decades . 
  are they norways version of jedward ? 
  yes i vaguely remember that story . 
  didnt she try to use diplomatic immunity to escape punishment ? 
  its good to see belgium hauling these entitled scumbags before the courts . 
  so many of these arab royalty seem to get of too lightly for their horrible behaviour too often . 
  interesting . 
  i would have thought the proximity to paris would have meant that region was a bit better off than others . 
  any french people able to explain why the north east is more supportive of le pen than the rest of the country ?
