well the constant posting of the same thing across the thread certainly gives a different impression , intended or not . 
  this thread is littered with you trying to paint fine gael as fascists . 
  do you have an agenda or something ? 
  first viking raids to ireland was the 8th century i believe . 
  irish raids on britannia began a few centuries earlier . 
  probably the most famous hostage in these raids was st.patrick . 
  na they were up for it . 
  the fortress at deva is thought to have been a possible launch point for invasion and one roman general is quoted as saying he would take ireland with two legions or something to that effect . 
  the raiding from ireland became more frequent as rome declined though . 
  well serbia hasnt got a need for a navy nowadays so what would ye know about it . 
  we 're chilled out like the southern europeans and miserable like the northern europeans, 
  or if he 's uploading it to social media while he 's there , a bad one . 
  may as well throw up a big sign saying `` i 'm over here , come and get me '' . 
  i get where you 're coming from but it does go deeper than religion though encompassing cultural and political as well as historical factors which could never really be solved by converting people . 
  the alternative the first time was having sarah palin as vice-president . 
  not a bad decision electing obama . 
  the irish resisted conversion to protestantism so that was never going to work . 
  you might say ireland winning independence was a massive embarassment though . 
  the largest empire in the world at the time , recently victorious in ww1 , being fought to a stalemate by a few thousand guerrila fighters right on their own doorstep . 
  1922 was the beginning of the end for the empire . 
  you probably would have been a lot worse off after given the soviets would have won anyway and be really pissed off to boot . 
  * penneys as its known in ireland . 
  also primark is irish owned . 
  you should check out it crowd which he also made . 
  not set in ireland but similar type of humour . 
  from my experience it is mostly anti-us types . 
  it 's normally a case of whoever is americas enemy is my friend ( in this case russia ), 
  we actually did more to aid the allies . 
  something that seems to be forgotten in britain . 
  the view that we colluded with nazi 's seems to be quite common in britain for some reason . 
  i agree . 
  i remember the british were quite critical and wanted a pardon for those guys but the question i 'd put to them is how would they feel about british soldiers who deserted their post during ww2 . 
  ireland was under threat of invasion from both germany and britain during ww2 so irish soldiers abandoning their post is unforgiveable . 
  i was wondering about that too . 
  do we even have strawberry fields ? 
  are these guys from one of the parties the russians have been funding ? 
  i think we fall under the papist category, 
  they 're looking to bring the swedish model into ireland as well . 
  the problem in ireland is that the go to group for the governement to get information and advice about sex workers is [ ruhama ] ( http://www.ruhama.ie/ ) . 
  the problem with ruhama is they 're an organisation founded by a catholic order of nuns and have nuns on the board of directors . 
  the problem with that is rather than go to the prostitutes themselves and ask what should be done to help them and make their lives safer the governement consults a group whose members will always want prostitution banned for ideological reasons whether it 's the best course of actionor not . 
  it 's an absolute farce . 
  there 's loads of other minority recruits . 
  irish , nepalise , fijian , indian to name a few . 
  there 's a fair few muslims as well . 
  there a good few gambian muslims in my regiment for example and their religion isnt an issue . 
  so what you say isnt really true . 
  however i 've never met a muslim of pakistani origin during my time in the army . 
  given they make up a large portion of the british population it 's not reflected in the make-up of the armed forces . 
  i hear there was an armenian shortage in the early 20th century . 
  this is kind of relevant to me actually because my partners brother found out the other day that his son wasnt his . 
  it was kind of expected though . 
  the child had an inherited genetic condition which can only be passed down from the fathers side and my partners brother didnt have that condition . 
  ended up doing a paternity test and the kid wasnt his . 
  im also reminded of [ this story ] ( http://firsttoknow.com/husband-awarded-nearly-40k-after-dna-tests-prove-his-wifes-children-are-not-his/?utm_source=o_fo&amp;utm_campaign=husband-awarded-nearly-4-19903 ) where a guy sued his ex wife when it turned out the children were n't his . 
  this is something i think should be more widespread . 
  women who intentionally mislead a man into raising a child that isnt his should be open to be sued if it comes to light . 
  the french celebrate bastille day which began the road to the french republic . 
  why not give the french grief as well ? 
  ok you keep telling yourself that then if it makes you feel better . 
   ireland was outmatched why didnt they just crush the rebels then ? 
  well i suppose banter doesnt translate as well in text form, 
  but you lads think crimea is yours when its the ukraines . 
  cant blame your nations obvious difficulty with geography . 
   oh dear , what are they smoking this time ? 
  if a so-called `` irish unification '' ever does happen , it will be the southern irish province rejoining the uk . 
      ulster is our british territory and will not be departing the uk any time soon , regardless of what some deluded ex-con says . 
  just going to quote you here since you 'll inevitably delete it, 
  to be fair most irish people dont actually hate the english either . 
  just to point out those irishmen you spoke to arent indicative of all our opinions regarding the rising or ww2 or even common for that matter . 
  personally i think the rising and subsequent war of independence was completely justified and being neutral during ww2 was the right move as it was n't in our best interests to get directly involved . 
  we did indirectly help the allies a lot though . 
  probably the same reason no one drinks with you . 
  i actually felt bad for them when the uk media was demonizing both countries . 
  they painted a picture of barbaric hordes flooding the uk looking for money . 
  it was quite funny in one of the reports because they had a british reporter in romania asking locals would they now move to the uk . 
  most of them said no and that theyd prefer spain or italy . 
  denmark is europes canada . 
  it 's not that important and people usually forget its there . 
  you mention ireland there and its actually something i 've thought about as well . 
  we 'll be the only english speaking country left in the eu making us more attractive for investment . 
  however much of the focus in ireland is the potential negative effect on trade with the uk given their a big share of our export market . 
  also used our flag as a drinks coaster so there was that too . 
  i saw a fair few shinty pitches when i was travelling through the highlands so its probably more popular in the highlands then the lowlands . 
  i always assumed calling a polish person a polak was a slur . 
  never heard of anything with dutch in ireland.except dutch gold a popular beverage with the skangers . 
  it really feels like a case of `` the taigs have their language so we have to have one '' . 
  at best its a dialect of english . 
  shouldnt be classed as an actual language though i dont know what official status it has . 
  i see this too . 
  some people are so anti-west/us/uk etc that they will defend or downplay the likes of isis , all the while living comfortably in the west themselves . 
  those are dissidents . 
  guys who dont accept the gfa . 
  i hate the ira and i 'd call it if the provos were active but they 're not . 
  as noble as all that sounds it also incredibly naive and stupid . 
  the world just does n't work like that . 
  what vitriol ? 
  most people on / r/ireland find it funny especially the reaction from some people on other subreddits to the bot, 
  that site op linked to doesnt seem to like including us . 
  second chart ive seen from there that didnt have ireland,
