  but it was overturned and he got manslaughter and will be released shortly . 
  dont agree with it personally . 
  between that and the uproar over potentially prosecuting soldiers who committed crimes in ni it seems a lot of british people dont want their soldiers held accountable . 
  they could always move to the uk when they inevitably become a tax haven after brexit . 
   fewest divorces for ireland is it really a good thing ? 
  their laws are just ridiculous . 
  how ? 
  divorce is legal in ireland . 
  i mean a lot of uk posters i see on / r/europe are right wing empire loving arseholes but i dont for a second conflate that with the general population of the uk and know most british people are good people . 
  i wonder was bosco the jimmy saville of rte . 
  i do personally . 
  every 9th of october i drape my ugandan flag around my shoulders and head down to the pub to celebrate . 
  i wonder what bosco did to him ? 
  actually he was welsh . 
   tax haven isnt that mays grand plan after leaving the eu ? 
  dont chuck stones in glasshouses and all that . 
  seems to be a new trend . 
  [ enda was caught chilling out in supermacs . 
  ] ( http://cdn.evoke.ie/2016/05/02071648/enda.jpg ), 
  republicans tend to come from the younger demographic . 
  so theyre better represented online . 
  say anything critical of sinn fein on / r/ireland and watch the downvotes flow in . 
  its the same on a lot of other irish forums/websites . 
  doesnt reflect the wider irish population though, 
  i still cant understand how his supporters just wont accept that labour is going nowhere with him in charge . 
  i appreciate theres a lot of media bias against him but even excluding that he 's been a terrible opposition leader . 
  i got to ski in germany and austria a couple of years ago . 
  i absolutely loved it and would love to go back there again someday . 
  the alps make for some incredible scenery . 
   well where on earth are the `` upper class aristocracy types '' living in the east midlands ? 
  ever been to rutland ? 
  certainly has its upper class areas . 
  also i was in the army and a lot of officers from that sort of background . 
   also do you really think the traffics that bad in the east midlands ? 
  i 'm from between derby and nottingham . 
  certainly is in around some of the towns and cities . 
  not as bad as the south but its not immune either . 
  also last time i was in nottingham there seemed to be roadworks everywhere . 
  get around there was a pain in the arse . 
  i 've lived in the east midlands and a couple of places in the south and have at least travelled to most of the other parts of the uk . 
  i 've only been to london a handful of times . 
  the uk is a nice place and i 've mostly enjoyed living here so far . 
  some observations i 've made while living here - the class divide is very noticeable . 
  the upper class aristocracy types pretty much have their lives set from birth . 
  to be fair a lot of them are still nice people for the most part but quite a few tend to look down their nose at others . 
  public schools seem to be a way of enshrining their higher status and giving them a headstart in life . 
  - british girls get too much flak in my opinion . 
  there are loads of gorgeous girls here . 
  the slutty , fake tan caked , `` i wouldnt ride that into battle '' type girls will probably be the ones that stand out the most to a visitor on a night out , but avoid them and there are still lots of classy , well dressed attractive girls about . 
  - quite a few british people are quite insular . 
  always hear negative comments about immigrants , foreigners , the eu etc. 
  probably just a manifestation of the `` island mentality '' . 
  from experience `` little englander '' types are the worst and are almost exclusively arseholes . 
  - the nhs is a great system and something the uk should be really proud of . 
  i really hope british people will fight to keep it and not give it up to privatization . 
  - traffic seems to be quite a big problem . 
  i 've spent too much of my time sat in a traffic queue . 
  - drink culture is quite big here . 
  us irish are often stereotyped for drinking but i think the british easily match us in that department . 
  overall though its a nice place to live and i do genuinely hope that after brexit things will work out ok for them . 
  i think you 'll be too busy licking fuhrer may 's flaps to worry about what we 're doing . 
  belgium still caused a lot of problems in the congo in the 20th century . 
  the katanga war for example where katangas breakaway was aided by belgium . 
  why did you delete your / u/citee _ londinius account ? 
  you dont seem to be getting good mileage out of this one . 
  it was brought by british politicians due to the common law legal system we share . 
  the goal is to have it brought before the european court where it can be clarified . 
  besides it going through an irish court , ireland has nothing to do with it . 
  should go down like a lead balloon among the brexiters . 
  i can almost see the `` why are the paddies getting involved in brexit ? '', 
  comments under daily mail articles now . 
  but i can see the logic in trying to clarify this , since its something that should be made clear for future reference . 
  [ looks to be the case in this map which shows territorial waters boundaries . 
  i never said to `` break '' ties . 
  just to prioritize ties with the eu . 
  given the events of last year i agree forging stronger links with the rest of the eu should be prioritised . 
  we need to reduce or dependency on trade with the uk and now possibly the us given trumps recent decisions . 
  well i know its a mistake , but its the best description i 've heard for him so far . 
  could you repeat that mate ? 
  i dont speak hunnic . 
  could you explain wtf the large nipples thing is about ? 
  neither have i. 
  they do like sending all their teenagers over every summer to temporarily deafen us with their incredibly loud screeching . 
  its crazy to think that homosexuality was banned in ireland only a few years before the timeline for this map begins . 
  and just over two decades later same sex marriages are now legal . 
  we 've come a long way in such a short amount of time . 
  that guy just really hates the eu doesnt he ? 
  i dont think theres anyone more determined to bring it down than him . 
  it doesnt even have varadker . 
  though no one would have voted for him so thats fair enough . 
  we need more craic in british-irish relations . 
  rock shandy is the nectar of the gods . 
  you 'd probably just lie back and think of england , so no . 
  ya i would describe you as a massive cock as well . 
  does the mc stand for massive cunt ? 
  ireland isnt part of the anglo world . 
  sounds like a good idea . 
  i hope its found to be viable as it can only be beneficial . 
  it could have been china or india etc but it was n't . 
  it could have been someone else that rose to power in germany and kicked off ww2 but it was n't .
