  sorry we 're not willing to take on the uk as part of a greater irish republic . 
  i had that . 
  i thought why would they have applied if they 're sad to be selected . 
  it was re-negotiated and changes made to address irish concerns . 
  so he doesnt really have a point, 
  so every county in ireland has a county teams that like an equivalent to a national team in football . 
  then each county has lots of local club teams which is like the club teams in football leagues . 
  these club teams compete against the other clubs from their county in inter-county championships . 
  since europe doesnt have a lot of gaa clubs and the ones that are there are spread out across europe , its easier to bring them under a `` county '' europe umbrella so all these european clubs can play against each other . 
  so if i say you 're basically functioning as an asshole thats perfectly fine because its not an insult, 
  probably would move back to ireland first . 
  though if i could learn the language wouldnt mind germany or the netherlands . 
  ireland and scotland have some pretty good landscape too . 
  i 've always viewed him that way . 
  if he genuinely cared about exposing information he would have stepped away from wikileaks to avoid it being tarnished by his reputation . 
  assange is too divisive a figure to have as a face of an organization . 
  first of all theres no such thing as a `` southern irish '' passport . 
  there are irish passports however that have the same rights of freedom of movement as every other eu member . 
  theres no way the eu would remove freedom of movement of one member for sucha spiteful reason . 
  i can see the grandparent rule being changed or scrapped if this continues . 
  we already got rid of the jus soli when that was being abused . 
  the same might happen with this . 
  theres the re-opened line out to midleton as well . 
  should modern egypt stop claiming ancient egyptian history because its now an arab nation ? 
  stealing culture and history ? 
  thats just hyperbole . 
  i 've no objection personally . 
  if other former yugoslav countries can join shouldnt be any different for macedonia . 
  the greeks wont allow it though i find that whole argument petty on their part . 
  edit : downvoted again by greeks for sympathizing with macedonia . 
  its not being banned though is it ? 
  theyre just stopping them from doing it to someone who cant give consent . 
  theres nothing to stop them getting a circumcision when they are older and can consent . 
  protecting the child should be always put before religious concerns . 
  how is it undemocratic ? 
  they can choose to get it done at 18 if thats what they want . 
  forcing it on them when they cant consent is undemocratic . 
  i 'm only joking . 
  i live in the uk and like it here . 
  uk is our only neighbour so to answer the question , none of them, 
  the greeks at the time viewed the macedonians as barbarians . 
  funny how keen they are to accept him as one of their own now . 
  im kind of surprised they went for deep-fried pizza over haggis for scotland . 
  i honestly dont think anyone in the uk is so commited to the eu that theyd shoot and stab and mp for it . 
  the greeks at the time didnt consider macedonians as greeks . 
  i appreciate your sacrifice . 
  you 've taken the heat off of us . 
  its not really the leagues fault though . 
  some teams do well considering the limited resources they have . 
  however the apathy of the general irish public and the fai are more to blame . 
  we do ? 
  we 've already done one commonwealth . 
  we wont be doing another . 
  how ? 
  ye 've all left . 
  calling it now . 
  russia to not participate in eurovision next year . 
  polish and lithunian migrants have been busy tonight . 
   has there been some kind of concerted effort by politicians to keep the church relevant in the face of changing public attitude ? 
  its more that the governement is too cowardly to just call for a referendum . 
  its not about pleasing the church , its about not pissing off anti-choice voters . 
  i wasnt aware they were a significent minority in poland or the czech republic . 
  vietnam seems like an unusual addition to that list . 
  given all the other countries are fellow european or major powers , vietnam just seems a bit out of place . 
  3 times you 've posted that like . 
  one would think you have an agenda or axe to grind . 
  also as others have pointed out ( and you have conveniently ignored ) a 14 year old girl managed to disprove his claims . 
  i think we 're nearing a point where states will have to come down hard on parents who dont vaccinate their kids ( obviously excluding children who cant be vaccinated for genuine reasons ) . 
  fine parents who dont vaccinate , make vaccination mandatory for registering kids for schools and nurseries etc. 
  i know that ends up affecting their children , and i do feel sorry for those kids since they 've no choice in the matter , but it 's not fair to put people who cant have the vaccines at risk . 
  the surges of preventable illnesses like measles is proof these idiots are having an impact . 
  i think if there is a cultural divide in europe its more north and south than east and west . 
  at long last . 
  wont miss the annual argument about it either . 
  why would a someone with a union jack for a flair have a mother from narnia ? 
  still would prefer to be polish to that though . 
  id have no problem being polish . 
  better than having some hybrid animal for a mother . 
  i dont see what a picture of your mother has to do with any of this . 
  dont bother with him . 
  he 's just a gowl who says shite like that all the time here . 
  the uk gave a loan which its collecting interest on . 
  it should be paid off in 2021 if i remember correctly . 
  we ended up incorporating and `` adopting '' some of the pixel art characters in our path . 
  i thought it was a nice sentiment . 
  its no conspiracy . 
  a lot of sinn fein supporters are young males which has a big crossover with the type of people that would be on / r/ireland or any other irish forum . 
  thats just the reality . 
  i dont know why people like yourself deny that or even try to make it seem like crazy talk . 
  you forgot to mention the shinnerbots . 
  god forbid you criticise sinn fein or republicans on there . 
  i 've never voted for sinn fein so that negates your `` you lot '' right there . 
  i 'd be happy to see any unconvicted ira members who are guilty of crimes sent to jail . 
  i personally feel thats a cop out . 
  none of the other troops with ptsd did the same . 
  he was aware what he was doing was wrong . 
  for all the british forces banging on about values and standards and the law of armed conflict and then shrugging that off when it suits them , its very hypocritical . 
  you say that like im responsible . 
  im not italian so im not even aware of what relevance does that have, 
  he shot an injured taliban fighter and was going to be convicted or murder .
