  groenlinks definitely is n't far-left . 
  not in the same way the sp is , anyway . 
  gl embraces the eu , the euro , economic integration ... they 're actually extremely realistic when it comes to the economy . 
  firstly , why is that insane ? 
  you use far less petrol when driving 100 km/h compared to 130 km/h . 
  makes total sense from an environmental point of view . 
  secondly , the roads you can go 130 km/h now are n't roads you could drive 100 km/h before . 
  i 'm fairly certain it only went from 120 to 130 km/h . 
  that 's a tiny ass difference in terms of time , but one that cost a * lot * , both monetary and emissions wise . 
  alright . 
  i lived in york and the smaller roads there were really shitty sometimes . 
  i like to bike but for some reason the sides of almost every road was full of potholes . 
  i often had to choose between going through a pothole or getting hit by a car . 
  that really takes the fun out of biking . 
  what 's the deal with cornwall ? 
   i 'm only familiar with driving in the uk  you 're * all * still insane alright ... 
  did you go up north ? 
  i 've only driven on the motorways a few times and do n't remember too well , but many of the smaller roads are terrible . 
  such a dumb fucking ass change . 
  i 'm still baffled by how stupid that was and why people actually supported it . 
  this is km/h ... 
  you really like the change to 130 ? 
  can i ask you why ? 
  it saves a minimum amount of time on an average trip but it 's significantly worse for the environment . 
  it was one of the populist new policies in the wilders days . 
  i seriously do n't understand why people supported it . 
  have you ever visited the sgp 's website on a sunday ? 
  do me a favor and try it this weekend . 
  fairly unrelated , but the last line of the article :  turnout in the netherlands , the fifth largest european economy ... 5th ? 
  in no particular order i think germany , france , italy , spain and the uk are above holland . 
  jesus christ i 'm not sure if i should reply cause you seem like a complete idiot , but here goes : 1 . 
  just because animals are their highest priority does n't mean they do n't defend people 's interests . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  you 're even contradicting yourself : you 're saying * highest * priority , which obviously means they can have other priorities . 
  political parties , including the party for the animals , do represent the interests of humans . 
  most humans care about animals . 
  for the party for the animals , their highest * political * priority is animal welfare . 
  that does n't mean they put animal rights above human rights in every case , they just think animal rights should be given more importance in politics right now because they feel animal rights are under represented in dutch politics . 
  they 're a [ single issue party ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single-issue_politics#single-issue_parties ) . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
   a party that is admittedly not defending people 's interest who 's saying that ? 
  their * focus * is on animals , agriculture , and nature is general . 
  besides , as / u/theflyingbastard said , they fill a political void . 
  if anything it 's evidence of a healthy democracy . 
  pretty much all green parties throughout the world started out as anti-nuclear parties . 
  it would go completely against their founding principles to advocate for nuclear energy and it would alienate many of their voters . 
  with fewer votes they would n't get anything done , so even if they would be pro-nuclear , it 's not in their interest to publicly say so . 
  and honestly now , being anti nuclear power is n't being anti science . 
  what about the idea that you do n't want to leave many future generations with problems you 've created ? 
  or that there are so many alternatives , it 's more beneficial to invest in truly renewable sources of energy than building nuclear power plants ? 
  i 'm from holland but did my undergrad in the uk . 
  i feel like i have a relatively accurate opinion about the british . 
  from my experience living in northern england , british people seemed to fall under these categories : * posh , elitist assholes ( relatively few where i was and i avoided them like the plague ) * educated and genuinely kind ( the british people i befriended ) * drunken and `` laddish '' ( those who i 'd see on nights out and who are impossible to avoid ) the uk to me remains a country of contradictions . 
  i was often amazed by the history and culture that surrounded me on a given night out , but then there will be girls in extremely short dresses puking in the streets in the middle of winter . 
  the drinking culture in the uk i seriously loathe , but i very much appreciate the museums i can visit for free . 
  i got shouted at and called a `` fucking yank '' by some yorkshire boys on a bus one time , and on the same bus the driver told me to `` have a nice day , love '' . 
  i kept seeing these contradictions in the uk i have n't really seen anywhere else . 
  when i moved to the uk i had n't lived in europe for about 10 years and i thought it would be a lot like the netherlands . 
  it really is n't . 
  i honestly do n't ever want to live in the uk again , but i * am * glad i lived there and definitely enjoyed myself in those three years . 
  yeah . 
  i 'd say ongemakkelijk is awkward in terms of an awkward situation whereas an awkward person is onhandig . 
  i tend to just say `` awkward '' with most of my dutch friends . 
  a note : you used * it 's * three times when you should have used * its * . 
  not the same but i 'd say that probably comes closest . 
  the word awkward is just really good . 
  yeah learning the language is quite important . 
  if you speak romanian that 'll help there , although i doubt you 'll find the work you 're looking for there ( though i might be totally off , do look into it ) . 
  if you only speak english the uk and ireland make sense . 
  you also wo n't have any problems in holland with only english . 
  i would n't be surprised if you can go without knowing any dutch for most biomedical engineering jobs . 
   you ca n't be certain that someone may do something in this case are n't you always certain ? 
  russia will either attack or not . 
  i 'm 100 % sure they 're going to do one or the other . 
  late to the party but this made me think of [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7l6mvyefoto ) of stephen fry talking about wagner . 
  i 'm a big fan of [ the anatomy lesson of dr. nicolaes tulp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_anatomy_lesson_of_dr._nicolaes_tulp ) . 
   the event can be dated to 16 january 1632 : the amsterdam guild of surgeons , of which tulp was official city anatomist , permitted only one public dissection a year , and the body would have to be that of an executed criminal probably not the most popular/icons painting , but i think it 's cool some of the people in the painting paid to be in such a scene . 
  i can imagine at the time holland was a leading country in terms of science and medicine and in perhaps in more catholic countries dissecting people was severely frowned upon . 
  in holland it was more of a social event where people wanted to be because it was a time of great wealth and relative peace , where knowledge and money were more important that religion and war . 
   well would you say they can consent to sex ? 
  it seems an even bigger decision . 
  no , that 's completely irrelevant here . 
  classic [ red herring ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_herring ) . 
  same with your second sentence . 
  none of what you wrote has * anything * to do with the topic at hand . 
  my argument is that children potentially wishing to be euthanized still need consent from their parents and medical professionals . 
  you claimed children younger than 10 do n't have the capacity to make decisions like that . 
  assuming that 's true for the sake of this argument , i pointed out they 're not making those decisions alone . 
  how do you know ? 
  besides , consent from parents and multiple doctors is still required . 
  i do n't see how your point is relevant . 
  your whole premise if wrong . 
  the children are n't consenting to be put to death . 
  they 're the ones who should want it in the first place . 
  no one is going to ask them `` we 're going to euthanize you , do you consent ? '' . 
  the consent needs to come from parents and doctors ( including mental health specialists ) . 
  i find it a bit ridiculous you 're implying children do n't have the capacity to make such a decision . 
  do you have any idea about what it 's like to live in constant suffering ? 
  i honestly do n't , but i 'm not going to pretend i do and tell others what to do with their life . 
  what the fuck ?
