  no , you 're not . 
  you can translate it yourself if you want . 
  basically it states you can only be naked in designated areas , such as a nude beach . 
  if you think animals and children can consent to sex i think you should seek help , immediately . 
  i 'm being very serious . 
  google `` psychiatrist [ your city ] '' and make an appointment asap . 
  if you 're in copenhagen : [ here ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=psykiater+kobenhavn&amp;oq=psykiater+kobenhavn&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.5741j0j1&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=88&amp;ie=utf-8 ) . 
   i mean we , as a society fair enough . 
  but i think you 're taking a very cynical stance in all this . 
  just because a lot of people in our society are ok with treating animals badly does n't mean `` we '' , another group in the same society , should just accept it as fact and not try to change anything . 
  also i would argue we need food to survive ( a controversial statement , i know ) . 
  we do n't need to treat animals badly in the process but it has made it a lot easier to feed everyone for relatively little money . 
  having sex with animals has very little added benefit . 
  the desire to do so shows a significant mental/sexual disorder and these people should get help instead of being allowed to do so by law . 
  it 's a fallacy to think that because we treat animals badly to produce food we can treat them badly for our sexual pleasures . 
   if one can defend eating the corpse of a tortured and murdered individual one can sure as hell defend having sex with that individual i 'm not defending that * at all * . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  i think the modern treatment of animals is abhorrent and i do n't even eat meat for that very reason . 
   we have already established that if we want to , we can do whatever we want to animals no we have n't . 
  in a lot of developed countries you can go to jail if you torture an animal . 
  i think that makes perfect sense . 
  two points : 1 . 
  i think you 're very naive if you think organic meat and eggs all comes from animals that have had a `` happy '' life . 
  the rules about it are quite vague and rarely properly enforced , especially when it comes to imports . 
  organic farming , especially meat , is very inefficient in terms of land use . 
  it is impossible to match current demand purely with organic farming . 
  we should really be eating * less * meat , not just organic meat . 
   if it 's legal to stick your arm in a cow , which it is - and commonly done , making it illegal to do it with your dick , is purely making laws from an moral perspective . 
  and that is n't how laws are done . 
  putting an arm in a cow is , i 'm assuming , done for the health of the cow rather than the pleasure of the person doing it . 
  you mentioned earlier cows do n't mind if you insert an arm/penis in their body . 
  how do you know ? 
  how could anyone possibly know that ? 
  you 're conveniently skipping the step of consent . 
  you 're satisfied by the absence of objection . 
  that 's definitely not enough . 
  there are tons of `` moral '' laws , especially the ones covering sexual behaviour . 
  you 're not allowed to just be naked in public areas because it 's seen as morally wrong . 
  i think that makes perfect sense . 
  your logic is based on the legality of sticking an arm in a cow . 
  i do n't think that should be legal either , unless it 's a health related concern . 
  there is no valid health related reason to stick your penis in a cow . 
  who says they are n't ? 
  some laws just take longer to implement . 
  besides , industrialized farming and global warming are very much linked . 
  raising cattle is a massive contributor to rising co2 levels . 
  no , neither are ok . 
  some things are easier to change though . 
  so many people in this thread seem to think that you 're not allowed to solve small problems before dealing with the bigger ones . 
  that 's such a ridiculous way of thinking . 
  if we follow your logic : why stop at industrialized farming ? 
  surely there are bigger problems to solve , like global warming , malaria , aids ? 
   animals should be lucid during the slaughter . 
  i dislike this practice . 
  but you have no problem with industrialized farming ? 
  it seems a bit hypocritical to have objections against halal/kosher killing to the point that you wo n't eat it , but you do n't have objections with the way these animals are treated the entire time before they 're killed . 
   the very idea that they can even consider banning this and not tackling factory farming is insulting . 
  the idea that you ca n't solve one problem before solving a bigger one is so ridiculous . 
  why tackle factory farming ? 
  we should be working on global warming !, 
  are you seriously defending bestiality ? 
   if you stick you dick in a cow , the cow does not care this is highly debatable . 
  the thing is , the cow ca n't enter the debate because it 's a cow . 
  surely that means it should n't be allowed . 
  animals ca n't give consent . 
  but let 's follow your logic for a second . 
  can we extend it to children ? 
  a child ca n't give consent , but i 'm sure touching them wo n't technically * hurt * them so according to your logic some forms of pedophilia are fine , too . 
  people , keep in mind the title of this post . 
  population of foreign * citizens * in europe . 
  this is n't the same as percentage of population that is of foreign origin , i.e. 
  immigrants . 
  it 's also population of foreign * citizens * . 
  this is speculation but it could be that holland has more foreigners , but that they 're not citizens ( yet ) . 
  alternatively it could be the netherlands relatively quickly gives people dutch citizenship and so only expats are counted towards this number . 
  i actually think that 's more likely . 
  actually now that i think about it that 's exactly what this map is . 
  so it makes perfect sense . 
  belgium has so many eu institutions , it 's filled with expats . 
  the [ wikipedia page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_netherlands ) has these numbers on dutch demographics : dutch 79.3 % eu 5.7 % turks 2.4 % indonesian dutch 2.3 % moroccans 2.2 % surinamese 2.1 % caribbeans 0.9 % poles 0.6 % chinese 0.3 % iraqis 0.3 % other 3.9 % but that 's demographics . 
  this is foreign citizens , what the post is referring to : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:cob_data_netherlands.png, 
  they met in chile and spoke spanish when they met . 
  their english is just as good if not better , but it would be weird to suddenly change . 
   what was your biggest culture shock ? 
  probably the uk actually . 
  i had been in latin america and asia and then went back to europe for my undergrad . 
  i figured : it 's the uk , it must be a lot like holland . 
  in a lot of ways it is , but i just could n't relate to so many of my fellow students . 
  the drinking culture is one thing i still do n't understand and really dislike . 
  there were very few nights out there i actually enjoyed , which is not a great sign as a university student . 
  in the other countries i expected it to be really different so many things were n't a shock , it was anticipated change and much easier to accept/embrace . 
   those adventures have been the best experiences of my life , despite some snags along the way . 
  exactly how i feel . 
  i 've lived in six different countries on four continents and been in countless countries . 
  i feel incredibly lucky and happy i 've been able to see so much of the world . 
  i 'm always incredibly confused when i 'm on facebook and i see a post by someone from my hometown . 
  i 'm originally from a tiny village of about 1500 people and many of my old friends have stayed there . 
  the furthest from holland they 've been is ibiza or crete . 
  they 're dating people from the same town or maybe one 5 kilometers away and they still live in the same area . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with that but they do n't care at all about the rest of the world .
