but imo your record in the 1970s versus the 2010s is not seeming all that different . 
  that 's the thing , it 's not about the record , it 's about the * way * of playing football . 
  the 1970s saw total football , it was absolutely beautiful . 
  the dutch team during the 2010 world cup was atrocious . 
  i 've never found it so difficult to support a side as during that tournament . 
  almost as bad as this : http://youtu.be/9waliydm_nk  and pity all those countries with hundreds of millions of people and lots of money listening to you complain about how disappointing your national football team is !, 
   how many countries with `` hundreds of millions of people '' truly care about football though ? 
  zero . 
  nigeria ( with 178 million ) comes closest . 
  but did holland play attractive , dominant football ? 
  was it anything like total football from the 70s ? 
  as long as it is n't dutch people will continue to complain . 
   i mean this gently , because i am sympathetic , honestly , but get some perspective . 
  dude this thread is about things you love to hate !, 
  things you love to hate are often the ones you really should n't be complaining about so much but you do because it 's something you 're passionate about . 
  that 's exactly how it is with the national team . 
  my frame of reference for dutch football is that from the 1970s , when it was probably the best in the world . 
  now it is n't anymore , and it 's so much fun to complain and reminisce about the good old days . 
  three finals , but never won it . 
  also it 's not about reaching the final or even winning , it 's * how * . 
  holland should be playing beautiful , attacking football . 
  better than the germans . 
  they were able to do that in the 70s , but lately it 's been poor . 
  at least that 's what a lot of dutch people ( including myself ) think . 
  the national football team . 
  to be fair it 's really shit . 
  wtf, 
  probably put up by some gay , black jew . 
  huh ? 
  i 've only been to budapest but it 's a beautiful city . 
  i 'd love to go back to hungary and explore some other parts of the country . 
  interesting , thanks for the info !, 
  you might know this : do a bunch of apartments have windows on the floor ? 
  that 's kinda what it looks like in the picture . 
  great cgp grey video about coffee : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otve5ipmklg, 
  what i also found annoying in the uk was the fact you ca n't plug stuff in upside down . 
  in the uk if the plug is [ like this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pcjhz2y.jpg ) ( [ uk version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q158nyq.jpg ) ) you ca n't choose if you want it to go up or down because of the three pins . 
  the thicker euro ones are perfect . 
  one major flaw of the uk one is that you can only plug stuff in one way . 
  you ca n't turn it upside down like the euro one . 
  i do like the button to turn it on and off . 
  the biggest in north korea holds 150,000 , kinda strange how the rest of the fucking world ca n't top that . 
  oh no wait , it 's not , cause you reach a point where adding seats will just make a stadium worse . 
  the * really * big stadiums often do n't have a particularly good atmosphere . 
  how much can you really see from the top tier in those stadiums ? 
  how much can the players on the field engage with the fans ? 
  the best stadiums are often the ones with the crowd really close to the pitch and where everyone stands . 
  that 's pretty difficult in a massive stadium . 
   that 's not the arc de triomphe ... 
  there are thousands of them . 
  the one you 're thinking of might be the most famous but by no means the only one . 
   punishing people for thought crimes . 
  this is not a good development . 
  i totally understand your reasoning and honestly i 'm not sure how i feel about all this . 
  i think it 's justified for the 8 people who left the netherlands to fight for an organization that aims to create an islamic state in the middle east . 
  their aim is to create a new country , so i can understand the dutch government 's reasoning that for all intents and purposes they 're fighting for another country . 
  that 's treason and a valid reason to take someone 's passport . 
  the others though ... 
  i 'd like to know what they 've done wrong exactly . 
  if they could somehow prove beyond all reasonable doubt ( american term but i think it applies in holland ) they were going to join is i can sort of understand . 
  you can arrest people for planning a murder or terrorist attack . 
  i think that makes sense . 
  if it 's obvious these guys were going to join is ... yeah i would say i 'm glad they no longer have passports . 
  you 're right though that this is a really gray area and we should n't be so quick to decide this is the right course of action . 
  i 'm glad you mentioned this . 
  it 's good to debate such things instead of blindly saying : finally !, 
  not criticizing people who did ( maybe they gave it lots of thought as well ) , but taking people 's passports is a pretty drastic step and ought to be discussed in order to form an opinion . 
  yeah so it 's a food production related issue . 
  it 's not for sexual pleasure . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  this whole thread is such a clusterfuck of bizarre statements about having sex with animals , it 's ridiculous . 
   since you stated touching children wo n't hurt them , why are you against p\u00e6dophilia ? 
  you misunderstood . 
  i was using the very limited definition of pain that the previous person used , in which she/he claimed animals were n't `` hurt '' by putting an arm in them . 
  that 's obviously incorrect , just like it 's incorrect to claim children are n't hurt by pedophilia . 
   calling your opponent insane is n't a very good argument i 'm not using this as an argument and i 'm not calling you insane . 
  i 'm just genuinely concerned about the people and animals around you and believe you might have a serious mental disorder . 
  have you ever told someone in real life that you believe children and animals can consent to sex ? 
  i think you really ought to . 
  talk to your parents , teachers , or any other adult you trust and can confide in . 
  please do this . 
  i 'm convinced that if people could read what you 've written here they would come to the same conclusion and agree that you should seek mental help . 
   and what disorder would that be ? 
  that 's exactly one of those questions that a trained psychiatrist can answer . 
  please , * please * seek help . 
  i 'm not trying to put you down , i just really think you have some mental issues you should deal with as soon as possible . 
  if you think i 'm exaggerating please post your thoughts here : http://www.reddit.com/r/mentalhealth get some feedback from other people and see how you feel about it . 
  it 's such a small step . 
  you can create a throwaway account , you have nothing to lose here . 
  please do this . 
   i 'm not naive , but that 's about all i can do short of having a farm myself you could just stop eating meat . 
  or at least eat significantly less . 
   i am also entertaining an idea of eating only `` big animals '' , so that if an animal is slaughtered - it can feed more people than , let 's say , a chicken . 
  i find that an extremely strange decision from an environmental point of view . 
  the difference in the amount of resources it takes to produce 1 kilo of cow vs chicken is enormous . 
  in the long run you 're not doing any animals a favor with this . 
   animal cruelty is still illegal right . 
  so it 's about the definition of animal cruelty . 
  i do n't understand how anyone could think having sex with an animal is n't considered animal cruelty . 
  you need to have a pretty twisted mind to think that .
