  your opinion is formed based on fear of the unknown . 
  well they 've been continually shit on for the last three decades so its sure feeling like it is . 
  why do you include kids who are n't even of school age ? 
  i 've seen this from quite a few remainers and it makes no sense . 
  and uk announces the death of all coal fired power stations . 
  how is unemployment in france ? 
  has it dropped below double digit percentages yet ? 
   the world has change and you ai n't much of a player . 
  < looks at nuclear arsenal ...  you sure about that ? 
  we 've still got an army more than capable of dealing with france . 
  no free movement of people as a requisite . 
  looks like we 're going to have better luck with the usa than the eu is . 
  well aside from the fact the issue was that of unlimited eu immigration ... eu employment rules required british companies to exhaust the eu labour market before they could offer a job to someone from outside of the eu . 
  the wording was `` lets fund our nhs instead '' , not `` lets spend it all on the nhs '' . 
  if you come from an industrial area turning to shit as a result of government policies would you rather have a businessman in charge of sorting it out or a politician who has n't a clue about business ? 
  because with change in a negative situation comes a chance of there being a possibility of a change which will improve their situation . 
  with the status quo they know for certain that will never happen . 
  one day you 'll grow up , look at that comment and realise how much of a dick you were . 
  i voted for brexit and i 'm university educated with a stem degree . 
  do i fit into your narrative ? 
   at which time has politics not been done by elites ? 
  in the uk , historically quite recently . 
  the labour party for example was up to the 90 's made up of people who had come from the real world , had `` regular '' jobs outside of politics before going into it so you had a cabinet and shadow cabinet made up with people who had had common man life experiences . 
  john prescott for example was a steward on a ship , alan johnson had been a postman . 
  from the early years of tony blairs government there was a move to replace such politicians with university educated ones , many of whom had gone straight into a political role from university . 
  exactly and the congress and senate did everything they could to prevent it . 
  clinton winning would have been the last chance to keep the hope of the usa getting one alive . 
  fucking hell the gbp has risen from $ 1.236 to $ 1.25 . 
  be interesting to see where it ends up at the end of the week if trump wins , it 'll let us know whether the markets think trump winning is worse than brexit or not . 
  uk gets trade deal whilst the eu does n't if you believe what trump said . 
   tens of millions of americans are about to lose their healthcare , many of whom will not get care because of their pre-existing conditions . 
  you 've had decades to sort that shit out but instead your countrymen spent their time railing against social healthcare . 
  you keep electing the same politicians to congress/hor who every time do their utmost to prevent social healthcare . 
  chickens coming home to roost comes to mind . 
   one in italy and one in turkey . 
  makes sense given the current focus of our wars . 
  right fanny is n't even an insult . 
  the main bulk of the packet comes entirely from within the uk . 
   yes i 'm sure bojo is hatching some perfidious and wicked plot just now . 
  yeah , going round all the coffee machines in brussels and changing the coffee for tesco own brand . 
  that 'll teach them . 
   i am talking about a woman who thinks that only one white person lives in east london . 
  i once drove down southwark high street during morning rush hour a few years ago and it seemed i was the only white person there at that time so i can understand where she is coming from . 
  you 've obviously never been to leeds . 
  its happened a lot in many areas of leeds and bradford too mostly with asian families moving in . 
  there are quite a lot of towns and cities on the m62 corridor where entire neighbourhoods have changed to almost exclusively ethnic minority over the last half century . 
  maybe its because as far as she is concerned that is now the case given that when she grew up there there was probably hardly any coloured people but now there may be an overwhelming majority . 
  i 've noticed first hand more than you i expect . 
  companies i used to deliver to 2 decades ago which had no foreign workers now have so many that it is a game of spot the brit . 
   also , if evictions take 2 months that just means you will see the homelessness 2 months later . 
  again no . 
  you do n't have to leave when a notice expires . 
  it takes a warrant of execution issued by a court which has a couple of steps that need to be gone through before that so it can take several months to well over a year . 
  err no . 
  the problems in those regions is n't jobs that have left which they think will come back , it is newly created jobs in sectors , typically logistics , that have taken over from steel and coal for example being taken up by migrant agency workers in areas where local unemployment is quite high . 
  they do n't lose all their welfare , just 40 % of it . 
  you can feed yourself quite well for # 10 a week and keep the lights on/heating on for about the same again . 
  the number of people getting less than # 20 a week to live on is nowhere near the number who are using foodbanks . 
  however a lot of those who are using food banks do get enough to buy food but spend their money on other things such as cigs , drink , topping up their phones , paying loans . 
   the second article does n't have exact consequences because that particular cut is next week . 
  the figures are known for the number impacted and how much they 're going to be losing , they 're stated in the article . 
   if you live in london , i 'm sure you will be seeing them on your high street soon . 
  extremely unlikely . 
  evictions ca n't even proceed until there is 2 months of rent arrears and there have n't been many if any reported cases of people being evicted from council housing due to the effects of the bedroom tax which was , like this , reportedly going to make thousands homeless . 
   http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-34777348 no link with benefit cuts in the article for your first claim . 
   http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/more-than-300000-children-will-be-hit-by-a-new-benefits-cap-next-week-theresa-may-george-osborne-a7389736.html your second article says nothing at all about 300,000 children going homeless or in fact any figure at all claimed about the number who will be made homeless or likely to be homeless . 
  if that was supposed to be proof it was a piss poor attempt . 
  17m is the majority of those who voted . 
  the opinion of those who vote is the only one that counts . 
   i am just saying we do n't have the opinion of 65 million people you think that kids incapable of even writing their own name and kids who watch peppa pig should be voting ? 
   that only 17 million have decided the fate everybody else follows . 
  who formed 52 % of those who voted . 
  only the opinion of those who voted counts . 
  if you were eligible and did n't bother to vote then tough shit , your opinion did n't and still does n't count . 
  funny coming from a frenchman . 
  you lot protest and riot over absolutely nothing at all . 
  as for losing respect for the rule of law one only has to look at calais and what went on there . 
  triggering article 50 is n't the prime minister doing what they want , it is the prime minister upholding the result of the referendum . 
  the prime minister unilaterally deciding to go for hard or soft brexit is them doing what they want and that should be put up for debate but triggering a50 should n't . 
  up to my late 20s/early 30s i did n't give a toss about politics . 
  then along come wife , kids , mortgage , responsibilities and you find that you have a growing interest in the decisions others make which affect your life and by the time you 're into your 40 's your outlook compared to your 20 's tends to have done a complete 180 . 
  the uk currently has more people in work than at any point in its entire history so i 'm not sure that the `` jobs that left are gon na come back '' is an issue . 
  you assume that everyone who did n't vote wants to remain . 
   lived in the uk all my life and never thought of it like this . 
  probably because their claim is utter bullshit . 
  one newspaper story recently focussed on a father of four in birkenhead who said he did n't know how he would cope when the benefit cap came in . 
  the journalist reported that the fridge contained nothing more than half a bottle of milk , the man said he regularly survived on a bowl of cornflakes a day and could n't afford fresh veg for his kids and allegedly only had # 43 a week left so when he lost # 80 a week from the cap he 'd be in real shit . 
  his housing and council tax are paid for by benefits and this man has an income from child benefit , tax credits and income support of # 359 per week to live on without any costs for housing to pay . 
  # 280 of this # 359 is benefits which can not be withdrawn , penalised or sanctioned because they are benefits for the children . 
  after the cap is introduced he will have between # 280 - # 320 a week to live on after housing costs . 
  nobody who upvoted the story has been able to explain to me why he has just half a bottle of milk in the fridge but they 've had no problem downvoting me . 
   this is an advanced economy where benefit cuts mean that thousands of people end up in hospital from starvation . 
  hyperbole . 
   just now , housing benefits are being cut which means 100,000 families with 300,000 children will most likely go homeless . 
  hyperbole . 
  i 'm as outraged as fuck about it but i do n't think that the judges are in any , way , shape or form responsible . 
  apparently the press are having a go at one because he is gay . 
  quite why that should have a bearing on this at all i can not even begin to understand . 
  my outrage is vented at the investment banker running this who is doing it for their own ends to force a soft brexit so their investments go up a few pence . 
   out of the major banks , only barclays is in the red in the last eu stress test .
