  or maybe they wo n't . 
   it will be interesting to see if their opinion on brexit changes when that happens . 
  given that the places which voted to leave by the most are already economically in the shit with relative high levels of unemployment amongst the natives i doubt it 'll change at all . 
  the uk was the eu 's second largest net contributor . 
  you may want to look at what military hardware countries have to contribute , what you 'd think would be a reasonable sized army , air force and navy and then go look at the cost of a single individual eurofighter typhoon then tell me that $ 150bn is going to go far . 
  remember that a lot of eu countries have a small or almost non-existent military . 
  $ 1bn buys you just 11 eurofighters , not even enough to form a full squadron , and that does n't include the cost of arming them or the support services for that 11 aircraft . 
  basically the idea of the awr was that once you 've been at a client for 12 weeks you are entitled to the same pay/perks as they are . 
  the swedish derogation means that as long as the agency pay you just 8hrs in any week where there is no work that they do n't have to match the pay thus effectively making the awr completely worthless . 
  so how does that affect people ? 
  at the company i 'm at the permanent employees are on a # 41,500 salary . 
  i 've been at that company through my agency for 2 years but my agency take advantage of the swedish derogation so instead of me also being on # 41,500 i 'm on # 10,000 less . 
  and how many weeks have i had no work and got the # 84 from the agency they have to pay me because they 're using the derogation ? 
  one . 
  one in over 2 years . 
  assuming they actually take a summer break this year . 
  they may not with everything going on . 
   i am pretty sure that theresa may said that she wo n't trigger it until next year . 
  that was when she was n't expecting to be pm until october . 
  well we managed to rule over 1/4 of the entire planet without being in the eu . 
  london has been the worlds financial capital for centuries . 
  i doubt the eu will even exist in 15 years once its citizens in germany , france and italy get fed up with having to fill the gap in funding when the uk leaves . 
  its only been three fucking weeks and we 've been sorting out who runs the country if you 've not noticed . 
   but we should n't let one country dictate our policy . 
  but that happens all the time because countries can veto stuff . 
  the agency workers regulations got turned into a complete waste of time because the swedes were n't happy so the swedish derogation which effectively renders the whole thing useless was put in place to get it through . 
  wait until our money disappears and then you 'll find out why . 
  when a country in the eu that has a gdp higher than the bottom 2/3 of all countries combined leaves and takes its money with it leaving germany , france and italy to make up the shortfall then you 'll see the impact . 
   how well an eu defensive force would work ? 
  very well . 
  what are they going to use given only four eu countries are spending 2 % of their gdp on defence ? 
   if we combine all eu member states defense budgets you would get several hundreds of billions . 
  hahaha . 
  so why are n't they coming even close to spending that now ? 
  including the uk which is the worlds fifth largest spender at # 56bn / $ 65bn , the entire eu defence budget is currently just below $ 200bn and when we leave almost 1/3 of the eu defence budget leaves with us . 
  i wonder how well it 'll work given how few of the eu countries are meeting current nato requirements for military spending . 
  only the uk , greece , estonia and poland do over this side of the atlantic . 
   starting with fuel price rises in the next week or two . 
  price of crude has risen over the past few weeks ... 
  they 've gone as far as having recruitment days in poland . 
   then taxpayers did n't extort ask for a large enough share for their money . 
  the government got over 78 % of rbs when they bailed it out making it pretty much a state run bank . 
   the immigrants live there and spend their money which they pay taxes on while naturally saving certain . 
  they spend a bit of what they earn and they also send a lot home . 
   the business on the other hand pays taxes for operating in the given location , income taxes , trade tax . 
  nope . 
  income tax gets paid by the workers , corporation tax goes to the government so the locals do n't benefit . 
  business rates go to the county council so again the locals do n't benefit . 
   britain would n't have been the choice . 
  britain which has a gdp larger than the lower 2/3 of all eu economiies combined would not be a choice ? 
  where would ? 
  france which is always going on strike ? 
  former soviet bloc countries with crumbling infrastructure ? 
  imagine you live in a country and you have had no job for 5 or 10 years and a company starts up a business and says they 're only going to employ foreign workers . 
  would you be a bit angry ? 
  they do n't . 
  i have no idea what country you 're from but you clearly do n't understand how things work in the uk . 
   then why bring in new people , if the local people already need the jobs and would gladly take them at those conditions ? 
  the belief in the uk that british workers are shit and lazy . 
   and for a few jobs , especially seasonal jobs , foreign workers sometimes are still able to be cheaper than the local minimum , because of foreign contract work where social security benefits are withheld according to the contractor 's home nation 's laws . 
  uk does n't work like that . 
   they get taxed by the village community for establishing a business there . 
  that is n't how the uk works . 
  the taxes go to the county council who may or may not spend the money in the village , most likely not . 
  the local people in that area , many of whom have never had a job since leaving school several years ago , would be more than happy to work for the uk minimum wage . 
  the people who used to work in the mines and engineering companies and who earned the big money are now retired because the mines and engineering companies closed down 30 years ago . 
   still the village benefits from the centre , at least economically . 
  not in any way , shape or form . 
  the eastern european workers do n't live there , they do n't spend their money in the local shops . 
  more like the opportunist fuck was looking for a reason to move manufacturing out of the uk to somewhere like romania where he can cut his costs by more than half and is using this as an excuse . 
   they are expensive and stock nothing i ca n't get for less money in the supermarket . 
  however the difference is when you 're paying for a 500 grammes of bacon in a butcher you 're paying for 500 grammes of bacon as opposed to a supermarket where you 're paying for 300 grammes of bacon and 200 grammes of water . 
  buy a pork chop , bacon etc from a butchers and the same from a supermarket . 
  cook them both side by side . 
  watch the plumes of steam coming from the stuff you bought from the supermarket . 
  look in dismay as the stuff you 've bought from the supermarket shrivels to half its size as the fluid used to bulk it out is boiled off . 
  sitting here in uk , looking at french unemployment statistics . 
  trying hard not to piss myself with laughter . 
  when your unemployment figures finally get below that of the uk when it was in deep recession in the 1980s , its worst recession since the great depression then you can smile about brexit . 
  looks like all those agency adverts for the same jobs have finally been culled . 
   this referendum was trickier for students than usual . 
  it was held in late june , which is over a month later than the usual election season , and after most student accommodation contracts end ( often the last day of may ) , but before others have begun ( often 1st august or 1st september ) . 
  postal votes , proxy votes , could register online at their home address . 
  no excuse . 
   who cares what happened in 1970 . 
  its proof that it has been possible and is possible to go live and work in the eu with little hassle without having to be a member . 
   the uk is unlikely to leave anyway source ? 
  you fucked it up for yourselves . 
  only 27 % of generation snowflake voted to remain . 
   we can not leave , we 're stuck on this grey miserable island for the rest of our lives . 
    no hope of starting afresh in another eu country , no hope of running a little b & b in the sun , no hope of international social mobility for those that do n't earn six figures a year . 
  hyperbolic bullshit from a fucking generation snowflaker . 
  my parents moved to belgium from the uk in 1970 and both lived and worked there . 
  took a whole 2 weeks to go through the process . 
  and what about those who manage to go to australia or new zealand ? 
  stop blaming the old . 
  you had the opportunity to change the outcome of the referendum yet only 27 % of generation snowflake bothered to vote remain , 64 % of the rest of your age group were too fucking lazy to bother voting at all or so fucking stupid you thought a facebook like counted . 
  everything has to be done as one bloc . 
  i 'm glad you mentioned 1989-92 , it was about the last time unemployment in the uk was anywhere near as bad as that of france in 2016 . 
  and we still have unemployment lower than france .
