  in the touristy places its ok and it tended to be the older people who were the assholes purely based on the fact we were driving a car with british plates on and obviously talking amongst ourselves in english . 
  do n't get me wrong i love the place to the point i 'd considered moving to the loire region and even found a house in a small village just outside of blois . 
  sadly missus wanting to remain within spitting distance of the mother in law put paid to it . 
   but there 's plenty of zero hours contracts 2.5 % of all jobs . 
  i do . 
  it means that you 're all talk and no follow through like all those junior doctors who claim they 're going to piss off abroad are . 
  the irish are in the shit . 
  i suppose compared to northern ireland its better but compared to mainland uk , especially england , unemployment is almost double , the average wage is at least 10 % lower with 50 % of employees in eire earning below # 15k a year meanwhile [ the cost of living excluding rent is 10 % higher and rents are 23 % higher ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=ireland ) than the uk . 
  the electorate in the uk have already voiced their opinion that those already here should be allowed to stay to the point that the government agreed to it so that is pretty much a done deal . 
  was watching the quiz show pointless on bbc1 tonight . 
  the capital city of slovakia was a pointless answer , i.e when they asked 100 people to name capital cities within 2000 miles of london nobody said bratislava . 
  very few people on the planet however have never heard of london . 
  we already have to certify products even though we 're in the eu . 
  being in the eu does n't mean you do n't have to get ce certification and not have certificate of conformity on stuff you sell to other member states . 
   lucky for me my irish passport is in the post !, 
  and you 'll still be here in 10 years time . 
   most french people i 've met are wonderful people . 
  have you ever got into rural france and met anyone over 30 ? 
  yep . 
  when i was 13 i did the [ white rose walk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_rose_walk ) with school , a 42 mile walk which includes several hills , in a day . 
  we started at 5am and finished around 8pm . 
  stiff as a board when i got home and could n't move the following day but i did it . 
  that and the fact companies like mine do n't allow us to have passengers in the truck anymore and there are too many company men who will quite happily grass you up if they see one with you . 
  but i 'm not only talking about jsa but also tax credits , housing benefit , council tax benefit . 
  the more work there is the more hours those working part time can find and the more people needed the more wages go up for those in low paid jobs . 
  it does n't just benefit those who are unemployed . 
   as a percentage of income , having one 's own home has become far less affordable absolute poppycock . 
  thanks to historical low interest rates , [ owning one 's home has never been more affordable . 
  ] ( http://heliosphan.org/ukpropertyprices/ukpropertyprices.html ) from 1979-92 and 1989-91 mortgage repayments were more than the average take home pay meaning that if you did n't have two people working you could n't afford to pay the mortgage and eat . 
   the average property value in the uk to # 213,927 within 20 miles of me are 2 bed houses for sale for # 50k or less . 
  my own three bedroom semi detached house cost # 125k 5 years ago . 
  like all averages , especially mean averages which are used to come up with the uk average property value , there tends to be values below the figure you quote . 
  and the other problem with mean averages is that a few ridiculously highly exceptional values can screw the figure returned to give a false picture of the real situation . 
  if you had one # 10m property and 99 # 50k properties even though 99 % of the properties available were # 50k the average house price returned would be # 149,500 . 
  so quite clearly in your mind you 'd be bleating on about property being unaffordable for someone on the uk average salary when the reality is that 99 % of them actually were possible to buy for less than 2x income . 
   it 's now almost impossible for the younger generation to get onto the housing ladder . 
  hyperbole . 
  most of the country has housing they can afford . 
   further , it 's very difficult , if not impossible , for the majority of younger people to make the type of income that the average older-generation did in their time . 
  rubbish . 
  the only thing that they get shafted on is pensions but then generation x has been shafted too . 
   even getting a university degree wo n't help much . 
  because so many are getting them it has devalued their worth in the employment market . 
  once it was maybe 10 % of school leavers who went to university , now its 50 % or more of a population 20 % larger . 
   your reasoning goes : because predictions carry uncertainties , therefore all predictions are worthless . 
  it is accepted fact that the further ahead you try to make economic predictions the more worthless they become . 
  a couple of years ahead still has credibility . 
  anything much over half a decade has effectively none . 
   london wo n't maintain its leading position because of the financial industry 's fondness for history , as that would be pathetically naive . 
  no it 'll maintain it because its bloody good at what it does , has a government that does n't want to bleed businesses there or tie both hands behind their back with legislation . 
   the older generation do n't care much about the wellbeing of younger and future generations thats why they worked their arses off , saved money and do their very best to ensure they have something to pass onto their children when they die because they do n't give a shit ... where were all generation snowflake when it came to the referendum vote ? 
  if they were so bothered they could have swayed it . 
  this will be the outcome of any negotiations if they turn nasty . 
  countries will look at what is going on and see that the oligarchy in brussels is n't the altruistic organisation they thought it was . 
  the electorate have said they want that as well . 
  there is majority support for extending the right to stay to those already here despite what this sub would have you believe . 
  some of us are net contributors to the eu providing money to the poorer nations to help improve their infrastructure . 
  [ seems it wo n't be the disaster people think it will . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/sep/19/hard-brexit-would-have-only-modest-impact-on-city-says-moodys ), 
  i honestly do n't give a flying fuck . 
   we 'll see a net loss of around 4 % gdp , at least until 2030 and in one sentence you 've just destroyed any credibility you have . 
  anyone who makes a financial prediction even 2 years into the future , let alone 14 , is someone who should n't be listened to . 
  btw , moodys have just announced that even [ a hard brexit would only have a modesy impact on the city . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/sep/19/hard-brexit-would-have-only-modest-impact-on-city-says-moodys ) that 's what happens when you 've been the worlds leading financial centre for centuries . 
   leaving the eu will mean throwing that position away . 
  we would become just another country , nothing special , we would no longer provide any unique benefits for china , japan or the us . 
  worlds fifth largest economy , has been worlds leading financial centre for centuries , has one of the most business anf banking friendly economies in the world , is one of the worlds most stable nations . 
  china , japan and usa do n't just deal with us because we 're in the eu , they deal with us because they sell us a shit ton of stuff . 
  do you think the chinese would have continued with the hinckley point c deal now that they know we 're leaving if they did n't think it was worthwhile bothering with us anymore because , as you put it , we 'd be nothing special ? 
  what about all the other companies who have announced investment in the uk after the leave vote ? 
  it saddens me that your generation is so fucking pathetic that you think we 're nothing without the eu . 
   and if we leave the single market , then trade with the eu will be more costly . 
  based on what , sticking your finger in the air and guessing ? 
   the economy will shrink , which means that more jobs will be lost . 
  certain sectors will but others will see growth . 
   we 'll become an even more junior partner of the us , and will see demoted cultural , political and economic influence in the world . 
  why the fuck are you even living in this country ? 
  why do n't you just piss off to one of those wonderful mainland eu countries you laud over so much if we 're so piss poor at everything and are only where we are because the germans allow it ? 
  you have to feast on our backs because you 're so bad you ca n't do it any other way . 
  as was said , we could lose all of it and it would form just a drop of 1.32 % of our gdp which would be recovered by a years growth in our economy . 
  it would be at the very best a small hiccup . 
   bigotry , racism , denial = tool that we will use agains ' t you when it comes to negociations . 
  hahaha . 
  what nation do you come from because i know no eu nation that does n't have that . 
  please do n't tell me you are french , italian or spanish because they are far worse than the uk when it comes to bigotry and racism . 
  the southern eu countries have been living in denial for years , especially the mediterranean ones . 
  why would there be less exports ? 
  if anything we 're likely to be able to export more to markets outside the eu and the eu has been falling as a percentage of our exports for some time . 
  the customs hold ups are inconsequential in their length , they certainly were n't an issue years ago before we joined the eu . 
  you seem to be too young to remember a time before the eu but we managed to move goods to and from the continent with ease . 
  why are we adding extra regulatory compliance ? 
  we already make stuff that both is ce compliant and has already to be certified as being so there 's nothing extra there , we 're already doing it . 
  any changes in eu regulations after we leave would require us to adopt them and certify our goods for them even if we were still in the eu . 
  the regulatory compliance is a non-argument . 
  no problem . 
  i think here in the uk most people seem to think its only for lorries and buses . 
  certainly when you go to a petrol station you 'll only find adblue pumps in the same place the fuel pumps are for lorries and buses and many cars have the filler cap under the carpet in the boot so the first time they 're aware of it is when the warning light comes on on the dashboard . 
  yes , its used , its known as adblue in the eu . 
  most car drivers who run cars fitted with it seem to be unaware of it as its something that only needs to get topped up once every 5000-7000 miles in a car so a lot of cars tend to get topped up during a routine service . 
  i drive trucks so we have to refill every few days .
