  well it treats around 3 million people a week so i 'll let you make your own mind up . 
  i have to ask if you actually know what one looks like because they 're all over the place . 
   neither has ftse 250 what the fuck ? 
  have you actually looked at a yearly or 5 yearly chart or are you looking at a weekly one ? 
   the very threat of brexit is already damaging their economy . 
  ftse closing at yearly highs , countries lining up wanting to do trade deals ...  and their influence within the eu will be close to zero over the next two years , despite formally being a member . 
  so no different than the last 40 years then ? 
  lets all go to ireland with its unemployment rate 60 % higher than our own . 
  i 'm sure there 'll be jobs for everyone . 
  the british public on the whole do not want the politicians to kick out eu migrants already here and there is a lot of upset that it is being talked about . 
  ca n't wait until you piss off there and see just how much in taxes etc it costs you . 
  no more free healthcare because france operates a co-pay system for example so i hope you do n't get ill . food is fucking expensive too . 
  then there 's the whole find a job thing because ignoring the fact that [ the current rate of french unemployment at over 10 % / 3.5 million people ] which is on par with what it was in the uk in the recession of the 1980s ( the worst one since the great recession of the 30s ) , one thing that the french employers do is put their own well and truly at the front of the queue . 
  wife 's van is a diesel too . 
  i bet its as fast if not faster than your v6 and it returns 2-3 times the mpg . 
  anything bigger than a car should be a diesel . 
  there is literally no advantage to having a gas engine in something van sized or larger unless its an insane size like a 5 litre and you 're wanting a fast 0-60 . 
  there was but there was no legal requirement to have them . 
  15mpg is horrendous . 
  i get 10mpg out of [ one of these ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3883/14353534905_c33f38b9f4_b.jpg ) on a run running at around 30-35 metric tonnes ( 66,000-77 ,000 lb ) in one direction and 42 metric tonnes ( 92,500 lb ) on the return journey . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/up31z.jpg ) is what i get out of my 2 litre diesel [ mk4 ford mondeo . 
  ] ( https://preview.netcarshow.com/ford-mondeo-2007-800-02.jpg ) my missus runs around in [ one of these vans ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a6/renault_trafic_ii_front_20080120.jpg ) which is comparable to the size of yours and manages to get mid 40mpgs . 
  not really . 
  there 's not many left pre-1986 because they rusted a lot and those that are are n't driven much . 
  anything before 1997 does n't have to have a catalytic converter so the 1997 threshold seems reasonable . 
  there are a fair few post 1990 cars floating around because manufacturers started to do anti-corrosion on bodywork a lot better by then . 
  its not a stupid claim . 
  the areas which voted overwhelmingly to leave have spent the last three decades being shit on by london so if leave had lost it would just be another `` situation normal then '' and that would 've been that . 
  hmm . 
  you could say that its almost a map of what countries get the most handouts . 
  there certainly seems to be a correlation between the amounts of eu money the countries get and their knowledge of the eu . 
   ca n't wait to see the battle of the somme without the frenchies in battlefield 1 . 
  so accurately reflecting history according to hollywood then ? 
  its what happened in ww1 . 
  there 's a metric fuckton of stuff that i did n't include because the list would just be so long you 'd lose the will to live reading it . 
  as you can see we 've done a lot to shape the modern world and that is why it annoys the living fuck out of me when you get people in the uk who basically seem to think this country has never achieved anything . 
   except the fact that the pound took a dive ... 
  the plan is to devalue sterling over the summer with qe if needed . 
  it was in the same statement carney made in the thread article . 
  you could make a list a mile long tbh . 
  1668 : isaac newton invents the reflecting telescope and throughout his life brought out laws which are fundamental principles in physics . 
  1760-1820 : britain starts the industrial revolution , arguably the most important event in regards to human society in the history of the world . 
  1821 : steam engine invented by richard trevithick 1821 : michael faraday invents the electric motor . 
  1833 : uk abolition of slavery throughout the british empire . 
  1834 : fox talbot invents photography . 
  1858 : gray and carter publish grays anatomy which revolutionises medicine . 
  1860 : joseph swan invents the first light bulb . 
  1863 : uk builds worlds first subway . 
  1876 : alexander graham bell invents the first practical telephone . 
  1881 : uk starts worlds first public electricity supply . 
  1897 : joseph thomson discovers the electron . 
  1914-18 : uk saves europe from germany . 
  1922 : british empire at its height . 
  rules over 1/4 of the planet and 1/5th of the worlds population . 
  english is now established as the international language of business and politics . 
  1928 : alexander fleming discovers penicillin and kickstarts antibiotics which would save millions of lives throughout the world . 
  1930-37 : frank whittle invents the jet engine which would revolutionise world travel . 
  1936 : turing gives birth to the modern computer . 
  uk and its allies save the same europe that is now wanting to punish it from nazi occupation . 
  1943 : tommy flowers - worlds first electronic programmable computer . 
  1948 : uk nhs is born providing universal healthcare to all . 
  1950s : rotal aircraft establishment revolutionise supersonic flight producing a workable delta wing design that would be later used for the worlds first and only supersonic passenger jet plane , concorde . 
  1953 : watson and crick publish the first model of a correct double helix model of a dna structure . 
  1963 : carbon fibre is invented by royal aircraft establishment engineers 1989 : tim berners lee invents the www which would revolutionise humanity maybe even more than the industrial revolution did . 
  without it the internet would not have grown to be what it is today . 
  2004 : a team of specialists at manchester university learn how to isolate graphene which could prove to be one of the most important materials in modern times . 
  i could go on and on and on about what britain has brought to the world , a world which has been changed beyond all recognition as a result and changes which have massively brought forward the progress of humanity . 
  no , they only usually take decades when the eu is involved and is actually a good example of a reason we 're better off out . 
  normally they take a few years , a decade being considered quite a long time . 
  i counter with the lie remain said about everyone being # 4300 a year worse off . 
  have you read what alex salmond , one of the remain campaign lead politicians has had to say about the way remain has conducted itself over its claims of what it said would happen with the economy ? 
  he is absolutely disgusted by it . 
  [ `` economic armageddon scaremongering '' ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/eu-debate-alex-salmond-criticises-remain-campaigns-economic-armageddon-scaremongering_uk_5760091fe4b050f7af8a764c ) i believe he called it . 
  apparently the expected immediate aftermath turmoil expected by absolutely everybody is somehow going to be the norm ? 
  there are going to be a lot of people in the media looking very silly in a couple of months once things have settled down . 
  a bloody ridiculous state of affairs as you no doubt agree . 
   it 's definitely demonstrating the fact that the nhs relies upon european migrant workers no , its definitely demonstrating the ramifications of successive governments slashing funding in the uk for nurse training . 
  in 2001 the royal college of nursing was making noises about how many recently graduated nurses were unable to find work . 
  now those interested in going into nursing in the nhs are complaining that there is no funding and all at a time when we have record numbers of foreign nurses coming to work in the nhs . 
  if you ca n't see what is wrong with that then i do n't know what to say . 
   we want ~ ~ foreign doctors . ~ ~ to save money by importing doctors instead of training our own . 
  ftfy . 
  and the reason all the nurses are foreign is because the uk government cut funding for training as they figured out it was cheaper just to import medical workers . 
  it is n't because of a lack of british citizens who want to be nurses . 
  nominal losses . 
  until the shares are sold nothing is lost . 
   it is still going to have to accept 70-90 % of eu rulings in order to be in the eea . 
  this old bollocks again ? 
  norway has only enacted around 9,000 of the 50,000 pieces of legislation and regulations to have come out of brussels . 
   secondly ... way to cherry pick your data , you picked a temporary low to compare against . 
  i fail to see the problem with that given that this was also a temporary low that originated with uncertainty about the referendum . 
   there are quite a few people who regret what they have done thinking it would n't happen . 
  and there are quite a few who did n't bother to vote leave because they did n't think there was any point . 
  then there are those who voted remain and regret it because they believed the sky would cave in the next day and it did n't . 
  was that the war where the eu was tasked with sorting it out , fucked it up and required nato to step in ? 
   years of being blamed for britain 's problems and having much of the rest of the country vote the other way from london was enough to cause a bit of resentment , but this referendum has really pissed people off . 
  lots of talk about little englander types . 
  40 % of london voted to leave . 
  just thought i 'd point that out whilst you 're pointing fingers and living in a fantasy world where all of london voted remain ... 
   where do you get this nonsense from ?
