  i would rather cut my fucking balls off than have an irish passport . 
   says the idiot that thinks ireland is n't a net contributer roflmao . 
  the last year data is available for you managed to be a net contributor [ for the first time ever ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/ireland-contributes-more-money-than-it-gets-to-eu-for-first-time-34815450.html ) in your entire time in the eu and you managed to contribute a whopping $ 170m . 
  whooptie friggin do . 
  be careful though because net contributing nations will be the ones being expected to make up for the 20 % of the eu budget we 'll be taking away . 
  nobody in the city is willing to go live in a backwards shithole like dublin . 
  they 'd rather go to frankfurt . 
  on 7th march the chairman of the psa group ( citroen , renault , peugeot ) stated that they may build factories in the uk to ensure a cost effective supply chain . 
  that is how significant the uk car market is to them . 
   dude do n't talk about shit you have no idea about says the person who does n't understand what net eu contributor means in regards to eu subsidies . 
   kk let 's see what happens when you get no more subsidies from the eu you do know the uk is a net contributor ? 
  that means we pay in more than we get back . 
  that means that not only can we still match eu subsidies but we 'll still save money doing so . 
   ah back to the bullshit idea that all trade from irealnd to the uk stops after brexit why would we buy overpriced irish beef when we can buy it far cheaper elsewhere once protectionist eu import duties no longer apply ? 
  you seem to forget that for quite a lot of goods the main reason it is still beneficial to buy from ireland is because eu import duties make it financially advantageous to do . 
  in respect of beef the current level of duty applied in the eu to beef imported from outside the eu is 12.80 % + 176.80 eur / 100 kg , effectively adding an additional 28 % to the price of imported beef assuming gross cost per kg parity . 
   no the eu is the biggest trading partner we have now remove the uk trade from the total of eu trade because do n't forget that currently eu trade includes the uk . 
  you now have how much trade you 'll have with the eu when we leave . 
   threatening to not pay what they owe whereas the irish simply do n't pay and also just leech off everyone else . 
  any chance of our bailout money back ? 
  thought not . 
  flooding ? 
  roflmfao . 
  those working in the city would rather go to frankfurt than have to live in dublin . 
  so barnier did n't say that he would n't start trade talks until the uk agreed to everything he wants including the ecj having sovereignty over uk courts in respect to eu citizens rights post brexit , something that will never happen ? 
   nobody 's `` wishing '' for the uk 's economy to go down the toilet really ? 
  this sub is full of remarks where people are gloating about the possibility . 
   the uk 's way out is less easy to spot - they need to negotiate trade deals with every major economy themselves now if they leave the eu every week seems to be bring a headline of yet another of those economies stating a wish to start trade talks . 
   but since the tories have not given any room for compromise neither has barnier given he is n't prepared to entertain trade talks until he gets what he wants with one of the things , the ecj being the court ensuring eu citizen rights in the uk , is never ever going to happen . 
  nothing to do with that . 
  eu transaction taxes and regulatory costs are higher . 
   they ca n't offer services in the eu without being in it themselves . 
  not going to work out well for the eu . 
  a court has already decided that the eu lacks the competencies and london is the source of capital funding for a very large percentage of funding throughout the eu for governmental , corporate and private borrowing . 
  many food prices will fall as we source more from outside of the eu without them having eu import tariffs applied . 
   lots of rich people live in london in order to be close to the centre of eu commerce . 
  i think you meant to say global centre of commerce . 
  eu trade is n't even 10 % of what the city does and even if it lost all eu trade it would still be one of the top two global centres of commerce . 
  sure it would be nice to keep it but being the current global world leading centre of commerce the impact is n't going to be anywhere near as bad as you are claiming it will be . 
  we do n't get the investment that london does so we 've little to lose . 
  when you have a situation like public transport funding where in london it is # 2500 per capita and in the north east of england it is just # 5 then someone in the north east is going to be far less affected than someone in london by cuts . 
  what , net migration of 300,000 people a year from the eu into a country with a serious housing and unskilled jobs crisis ? 
   it 's clearly the eu 's fault that the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  / s prior to the calling of the referendum cameron went to try to do a deal to placate the electorate and came away with nothing . 
   prices will go up after brexit actually happens . 
   and for some of our goods they 'll come down once free of eu import tariffs . 
   we got four vacancies in the range 80-120k . 
  a three bed semi in desirable area is 350-450k . 
  so , as i said , that is n't the issue here . 
  it is for someone who has n't been living here and has n't got any credit history in the uk worth speaking about . 
  # 80k would make it fairly hard to get an affordable mortgage for a # 350k house . 
  yeah actually it normally is . 
  in my former career they 're always bleating on about shortages . 
  funny how the companies who pay a decent wage and have decent conditions never seem to have a problem . 
  why ? 
  its the quality of education that matters . 
  you do n't find non-eu citizens not going to the uk to university because they ca n't stay there after . 
  no , it was caused by the driver not paying attention . 
  when you run into the back of another vehicle its because you were driving too fast too close and not paying attention to what was going on . 
   there 's a very clear age and educational divide in the uk at the moment . 
  here we go again with the `` brexiters are all thick '' routine again ... 
  remind me where most graduates in london come from ? 
  clue : not london . 
  someone mentioned it . 
  except this was social housing and it had nothing to do with the market . 
  so why did n't labour sort out the tower in the 13 years they were in power ? 
  if you put your rubbish in the fire escape route and you 're prevented from escaping by that rubbish then you are the source of your own downfall . 
  what do you get back when you have a relative cremated ? 
   rubbish accumulating in the corridors and stairwell contributing to the fire risk and i wonder who put it there ... pot , kettle , black . 
  correct because russia did n't contribute 100 % of the construction of the iss . 
  but the uk not only contributes 100 % of what the eu spends in the uk but 300 % because it contributes # 13bn and only gets # 4.5 bn in eu spending in the uk . 
   fact is , that it was the eu who subsidised these buildings , not the uk the uk contribute more to the eu than they get back in eu subsidies and payments so the eu did n't fund anything , the uk did . 
  the eu merely gave back some of the uk 's money via whatever scheme to build those buildings . 
  it wo n't , i do n't know why people have this idiotic view that you wo n't be able to go and live or live and work in an eu country once we 're out . 
  my parents managed to do just that without the convenience of the eu freedom of movement in 1970 for an unskilled job in belgium in less than 2 weeks from applying for the job to doing all the paperwork and moving there . 
  the eu freedom of movement pillar just makes it easier to do , it does n't stop it outright . 
  and despite that thousands of your countrymen still want to come here every year ... 
  seemingly far more than you . 
  comes as no surprise given the propoganda you were fed throughout your youth until the west freed your shithole country . 
   after winning a war , everyone invades their allies , do n't they ? 
  actually that is exactly what hitler did . 
  after successfully invading and conquering poland in 1939 , hitler and stalin signed the nazi-soviet pact , agreeing to split poland between them . 
  less than two years later hitler invaded russia . 
  jesus fucking christ , do you know anything about the history of ww2 ? 
   because you sure as hell did n't liberate iberia , or eastern europe , or russia no but we did fuck up enough of the german forces and keep them occupied on three fronts that they were n't able to annihilate russia . 
  had we done nothing at all then after they 'd overrun europe they 'd have headed in your direction and instead of being beaten on the eastern front they would have annihilated russian forces . 
   you are a laughingstock then why do over 600,000 people a year want to come and live here ? 
  eastern europe and iberia is a fucking broken bankrupt crime ridden corrupt shithole that most citizens ca n't wait to leave . 
  most of it wants to join the eu because it is desperate for hand outs like a beggar . 
  what the fuck has where you live got to do with anything ? 
  i said europe , not a specific town or city . 
   british troops were never even close to where i live . 
  i do n't give a shit what you did in other places . 
  you should have given you 'd have been under nazi occupation for the last 80 years had we kept to ourselves . 
  fucking cunts like you do n't deserve freedom . 
  you fucking what ? 
  the british fought the nazis on four continents . 
  the only fucking reason that d-day happened is because britain had managed to defeat the luftwaffe and the german surface naval fleet in 1940 and hitler gave up his plans of invasion . 
  had we been defeated then the usa would n't have got involved because they 'd actually already written off the uk and it was a european war , not of their concern . 
  d-day would n't have happened at all had the british not defeated the luftwaffe at the battle of britain and the royal navy not decimated the german naval surface fleet , both of which occurred at a time when the united states had actually written off britain .
