  ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=1y ) it closed this week at $ 1.367 . 
  on the 26th feb it closed at $ 1.386, 
  good luck thinking the outcome will change . 
  to quote a post :  there has been no economic apocalypse , countries have come out openly wanting trade talks ( america , canada , germany , france , and more ) , various companies have confirmed they will press on and stick with the uk ( big one being boeing who will still create their new hq in london ) . 
  news has also broke about the eu army ( turns out that was true , and not fictional tin foil leave propaganda ) . 
  so pretty much everything remain was telling us would happen has n't and is n't going to . 
  last night a spokeswoman for jp morgan said they doubted there would be a recession , the ftse closed higher than it did 6 months ago and the fall was a non-event because it was based on the back of a record rise over the last week which was based on absolutely nothing at all so was just effectively market correction . 
  well i 've still got my job , i 'm still getting paid , i still own my house , my bank account still has money in it , my mortgage company is still offering 5 year fixed mortgages at low interest rates . 
  the ftse100 other than a week in the middle of april closing at a 6 month high , the ftse250 closing 890 points higher than mid february ? 
  the gbp being worth only 3 cents/usd less than it was a year ago ? 
  i can take those consequences . 
   for every fraction of a penny sterling loses against the euro : eu workers will lose their jobs to uk workers ; if i was an eu worker i would n't be celebrating that makes a refreshing change for some parts of the uk . 
  why do you think we have no economy ? 
  we 're the fifth largest economy in the world . 
  the gdp of the uk is 1/8th of the entire gdp of the eu , higher than the gdps of the bottom 19 eu nations ( sorted by gdp ) ** combined ** . 
  i bet you claim to give a shit about the uk as a remainer yet you seem to have not got the first clue about it . 
   and how does that 88 % translate into companies that export , or could export , goods ? 
  the majority of businesses in the uk are smes that are never going to export . 
  companies like your local newsagents , hairdressers , service companies . 
   that 88 % figure also does n't mention how many of those companies abide by uk regulations that are more strict than what the eu requires . 
  irrelevant argument as they 'd always have to abide by uk legislation . 
  the issue is they 're hamstrung/experiencing additional costs by additional eu regulation . 
  to quote you remoaners ... we 've not left yet . 
  of course we are dumbass , we 're a net importer . 
  horse meat sold as beef to the uk scandal anyone ? 
  so much for eu regulation . 
  88 % of all uk companies do not export yet have to follow eu rules and regulations . 
   you can not sell products in the eu that do n't follow their rules . 
  you can not sell products in china that do n't follow their rules . 
  china can not sell goods to the eu that do n't follow eu rules . 
  you can not sell products in the usa that do n't follow their rules , likewise the usa can not sell goods to the eu that do n't follow eu rules . 
  you 're literally trying to say that the uk not in the eu selling to the eu would have to do something that no other country selling to another one anywhere else on the planet would have to do . 
  its as if you and the idiots upvoting you have no idea about international trade . 
   the sad thing about this is that those brits who voted `` out '' do n't seem to understand that if they want to have a trade deal with the eu , not much will actually change for them . 
  why wo n't it ? 
  the usa is n't going to be expected to have free movement of people . 
  mexico and the other states with a fta with the eu do n't have to . 
   to trade with the european union , you have to technically obey its rules so no different to trading with any other country in the entire world . 
  if you want to sell goods and services in those countries you have to comply with their regulations and laws . 
   increased opportunities for those seeking to go abroad we 've always had the ability to do that . 
   increased prosperity for those at home ? 
  those doing unskilled jobs seeing them being handed over to eastern european workers do n't see increased prosperity . 
  the price of being in the single market is n't worth paying . 
  both the leave and remain campaigns made it clear leaving meant no single market access . 
  do n't you mean nato members given its about nato ? 
  usa , uk , greece , estonia and poland . 
   is there an eu state circus too ? 
  yes . 
  runs in brussels and strasbourg . 
  how many eu nations pay the suggested 2 % of gdp ? 
  but if the contract is broken and when you ask for proof of the figures and ask for the accounts to be told they do n't exist then the claim is n't enforceable . 
   you also have a stronger tradition of obedience to authority than most continental countries . 
  when was that ? 
  i do n't recall anything like the london riots , the poll tax riots or the race riots of the 80s happening in berlin recently . 
  thanks to decades of your fellow cuntrymen and terrorists you harboured , aided and abetted attacking mainland uk we 're quite good at dealing with terrorism . 
  its about the only thing worthwhile that ireland has done for us . 
  so glad to see coal mining tanking . 
  no thanks . 
  the uk does anti-terrorism very well and does n't want to be hampered by having control taken from it and handed to an organisation with less or no experience . 
  they 're how your economy creates wealth . 
  indeed especially when the eu introduce more legislation and transaction tax . 
  the uk has suffered terrorism on a regular basis since the 1970s . 
  if its like the 7/7 bombings were then people will be on that street there complaining about the bus being late tomorrow . 
  scotland yards new hq is the opposite side of the road . 
  no they 're not leaving . 
  they 're moving some of their operations to mainland eu . 
  your quoted post above even has examples that confirm that . 
  why would hsbc leave the uk when what they 're moving in order to maintain eu access accounts for just 1/5th of their business ? 
   you 're ignoring what 's already in front of you . 
  i 'm not . 
  you seem to be the one that thinks that a bank moving some staff to the eu in order to do eu trading means the whole bank is leaving . 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-banks-idukkbn12g101  open europe said a fifth of the banking sector 's revenue , or up to 27 billion pounds , is tied to the passport , making it a top priority , while only 7 percent of assets in funds managed in britain would be under direct threat from the loss of passporting . 
    continental business only accounts for 11 percent of lloyd 's gross written premium , with possibly as little as 800 million pounds directly reliant on a passport , the uk is the ** worlds leading financial centre . 
  ** we trade with the world , not just the eu . 
  the eu 's gdp is roughly 20 % of the worlds gdp and we 're walking away with 1/8th of it . 
  even based on the reu 's share of the global gdp it puts over 80 % of all trade done in the city as non-eu . 
  however many businesses in the city , especially those such as insurance and pension funds , have a large percentage of their market as uk domestic . 
  they 're not leaving , they 're not moving the majority of their business outside of the uk . 
  over 90 % of business done in the city is uk and non-eu trade . 
  they 're merely creating satellite offices in preparation for the potential loss of passporting . 
   but if one only has 100 $ at the bank and the other has 1000 $ it does n't have the same effect , one lost 10 % of his money and the other one 1 % . 
  most of the eu does n't actually have any money though when it comes to contributing to the union , it runs in an overdraft . 
  the uk is walking away with 1/8th of the bank and the few contributors there are are going to suffer making up the loss . 
   exactly . 
  that 's akin to the less profitable trade deals the uk will get after leaving the eu . 
  we do n't care . 
  the eu is a sinking ship . 
  any new member is just another former soviet shithole economy who will take more than they put in making all other countries in the eu even poorer . 
   it 's like saying you 're leaving the band because you 're sick and tired of playing , but you want to keep getting paid for the concerts . 
  so given you think that is wrong then you do n't agree that the uk owes $ 50bn when we leave then ? 
  because after all that $ 50bn is all about funding eu projects after we 've left . 
   this does n't mean they 'll leave but you just told us they were . 
  make your mind up . 
   the uk was an eu member last year . 
  yeah it was but we 'd voted to leave so we 're going out the door . 
  if us being a member of the eu was so important then surely given we 're leaving there would n't have been the investment if our eu membership was the big thing you think it is ? 
   the local economy when ? 
  companies are doing record levels of business . 
  world leading companies have opened up new uk headquarters . 
   they need the eu more than the eu needs them .
