  no , that 's just the shite the media is printing . 
  if you bothered to analyse their headlines they 've basically been printing the same shit for the last 5-6 months due to the fact that basically nothing is happening at the moment with brexit and somehow they 've got to sell papers and fill airtime . 
  because everybody will want to stop selling goods to the worlds largest economy ... . 
  its pretty much non-existent in my e.yorks town . 
  you get the odd bellends spouting crap but they 've not the balls to do it to someone 's face . 
   i 've lived in england and i 've absolutely received abuse because of my accent and told to `` go home . '', 
  possibly something to do with three very recent decades of ira bombings and people being sick of pikeys who seem to turn up and cause chaos wherever they go . 
  sadly you all get tarred with the same brush because of the acts of a stupid few . 
   i think if you tried to drive a big heavy truck with a dim-witted gearbox and big grumbly v8 on narrow twisty european roads you 'd be in the 6-10 mpg range . 
  which is what 44 tonne 18 wheelers get here in the eu . 
  my 44 tonne lorry with a 13 litre engine manages to hit that on a good day . 
  doing a journey fully loaded at 44 tonnes and returning empty weighing 16 tonnes i 've seen as low as 24l/100km . 
  not in any way , shape or form . 
   i wonder how much of that financial services capacity is capacity that is there because it would be in the eu ? 
  only around 5-9 % of the city trading is to do with the eu . 
  the rest is uk domestic and non-eu trade . 
  it did n't . 
  i just find the comment a bit hypocritical coming from a country which has never been a net contributor to the eu . 
   `` we 're so selfish we wan na get money but not contribute any to others who need it . '', 
    this is why the rest in spain have an issue with you lot . 
  remind me again what spain 's net contribution to the eu was ? 
  ftse250 is doing exceedingly well . 
  explain that . 
  do n't forget the compulsory `` but we have n't left yet '' from the salties . 
   secondly , it 's 9 hours of driving ( max 10 twice a week ) . 
  15 hours is work in general not driving lorry driving is n't just driving . 
   and it falls under the maximum weekly limit of 48 hours of the working time directive and that 48hrs only includes work and driving . 
  it does n't include breaks or periods of availability . 
   84 hour working weeks are n't legal . 
  they absolutely are . 
  you can do 3x15hrs and 3x13hrs between two weekly rest periods due to the fact you can have 6 driving periods and the standard daily rest period of 13hrs can be reduced to 9hrs three times a week . 
  as i said breaks and poa do n't count towards the hours for the purposes of the wtd so if you spend 4/5hrs a day sat on a loading bay on poa that is n't counted as work even though you are at work . 
  if you start a shift , do 30 minute checks , drive 2.5 hrs to a rdc , spend 4hrs unloading on poa , take a 45 minute break , drive 2.5 hrs back , spend 30 minutes fuelling up and doing end of day duties even though your total daily duty time is 10.75 hrs as far as the wtd you 've only done 6hrs because 4.75 hrs was breaks and poa . 
  if you 're going to tell someone they 're wrong at least fully understand the rules first . 
   and soon the british will lose all these regulations that can save their lifes why ? 
  i would point out though that eu drivers hours regulations for truck drivers which replaced uk domestic regulations make a 15hr working day with just a 9hr rest period legal , make working 21 out of 30hrs if double manned legal and make an 84hr working week legal , all of which were completely against the law under uk domestic drivers hours regulations . 
   cameron merely said that the free trade within the eu was beneficial to uk business and that 3 million jobs were linked to it , not dependent on it . 
  the leave campaign said we could fund the nhs with the # 350m , not that we would . 
  its their law enforcement and the government who i was referring to as being quite baffled by an attack on germany . 
  the government literally seem to be in complete shock that it happened . 
   a native english speaker that is not incapacitated in some way ( eg they are not drunk , or tired etc ) , does n't make mistakes when speaking english . 
  oh they most certainly do . 
  `` textses '' is a favourite on jeremy kyle , `` whom '' is seldom used when it should be , using `` of of '' instead of from is a common mistake too as in `` i got a playstation game of of dave '' when `` i got a playstation game from dave '' is correct . 
   the purpose of language is to communicate and as long as people understand what the other person means these mistakes do n't really matter that much . 
  i applied for a job recently , a total career change in my mid 40s . 
  the company director interviewing me made a point of mentioning one of the reasons i got an interview over other applicants because it would appear mine was the only application that used correct spelling and grammar . 
  i was subsequently offered the job during the interview . 
  despite what you and many millenials think , it does matter . 
  it matters a lot . 
  watch the jeremy kyle show on youtube . 
  there are many hundreds of thousands , if not millions of europeans who speak and write english as a second language better than many of our own do as their native language . 
  literacy has got so bad in the uk that a few years ago schools and even universities said that things like spelling and grammar do n't matter as long as what scrawl you put on paper can be understood . 
  shame they do n't understand employers still use the standard of literacy in a cv and covering letter to weed out applicants . 
   the agency that pays your indemnity while you 're jobless also offers formations to help you find a job you can thank sweden for that . 
  they were the ones that pushed for a derogation in the agency workers regulations so they could avoid having to give agency workers the same pay and perks as permanent workers . 
   no sane person would think isis would n't capitalize it . 
  [ isis even said they were doing it ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/555434/islamic-state-isis-smuggler-thousands-extremists-into-europe-refugees ) almost 2 years ago . 
  2014 : isis announces they 're taking advantage of refugee crisis to infiltrate europe , [ widely reported throughout 2015 . 
  ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/555434/islamic-state-isis-smuggler-thousands-extremists-into-europe-refugees ) ca n't understand why it came as such a shock in 2016 , especially to germany who seem quite baffled by last weeks event . 
  and if you get down past the headline ...  countries like brazil and india will continue to rise as economic powers ... so its not because the uk economy is getting weaker , rather that others are gaining as we know . 
  and as i recall many were advocating doing trade deals with bric because of their rising economies , something which the eu appears to be little interested in doing which at least brexit will allow us to do . 
   france is on course to leapfrog the uk to become the fifth largest economy as sterling 's post-brexit vote slump takes its toll on uk economic growth , the report states . 
  ** however , britain is expected to catch up with the french in 2021 before overtaking them five years later . 
  ** so no change there as britain and france are often swapping places because our economies are fairly on par . 
  but yet again the cebr are showing their credibility , or should that be lack , of it by making predictions about 2024 and 2030 which are completely and utterly worthless . 
  hell even predicting a few years down the line is regarded as being a bit sketchy . 
  experts . 
  the imf , lse , the boe , the chancellor , cebr , cbi , all now singing a different tune no longer saying there would be a huge recession and now it 'll be a reduction in growth but still growth . 
  `` 3 million jobs at risk if we leave the eu '' `` recession so bad we 'll need an emergency budget '' `` companies queuing up to leave '' `` nobody will want to invest in the uk '' . 
   they issued warnings about the potential outcome , which brexit campaigners then exaggerated to the point of absurdity roflmao , i think you 'll find that was project fear . 
  remember their claim of 3 million jobs dependent on the eu and inferring they 'd be lost if we leave ? 
  current trends seem to be suggesting the complete opposite . 
  even the experts quoted by the remain campaign who were predicting the sky caving in before the referendum have now changed their tune . 
   english is north american jesus fucking christ ... 
   people are quite happy with the experiments happy with experiments yes but this has already been trialled in holland . 
  here you go . 
  [ debunking with maths . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_599787967&amp;feature=iv&amp;src_vid=6-zsxb3kdf0&amp;v=obs6tuvszds ) [ debunking of the solar roadway in the netherlands with maths . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-zsxb3kdf0 ) my beef with it is not the money but the amount of resources from the raw materials that are dug out of the ground and how they 're extracted for building the components , the environmentally unfriendly resources used installing them and maintaining a solar highway never get repaid by the amount of energy it generates in its service life . 
  you 're basically doing something like expending 100mw of mostly environmentally damaging energy to generate 50mw of environmentally friendly energy . 
  what is the point of creating an environmentally friendly source of power if it does n't provide a net benefit ? 
   everything is so expensive there . 
  that is because transportation costs , the costs of providing services there and also living in such a rural area is far more expensive . 
  you then have the fact that many businesses there only have 6-7 months of the year where they have a decent level of custom . 
  get into towns like barrow in furness and whitehaven though and its comparable to any other town in the uk . 
   15 % as stated by the manufacturer . 
  as long as there is no traffic on the road . 
  do n't know about you but i kind of thought the whole idea of a road was so that vehicles could travel on it which has the side effect of blocking the sun from the panels . 
   we are in the eu and that is where we want to stay . 
  the referendum proved the opposite . 
   people in the city hate brexit , it directly threatens their jobs . 
  no it does n't . 
  barely 10 % of what the city does requires the uk to be in the eu . 
  in fact given that euro-currency clearance is already done in the us and other non-eu countries we do n't even need to be in the eu for that . 
   most european countries offer far higher life standards now . 
  roflmfao . 
  the uk economy is larger than 19 eu countries combined . 
  only germany has a better economy than the uk . 
  france is in the shit with unemployment still double that of the uk despite a record drop . 
   so if the eu is in trouble why is the pound so worthless then ?
