peoples views and opinions change over time . 
  i have none of the ones that i did in my late teens/early 20s . 
   do n't forget that hillary actually has more votes than trump by 0.5 % . 
  so 16 years ago when he was n't a politician . 
  its a lot easier to supply a higher percentage of the population of a country when that population is small . 
  you could provide enough wind power for 100 % of the population of iceland with just a few dozen turbines . 
  and wind is n't the only renewable that the uk uses . 
  drax which was europes largest coal fired power station now only runs on renewables . 
  11 % for a population 12 times the size . 
  in total energy production from renewables in mwh is the uk ahead of denmark ? 
  i suspect it is given you 're using percentage of population consumption as the figure . 
   and uk has better geography for it . 
  geography yes , geology less so . 
  geology is arguably more important given you have to have a suitable base to stand a turbine mast on to begin with . 
  the unions wrecked the uk in the 70s resulting in the country being referred to as the sick man of europe . 
   but none of this disproves what i originally said - that low-income earners in the uk are enjoying faster income growth than anyone else . 
  again , only because the government set the nmw and the government set the nmw increase for this year at a fairly high one . 
  in fact your argument that the low income earners enjoy faster growth than anyone else is proof of wage compression due to immigration because pay rises for jobs where there is no legal requirement for them to be raised because they exceed nmw are low or non-existent . 
   so the government has taken it upon itself to guarantee that the lowest earners are given a pay rise . 
  what exactly are you complaining about then ? 
  you claim that there is no wage compression yet it is only because of a massive labour pool from the eu that companies like jd sports can have a warehouse filled with 100s of workers on nmw . 
   most employers in the uk do not hold interviews abroad - certainly none of the warehousing jobs that i 've applied for have . 
  employment agencies most certainly do and there was a national outrage about it a few years ago . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2012/jun/21/job-agencies-prefer-foreign-workers  the head of another agency , southampton-based workforce plus , run under the slogan `` polish recruitment by polish recruitment agency '' , is at pains to stress that his clients never specifically request staff by nationality , a legally murky request . 
  but , since his company advertises only on polish language websites , it has , he says , only a handful of britons on its books . 
  thank fuck we voted to leave the eu . 
   you 're splitting hairs though - income growth amongst low earners outpaces that of middle earners regardless of the reason behind it , only because the government mandated a rise in the nmw . 
  you can not ignore that fact because it is inconvenient to the point you 're trying to make . 
   right - so it 's about people who are unwilling to take it upon themselves to seek out opportunities but will sit on their arses and blame hard-working eastern europeans because they have better work ethic . 
  they 're not being given the chance to even apply in many cases and there is active discrimination by employment agencies because they know they can get away with treating immigrant workers like shit which is why jd sports had so many there . 
  [ this was posted on indeed.co.uk by an agency advertising for truck drivers to work in bristol with the interviews to be held in warsaw . 
  ] ( http://www.indeed.co.uk/viewjob?jk=b1fafffd77512786 ), 
  i have scepticism over climate change , not that it is n't happening but that we do n't know enough about it to say for 100 % certainty what the cause is which is resulting in us running round like headless chickens actually wasting money on pointless projects , and how every solution seems to involve `` more tax '' with the carbon trading scheme being the ultimate bullshit environmental idea ever to be invented . 
  however that does n't mean i 'm against anything that would clean up the air i breathe , the water i drink , the food i consume and that would reverse/prevent the damage to the planet that humans do . 
   a country less than a tenth the size of uk , and uk has the best geography in europe to make such projects bigger cheaper and more efficient . 
  a good job that the uk has the worlds largest offshore windfarm and is currently building another one that will be four times the size . 
   today we had news that denmark gave green light more for one single project . 
  a 600 mw wind turbine sea park . 
  and we are less than a tenth the size of uk !, 
  the uk has the worlds largest offshore wind farm and is currently in the middle of construction another one which will be four times the size . 
   but # 290m is ridiculous considering the gravity of the matter . 
  # 290m is a subsidy . 
  power companies are required to also put in their own money to get this subsidy . 
  # 290m is n't the total that is being spent , it will be closer to # 1billion . 
  oh no they may have to move 10 % of the city to another country or open up a po box address in frankfurt . 
  you 've just answered your own question in the last sentence as far as many leave voters are concerned . 
  not really , eu activity only accounts for around 10 % . 
   meanwhile the working classes have enjoyed the biggest increase in wages over the past year thanks to an increase in the minimum wage . . but that does not fit the ` polish workers are driving down wages for the working classes ' narrative . 
  it does because the only reason they 've had a wage rise is because the government mandated that there would be one . 
  the low pay commission published a report in 2014 stating that 1.4 million people were on minimum wage . 
  a study in 2015 by the resolution foundation , long before the referendum , predicted that figure would double by 2020 . 
   blaming eastern europeans is just easier than confronting the real issues . 
  it is hard not to blame them when you live in an area of high unemployment , next open up a massive distribution warehouse and a large percentage of the staff are eastern european . 
  i do speak a little french but badly enough that the french people that i speak to when i visit the country reply to me in english . 
  we were actually considering moving and living there in the loire region near tours and even found a house we were interested in but then the global recession happened and the job i do and would be doing in france , truck driving , saw a big drop in demand for workers . 
  the final end to the plan was the mother in law becoming ill and my wife wanting to live near her . 
  coal is n't just being switched to gas though . 
  ferrybridge c was closed this year and replaced by ferrybridge multifuel 1 which burns waste and waste wood . 
  drax which was the uk 's largest coal fired power station now runs on wood pellets . 
   that would make sense apart from the fact that offshore wind and tide are still in their infancy and needs significant investment to achieve any significant foothold . 
  the uk has the worlds largest offshore windfarm . 
  it is currently in the middle of building another one off the east lincolnshire/east yorkshire coast which will dwarf the current one . 
  the problem with offshore wind turbines is people think you can just throw them up anywhere . 
  you ca n't , you need a suitable seabed to sit them on and not all of the uk coastline has that . 
  yes but it is # 290m from the uk government . 
  the private sector will be putting in a lot more . 
  i do n't recall them saying they were going to bring back coal . 
  i ca n't think of very many people who would have any interest in doing so . 
  i would like to thank your countrymen for putting up with my murdering of your language when i visit your country , pointing out i 'm a bit shit in a polite way by replying in english and not just standing there giving me a disapproving stare muttering merde under your breath . 
  what about `` at least we 're not < insert whatever country you like  '' ? 
  if you 'd like some advice about how to deal with it we 've got plenty of experience here in blighty . 
  the nhs is shit but only we 're allowed to say it . 
  if someone from outside of the uk says it we 'll defend the nhs like it is the perfect model of a healthcare system . 
   the eec was effectively the precursor to the eu we have now it was n't the eu . 
  the eu did n't just get formed from the eec with maastricht . 
   so effectively our membership started in 1973 still . 
  impossible because the eu did n't exist prior to the signing of the maastricht treaty in 1992 . 
   a new name does n't mean a whole new thing . 
  but it did mean a whole new thing . 
  it meant the formation of the founding pillars of the eu . 
  it meant the forming of the euro currency . 
  it placed restrictions on members when it came to nation finances . 
   even if you were 49 , that would make you around the age of 6 when britain joined the eu ... so something here is fishy . 
  no it would n't . 
  [ the eu did n't come into being until the maastricht treaty in 1992 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maastricht_treaty ) prior to that it was the ec or european community . 
  so nobody was in the eu prior to 1992 because it did n't exist . 
  what has changed for the better ? 
  what has the eu given them that the uk did n't already have ? 
  it does get worse . 
  with every new country added comes millions of workers who are on far less money , some of which are going to want to go to richer countries typically taking up the work that the majority of those who voted leave do and for less money . 
  every new country being added seems to have a shit economy so instead of being a contributor to the rest of the eu is just another mouth to feed meaning more and more money ends up being paid in by the net contributing nations leaving them less money to look after their own population . 
  if new eu members were nations with economies similar to those of the net contributors it would n't be an issue but they 're not and have n't been for many years . 
  1995 was the last time a country which had a comparable or better economy than france , germany or the uk joined . 
  since then its been a long list of former ussr states which have done nothing but taken a fuck ton of money and shafted the low/unskilled in better off nations by exporting their labour force . 
  they 've stayed in this shit for decades , nothing has changed for the better and in fact as far as they 're concerned it gets worse with every new country that is added to the eu . 
  they see those in brussels not interested at all in their grievances especially after the `` special deal '' cameron was offered earlier this year which was worthless especially given it also came with an expiry date . 
  you can cooperate with it without being in it . 
  in your opinion . 
  i however am old enough to have been an adult before we joined the eu so i know what life without it is like .
