  we import more from the eu than we export to the eu . 
  exports to the eu as a percentage of total uk exports are dropping and that is something i expect will happen even faster once we 're free of being shackled to the eu for trade deals and can make our own . 
   the uk is trying to buy leverage and the only thing they have to trade is their stern poker face . 
  that and lots of money equivalent to 1/8th of the entire gdp of the eu , and also housing the institutions that finance much of eu business and governments . 
  uk has the busiest airspace in europe . 
  euro is going to be taking a kicking too given we 're walking away with 1/8th of the gdp of the eu . 
   it would be naive to think that you get trade relations up with the eu the way the situation looks now . 
  did n't think we would . 
  both campaigns said we would n't . 
  most who voted to leave did n't think it would be how it is now and its mostly remainers who say that leave voters thought we would , not the leave voters themselves . 
   you saw how the gbp dropped a little when brexit happened - and that was only the announcement of it happening . 
  try reading economy reporting from months prior to the vote . 
  the imf itself released a report on 15th june 2016 8 days prior to the referendum stating that sterling was 5-20 % overvalued . 
  about 3/4 of the 20 % drop was pretty much just a price correction to what sterling should have been . 
  wow you hate your country so much that you will take enjoyment watching it burn . 
  remainers are truly horrific human beings . 
  much of america motorsports , especially open wheel race series are running on technology developed in the uk . 
  british aerospace has been involved with the f35 considerably , many of your planes run on rolls royce jet engines . 
  raspberry pis are popular in the states . 
  graphene is a uk invention . 
  no it is n't . 
  it is 40 % and has been falling for several years . 
  it would probably be lower but we 're in the eu so we 're not able to make trade deals that would be better for us . 
  that will change when we leave . 
  its nothing to do with us still being part of the eu . 
  we 're leaving , we 're leaving in 2 years and markets are at record high levels . 
   that means 40 percent of your exports down the drain . 
  no it does n't . 
  companies and people in the eu are n't suddenly going to be stopping buying uk goods and services the day we leave . 
  there is n't going to be a trade embargo . 
  they 'll merely be subject to import duties which may or may not make a difference depending on whether the gbp drops against the eur or not . 
   i do n't know how much you know about economics seemingly more than you given you think that on the day we leave we wo n't be able to sell stuff to eu countries because we do n't have a trade deal . 
  could n't find it , was n't flagged as a dupe post . 
  the uk is n't greece by a long shot . 
  uk is a g7 country that has been the financial centre of the world for 200 years with a gdp more than that of 19 eu nations combined . 
  its not a pissant borderline third world nation who needs to go begging to the eu . 
  no deal is preferable to eating shit from the eu . 
  interesting that the head of the psa said the best thing the uk could do post brexit was to build a supply chain in the uk . 
  cars get cheaper , more jobs created in the uk , government gets more tax , psa gets to sell more cars . 
  kind of makes every other `` empire at its greatest extent '' look like a sad joke ... 
  so why would we pay a bill when we do n't even know what it is for ? 
  are you one of those people who will pay anyone who randomly shoves a bit of paper in front of you and says you owe money ? 
   eu subsidies for industries & projects in the uk would figuratively disappear overnight they 're going to anyway and as a net contributor who only gets back 40c for every $ 1 we send to the eu who gives a shit ? 
  we 're better off not sending the $ 1 to the eu and funding the 40c ourselves . 
   nobody wants to sign deals with people that walk away in the middle of a contract because they changed their mind . 
  the us does that a lot and people still keep coming back . 
  why ? 
  money . 
   and more barrier to trade all around when we leave the eu we can make our own trade deals with nations currently unable to make one with the eu ( i.e usa ) so how is that more barrier to trade ? 
   i agree they cant afford to walk away with no deal fifth richest country in the world with more than 60 % of its exports to non-eu nations ? 
  think we can survive a few percent on the price of stuff if we go to wto . 
  after all sterling tanked 16 % against the euro and we 're still doing well . 
   the economy would collapse . 
  sterling tanked 16 % against the euro almost overnight and the economy is even stronger . 
  the us does n't have a trade deal with the eu yet seems to be doing just fine trading on wto rules . 
   then they would be stuck with bill to pay british pensions etc no they wo n't . 
  the whole argument is about the fact that as well as british pensions for british eu staff they 'd be contributing towards the pensions of other eu member states civil servants as well . 
   that is for the euro no it is n't . 
  you may want to look up the stability and growth pact which obliges eu nations to maintain low deficits of sub 3 % and a 65 % debt to gdp ratio . 
  scotland is currently running a 10.1 % budget deficit despite getting the highest amount of money per capita from westminster of any area in the uk . 
  the scots had an indyref in 2014 , 12 months after cameron announced that if they won the next election there would be an in out eu referendum in the first half of the next parliament . 
  indeed . 
  it is basically an alteration of a trade agreement . 
   even in 2016 , uk was the third largest contributor , mate . 
  source : 2016 ? 
  your source states :  share of total contributions to the european union budget in 2015, 
  ah yes , that uk dragging its feet with the second fastest growing economy in the first world ... 
  germans do n't want to pay more though . 
   france and italy contributes more than the uk roflmfao . 
   eu-27 contributions ( 2007 -- 13 ) try looking in the last couple of years when the funding formula changed , our rebate changed and the uk gdp massively increased . 
  same comment stands . 
  when we leave how do you think our # 8bn net contribution will be made up ? 
  by member nations who will have to raise taxes to pay for it . 
  given we 're about to walk away with 1/8th of the gdp of the eu and we 're also the second largest net contributor which is going to leave a massive black hole in the eu 's finance , can you actually afford to ? 
  did you see the snp mp 's face on question time when one of the audience said we in england should hold a referendum to ask whether we should kick scotland out given they blame us for everything ? 
  she was as stoney faced as hell , did n't know what to say . 
  they really should have put the uk in there as well . 
  if you want to know why just watch a few episodes of the jeremy kyle show . 
  we have a lot of brits whose command of the language is outdone by many europeans speaking it as their second . 
  every sunday . 
  its still the law do n't you know ? 
  this . 
  erdogan is a mere blip in the history of the country and nato . 
  you ca n't just keep kicking out nations when they have a leader you do n't like then bringing them back in again when you do . 
  unfortunate for erdogan then that much of the world has quite a soft spot for the cloggies whereas many would quite gladly string him up and leave his corpse to rot in the sun . 
   again , we 're talking about agriculture . 
  in that case the answer is simple . 
  we have lower trade volumes than you 'd expect because many us agricultural products do n't meet eu standards so they 're illegal to import and vice versa . 
   the result is much lower trade volumes than you would expect given the size of the two economies . 
  nothing to do with the fact they do n't have much of what we want that the chinese ca n't do cheaper ? 
  irrelevant . 
  no , they 're cheating . 
  so you want to kick out ireland as well then given they 're breaking tax rules with apple and google ? 
  yet we 're stlll the eu 's second largest net contributor and contribute seven times what denmark does even after the rebate . 
  without the rebate we would have contributed almost $ 3.5 bn more than germany, 
   but uk has also a special membership rebate , and does n't help quite as much as the economy would require of other member states with a similar economy . 
  yet even with the rebate we 're the eu 's second largest net contributor . 
  so has the uk and the uk is the eu 's second largest contributor so has contributed far more than denmark . 
   but it did show the lack of solidarity . 
  do you say the same about the other eu nations who did n't adopt the euro such as denmark and sweden ?
