  yes d-day , when the british which you despise came to rescue europe from the nazis and free you from occupation knowing it would mean the end of their empire . 
   the ira campaign was entirely political in nature , moreover , the scope was exclusively limited to the british territories . 
  given we 're talking about attacks in the uk , what the fuck does it matter that they were limited to british territories ? 
   a pound is meaningless . 
  hey we 've not left the eu yet . 
  i usually do in france whilst driving from the eurotunnel to wherever i 'm going to . 
  for some reason it always seems to be the one on the ring road around \u00c9vreux . 
  who were the political targets in the ira manchester city centre bombing ? 
   but as far as i know , ira did n't just slaughter as many random civilians as possible , did they ? 
  you may want to go read up about their pipe bombs . 
  and yes actually they did . 
   it seemed more like a focused attack against british forces etc ? 
  because when they blew up manchester city centre that was what they were targetting ? 
   did n't they also tend to call and warn people before blowing stuff up exactly to avoid just slaughtering at random ? 
  not always and also sometimes so late to be of any use . 
  they also occassionally gave mis-information to make things worse . 
  i was born at the start of the ira terror campaign in the uk , it was the norm for the first 30 years of my life . 
  17 year old killed in knife attack . 
  we had three decades of it here in the uk between the early 1970s and 2001 thanks to ira terrorism . 
  two soldiers were assassinated by the ira a few years ago . 
  and many states do n't even have any emissions testing at all . 
  yep . 
  even the ford fusion which is sold as the ford mondeo here in the eu uses a completely different range of engines in the usa , the american ones being larger because murika . 
  eu standards are higher than the us . 
  us standards for vehicle emissions are relaxed based on age or mileage ( 5 years old ? ), 
  to lower standards than the eu whereas an eu vehicle is expected to meet the standards in force when it was built even if it is 20 years old with a billion miles on the clock . 
   look at how paris and milan were blanketed in pollution last winter , that does n't happen here . ], 
  does n't happen where i live either and the high levels in the nearest city to me are caused by a single set of traffic lights on a major through route which should not have them on . 
  we 're mostly not , its major city centres where the problem lies . 
  payback for the # 1millions stolen from british in the various property and planning scams that 've gone on in spain , many involving corrupt local officials and seeing brits lose their entire life savings . 
  real guns . 
  use same calibre as your forces do but have far better sights and are more accurate and the soldiers using them are better shots too as are the police . 
  it totals barely 10 % of the total uk economy . 
  only 8 % of all uk businesses export to the eu . 
  our economy does n't depend on it , it can survive without it especially given that we can do more favourable trade deals with other countries than we currently have as members of the eu . 
  and part of that cost of imports is the duty we 're forced to put on goods because we 're in the eu . 
   a large portion of uk exports are services such as finance , something that trade deals do not cover ... err actually they do and eu business in the financial sector is less than 10 % of the city 's total trading . 
  only 8 % of uk companies export to the eu . 
  less than 10 % of the uk economy is eu exports . 
   your economy depends upon the eu . 
  not even double digit percentages . 
  the growth we 're currently having which we were n't supposed to have had is going to make up for that loss by the time brexit is done with . 
   but your imports will be more expensive based on what ? 
  eu import tariffs on some agricultural produce are over 60 % so those items would become considerably cheaper if we returned to wto . 
  only food from the eu would go up . 
   you 're right , why choose horse meat when you can have good ol' british mad cow meat ? 
  better than rabies ridden shite from the continent . 
   i imagine it 's gon na be real cheap to ship some butter from the other side of the world . 
  one of the reasons welsh sheep farmers suffer in the uk is because it is cheaper to ship frozen lamb from new zealand to the uk than produce home grown lamb . 
  as for butter , like the rest of the world the uk runs a milk surplus so its not like there would be a problem making it here instead . 
   when nativist campaigns for the banning of irish beef in the uk co-op chain increase . 
  you know that actually never happened at all and they were merely saying they wanted to use locally sourced produce where possible ? 
   does that mean finance does n't matter for uk ? 
  10 % of the total business that the city of london does , the city of london providing in total 10 % of the uk economy so a complete loss of all eu finance business would have an impact of just 1 % of gdp which we have already more than made up for in the last year with growth being above forecast . 
  why ? 
  thanks to the revaluation of sterling uk produced goods have dropped considerably in price and even if we go with a wto deal most will still be 10-15 % cheaper than they were before june last year . 
   food is cheaper outside the eu but it wo n't be cheaper in the uk . 
  why not ? 
   i doubt that the british are much more advanced than their continental counterparts when it comes to farming . 
  you 'd be wrong . 
  british farmers are incredibly efficient with the size of the average farm being 60 % larger . 
  given that they 've had it for over 3 years and have just increased the number of countries from 42 to 60 i expect quite some time . 
   that is false , only three 's advanced plans have this . 
  no , every three plan has it , even if you 're on a payg sim . 
   [ availability . 
  ] ( http://www.three.co.uk/feel-at-home )   you can enjoy feel at home whether you 're on pay monthly or pay as you go , using a tablet , phone , mobile wi-fi or dongle . 
  now 60 countries and counting . 
  three in the uk have n't had them for a few years now . 
  love being able to go on holiday in france and munch through 25gb of data a month and make unlimited calls and texts for no extra cost . 
  nhs constantly claimed it was in crisis from 1998-2006 despite labour doubling its budget in real terms over the same period . 
  the irish government are giving a preferential rate of tax to apple which they do n't give to other companies . 
  this is illegal under eu law . 
  the eu is forcing ireland to apply the same rate of tax to apple as it does to other businesses . 
  the bill is the amount of money that is owed if apple was n't being given an illegal preferential rate . 
   the design , the ip and the technology behind it . 
  where is this developed ? 
  not in apple and much of it not in the us depending on how far back you want to go . 
   the conspiracist in me says that uk will take him in because he did n't show up , and then usa will ask uk to extradite him while in custody . 
  you should look at the extradition request history between the uk and the usa . 
  the usa has handed over everyone the uk has asked for , the uk has refused seven usa requests including gary mckinnon who openly admitted to hacking into nasa and us.mil . 
  what about personal desktop users though ? 
  they do at my company as they create and write their own software/hardware . 
  that 's nice honey but what package manager are you going to be using ? 
  my new job uses arch so simple things like ifconfig i use on mint does n't work for example and it uses pacman and does n't support . deb or . rpm packages without a lot of fucking around so installing something like mysql workbench or teamviewr is n't just a quick . deb or . rpm download , its a compile your own job . 
  as / u/ibmthink quite rightly points out , linux 's strength is also its greatest weakness . 
   there is a linux community always happy to help riiight . 
  obviously never been on any linux support forums . 
   uses standard formats but not business standard ones i.e mso . 
  sure they have some that are ` compatible ' but not 100 % compatible and many person has come a cropper by assuming that ooo or libreoffice does n't fuck up word formatting . 
  indeed . 
  ez businesses were still buying from the uk in 2014-15 when the exchange rate was # 1 = $ 1.42 . 
  only if they sell and do n't have to buy somewhere else to live or they 're lucky enough not to end up in a care home with their house being sold from under them to pay for their care . 
   for those on the ladder price falls do n't matter too much ( as long as pay remains the same ) because when they take the next step on the ladder the next place they buy will be cheaper in a similar proportion to the value lost on their last house . 
  in fact for those on the ladder , rising prices are actually bad if you 're trying to move up a step because the cost of that step increases . 
  when i bought my first house the step between my 2 bed and the 3 bed next door was just # 10,000 . 
  a few years later the price of my house had gone up 33 % as had the 3 bed next door but that 1/3 increase on a more expensive house meant the step up to the house next door had increased by 250 % to # 25,000 . 
   a 20 % drop in prices from 500k to 400k would wipe out the whole equity and you basically would lose your flat . 
  no you would n't . 
  you do n't have to sell just because it is worth less than the mortgage left to pay . 
  no , we blame those who do n't do anything to try and improve their position which is being made worse by the amount of money they waste .
