  we have n't abandoned any yet and there are countries in the eu such as your own capable of producing food cheaper than we can which is not subject to import duty . 
  sure stuff from over there is cheaper but it still needs shipping and they do n't produce everything we want . 
  and if it ever does become an issue then we can impose our own tariffs on it which need n't be as high and damaging to africa as the eu ones currently are . 
  the uk government has already announced it will maintain cap funding when we finally leave . 
  its 44 % but even that is disputed because of the rotterdam effect anf your hyperbole requires the eu to stop importing all goods and services which is pretty much not going to happen . 
   they ca n't decide to place no tariffs on eu food imports unless they also place no tariffs on all food imports what a good idea . 
  we could remove the tariffs on imported food from africa and help the farmers there which in turn would help improve the economies of those countries . 
  a win win all round except for the eu because it would mean their food would be quite expensive compared to food imported from africa , argentina , brazil , india and russia . 
   tbh the us is a very special case , if they ( for whatever reason ) default who exactly would come knocking to ` collect ' their losses while the us keeps maintaining a military larger than the rest combined . 
  the same could be said about the uk given we have enough military capability to render almost any country in the world uninhabitable for decades . 
  any country looking to ` collect ' their losses from the uk would have to consider the 200 + thermonuclear warheads that we possess , quite a few of which are sailing around the world in submarines . 
  and with brexit and other points in our history we 've demonstrated that we 're more than willing to go against what seems to be our best interest . 
  there are large parts of spain which would go bankrupt if you put tariffs on food due to the amount that they produce which goes directly to britain . 
  ca n't see the french dairy farmers being overly pleased either . 
   there are almost no goods the uk produces which are irreplaceable . 
  the same could be said about goods the eu produces too . 
  however that argument depends on whether or not you want to abide by international law . 
  lots of the stuff the uk produces is protected by copyright and patents . 
  sure its possible to make it outside of the uk but not legally . 
  how do you think a country or trading bloc which does n't recognise international law on copyrights and patents would be treated on the global stage ? 
  why would it be when the uk has been seeing a continual drop in its exports to the eu over the last several years as a percentage of all exports and the uk government has already said its more interested in courting trade deals with non-eu nations ? 
  india and china have far more potential customers , the usa is richer than the eu ( post brexit ) . 
  british dependency on eu trade [ is at an all time low . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11700443/the-eus-dwindling-importance-to-uk-trade-in-three-charts.html ), 
  you do n't take into account that exports to the eu are becoming a smaller and smaller part of our export market . 
  do your figures take into account the rotterdam effect ? 
  not quite sure how you think the uk economy would be buggered the most . 
  you seem to be under the apprehension that there would be a total loss of all uk exports to the eu which is n't going to be the case at all . 
  romanian women are [ drop dead gorgeous ] ( http://cdn.mtlblog.com/uploads/2015/10/large5.jpg ) . 
  the problem with romanian women is they eventually [ turn into their mothers . 
  ] ( http://pixdaus.com/files/items/pics/9/59/274959_6180c85216104bd9d2af840d4c5f4943_large.jpg ), 
  british truck drivers are infinitely better than the eastern europeans being hired but unlike the eastern europeans they 're not willing to do the job for # 7.50 / hr straight through . 
  and its fuck all to do with work ethic . 
  [ this is the reason why . 
  ] ( http://www.indeed.co.uk/m/viewjob?jk=b1fafffd77512786&amp;from=serp ) this was posted on a uk recruitment website advertising for truck driving jobs in bristol in england . 
  the advert is in polish , the interviews for the job are going to be held in warsaw . 
  it is quite clear that brits need not apply and there are a lot of brits in that area with the required lgv license who would be interested in it . 
  this kind of shit is going on far too much in the uk . 
  not the case any more since the cap was lifted on student numbers . 
  no idea where they got that figure from or what metric they 're using because the uk has visa free travel to over 170 countries . 
   you 'll have future generations born outside the eu , without ever having known what it was like . 
  good job that there are tens of millions of people from their early 40s onwards to guide them then . 
   we might have less cultural exchange , especially if it becomes more complicated to visit the uk from the eu or vice versa . 
  why ? 
  it was never a problem in the past . 
  the uk passport has the highest number of countries you can travel to visa free of any in the world . 
  plenty of foreigners managed to come here as well . 
   in 2015 , uk 's gdp growth rate was 2.2 . 
  growth has increased this year . 
   i 'm not sure how is the minimum wage is the uk or how are their worker 's protections and how their welfare works the uk national minimum wage is # 7.45 / $ 8.60 . 
  workers protections are above the eu minimum . 
  for example statutory minimum paid holidays is 5.6 weeks and it was that before the wtd was introduced . 
  hell the uk had the 2016 eu statutory minimum paid vacation of 20 days forty years ago . 
  welfare is n't the most generous but most people get some form of it . 
   but i know they are already pretty weak next to the rest of europe we 're the second largest economy in the eu and one , if not the fastest growing . 
  unemployment is less than half that of france . 
  38 % of your fellow voting scots voted to leave the eu in the referendum so it was n't just people south of the border . 
  they have no choice . 
  only the uk can trigger article 50 . 
  the uk may not be able to control the content but it sure as hell can control the when . 
   no way the eu let the uk dictate its agenda . 
  given that only the uk can trigger article 50 then the uk is going to be the one dictating the agenda . 
   it 's britain with its island mentality needing an exception for its special self at every turn . 
  the swedish derogation for the agency workers regulations ring a bell ? 
  that was an exception you swedes wanted put in the awr to get it passed . 
  thanks to that derogation the awr is now worthless and your country 's wanting to have an exemption are denying millions of agency workers throughout the eu a wage equal to that of permanent workers at the place they work . 
  for me personally the swedish derogation is costing me over # 10,000 a year . 
  oh i 'm quite sure it can be but it is going to be something that will take many years to be put in place , longer than it will take the uk to have left the eu . 
  and when things carry on just fine after we 've left then there wo n't be as much of a reason to set up another city in the eu . 
  the uk ca n't block an international enquiry . 
   this `` loss of sovereignty '' thing is complete bollocks to a large percentage of the uk it was important enough that they felt the need to vote to leave . 
  more money coming into the uk , could allow for ubi to become a reality . 
   the germans may sell us cars but that small percentage of their gdp is a drop in the water compared to countries jumping out of the eu to get better deals . 
  the uk is romania 's largest export market and accounts for 1.2 % of its entire gdp which is more of its gdp . 
  germany is n't the only country that gets to have a say . 
   the brexit campaigners are butthurt that other countries also have sovereignty and their own interests to protect . 
  you do n't have sovereignty whilst you remain in the eu , you handed it over to brussels . 
  if you 're in the euro zone you 've even less . 
  you ca n't even decide your own monetary policy as the ecb sets the basic rate . 
  you have a few laws that brussels allows you to control until they decide that they no longer want you to . 
  in the end your countries will exist as nothing but footnotes in history , replaced by a federal european union . 
  but it is happening as expected . 
  the eu is now showing its true colours , that it is n't democratic or anywhere close and that it does n't give a flying fuck about anything that gets in the way of the united states of europe , including its citizens . 
  the only ones talking about a nasty divorce are the other 27 eu nations . 
  we should just say fuck it , call article 50 and have hammond announce a corporation tax rate of 10 % in the next budget . 
  and the true face of eu democracy is brought into the light . 
   fact is the only reason the uk is against an eu army is that the uk would lose its position as number 2 in western defence . 
  no , its because like france , germany and greece , we 'd be providing protection across the whole of the eu including protecting countries not willing to pull their own weight and ca n't even be bothered to match the funding of nato that they signed up to . 
  stability will never happen whilst they 're more than happy killing each other because one lot do n't pray to a magic sky fairy in the way another lot think is the right way to do it . 
  we used to do the same kind of shit in the eu but apart from northern ireland and yugoslavia we moved on some considerable time ago . 
   and do n't forget they hold the cards here . 
  talking of cards , when you play poker you do n't show your hand to everyone at the table yet that is what you 're expecting the eu and the uk to do . 
  all the comments on both sides are nothing but a starting point . 
  where we end up is likely to be somewhere in the middle . 
   reality will not be what we want to happen but what the eu and its constituent countries want to happen . 
  depends . 
  there are a few countries in the eu where we 're their largest export market and there are quite a few where we 're in the top 5 . 
  that carries clout . 
  we do n't need aircraft carriers , we have sufficient bases around the world and we have nukes capable of striking anywhere on the planet . 
   especially as these `` workarounds '' are yet to be demonstrated outside of brexits legions of financial experts and international regulation specialists .
