  apple , google , amazon etc already use similar things . 
   it 's one of the global financial centres . 
  it 's currently the largest . 
  hence the global financial centre . 
  its been the largest for most of the last 200 years . 
   which only means that up to now , uk had the best conditions for their business . 
  if uk changed this , you think there 's some magical reason that 'll make them stay ? 
  it was still the largest whilst we were n't in the eu so why would it cease to be if we left ? 
   banks are n't sentimental , they 're out to make $ $ $ . 
  they 'll go where it 's the easiest . 
  which is n't the eu which wants to bring in more regulation and taxation on banks . 
   but anyway , this is n't about the workarounds actually it is to a great extent because their availability makes the claims by the remoaners moot . 
  there are unless the eu intends re-writing a load of corporate law . 
  important but not the be all and end all . 
  keep grasping at those straws . 
  whats next , claiming that people at drax powerstation in yorkshire only have jobs because the city uses a lot of electricity ? 
  no , they were just participating in fraud , theft , vote rigging , having sex with young girsl and corruption . 
  i do n't think there has been a remotely honest italian leader ever . 
  many of them use tax avoidance , there have been countless stories about traders paying less income tax than their office cleaners on nmw . 
  200,000 people out of 33,000,000 working people in this country . 
   the so called traditional british fish and chips really only exists in upper class restaurants these days . 
  you 're from london are n't you ? 
  there are five traditional british fish and chip shops in my town alone . 
  go to any seaside resort and you 'll see dozens . 
  says the man who comes from a country which had concentration camps a decade before the nazis ... 
  well there are a lot of brits who interpret it as a deliberate fuck you gesture here . 
  he needed to be . 
  you were n't fighting a war on 4 continents against a technically superior foe and win by not being one . 
   you did n't `` liberate '' us . 
  no , we conquered you . 
  remind me where your navy is again ? 
  oh that 's right , you need a glass bottomed boat to be able to see most of it . 
  looks at recent italian leaders , still not convinced they learnt the lessons from mussolini . 
   it took a long time for the uk to harmonize her regulations with the rest of the eu , and it 'd require doing all that all over again , starting from scratch . 
  why ? 
  we already provide goods and services to the usa and they have to comply with us regulations . 
  the same applies to the eu . 
  to read some of the posts in here you 'd think that on the day we 've quit we 're suddenly going to start making things differently . 
   you can not have a free market in services without free movement . 
  the mexico-eu fta includes services and no freedom of movement ... 
  empty threat . 
  they said the same when we said we would n't join the euro . 
  no idea how much you think they get paid but the amount of tax they pay is n't even a rounding error in the total uk tax receipts . 
   the city banks are there for the single market . 
  no they 're not . 
  the uk is the global financial centre , not just that of the eu . 
  there are workarounds that can be put in place which would allow them to still remain in the city and still have access to the eu as they do now . 
  the difference is inconsequential because many of those getting those high paying jobs pay minimal tax and as a proportion of uk tax receipts do n't even account for a rounding error . 
  at the current rate of growth in the uk economy ( i realise most of europe does n't know what economic growth is ) , they could lose the entire tax receipts of all eu financial trade and the increase in gdp would make it up in under a year . 
  this is something that you guys seem to not understand . 
  the loss of eu financial trade in the city would cause just a blip . 
  well its been the financial centre of the world for around 200 years . 
  through that time its survived two world wars , the great depression , the end of the british empire . 
  if the end of the british empire could n't even topple it then brexit is unlikely to . 
  my parents as brits applied for a job in belgium in 1970 working in some horse stables . 
  took a whole two weeks to get the required paperwork to allow them to move there , live there and work there . 
  if it could be done in 2 weeks four and a half decades ago it should n't be a problem today . 
  it was n't as expensive because the population density was lower . 
  it was probably even more full of people who treat you as a cash machine than it is today . 
  london has been the worlds financial capital for centuries . 
  it remained the worlds financial centre even as the british empire fell and it dropped down the world rankings . 
  if being the worlds richest country was a requirement of being the worlds financial centre then the city would have been downgraded long ago . 
   so if the uk goes that route there 's no way it will be allowed to trade fish with the eu . 
  does n't need to . 
  currently we import a shitload of fish from iceland and norway because we ca n't meet demand with the uk fleet due to how much it was decimated . 
  https://fullfact.org/europe/how-many-businesses-export-eu/ but just think about it . 
  think about how many businesses there are in the place you live , the shops , the cafes , the hairdressers , petrol stations , cleaning companies , window cleaners , estate agents , builders etc etc etc. 
  how many of them are going to be in the business of exporting goods or services ? 
  somewhere between zero and none . 
  however there is going to be a couple of businesses on the industrial park who may but they 'll form a small percentage of the total number of businesses in the town/city you live in . 
  now the amount of goods they export may be more than the combined income of all other businesses in the town but that does n't alter the fact that only a few percent of all the businesses in that town export goods/services . 
  makes it easier when you come to renew your contract . 
  :p quite why people use ee i can never work out . 
  yeah its really fast but their biggest data package is 30gb a month which you pay through the nose for and you can go through that in barely a couple of hours . 
  how are ford breaking eu law ? 
  apple were n't breaking eu law , ireland was . 
  apple was paying the tax ireland demanded from it . 
  ireland gave apple a preferential rate of tax which is the bit that was illegal as it is deemed state aid . 
  2 complete months in any rolling 12 month period . 
  the only limit is on data at 25gb per month . 
  but we did n't pay anything extra . 
  did you read the article ? 
  that figure is the total percentage of all uk exports that go to the eu . 
  you 're confusing the figure which is how many of our total exports go to the eu with the number of businesses that export to the eu . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  merely pointing out the holes in the article . 
  why ? 
  we did n't pay for it before . 
  there was no increase when they introduced it . 
  tough shit france , that is what you get for having no borders , free movement of people , being in a superstate ... 
  given only about 10 % of uk businesses export to the eu why would 75 % of uk businesses be wanting to move to ireland ? 
  everyone in europe is getting free roaming except brits ... [ who quite inconveniently for this story already have free roaming in 42 countries including all the eu . 
  ] ( http://www.three.co.uk/discover/phones/feel_at_home ), 
  up to 42 countries now . 
  nope . 
  it was included at no extra cost on three for everyone no matter what contract they had or even if they were payg . 
   do you think only brits people have expensive contracts that includes `` free '' roaming abroad ? 
  three have been giving free roaming to anyone who has a contract or payg sim no matter what the amount they pay . 
  i pay # 20 a month for unlimited minutes , unlimited texts , 30gb of data including 30gb of tethering and [ i can use that in 42 countries ] ( http://www.three.co.uk/discover/phones/feel_at_home ) including all of those you can . 
  no idea why it would n't given it was in force before this was announced and includes non-eu countries .
