  wait until we leave taking 1/8th of the eu gdp with us leaving france and germany to make up the missing money to keep the eu running . 
  i think it is going to be a hell of a shock . 
  i 'm waiting to see problems . 
  so far i have n't . 
  consumers have more money than before , mainly thanks to low interest rates , low inflation and record employment and are spending it as much as ever . 
  we have pretty much the highest growth in the first world . 
  i know a lot of people on here like to think the sky is falling down and the uk economy is crashing but that is far from the case . 
   the eu is only doing what 's fair : wanting the uk to foot the pensions bill for non british eu civil servants after it has left ? 
   the eu does not intend on paying pensions for british citizens once exit is finalized . 
  so let the uk government take over direct control of them instead of issuing a bill which also includes paying the pensions of other non british eu civil servants . 
  i find your comment quite funny being you are french . 
  three words : common agricultural policy . 
  weaker position than in 1920 ? 
  we do n't need to invade ireland or even set a foot on it to get control . 
  if it really came to it all we have to do is to not buy anything from ireland for a year which will fuck up your economy and then blockade your country with a naval and air blockade . 
  shit we do n't even need to send out any ships or aircraft as we have missile systems on the mainland that can enforce one . 
  a year of that and you 'd be begging for surrender . 
  but given that we 're not batshit crazy here i doubt very much that would ever happen . 
   also london does pay more to coincide with higher living costs . 
  but nowhere near the amount it needs to be to compensate for that . 
   im interested to know , where and how could you draw offense from this ? 
  numerous comments from londoners in this sub who think that there is nothing outside of the home counties . 
   ofcourse you have to find a job there too unemployment in my small part of yorkshire is lower than 90 % of london boroughs . 
  why the fuck does everyone assume that anywhere outside of the home counties is an unemployment wasteland ? 
  here go [ read this ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/employmentandlabourmarket/peopleinwork/employmentandemployeetypes/bulletins/regionallabourmarket/feb2017 ) and educate yourself . 
  you 'll note that about half the regions of the uk have higher employment levels than london and of those that do n't there is only northern ireland and the north east which are more than 1 % lower than london . 
  what matters when it comes to the price of a house is not the materials to build it but the cost of the land it sits on . 
   the difference is salary . 
  except the salaries are n't even coming close to compensating for the additional cost . 
  do my job in london and the wage is an additional # 4500 over what i get paid in yorkshire , a difference of 15 % , yet the cost of a 2 bed flat would be twice the cost of my 3 bed semi and that extra salary plus a lot more would be swallowed up in the higher rent/mortgage payments . 
  it does n't occur in the uk because there is effectively a pool of labour several times the size of the uk population to draw on for the next couple of years at least who have the same rights to live here and work here as the natives , many of whom come from countries with far lower wages than here so the labour shortage that would normally result and increase wages does n't happen . 
  lots of your neighbours to the north and the east seem to be very worried about russia . 
  1.98 % so still a shitload higher than many other nato members especially once the size of the economy is taken into account . 
  scotland is n't going independent any time soon . 
  shame that at the start of it there was on of the female mps getting the song going on her phone to remind them what it was and that actually they did n't really know it at all . 
   norway isnt in the eu yet follows pretty much all of its laws and regulations because they make sense and facilitate trade you wingnut . 
  norway only follows the rules it wants to and that it has to on the goods and services it trades . 
  norway has implemented less than 20 % of all eu directives . 
  as a full eu member scotland would not have that luxury . 
   the eu is run by unanimity and the principal of subsidiarity so for all countries are both independent and have a large say in what laws are implemented . 
  no they 're not , they 're at the whims of other nations with veto powers or in the case of trade agreements , at the whim of every other member state . 
   then pretty much no country is independent because they all part of some alliances , unions , trade pacts etc etc. 
  what other trade pact or alliance or union has a judiciary with supremacy over a member nations courts and supremacy over member nations own governments ? 
  because they want to remain in the eu which would mean they would n't be independent because the eu would be deciding lots of rules , regulations and laws that scotland would have to implement . 
  so in the eu scotland will be free to make all its laws and regulations or would it be forced to abide by those of the eu ? 
  city of london generates about as much of the uk economy as scotland does . 
   if we do leave the main party in scotland in favour of independence seem to have indicated there 'd be a referendum to reapply to join the eu . 
   the eu is a voluntary union , as amply demonstrated with the uks withdrawal . 
  i would say our withdrawal is showing it to be anything but voluntary with all kinds of punitive penalties being bandied about as well as being expected to continue to pay # billions after we 've left . 
  the eu is akin to those book subscription clubs you join then find you can never leave . 
   difference between being one of many small countries all with power of veto etc. 
  so no different than now really . 
   independence probably wo n't involve being in the eu sorry but almost everyone who bleats on about wanting independence says they want it so they can remain in the eu . 
  scotland : we want our independence . 
  we want to be in the eu . 
  have any of them ever thought that the two sentences are incompatible with each other ? 
  if you are in the eu you 're not going to be independent , you 're merely shifting who makes decisions about running your country a couple of hundred miles east . 
  dae find it funny that the scots bleat on about wanting independence but seem to want to stay in the eu which will effectively rule them and make decisions they ca n't do anything about from 200 miles west of where they 're currently claiming that occurs ? 
  economic isolation is being part of the eu where you ca n't do trade deals without the blessing of 27 other members all of whom are trying to protect their own interests . 
  are you beholden to paying for arrangements that have n't yet started and were based on your continued membership of a club ? 
  they 're wanting us to pay after we 've left the pub after we 've already not only paid for our round but paid towards the drinks of 16 others every single round . 
   why are british people getting treated special again ? 
  fifth richest country in the world , reu 's largest export market , city is source of around half of all reu 's lending . 
  never underestimate what money can achieve . 
  its not our most important trade deal and as a percentage of exports the eu is getting smaller and smaller every year . 
  when we take out 1/8th of the entire gdp of the eu lets see how well you do as the euro tanks . 
  who cares ? 
  economy is growing 30-50 % faster than yours , unemployment is 20 % lower despite over 300,000 eu migrants a year entering the country , still a g7 member throughout that period . 
   which are still lower than they would be in a non brexit scenario . 
  supposition . 
  regardless we 're still one if not the fastest growing economy in the eu , g7 and the west . 
  if we did n't care about the eu we would n't have pumped hundreds of billions of pounds into it over the last 25 years . 
  the inflexibility from the eu in all of this is exactly the position i would expect an opposite party in a negotiation to take before talks start . 
  if its still the situation in 18 months time well that 's a different matter . 
   do n't you get that it 's just the start ? 
  been getting told that since 23rd june . 
  boe have factored in the events for the next two years and raised their forecast on both of them . 
  if you want protection of nato you should pay your way . 
  its not what it was several years ago . 
  some things can still be a pita though especially if you are unlucky enough to have the wrong broadcom wifi chipset in your laptop . 
  genuinely asking . 
  got a mix of windows , linux mint , osx , ios and android here but i usually find that the main reason that people saying they 're migrating from windows to linux for , security , has little basis in reality . 
  still wondering when london will compensate the rest of the uk for the # billions lost in 2008 on . 
  ] ( https://www.gmx.com/company/about/#.1559516-footer-nav1-1 ) been using it for ages . 
  what do you think switching to linux will achieve ? 
  wo n't happen . 
  it takes so long to do anything thanks to having to have agreement amongst so many nations that by the time the eu is in a position to do deals trumps presidency will be long gone . 
  so when we leave the eu ca n't ask for more money . 
   how about the uk just pays for the stuff they agreed to pay for ? 
  how about the 16/17 nations of the eu who have consistently been getting more out of the eu than they pay in actually start to contribute instead of continually taking year after year from countries like the uk ? 
  how about 90 % of the eu nations protected by nato but not meeting their funding obligations start to pay their way instead of relying on countries that do like the uk ? 
  and they call brexiters stupid ... 
  trump is half scottish . 
  trump hates the eu , he especially hates germany . 
  he 'll do it just to stick two fingers up to the eu . 
   which gives germany a decent negotiation positon . 
  no it does n't . 
  germany has no negotiating position because germany is in the eu so can not negotiate its own trade deals with russia . 
  it can only do a deal as part of the eu which is a bit of a problem given how pissed russia is about the accession of former soviet bloc eastern european nations into the eu . 
   probably the finest cars mass produced tho .
