  several years ago that was the case , sadly it no longer is . 
  my friends mecedes c class amg has been back to the dealers for all kinds of things that no premium car should ever have such as rattling parcel shelf speakers and the worst part is that they 're actually common problems . 
  even peugeots do n't have some of the faults the mercs are having . 
  the reason they 're still so popular is because many still believe they 're worthy of the reputation they used to have . 
   the same car produced in those luxury british car workshop would cost three times as much . 
  why would that be given german labour rates and energy costs are higher ? 
  good luck with that , you could n't even manage it when the us had a pro-eu president . 
  with an anti-eu president who really has a problem with germany who has just today cancelled the tpp and has said he wants to do a deal with the uk there 's no chance in hell it 'll be even entertained until the next president . 
   lol they are all more expensive than german cars of course they are . 
  audis and bmws are common garden rep mobiles , not really that special . 
  now deduct those counted as being exported to the eu even though their final destination is outside of the eu thanks to the rotterdam effect . 
  part of the reason its like that is because thanks to being in the eu and not able to do our own trade deals our ability to export to certain nations is harmed by the protectionist deals the eu has made or the fact that the eu has been incapable of making any trade deal at all so we 're trading with wto rates with countries like the usa . 
  that was the official government referendum leaflet sent to every single household in the uk in 1975 . 
   well it may be 10 % of trade but the banks seem to already be moving much more than 10 % of staff to the eu . 
  one small one is . 
  hsbc are planning to move just 2 % . 
   with inflation up to 20 % where , [ its 1.6 % . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jan/17/uk-inflation-hits-two-year-high ) unemployment is at 4.8 % making it one of the lowest rates in the entire eu and half the euro zone average . 
   with lowest living standards among all industrialized european countries that 'll be most of the eu once we 've taken away 1/8th of its gdp and its second highest net contributor . 
  good luck funding those former soviet bloc countries especially when serbia joins and wants their handout . 
  roughly 50 % of all financing in the eu comes from london . 
   the financial industry in uk is huge also so they have lots to lose in that capacity . 
  but less than 10 % of it is eu trade . 
  you may have forgotten that the city is the worlds leading financial centre . 
  over 90 % of its business is uk domestic and non-eu . 
  a total loss would be about # 60bn to the uk government which would be recouped in just two years of forecast gdp growth . 
   the uk has zero leverage . 
  worlds fifth richest nation ... 
   i personally do n't think the uk has the leverage for a trade deal with the eu that will be beneficial for the uk . 
  fifth richest economy in the world ? 
  eu 's largest export market ? 
  fastest growing in the g7 ? 
  at least we pay our way when it comes to nato . 
  just like your country did with the jews 80 years ago ? 
   in a total tradewar they would lose 49 % of their exports nope . 
  the eu has n't been close to that level of uk exports for some time . 
  its hovering around 40 % and falling . 
  and when we leave the eu and make trade deals with the row it will drop even more and probably at an even quicker rate . 
   it 's economy has already contracted are you reading some report on the uk economy that nobody else is ? 
  its one of the fastest growing in the g7 , the imf just increased their growth forecasts . 
   but at the end of the day the eu only has one thing the uk wants - single market access . 
  we do n't value it as highly as you think we do . 
  whilst it would be nice to have it we can live without it . 
  yet apple and google are in ireland ... . 
  but not a jaguar , aston martin , rolls royce , bentley , lotus , morgan or mclaren ? 
  yep . 
  had the internet existed as it does now it is unlikely that would have been the case . 
   many of the cars assembled in britain use parts made in germany ; parts that are not easily reproduced . 
  other than the ecus pretty much every other part of a vehicle is as can be witnessed by the wide availability of non-oem spares . 
  in fact its so easy to reproduce them that ford were forced to alter their practices when it came to worn bushes in the rear trailing link arms on the mk4 ford mondeo . 
  ford wanted you to replace the entire trailing link arm and said that it was impossible just to replace the bush and they would n't sell the bush on its own as a part . 
  ebay was full of sellers selling kits with just the bushes and a removal tool for 1/3 of the price ford were wanting to replace the whole arm . 
  by the time it got to needing them done on my mondeo in 2014 ford had relented and offered a bush only replacement option through their dealer network . 
  and the parts do n't just come from germany . 
  at nissan in sunderland it is commonplace to see many small vans delivering parts from polish manufacturers . 
  in fact i reckon most car parts are made in eastern european and former soviet bloc eu member nations . 
  the only reason ecus are n't available is due to the security that they employ in the software/hardware however for the task of getting an engine to run you can buy third party engine management systems . 
  ability to make our own trade deals , decide who we want to come into the uk , even have our own courts and parliament as the ultimate authority in the uk . 
   what benefits ? 
  ability to make our own trade deals for a start . 
  ability to make laws which suit and benefit us , not have ones foisted upon us which do n't . 
  not having to pay for one of the most inefficient ruling bodies there is on the planet and not having to pick up the bill for the cost of grants and funding to all the current and new basket case countries joining the eu . 
   the uk agreed to all the eu laws when it signed the treaties from which they were derived . 
  no , the uk government did . 
  the people never got a say . 
  we did n't even get a say over signing maastricht . 
  when we were given a say in june we decided to say we did n't agree to them all . 
   except for all the times they said that single market membership was safe - `` norway-style deal '' and all that . 
  a few non-persons who were interviewed by the media but who had nothing to do with the official campaign or the mps tasked with dealing with brexit said that . 
   she 's going far beyond what was decided by the referendum to leave the eu ? 
  no she is n't . 
  talking about leaving the single market and increasing trade with the rest of the world , talking about what deal we 'd get , our stance on negotiations , everything is all to do with leaving the eu which we had a referendum about . 
  but even though countries are in the eu they 've continued to compete with each other . 
  is a german train manufacturing company competing with a uk train manufacturing company for a contract not competing ? 
  i 'm glad you realised the worth of your comment . 
  [ we were lied to by the uk government when we had a referendum in 1975 . 
  ] ( http://www.harvard-digital.co.uk/euro/pamphlet.htm ) we were told that what happened would n't happen and that it was basically about trade . 
   but the eu itself will celebrate the start of the eu this year ( so treaty of rome ) no , its 25 years after the signing of maastricht . 
  feel free to piss off and leave . 
  trains depart every 30 minutes . 
  audi , bmw and mercedes are seen as company cars here in the uk , not really a luxury product per-se . 
  hell even all of mercedes tv advertising for their c class is aimed at business buyers . 
  most of those under 3 years old being driven around are n't owned by those driving them but are owned/financed by their employers . 
  does n't matter who owns them but where they 're made . 
  one of the reasons for nissan etc to have plants in the uk instead of making them in japan and importing them was the import duty applied . 
  if they 're made in the uk/eu there 's no import duty . 
  may be more expensive and even then you can only guarantee it would be those imported from the eu . 
  a very large percentage , if not the vast majority of audis , bmws and mercedes bought in the uk are company cars on lease . 
  if imports made them expensive enough the company accountants could push from them to be removed from the list of options made available to company employees and directors . 
   if you want trade , you have to give ground and concede external access and regulatory control to your domestic sectors and therefore , lawmaking . 
  where has the usa done that ? 
   you know the old saying - you do n't know what you have until you lose it . 
  many of those who voted to join the eec in 1975 feel exactly that way . 
  they did n't realise what freedoms we had until we lost them after we joined the eec and then the eu . 
  commonwealth countries seem quite eager to make trade deals . 
  we could literally end up signing one with canada and australia and even possibly the usa minutes after we 're clear of the eu . 
   and you fought for your own survival adolf did n't want to go to war with the uk . 
   the uk did n't give up the empire to help anyone but themselves , and , as a consequence , others were liberated . 
  adolf did n't want to go to war with the uk , he was only forced to when we declared war with germany . 
  we could have quite happily sat at home and left you to yourselves .
