   we 're discussing agriculture , of which the eu imports $ 12b from the us . 
  the eu imports $ 250b in goods from the us and that 's as a result of low tariffs between the two . 
  we have no trade agreement with the usa . 
  that trade is done at wto rates . 
   losing any amount of access to eu markets we wo n't lose the ability to sell to the eu even without a trade agreement . 
  all that will change is that there may or may not be any import duties and we may or may not have to do the paperwork that non-eu nations have to . 
  sorry but being in the eu was a hinderance to doing trade deals because it required the agreement of 28 member states to get one passed . 
  the reason there is n't one with the usa is because of that . 
   first of all , the eu gives us access to all its trade partners via its trade agreements . 
  we would lose all those eu markets ( including south korea , mexico and soon canada ) . 
  that is bullshit . 
  you do n't need to have a trade agreement to sell into a market . 
  the us has no trade agreement with the eu yet sells # 100billions a year into the eu . 
   secondly , do you think we are more competitive than us industrial farming ? 
  its not all about quantity and low cost . 
  if that were the case then no british company would ever be able to sell anything to china . 
  certain foods from certain sources are highly valued in the us such as scottish salmon . 
   it 's difficult to imagine opening enough markets to compensate for the eu you seem to be another of those idiots who think that all trade with the eu will cease if we do n't have a trade agreement or have import duties applied . 
   so farmers lose access to eu markets . 
  but gain access to non-eu markets . 
  i wonder what the balance of payments would be when we factor in the # billions lost to ruk from the fuckups of the city in 2007/8 and subsequent damage caused from the austerity forced upon us as a result for the next half decade . 
  i bet they 're also not under nazi rule , something which was ended by the british bringing the might of their empire against nazi germany before being joined 2 years later by the us and russia ( who incidentally had a pact with germany when they invaded poland ... ), 
   a computer was n't something common at all , it was in the uk . 
  in the early 80s loads of teenage kids had 8 bit home computers such as the zx81 , zx spectrum , commodore 64 etc. 
  it was a time in computing history where the number of people who programmed was at an all time high . 
  the number of bedroom coders was unreal . 
  you could submit your game or whatever to a magazine and they 'd likely include it in the cover tape or even print the code for people to program in themselves . 
   unemployment does not mean employment , however . 
  it just means people on jsa . 
  nope . 
  the ons figures are n't just based on people claiming jsa . 
  the ons tell you how figures are calculated if you bother to look . 
  posting a few photos on twitter is hardly crime of the century . 
  its surprising how few people know that fact and i find it quite sad . 
  many people in this country literally believe we make nothing . 
  leave manufacturing the mountains of penny a dozen plastic crap to countries like china and let the uk concentrate on continuing to produce high end stuff which means better quality of jobs for people here . 
  eu leaders are getting desperate . 
  uk leaving , france looking like its possibly going to return an anti-eu candidate ... 
   think of the recognition of hgv licences that was discussed on here ( or maybe it was ukpolitics ) a while ago if that was n't a problem at any time up until 1993 why would it be a problem now ? 
   i do n't think so , there 's no competing manufacturing industry in britain the uk is the worlds fifth largest manufacturing nation . 
  both leave and remain campaigns said we 'd leave the single market during the run up to the referendum . 
  both sides said we 'd leave the single market . 
  what version do you think you heard ? 
   there is no way the government can compensate companies like nissan for the loss of the single market . 
  but they can point out that the company would be seriously disadvantaged against the competition in its biggest european market if they were to be subject to import duties . 
  they would need good tax incentives if the uk , the eu 's largest market for the mini , imposed import duties on it . 
  cmr notes ... 
  pull up to port gate , hand over cmr note , proceed on journey . 
  there are no tariff barriers to civil aviation due to a worldwide agreement that is in force . 
  if the eu were to impose tariffs on planes or aviation components made in the uk it would be breaking an agreement it signed . 
  you 're talking absolute shit because being in the single market does n't matter one fuck for civil aircraft due to a worldwide agreement that is in force . 
  does n't work like that just because its inconvenient for you . 
  [ part of russia is in continental europe . 
  ] ( http://www.clipartkid.com/images/499/europe-continental-country-flags-and-map-royalty-free-stock-photo-wpxtf9-clipart.jpg ) everywhere in russia to the east of the ural mountains is in continental europe . 
  in fact even moscow is in europe . 
  its not an insignificant number and requires not just accommodation but also public services that a town five times the size of mine would require . 
  ukraine and russia is united with france , germany etc ? 
  there are open and encrypted signals . 
  the encrypted ones are used by military etc and are accurate to a far smaller area . 
  so poor public transport in the north compared to london is n't because the uk government invests # 2500 per head in london and only # 5 per head in newcastle then ? 
  it is equivalent to five times the population of my town . 
   far right is rising because you have a shit system that did n't protect the poor . 
  so why is the far right doing so well in your elections ? 
  merely responding in kind . 
  the eu is not the union of europe . 
  europe is a continent and includes several non-eu nations including even russia . 
   the uk left a block of roughly 500 million people no we did n't . 
  we have decided that we want a different deal but lets play your game . 
  you could argue using your yardstick that we 're freeing ourselves to be able to do better deals with 7 billion people who are not in the eu bloc . 
   all of which are relatively rich on a global scale are they ? 
  malta is ranked 133rd richest nation in the world . 
  four eu nations , including malta , are ranked 100th or worse . 
  only 6 including the uk are in the top 20 . 
  there are many african , asian and south american nations classed as third world who have a gdp higher than some eu nations . 
  the uk has a gdp greater than two thirds of all eu nations combined . 
  get a list of all eu nations and sort it by gdp . 
  start at the bottom and add them all up until you get to a total that equals the uk 's . 
  you 'll find the number of nations in the list is around 18 or 19 out of 28 . 
   alone , the uk has only 60mil , which is n't nothing , but on a global scale , right next to nothing if we compare it to the us , india , china , brazil , etc. 
  oh dear someone else who thinks that quantity  quality . 
  our population was a whole lot smaller when we ruled over 1/4 of the planet . 
  the uk is far from a sinking ship politically but thanks for confirming you believe all the bullshit you read in the papers and see on reddit . 
  given that north sea oil provides a fair chunk and it is unlikely they 'd retain much or any of it at all if they came independent then yes it can change but not for the better . 
   the uk is a sinking ship at this point . 
  highest growth in the first world let alone the eu , worlds fifth richest country , leading world companies investing in the uk even though we 're leaving the eu ... not exactly sinking . 
   what if the eu becomes the strongest force on the planet the eu is about to lose 1/8th of its entire gdp and its second richest nation which has a gdp larger than the bottom 2/3 of eu nations ( by gdp ) combined the day the uk leaves . 
   the dangers of going independent . 
  the uk was independent of the eu for 99.9 % of its history and in that time it was independent of the eu it managed to have the largest empire in human history . 
   they meet the criteria . 
  you may want to look at their budget deficit . 
  europe = / = eu . 
  they did n't . 
  usual bullshit press reporting . 
   stingy assholes unable to afford a 1.000.000 euro tractor for their half acre veggie farm something . 
  we 're not france . 
  we do n't have loads of people with a large garden claiming they 're a farm in order to get eu cap subsidies . 
  the majority of the electorate supported giving the right to remain to eu citizens already here and there was uproar at the suggestion they be used as pawns in negotiations . 
  nope . 
  even if you 're just visiting many muslim nations you have to abide by all their religious laws . 
  and in todays news the uk government has seen the largest monthly surplus for 17 years based on the back of higher tax receipts from small businesses because of how well they 're doing ...
