  it is the same with the situation with junior doctors in england and how they were all going to go to scotland . 
  much of scotland outside of the m8 corridor is rural . 
  get up into the highlands and main a roads are single track with passing places and marked points where there is hope of mobile phone network coverage . 
  how many are going to want to go there ? 
   brexit was won by a margin of 1.5 % they won by 4 % . 
  uk is setting a date of death of 2040 for new ice cars . 
  after 2040 no new cars will be allowed to have an ice . 
  i wish more people would understand this . 
  is it the same modelling that in the run up to the referendum predicted a recession immediately following a leave vote ? 
   well oddly enough 28 % of uk beef exports go to ireland , the rest goes to the rest of the eu . 
  and ? 
  ireland imports beef whilst most of its exports go to the uk . 
  it is all about where you can get the most money for your produce from . 
  i do but production does n't meet current demand so we import . 
   that is by 2030 the uk economy will be 10-12 % smaller than it could have been . 
  you have a crystal ball ? 
  it is going to be interesting to watch ireland 's government and businesses getting their knickers in a twist as d-day approaches with no deal in sight and a realisation it 'll be cheaper for us to sail beef halfway around the world than buy it from irish farmers . 
  you ca n't miss something you did n't have . 
  we have record employment and once we leave the number of people leaving the uk is going to mean more vacancies . 
  not sure how you think that it is going to be a negative and mean higher unemployment . 
  container ships are one of the most environmentally friendly forms of transport on a per tonne per mile basis . 
  the largest container ships move over 20,000 containers in a single load . 
  quite clearly has never seen the almost endless train of italian , portugese and spanish refrigerated semi-trailers coming out of kent filled with food coming into the uk . 
  why would it rot away ? 
  the eu wo n't stop food exports because for countries such as spain who supply a massive amount of salad vegetables to us or ireland whose beef mostly goes to the uk , it will fuck up their local economies big time . 
   first uk is not going to drop tariffs on australian beef without getting any trade concessions from australia in return . 
  both nations are still in the commonwealth , the queen is still their head of state . 
  no problem keeping it frozen , it gets transported in refridgerated containers which are powered by the container ship that they 're loaded on . 
  this has been done for years . 
  as a lorry driver i 've shifted loads of imported bananas many times . 
  bananas that come into the uk come on reefer semi-trailers and have to maintain a constant 14c with onboard temperature logging . 
  they manage to make the trip to the uk ok . 
  even ford is more reliable lately . 
   the thing is that if you import food from the usa you are going to lower your living standards because the food there is everything but food . 
  hyperbole . 
  when american companies supply goods and services to the uk they have to meet our standards . 
  the fact they may supply lower quality goods/services to customers in their home nation is neither here nor there . 
  it is almost like you 're completely ignorant of how international trade works . 
  in uk subs we 're constantly being told by remoaners we import all of our food from the eu and we 're going to starve if we do n't have a trade deal . 
  the uk has more than enough capacity to do the checks . 
  the problem is the eu does n't due to the fact there is no centralised database . 
  by lower standards he means be more competitive . 
  i keep getting told on reddit that the uk is shit and the eu is a mighty powerhouse so why is barnier so worried as to make this statement ? 
   your world ranking does n't matter several g20 nations seem to disagree . 
   britain 's position is very weak we 're the worlds fifth largest economy . 
   the immense value of the uk for over 400 years has been as a hub to the world . 
  exactly and being in the eu and restricted to what deals we can make with third party countries because of that harms that value . 
  it is quite interesting how many of the g20 nations are lining up to do trade deals as soon as we leave . 
   you ignore the fact that those 27 nations have already reached a consensus among themselves on just one thing . 
  when it starts to come to trade it 'll be a whole different story . 
   the uk either does n't know what it wants or it 's being unrealistic . 
  we do n't know because it 's not public information . 
  so your claim of the uk not having anything yet is just opinion pulled out of your arse . 
   also , if judging by how fast the brexit negotiations are going , you can safely say that speed is n't uk strong point . 
  one could argue that much of that delay is down to getting concensus on any final arrangement with 27 other nations . 
   but it 's still just about 3.5 % of global gdp . 
  not bad for a nation with just 1/120th of the world 's population . 
   it wo n't be as good as many think and wo n't be as bad as many others think . 
  in 50 years time the world will look back at this and go : `` in 2017 the uk decided to renegotiate its trade deal with the rest of the eu . '', 
  and that is all it will end up being . 
  how can you have a solid plan about something that is completely unprecedented ? 
  what 's your solid plan for the appearance of a black hole in the middle of the earth ? 
  you 've not got one ? 
  well quelle surprise . 
   the uk has to sign and ratify trade deals with lots of countries while having little to offer because what nation would be interested in doing a trade deal with the world 's fifth largest economy ? 
   i actually want them to succeed no you do n't , stop lying . 
  you literally spend all your time posting `` see i told you so '' responses to anything to do with brexit . 
   it took the eu almost a decade to negotiate a trade deal with japan . 
  because there were 27 nations all with their own interests delaying action on the eu side . 
  it always takes longer to get anything done when you 've got 27 people in a room you need to get to agree to a plan compared to just one . 
  you do know the uk is walking away with 1/8th of the entire gdp of the eu ? 
   all they need to do is get rid of the idiots like johnson , and barnier . 
   if you 're not claiming jsa then you 're not considered unemployed so this is definitely possible . 
  sorry but this is incorrect . 
   our unemployment rate is calculated using the claimant count . 
  [ no it is n't . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-22870886 ), 
  but not by anywhere near as much . 
  you have nothing to base that comment on . 
  nobody has suggested not doing . 
  last report from royal society and treasury states uk households will be 4200 pounds poorer on a yearly basis by 2030 with deal , without over 5000 ah yes , that particular part of remain 's project fear campaign . 
  it has been debunked numerous times and in fact has already pretty much been negated with the better than predicted uk growth and the recession that is n't going to happen . 
  brussels is planning [ a financial transactions tax ] ( http://www.cityam.com/257902/eu-robin-hood-financial-transactions-tax-within-reach-if ) . 
  it is also planning to harmonise tax rates which will harm countries like ireland . 
   this is decades of engineering knowledge and ingenuity build up on specific locations to build these compartmentalized engines . 
  good job the uk is one of the world 's leaders in this field then is n't it ? 
   what deal ? 
  a deal with who ? 
  for what ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/19/eu-deal-what-david-cameron-asked-for-and-what-he-actually-got/  dude , there are no import tariffs within the eu . 
  it 's a free market . 
  i was talking about tariffs for goods imported from outside of the eu . 
   you 'll get tariffs after leaving the eu . 
  and for our imports and exports for trade with non-eu nations they may be better than what we currently have to apply to imports and have applied to our exports . 
  several g20 nations have already said they want to do a trade deal with us . 
   for cheaper from new zealand ... why not ? 
  we already used to import a metric shit ton of lamb from them . 
   you think all trade with the uk will stop after exit ? 
  it seems to be the view from reu that that will be what happens with uk exports to the eu going on the comments . 
  personally no i do n't think it will .
