  in most food factories , distribution warehouses etc the majority of the workforce are now eastern european working for agencies . 
  the higher skill level you go to the fewer jobs there are . 
  it has always been and will continue to be a pyramid shape with unskilled forming the largest number of jobs in the uk . 
   then why did these same people vote for tories doncaster voted tory ? 
  which century was this in ? 
  certainly not the last or current one . 
  no they do n't . 
  the rug was pulled out from under them in the 80 's and 90s with the loss of the steel works , ship building and coal mining . 
  and they 're fucking shite on the whole . 
  there was one in a seaside resort next to me . 
  [ it refurbished a theatre that most locals ca n't afford to go to or never use . 
  ] ( https://www.thespabridlington.com/redevelopment-history/redevelopment/ ), 
   the eu did n't cause that poverty but it has perpetuated it in those areas with the number of eastern european migrants taking up unskilled work . 
  the inability to set our own import tariffs , eu rules and restrictions on state aid . 
   but it 's shameful that the government has not pleged to support/fund the eu projects in the uk that will be effected [ actually they have . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-37060430 ), 
   back then there was a better benefit system to fall back on . 
  no there was n't . 
  there was unemployment benefit and housing benefit , that was it . 
  no working tax credits , no child tax credits , no child benefit . 
  actually they do . 
  in the 80s and 90s in those areas in the north of england the ship building , steel works and coal mining industries were decimated so they have seen worse and are in many cases still living with the fall out from that . 
  piss off then . 
  you have the right to live there , there are 9 sailings a day from cairnryan to larne , 3 from liverpool to dublin , 6 from holyhead to dublin , 2 sailings from pembroke to rosslare and numerous flights from all over the uk . 
  as for less stupid government , it was only three years ago that [ the uk had to bail out the irish government to the tune of # 14bn ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/9813358/british-taxpayers-funded-irelands-14bn-bail-out.html ) which was in addition to the # 7bn we bailed them out with in 2010 as part of an eu financial rescue package . 
  congratulations , you 've posted the figures for each country for their global imports . 
  i was talking about imports from the eu you dumbass . 
  `` spacecadet '' seems to be appropriate for a username for you . 
  we buy as much , if not slightly more , from the rest of the eu as the usa does from the eu in total including from the uk . 
   so how is it that the uk is less constrained by eu rules as an eu member than the nordic countries ? 
  might be something to do with being a $ 2.6 tn economy and the reu 's first or second largest customer with imports roughly equal with the usa . 
  yep . 
  leaving the protectionist eu allows us to trade more freely with the rest of the world . 
  sorry but if those nordic countries are in the eu they can not have a more open economy than the uk because eu rules do n't permit it . 
  that is one of the reasons we wanted out , so we could trade more freely with the rest of the world . 
   is n't this why the brexiters wanted out of the eu , because it was too protectionist , and they wanted to make their own trade deals and get more free trade with asian countries ? 
  exactly but somehow wanting to stem the flow of free moving unskilled workers from the eu we do n't need into the country was seen as us being anti-global . 
   we also live in a more globalised society today , where immigration is n't a scary and alien concept . 
  tell that to the eu . 
  immigration from syria etc seems to be a massive problem to the point where they 're prepared to accept erdogan 's blackmailing to curtail it . 
  then there are eu employment laws which require an employer in the eu to advertise the job in a way that everyone in the eu can see it and can only offer a job to someone outside of the eu once they 've demonstrated they can not find an eu citizen to fill the position . 
  yet strangely britons managed to move and live in countries all over the world prior to the eu . 
   the conditions that are about to be enforced upon us are almost unprecedented . 
  except for the fact that they existed for almost all of our country 's entire history apart from a short 25-30 year period . 
  australia was turning them away 2 years ago . 
  75 % of junior doctors were pissed and many said they were going to leave england . 
  they 're still here , they 've not applied for gmc certificates in any notable numbers . 
   we were n't committing economic suicide by signing maastricht we 're not by leaving the eu except in the minds of the morons . 
  even the experts the remainers loved to quote at every opportunity who were all saying the sky would fall in and there would be serious harmful recession now predict nothing more than a slightly slower growth . 
   48 % of the voting population being extremely annoyed at having their freedoms taken away from them . 
  they 've not had their freedoms taken away from them . 
  you have a uk passport . 
  you can travel to 175 countries visa free . 
  the electorate have said many times that they want an automatic right to stay for anyone already here and that did n't involve having to pay to do it either . 
   the uk would still be fucked - except moreso , because the eu would essentially be rolling out the red carpet for the highly skilled ( who tended to vote remain , and tend to be more liberal ) to live in a country which is n't intent on hurling itself off a cliff . 
  sounds pretty enticing , and pretty devastating for the uk as its educated workforce move to the continent . 
  wo n't happen . 
  if it was going to happen it would have already in any of the almost quarter of a century since we signed maastricht . 
  you 're deluding yourself . 
  [ no idea why it would be given that the uk passport has visa free travel to over 170 countries . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_british_citizens ), 
   what happen now if suddenly we have 16 million people asking for eu citizenship ? 
  it was n't a problem when we had that many people joining from 2000 as more countries were added . 
  if there is a shortage of employees for a particular sector the wage goes up as companies compete for those there are available . 
  when there is a massive labour pool to draw from which negates that shortage then they do n't have to offer anything but the bare minimum . 
  that is why you have tradesmen in london now working for nmw , a third of what their rates would have been 20 years ago . 
   personally i am in favour of high immigration . 
  i have no problem with immigration as long as we get a say in who comes . 
  we do n't need 100,000 s more coming to do unskilled work . 
   i get anjem wants attention and is smart enough to tip toe around the law . 
  apparently not smart enough [ given he was sentenced to 5 and a half years in prison ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/sep/06/anjem-choudary-jailed-for-five-years-and-six-months-for-urging-support-of-isis ) in september . 
   not long ago it was 1.40 to the pound . 
  and the two years prior to that it was hovering around $ 1.20 over an 18 month period from 2013 . 
  in fact from 2009 - mid 2014 it varied between $ 1.15 - $ 1.25 and i do n't recall people being overly concerned . 
  so it is where it was for almost the entirety of 2009-14 when nobody was worried about it ? 
  what information can they provide when even pre-negotiation talks have n't started ? 
  they need to be found and fired . 
  good luck getting a new job when your last one ended because you were put in a position of trust and broke that . 
  are we ? 
  i did n't notice the uk military firing up for a war to extract ourselves from the eu , i thought we were using diplomacy and negotiation ? 
  likewise i did n't notice panzers rolling through the streets of the eu as germany became the dominant nation . 
   i do n't think your legally required to intervene in a fight if you see one . 
  physically intervene , no . 
  but if you stood and watched it , or even worse as is popular today video it for youtube , and you did n't phone the police etc then you face being in trouble yourself . 
  if they were stood there watching or knew what the boy intended to do and did n't try to do anything to stop him , even just phoning the police , then that is an offence in the uk . 
  france ... takes the piss out of the uk , still has double the level of unemployment . 
   lol , fuck off with the backpeddling bro . 
  there 's a typical brexit voter for you lol . 
  if i had a quid for every time i heard `` but we 've not left yet '' from remoaners . 
   indeed , but it 's more than just holding value for 5 minutes too . 
  a light sneeze from anyone regarding brexit makes it bounce about . 
  i 'd certainly not be gambling on it right now . 
  check out its level over 10 years instead of what is effectively in financial markets `` a blink of an eye '' . 
  you 'll find it has been around its current level for quite a deal of that 10 years . 
   ok so an irrelevant statistic . 
  what you should have said was `` small economies exist '' and that 's effectively saying the same thing . 
  we 're placed fifth in the world . 
  that means there are over 170 economies smaller than ours . 
   i note that boris johnson is n't claiming that we 'll be chucking 350m into the nhs anymore either . 
  he never did , he always refuted the claim and technically the message on the bus never said they would either , it merely said `` lets fund the nhs instead '' .
