  it ca n't even keep the lights on , let alone feed itself . 
  the rest of the uk does n't have that problem and londoners would do well to remember that . 
  if anyone was to be in for a shock it would be londoners when they get a taste of what its like to live somewhere where 100 % of everything is imported . 
   but you are willing to screw over london that still means the country as a whole is going to be less well off . 
  we already are thanks to the massive damage the city did to the uk economy in 2008 and subsequent years . 
  quite happy for that to happen to london . 
  let londoners experience the horror of living in a city state which has no external border and produces no goods . 
  we will still get your money , its just that rather than it being through taxation on the city it 'll be by massive increases in prices charged for everything you consume apart from the air you breath . 
   that 's because nothing has happened yet . 
  hm treasury official forecast in may 2016 said that immediately following a leave vote there would be the loss of 500,000 jobs over 2 years and four quarters of negative growth . 
  transaction tax is the one thing likely to keep them in london . 
  i do n't need to , i merely need to look at average income and unemployment statistics . 
  you wo n't sell as many bmws and mercedes in spain , portugal , romania and bulgaria as you will the uk . 
  do n't forget the uk economy is larger than 19 eu countries combined . 
  there may be 450 million people in the eu outside of the uk and germany but it does n't mean that all 450 million have the same spending power . 
  yes . 
  the travel to the kindergarten and clients homes is considered business travel even though it is on a regular predictable basis . 
  you should be careful who you call stupid given your country 's exports to the uk account for over 2 % of romania 's entire gdp . 
  carney is long past his sell by date . 
  he is only still here because his plan to return to canada turned to shit when the result of the canadian election did n't go the way it needed to so he has no job to go back to . 
  ca n't think of any examples , have you got any ? 
  tbh i its the fault of the big 6 supermarkets cutting the price they pay to suppliers rather than currency devaluing . 
  i do n't do the shopping often , usually its the wife . 
  i went a few weeks ago to my local tesco and bought a tub of mushrooms for 60p and could n't believe how low the price was . 
  i swear that a year or so ago they were double that . 
  they were certainly north of # 1 . 
  i 'd rather be in the uk than the failing experiment that is the eu , being ruled by the back door by germany as it slowly asset rapes the alliance . 
  not much they can do about it when its something like mushrooms which can be grown in the uk . 
  different kettle of fish if its something that has patents etc applied but when it comes to native foods there 's not a whole lot that can be done . 
   and in march 2019 the uk will face eu tariffs . 
  or not . 
  nobody knows . 
  the lack of being in the single market or even having a trade agreement at all does n't stop the usa and china doing $ billions of trade per day with the eu ... 
   the eu has all the cards , or better put , more then half of all your customers . 
  the eu counts for less than 50 % of all uk exports and that is falling . 
  only around 10 % of uk businesses export to the eu . 
  the uk will be able to implement it in the next budget , the eu will take 2 years just agreeing the outline for the talks about it . 
   in seriousness you 'd be out of a job on that still either way . 
  nope . 
   you 'd be outcompeted by eastern european drivers in any race to the bottom . 
  no because of cabotage rules plus the additional daily vignette fee they have to pay to use uk roads . 
  if you are right then it would have already happened but it has n't . 
  many uk hauliers tried the eastern european drivers in 2004/5 and it soon became very apparent they ca n't drive for shit and the insurance costs and payouts for damage to vehicles , loads and repairing customers premises outweighed the savings in wages . 
   and if the eu maximum times did n't exist , it would be even worse as then it 's a full on race to the bottom . 
  no it would n't as we 'd have gb domestic regulations . 
   this is a maximum working time lol . 
  and we get run to it . 
  no government did it . 
  eu drivers hours regulations are mandatory throughout the eu . 
  there are only a small number of journeys which are exempt and are thus able to be covered by a country 's domestic regulations . 
  eu drivers hours regulations . 
  agency workers regulations - swedish derogation . 
  eu drivers hours regulations is one i can not wait to go as a truck driver . 
  under eu drivers hours regulations i can legally work a 15hr day , have just 9hrs off and do another 15hr day . 
  if the truck is double manned we can both work 21 out of every 30hrs . 
  the maximum legal working week is 84hrs . 
  under gb domestic regs it was a maximum 11hr working day with a minimum 13hr daily rest period . 
  thanks eu for turning truck drivers into slaves . 
  even the uk factories act limited the working day to 12hrs ** almost 200 years ago **, 
  hyperbole much ? 
  quite sure i could find an extremely small vocal minority in your country to label you as being the same . 
  just look where they are . 
  the greencore factories i 've been to are in hull , just outside of selby , spalding , wisbech , worksop and wales ( south yorkshire ) . 
  spalding , wisbech and kings lynn have a fair few food factories in the local area . 
  yeah great , go learn a new skill at age 40 and then go try find a job as someone who is newly qualified . 
  good luck with that . 
  i got my beng ( hons ) electronics engineering degree at age 43 . 
  i stand zero chance of ever getting employment with it because i have grey hair . 
  hgv driving is pretty much the only one out of that list where you stand a chance due to the fact the average age of truck drivers is over 50 . 
  ask truck drivers if its a myth , we 've witnessed the change first hand over the last decade . 
  stand outside any warehouse such as the amazon or jd sports ones at shift change time and see for yourself . 
  take bakkavor foods in spalding , lincolnshire . 
  i 've been delivering/collecting there as a truck driver for over 20 years . 
  when i first went in there foreign workers were unheard of . 
  you go in now and its spot the brit . 
  literally other than a handful of office staff and management positions the workers are almost exclusively eastern european . 
  its the same story at many of the other food factories i go to throughout the uk . 
  if it was because locals are unwilling to do the jobs then they 'd have had recruitment problems prior to 2004 when labour opened up the floodgates but they did n't . 
  what did occur was a very noticable shift from directly employed british workers to eastern european workers working for employment agencies . 
  most food factories in the uk now you 'll see the workers wearing hi-viz vests with the names of different employment agencies printed on them , in some cases there are so many agency staff at these factories that the agency even have their own office on site . 
  these factories are usually in areas of high unemployment , especially youth unemployment , where the locals have a low standard of education and typically go into low skilled jobs . 
  the jobs they would have gone into historically are now filled by eastern european agency workers . 
  no idea why you think its sad given it is the official employment police of the eu . 
  under eu employment law all eu countries have to prove they have exhausted the entire eu labour market before they 're allowed to advertise the post to non-eu nationals . 
  i can understand where your view comes from given the belief amongst many people in this country , and one commonly posted on reddit , is that we do n't make things any more . 
  we may not make mountains of cheap plastic tat like china but we do a lot of high end stuff , a hell of a lot . 
  for example 8 of the 11 formula 1 teams are based in the uk including the current champions and 2016 championship leaders mercedes . 
  just the budgets of the uk based f1 teams total over $ 2billion on their own . 
  vat , corporation tax on higher sales , fuel duty on the diesel used to move the goods in the uk , income tax on the additional workers required to process the shipments at the ports ... 
  wow , ca n't believe that one of the [ worlds largest manufacturing nations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_sector_composition ) does n't export to china and india ? 
  that 's just incredulous . 
  top exports from the uk to china : * road vehicles * medicinal and pharmaceutical products * power generating machinery / equipment * metalliferous ores and scrap metal * general industrial machinery , equipment and parts with the latter and your comment about british brands , find a country which does n't have something made by jcb and the stuff jcb sells is not cheap . 
  china is our 6th biggest export market and [ the uk is now the second biggest european exporter to china . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/exporting-to-china/exporting-to-china ) uk 's top 10 goods exports to india include : * non ferrous metals ( mainly silver ) * non-metallic mineral manufactures ( mainly gems and jewellery ) * power generating machinery and equipment * metalliferous ores and metal scrap * general industrial machinery and equipment * electrical machinery and appliances * professional , scientific and controlling instruments and apparatus * transport equipment and machinery specialised for particular industries the uk 's main exports in terms of services are : * travel and transport * business services such as consulting and publishing * financial services [ source . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/exporting-to-india/exporting-to-india ), 
  they were there before we joined the eu , they 'll be there when we leave . 
  the uk has been the worlds financial centre for centuries and even without eu trading which is never going to happen , there is still plenty of money being shifted to keep everyone interested . 
  remember that it was only in the last few months the ecb was told that it did n't have the competencies required when it tried to take over some of the financial services from london . 
  if all eu trading ceased the damage is reckoned at # 60bn which going on uk growth in gdp would be recouped in a couple of years making such action a mere blip in our economy . 
  why would we have to abandon 100 % of our agricultural land ?
