  i 'll typically use a litre of adblue every 80-90 miles or so in my 44 tonne truck compared to 400 miles or so per litre a car would use . 
   other countries might be happy with settling to the same deal as you have with them now , but making it a law , signing treaties and so will take time . 
  and in the meantime the same conditions that we have now are likely to continue to be applied . 
  not all banks were bailed out but sufficient were and even out of those who were n't there was real financial damage to our economy paid for via taxation as a result of their actions . 
  but that does n't automatically mean a more polluting output . 
  it all depends on engine load . 
  it is why a bmw m3 following a prius being thrashed around the top gear test track gets better mpg . 
  the prius is spending most of its time wide open throttle to do the speed it is , the bmw m3 is on light acceleration . 
  all other things being equal , mpg is a better indicator because the more fuel you use to travel a distance the more shit you 're throwing out of the exhaust . 
  why would it not be worth it ? 
  there will still be # billions in trade being done , just a bit less with the eu . 
   1,2 millions jobs the vast majority of those are servicing uk domestic markets . 
   11,6 % of your government taxes only 1/3 of that is from eu trade . 
  the rate our economy is growing that amount can be made up in less than a year just by growth . 
  our economy is worth # 2.7 trillion . 
  even if we lost the whole # 60bn it would be more than recovered in a year with our current rate of growth . 
  it also has the largest negative effect which it self inflicts as can be seen in the 2008 recession . 
  however as we 're already seeing , exports of goods could increase meaning more jobs and certainly more jobs in areas where they 're needed . 
  that would mean those areas need less of london 's tax revenue and the population as a whole would be needing to bail out the city less when their next round of fuckups come to fruition . 
  it would if local joe had to ship it abroad . 
  if our manufacturing export economy flourishes then less money is needed for benefits . 
  but the uk can continue to export stuff , there would be no gaps in the market . 
  just because you do n't have an agreement with a country does n't mean you ca n't export there . 
  we do n't have an agreement with the usa , we export # billions of goods there . 
  the situation that we currently have with them would most likely continue to apply until a trade agreement was put in place if those countries even wanted to bother with one and did n't just decide to continue with the status quo . 
   you are vastly overestimating the values of exports from these countries to the uk [ gdp of romania ] ( http://www.focus-economics.com/countries/romania ) was $ 161bn in 2015 . 
  [ romanian exports in the same year to the uk ] ( http://www.thebrc.co.uk/2015-highest-trade-romania-uk-exports/ ) was $ 2.38 bn , 4.3 % of all exports and worth 1.47 % of their total economy . 
  the balance of trade which is in their favour makes us their highest net contributor . 
  if economy a is worth # 100 and economy b is worth # 10000 then even if economy a can see 100 % growth and economy b can only see 1 % growth economy a has only increased by monetary terms the same as economy b has , even though economy b 's has only increased by 1/100th of as in percentage terms . 
  there is still a gaping chasm between them . 
  and the uk will be free to fill the gaps in the market left by the eu as well . 
  difference is we 'll find it easier to do because we wo n't take an eon to get a concensus between 27 other countries on every single point of a proposed treaty . 
  we already have the largest container ships in the world using our ports so long distance transport costs are n't a problem . 
   i do n't see how they would have any benefit on being soft with the uk less harm to both economies so germany still has a good customer in the uk and it does n't have to fund a deep eu recession caused by a bad brexit . 
   it 's southern and western economies that have zero to very slow growth , not eastern eu members . 
  but they have big economies . 
  you can have a lot of growth but 200 % of nothing is still nothing . 
  the uk are taking refugees from the refugee camps surrounding syria , taking those who are the worst off from this conflict . 
  needs applying more to cups from places like starbucks who create far more waste than the amount of paper plates and plastic cutlery sold does . 
  you are aware that project fear refers to the remain campaigners ? 
  do n't read any newspapers . 
  however when it comes to eu voting everyone 's dick is the same size , a point you seem to be unaware of . 
  many of those 19 ant dicks have a vested interest in continuing to keep money flowing from the uk both in goods they sell to the uk and money sent home by their citizens working there . 
  imagine the money taken out of the bulgarian , polish and romanian economies if in retaliation for punitive trade deals the uk decided that imports from those countries got whacked with high tariffs , people from those countries currently living here would have to leave and the additional welfare costs to those countries when those people returned home ? 
   and germany 's gdp is 40 % larger than the uk 's one . 
  it 'll need to be to make up for the shortfall in eu funding when we leave . 
   why would you even single out certain states and not compare the uk to the entire eu ? 
  because individual states get to vote and also have vetos . 
  there are enough of them to form a majority vote if they felt the punishment being meted out to the uk during negotiations was going to harm themselves too much . 
  germany and france seem to forget that they 're not the only countries involved in deciding what agreement is done with the uk . 
  yep . 
  it would still be a member of the g7 , a permanent member of the un security council . 
   certainley not for more than 16 hours a week . 
  why not ? 
  if you 're a single unemployed person renting a flat in inner london you can have a total income from benefits ( jsa , lha , ctb ) more than someone working full time on nmw . 
  have you looked at eu countries where they rank on the [ global firepower ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp ) rankings ? 
   i doubt uk is actually going to leave . 
  you do n't know the british . 
  the more you tell us we 're going to do something the more we will do the opposite even if it is bad for us . 
  the british have a long history of biting back when trapped in a corner and biting back hard . 
  the uk gdp is bigger than that of 19 eu countries put together . 
  10 % most of the time is the level the uk was at the height of the 2008 recession . 
  it is hardly something to use to reinforce your argument . 
  yep it is a numbers game and the uk has an economy larger than 2/3 of the countries of the eu combined and not just including eastern european ones . 
  i think some on this sub forget that . 
  you sure ? 
  seems to have been a lot of grandma porn on xhamster recently ^ or ^ at ^ least ^ that ^ is ^ what ^ a ^ friend ^ told ^ me . 
  there 's an outside ? 
  now i know you 're just trolling . 
  the fact is though that they can . 
  the fact also remains that many regulations cause harm in other countries who do n't want them but have them forced upon them . 
   while the uk does n't want eu citizens in their country anymore why do the majority say that those already here should be given the right to stay ? 
   but currently they 're irrelevant . 
  your government certainly does n't seem to think so . 
  ireland is causing problems for itself . 
   if the british delays alienate just one of the member states enough there might not be a deal at all . 
  sums up everything wrong with the eu when a country like romania or bulgaria can block something beneficial to 27 other member states . 
  i have n't heard a single person talking about it . 
  i 've only read about us apparently being upset on here and usually by someone not even from the uk telling us we are . 
   you will loose your banking passport and a part of your banking activities will relocate to continental europe . 
  a very small part because the eu does not have the technical competency . 
  how many voted remain out of fear ? 
  i reckon quite a lot especially given the level to which project fear operated in the remain campaign . 
   if you ask me we actually do need more integration . 
  someone from an eu country which takes more than it gives and got a fuckton of eu bailout money in the 2008 recession wants more integration shocker . 
  we were told that the economy would suffer from a leave vote being returned . 
  the government said it would be so bad that [ there would have to be an emergency budget . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36534192 ) [ many financial forecasters were predicting things like this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jun/15/brexit-damage-uk-economy-eiu-vote-eu-recession ) in the immediate aftermath of a leave vote . 
  this was just 8 days before the referendum vote . 
   a vote to leave the european union would trigger economic and political convulsions in the uk , plunging the country back into recession and sending the pound sharply lower , a forecasting group has warned . 
    investors would rush to dump uk assets including shares and bonds in the immediate aftermath of voters choosing brexit , according to the economist intelligence unit . 
    the pound would fall 14-15 % against the dollar in the course of this year , unemployment would rise and the uk would risk losing its status as a global financial centre . 
   it 's not really supposed to pay the rent , it 's more to supplement another income source it not only pays my rent but it has enabled me to own 2 houses . 
  i typically earn over # 500 a week which in east yorkshire goes quite far . 
   mmmmh , that does n't sound like something that pays the rent . 
  well i 've been doing it for 23 years . 
  i own two houses and have a five figure bank account . 
  so it most certainly does pay the rent . 
  i 've been on zhcs since 1993 , my wife since 1996 . 
  doing quite well thank you very much .
