  finally we have google and apple who have announced new hqs in the uk despite us being told on the run up to the vote that companies would be queuing up at dover to leave . 
  tl ; dr we had 6 months of being told nothing but doom and gloom followed by 5 months of the complete opposite being what actually happened . 
  and forecast to reach 1.9 % next year , still within the boe 's target . 
  swedish derogation of the agency workers regulations ... oh wait , that 's not right either ... 
  stupid pointless chart . 
  here is why using a share of gdp to measure healthcare spending is stupid . 
  using gdp the uk nhs received its highest annual funding increase ever in [ 2008-9 where it went up roughly 10 % ] ( http://www.nuffieldtrust.org.uk/data-and-charts/uk-health-spending-share-gdp ) as a share of gdp . 
  what actually happened was in that year the amount of money it got in gbp increased around 4 % . 
  so why the big difference ? 
  the uk was in recession , the economy shrank so the amount the nhs got went up disproportionally as a share of gdp . 
  the electorate care about goods and the electorate are who the government need to keep happy . 
  the fact is though that both the mexican fta and the turkish customs union show that it is possible to have trade deals without free movement of people , having to obey eu laws ( other than regulatory for specific goods/services as previously mentioned ) or pay in a load of money like a norwegian style agreement would come with . 
  so if those countries whose economies are nowhere near being 5th in the world nor come close to the amount of trade the uk does with reu can get these deals , why ca n't we have a better one ? 
  is it a given it will ? 
  mexico has a fta agreement , turkey and even andorra are in the customs union . 
   follow eu laws and allow freedom of movement . 
  wo n't be accepted other than the technical regulations required for a particular goods or services sold in the eu which is what we have to do in any market we sell to . 
  but 2015 has been universally accepted as being an abnormally high value . 
  look at the 5 year charts and see for yourself . 
  do n't blame those of us who voted to leave , we wanted a50 triggered 5 months ago . 
  eu is planning on bringing in a harmonised corporate tax and you can bet it 'll be more towards 20 % than 10 % . 
  we 're not losing the single market . 
  we 'll still be trading with the single market it is just that the relationship will change . 
  that is all that is happening , we 're changing a trading deal . 
  the gbp is buying me as many euros as it did in 2013-14 . 
  i was n't complaining about the price of imports back then , nobody was . 
   the talent is not british though . 
  do you know what software houses are in the uk ? 
  play games on your computer/console ? 
  chances are you have several aaa titles that have come from uk software houses . 
  grand theft auto ? 
  british . 
  country 's politicians are only interested in their own country 's best interests shocker . 
  if i was a dane i 'd be expecting my politicians to be wanting the best deal for denmark just as much as i expect british politicians to get the best deal for us . 
  its arguable that the # 9,000,000 leaflet campaign the government ran was illegal . 
  it was certainly against the spirit of the rules . 
   you will get the lions share of britain 's 270k eu migrants per year also . 
  and what jobs are they going to do ? 
  see how long they stay in dublin when that lovely harmonised eu corporation tax comes into being . 
  could be worse , could be greece . 
   the eu 's custom union with turkey only provides for free circulation of some goods and no services . 
  it does n't even provide for visa-free travel . 
  irrelevant , its in a eu customs union as it says on the eu govts own website . 
   it will limit the uk 's ability to do trade deals with the rest of the world . 
  no it wo n't . 
  [ turkey is in a customs union with the eu ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/business/calculation-customs-duties/rules-origin/customs-unions_en ) , its still able to do trade deals with the rest of the world . 
  same for andorra and san marino , the other two countries who are also in a customs union with the eu . 
  we made promises and signed agreements to fund certain things so i ca n't see why this is an issue . 
  if the eu want to offer break payments then thanks but having to honour agreements already made is n't something that should be seen as meaning anything . 
   it is scary how completely under reported this is . 
  its been in the media fairly consistently for over half a year . 
   blocking the border would tell the british part of ni they are not properly british . 
  to be fair the way they act , especially with the whole bollocks around abortion and still doing this crap with enclaves on either side as well as orange marches etc , they 're not and tbh if ni was no longer part of the union i do n't think many would mourn its departure . 
   nobody in france would dare to say something like that about the uk , probably because we just do n't care about how the brits live tho . 
  frenchies on this sub have been telling the british to do all kinds of shit for the past 6 months . 
   the eu is being run at a national level . 
  i must have imagined an eu parliament and commission existed which create regulations and directives that apply to the entire eu . 
  if its been run at a national level then why did we have a referendum because nationally we could have just decided not to do the bits people did n't want . 
  apply it to the uk and it would mean that if a scotsman working in a post office in glasgow was speaking in broad glaswegian , the local dialect , they could be sacked for not speaking queens english because there might be a londoner or even someone from edinburgh who visits or works there that ca n't understand them . 
  this stupid policy is literally just one step off me being able to complain and someone getting fired because i visit a post office in rural france and they do n't speak english so they 're guilty of discrimination . 
  its a bloody ridiculous policy . 
  local dialects exist all over the eu . 
  hell in the uk [ this simple item ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/soft-white-bread-rolls-18162407.jpg ) has at least half a dozen different names for it depending on where you are in the country ; breadcake , breadroll , breadbun , barm , bap and bun are ones i can think of ottomh that its called depending on whereabouts in the uk you are . 
  my french is n't the best but that is what i thought it said . 
  24th june ... http://news.efinancialcareers.com/uk-en/248265/london-banking-redundancies-brexit/ `` you 're looking at anything from 50,000 to 70,000 london finance jobs being moved overseas in the next 12 months , '' predicts one consultant working with one of the top finance strategy firms in the city . 
  `` jobs are going to be cut , and those cuts are going to start next week . '', 
  [ because we were subjected to countless articles like this ] ( http://news.efinancialcareers.com/uk-en/248265/london-banking-redundancies-brexit/ ) from 24th june the day after the referendum ...  if you perchance thought that your london banking job would be safe with britain outside the european union , you were seemingly wrong . 
  consultants working for leading strategy firms in london say banks have activated their contingency plans and that the london job cuts are about to come thick and fast . 
    `` you 're looking at anything from 50,000 to 70,000 london finance jobs being moved overseas in the next 12 months , '' predicts one consultant working with one of the top finance strategy firms in the city . 
  `` jobs are going to be cut , and those cuts are going to start next week . ''   chris wheeler , banking analyst at atlantic equities agrees : `` there are going to be a mass of finance jobs moving out of this country and they 're going to move soon . 
  anyone who thinks j.p. morgan or morgan stanley are going to wait years before moving their thousands of jobs is in cloud cuckoo land . 
  they 'll want to get uncertainty out of the way and to comply as soon as possible . 
  this is the biggest change in london since the big bang . '', 
  with those running the eu it certainly is but at a national level there is less appetite for it . 
  do n't even need to be a qualified grad , you can drive a truck in london for # 30k . 
  yet i went to amsterdam for a weekend ( no , not whore houses or drugs ) and did n't come across a single person who could n't speak english . 
  the only dutch person i came across who could n't speak much english when i used to do work for mammoet was in his 60s . 
  there was two dutch truck drivers who were a bit embarrassing though as they thought that we said fuck every other word so they 'd be there in the motorway services swearing like a soldier and not quietly either . 
  most of poland 's english speaking population is here in the uk so if they all returned home then the claim would be correct . 
  being a mature student one of my games was engaging with the various political campaigners and seeing how long it took me to destroy their own arguments with their own answers . 
  you usually found that other than the headlines on the leaflets and the banners they did n't actually know what they were talking about yet they 're the very same people who will claim that all brexiters were uneducated . 
  you do know that this is a document from a think tank , not the government ? 
  luxembourg though is rich so their 0.44 % is worth more monetarily than romania 's 2 % . 
   for their history altering catastrophic ineptitude in giving the russians the bomb in the first place !, 
  so it was n't because the russians captured german jewish scientists working on the bomb for hitler then ? 
  i 'm so glad the irishmen i know are n't as cuntish as you lot are . 
  i have no problem with foreigners , in fact the only person who seems to have in this conversation is you . 
  someone calling it by its native name has less than positive attitudes ? 
  right ok then . 
  most people find foreigners making an attempt to use their native tongue a sign of respect . 
  ninja edit : i like ireland , its just a shame that the country seems to have more than its fair share of arseholes like you . 
  i did n't say you live in dublin , i said you live in ireland . 
  i call it eire because that is what it is also called . 
   the country is called ireland , not eire [ it is called eire in your country 's native tongue ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89ire ) and on a world map where country names are displayed in their native languages it will be displayed as eire the same as germany is displayed as deutschland . 
  how the fuck does someone have so little knowledge of their own country ? 
  probably because that is where you live so that is the basis of your point of view . 
  i 've visited eire as part of my job and to me it appeared to be at least culturally 20 years behind england in the way you did stuff , it reminded me of what my time growing up as a kid in the 70s was like . 
  the police i had to work with would n't have been out of place in life on mars . 
  / u/unlinkedusername 's post [ highlights some other issues that making infrastructure changes can not address ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5cq6xx/citi_to_move_900_staff_to_dublin/d9ykapl/ ) and is why keeping people from those companies in dublin is going to be an issue . 
  this is a point that people do n't understand when they 're saying `` well they can just move to x , y or z. '',
