  it never said `` lets spend # 350m a week on the nhs instead . '', 
   just as a side note , you know that when you say `` project fear '' it just makes you look stupid right ? 
  well that is what it was and is it any worse than the shite remoaners spout ? 
   since that was effectively a name for anyone that did n't say `` we 'll be great after voting brexit '' no , it was a thing applied to claims made that were so outrageous it was beyond belief . 
   `` project fear '' is already more right than anything said by the leave campaign . 
  so you 'll be able to tell me what was claimed that has come to pass then . 
  there were plenty of claims of doom and gloom from the remain camp sold as project fear so you 'll be able to list say , five things that have happened . 
   our economy is n't particularly stable anymore actually it is . 
  the economy is more than just the gbp : usd or gbp : eur . 
   it 's far from certain we 'll maintain that outside of the eu . 
  all those who predicted a recession now no longer say there will be one . 
   where the hell did you get that statistic from ? 
  looking at the individual gdps of eu nations , ordering the list of least to most and stopping adding up when the total came to the equivalent of the uk 's gdp . 
  the total gdp of 19 countries was the number needed . 
  germany is the only country in the eu which has a gdp consistently higher than ours . 
  france occassionally does depending on the value of the gbp but it took a 16 % hit in the gbp for france to take our second spot . 
   unless what you mean is that the bottom eu countries combined have a lower gdp than us , which i 'd say was potentially possible , but an irrelevant statistic since they trade as a block . 
  you may want to look at the list . 
  it does n't just include former eastern european countries . 
   by which you mean `` nobody i believe has shown that '' . 
  no , i actually mean those who were peddling the project fear line predicting a recession as well . 
  every single one of them has now said there will be no recession . 
  the predictions were made the day after the leave vote was announced and before there was any hint of a50 being triggered . 
   again though , that predicted loss was based on the assumption we would leave immediately . 
  no it was n't . 
  the predicted loss was actually announced the day after the result of the vote to leave and before there was any announcement of when a50 would be triggered . 
   hahahahaha . 
  they are here because it 's relatively cheap and there 's a customer base , not toe mention that they basically do n't have to pay tax . 
  and in that one paragraph you 've just confirmed that you 're just another leftie who does n't actually know wtf you 're talking about , pretty much par for the course for remoaners . 
   city jobs are rising at a significantly lower rate than expected . 
  however they 're still rising compared to a predicted loss of up to 70,000 . 
   they 'll use us for the same reason we outsource call centres to india . 
  it 's cheap . 
  apple , google and microsoft are here for the talent . 
  nissan is staying partly due to the fact that the sunderland plant is one of the best producing ones in their entire company . 
  even with the gbp as it is the uk is far from cheap labour . 
   a lot of you brexit guys seem to have this notion that we 're insanely relevant and countries will be falling over themselves to give us what we want at their own detriment , just because we 're the uk no , because we 're a g7 country , fifth richest nation in the world with a stable economy that is one of the faster growing ones . 
   there 's really very little we can offer that they ca n't get elsewhere . 
  our gdp is more than 2/3 of the eu countries combined and we have some damned good sectors in this country where we 're either world leading or not far off . 
  all the important development in graphene for example is happening in the uk . 
   we 're going to nuke our own economy nobody who has produced any serious figures have shown that . 
  if they have perhaps you can come up with figures more than a couple of percentage points in growth reduction . 
  bonus points for any that now predict a recession from any credible economists . 
  the economy is also performing infinitely better than was predicted . 
  the remain campaign had some real howlers but nobody seems to have wanted to acknowledge those . 
  i actually got to the point where i thought that every mp in the remain campaign should have been sacked because they had absolutely no pride in the country they claimed they wanted to represent and painted a picture that the only reason we were n't like somalia or nigeria is because the eu was there to save us . 
  it worries me now that so many of those who were talking this country down are now in positions of influence in our negotiations to leave and i fully expect to get a shittier deal than we could have because of that because their heart is n't in it for fighting our corner and they 'll just go \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af `` well we tried but that 's the best they 'd offer '' and roll over at the first sign of resistance . 
  we were told some of the effects would happen merely as a result of a vote to leave . 
  we were told nissan would leave with the loss of 100,000 jobs in the ne but its announced it will not only stay but build two new models there . 
  we were told nobody would be interested in investing in the uk after a vote to leave but apple , google and microsoft have announced investment in the country . 
  we were told 50-70 ,000 jobs in the city were to have gone within 12 months of the vote to leave , so far not only is there no sign of that happening yet but the number of jobs in the city continues to rise . 
  undoubtedly some city jobs will go but given that around 95 % of business the city does is uk domestic and non-eu , none of which needs eu passporting , it wo n't be a lot . 
  i 'm waiting for the inevitable `` but we have n't left yet '' . 
  ah the old `` only happy when i see the uk burn '' view of a salty remoaner . 
   unemployment was going down too . 
  but yeah , why would they care about what the experts have to say ? 
  since we voted to leave gdp growth increased faster and unemployment is at an 11 year low , the number of people in employment is at a historic high . 
  consumer confidence is at the highest level for 14 years . 
   have to comply with eu law . 
  only for goods and services sold within the eu which is no different than we have to do with goods and services sold to china , the usa or any other country in the world . 
   who ever claimed the eu was just about trade ? 
  [ have a read of this . 
  ] ( http://www.harvard-digital.co.uk/euro/pamphlet.htm ) it is what was sent to every household in the uk in 1975 . 
  the overall message sent is that we were joining a trading bloc . 
  you 'd be surprised at how many remoaners assume that leave voters thought we could keep what you perceived as advantages or were even interested in them in the first place . 
   what 's the difference between us putting boat people on a pacific island , and paying 500,000 a year for it , and the uk building a wall at calais and saying ` not my problem ' ? 
  those migrants are already in a safe first world country where they can claim asylum . 
  none at all . 
  three have always had the best data plans . 
  it really is flat on three . 
  only limits are 30gb per month for tethering and 30gb when using it in one of the 42 countries on their `` at home '' scheme . 
  price for uk is wrong . 
  my wife is on unlimited data from three for under $ 28 a month . 
   polish being murdered left and right etc are they ? 
  you 'll be able to provide links to the press reporting on all these murders then . 
  at least the uk do n't imprison illegal migrants to an island in the middle of the pacific . 
  only because it is 29 countries combined . 
  the uk has the second largest economy in the eu and is larger than 19 of the other 28 countries combined . 
  if the uk was so pathetic economically wise the eu would n't be so worried about us leaving and the euro would n't have tanked in june . 
  the guy is a fucking `` woe is me '' piece of shit who believes anything they 're told and overreacts like someone with a mental disorder . 
   c ) why are british people getting treated special again ? 
  eu 's second largest economy , large export market , good growth , all those things which many brit redditors seem to be unaware of . 
  racist as fuck , has censorship laws as bad/worse than the uk , cost of living is horrific . 
  well its nice to know how bothered you are about the internet censorship given it has been reported on for over 2 years but you seem to have only heard about it this week . 
  it quite clearly is n't that important . 
  and ...  the cost of university is enough for me to not want to raise a child here . 
  it is free at the point of use , the repayments work like a graduate tax . 
  maybe if you left the average iq of the uk would be raised a few points given you appear to be both uninformed and a bit stupid . 
   i can not see a single reason to stay . 
  worlds fifth biggest economy , very stable country , good democracy , very low unemployment , good growth ... 
  18 months, 
  the number who say they will and who actually will go through with it are an entirely different thing . 
  6,000 uk doctors applied for a gmc certificate required so they could practice abroad , barely 1/10th of them actually used it . 
  do some research on edward snowdens leaks about what the us nsa and fbi have been doing . 
   compared to the rest of the free western world , it does . 
  what countries ? 
  certainly not any worse than the usa and we have n't banned the burkha like france . 
   which leaves the question : what is happening to the average briton to make him buy more ? 
  quite simply all the bullshit that project fear used during the referendum campaign has not happened and in fact the opposite has been the case so confidence has returned . 
  we 've had even higher growth where we should have had an immediate recession following the vote , the number of jobs has increased 400,000 when we were told there would be a drop of half a million with 50-70 ,000 leaving the city within 12 months of the referendum result , and companies like nissan , who we were told would leave along with 100,000 jobs are not only staying but investing in the uk .
