  worthless as in back to where it was against the euro from 2009-2014 when nobody was complaining about the value of the gbp ? 
   why has the uk underperformed every other european country except for itsly and greece over the last two decades ? 
  one of the lowest rates of unemployment in the g20 , one of the fastest rates of growth in the g20 . 
   go look up gdp per capita ppp , the uk is now 10-15 % poorer than any other western or northern european country . 
  if its so shit why do over 400,000 europeans want to come to live and work here every year ? 
  the chancellor stated after the result that there would be a need for an emergency budget . 
   well when the leave campaign claims that they are instantly gaining 350m a week to give the the nhs no , that was something the remain campaign decided the wording meant . 
  still waiting for the recession that we were told we 'd have . 
  it was pointed out by pretty much everyone on both sides of the campaign that a leave vote would mean leaving the single market . 
  south sudan is a failed state , hardly the best example . 
  david cameron stood up in january 2013 and said there would be an in out eu referendum early in the next parliament . 
  despite knowing that scotland voted to remain part of the uk . 
  so stop fucking whining . 
  in january 2013 , the year before the scottish independence referendum [ david cameron promised an in/out eu referendum at the beginning of the next parliament . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21148282 ) so the scots voted to stay in the uk knowing that there was going to be an eu in/out referendum before 2017 and that being in the uk they would be subject to the result . 
  like i said , the scots chose which bed to lie in in 2014 so they can hardly complain in 2016 because the prime minister promised to do what he said he would do in 2013 . 
   lloyds of london will move 50 of its 821 jobs to europe in order to make sure it can continue to hold the eu financial passport . 
  omg its moving 5 % of its staff so it can continue to do stuff in london but filter through an outbased office in reu ... the world will end ...  the rivington biscuits company -- which makes pink panther wafers -- went bankrupt with the loss of 100 jobs . 
  the company 's administrator cited `` the sharp decline in the value of the pound against the euro '' following the eu referendum in june . 
  spiralling costs were too much for the firm . 
  no , that 's because they made stuff that nobody really bought . 
  do n't ever recall seeing a pink panther wafer , could n't tell you what one looks like or tastes like . 
   and the japanese banks held a meeting with chancellor philip hammond in which they told him they might move up to 5,000 jobs to the eu if britain could n't find a way to retain its eu credentials . 
  `` it 's fairly binary for them : they either have access to their markets or they do n't have access , '' hammond said . 
  seems lloyds of london have given a good example of how to manage to do that . 
   to hear the leavers tell it , britain is about to embark on a glorious future of worldwide free trade . 
  it is . 
  we 'll actually be able to make more beneficial trade deals and in some cases succeed in making deals where the eu has proven an inability to . 
   the eu will be forced to deal with us because we 'll just be so great at everything once our eu shackles are off . 
  no , they 'll be forced to because we 're their largest export market . 
   there are banks wondering if it is worth staying in a country that wo n't be able to clear euro-currency trades . 
  rubbish because over 90 % of their trade is uk domestic and non-eu so has nothing to do with an ability to clear euro-currency trades . 
  [ the loss of euro-clearance may never even happen ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/e7b6a752-3dec-11e6-8716-a4a71e8140b0 ) especially when you consider that currently even the usa can clear euro-currency trades . 
   we kinda got dragged into this by the rest of the uk . 
  absolute crap . 
  you chose which bed to lie in a few years ago when you had an independence referendum . 
  even if you left the uk you would have to apply to join and as has been demonstrated this week now that holyrood is able to set its own rates of tax , scotland standing on its own without westminster 's money is going to be a more expensive place to live in . 
  they do when that member happens to be the second highest funder of your club and it leaving is going to leave a massive hole in your finances . 
  indeed it is . 
  australia managed to do a trade deal with the usa in 18 months , the eu could n't manage it in 18 years . 
   just because you narrowly won your little popularity contest does n't mean that i have to disagree with your retarded ideas . 
  so you agree with the leave campaign ideas ? 
  why did you vote to remain then ? 
  no they 're not . 
  if you lived through the cold war like i did the russia of today is nothing in comparison to what it was when it was the ussr . 
  china and russia are n't bogeymen to me . 
   because nobody claimed lidl or other companies will stop investing in the uk . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jun/28/richard-branson-investors-pulling-out-of-uk-after-brexit-vote http://www.express.co.uk/finance/city/681955/french-businesses-threaten-to-pull-jobs-and-investment-if-we-vote-leave and there 's plenty more . 
  one of project fears main lines was that nobody would be interested in investing in the uk and companies would be queuing up at dover to leave . 
  in every referendum debate companies stopping investing in the uk was something that was stated by remain representatives . 
   they are moving their uk hq from one part of london to another . 
  with more jobs . 
  what i like about lidl is it stocks different food from the local tesco which seems to have been selling the same crap for a decade . 
  there 's some real gems there . 
  hope the net contributors are happy funding another poor eastern european nation . 
  per capita its twice as poor as romania . 
  the eu have just this week given them $ 80m to help them sort their administration out . 
  the majority of us who voted to leave are still 6 months later having to put up with the incessant whining of those who voted to remain . 
  i would if they reciprocated but they do n't so fuck em . 
   it would be a dumb idea to discuss your points and interests with said party being present . 
  yet that is exactly what the remoaners and press in the uk want our government to do . 
  do n't worry romania . 
  serbia will be joining the eu soon and they 're twice as poor as you . 
   a welfare system can crumble in weeks when the wider economy tanks . 
  look at ex-communist countries and more recently greece for reference . 
  worlds fifth largest economy , one of the fastest growing in the g7 . 
  something which has never happened both before and during our time in the eu . 
  when the uk government merely hinted that they would be used as pawns in negotiations there was uproar . 
  the vote leave campaign gave a reassurance throughout the campaign they would be allowed to stay regardless . 
  in july when the govt expressed that it would be wrong to give a guarantee without a similar one from the eu [ the labour party put in a house of commons motion asking for a rethink which passed with 245 votes for and only 2 votes against ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-36730222 ) with even boris johnson voting against the governments stance . 
  so serbia is n't even in the eu and its already getting a taste of that lovely eu grant money . 
  thank god we 're leaving and wo n't have to fund another poor former ussr nation . 
  serbia has a population 1/3 of romania but a gdp of just 1/6th of romanias . 
  as the expansionist empire building eu moves further east the countries it 'll keep adding will be nothing but a further drain on the net contributors . 
  good luck germany , netherlands , france , italy , sweden , belgium , denmark , austria , luxembourg and finland . 
  i hope your economies grow enough to pay for this . 
  except the postman was the last in a chain . 
  it went through several automated letter sorting depots where they employ humans to deal with stuff like this . 
  the royal mail never ever turn back cards like this . 
  if its posted they 'll do their damndest to try and get it to its destination . 
  love to see the italian postal system manage that . 
  they ca n't even do it if you give them exact gps coordinates . 
  well the government tried `` to take appropriate measures to protect final customers '' but the nimbys and anti-nuclear brigade held everything up . 
  i 'm seeing alternative fuel source micro generating power plants being put up all over the shop which run on rubbish amongst other things . 
  [ one is near to completion at the side of the a1m a few miles south of boroughbridge in north yorkshire ] ( http://wasteservices.amey.co.uk/where-we-work/north-yorkshire/ ) which generate 28mwh from waste , [ another one is part way through construction in the city of kingston upon hull ] ( http://www.power-technology.com/projects/energy-works-power-plant-project-hull/ ) , again which will burn waste to generate 25mw . 
  [ near my own small rural town is a bio-gas one that runs on waste food and straw ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-humber-13084304 ) and produces enough energy to power roughly 75 % of the town . 
  whilst each of them is nowhere near the scale of a traditional power station they certainly contribute considerably to meeting domestic household demand as well as having the advantage of massively reducing the amount of non-recyclable rubbish that gets put in the ground typically in the order of 90 % . 
  do n't worry , you have majority public support for this . 
  omg we 'd have to accept eu regulations on the goods and services we sell to the eu just the same as any business who sells goods and services to any country in the world has to abide by the regulations that apply to those goods and services in that country . 
  why do people like you keep on banging on about having to accept regulations for stuff we sell to the eu when this is a perfectly normal part of international trade ? 
  eu car makers for example have to abide by us vehicle , lighting , safety and emissions standards when selling their cars in america which is why porsche 911s sold in the usa had those fucking stupid big rubber bumpers on . 
   so now billions in funding will depend on whims of various governments , wonderful . 
  no different to depending on the whims of brussels . 
  well no , that 's not true as we as voters actually have a greater influence on our mps than we do on the eu commission/parliament . 
   a warm house to sleep in , food on the table every day and passable healthcare are a hell of a lot to lose . 
  the uk welfare system provides that . 
   what happens after 2020 ? 
  depends on the new government as there is a ge in 2020 which is the reason that is the date mentioned . 
   also i remember a london school of economics report that found that immigration had next to no correlation with things like unemployment or lower wages . 
  that is the case overall but it certainly is n't universal throughout the uk or in all areas .
