  but we were told companies would start leaving just after the result was returned , that we would be having an emergency budget . 
   your jobs can be at huge risk the areas that returned the highest leave vote also were those with high unemployment and a large number of eastern europeans doing unskilled work in factories for employment agencies . 
  for those voters they did n't care because they did n't have any jobs to lose in the first place . 
  however given that following the vote uk employment has risen to record levels is it a given that we will lose jobs ? 
  we could double unemployment which would take it to the highest level in our history and we 'd still be comparable to france 's unemployment figures this year . 
   many of the things here used to argue for the law seem to be physical actions that are already crimes . 
  welcome to the uk where the government create a new law when the public start complaining about something when we already have a law in place to deal with it which the police do n't enforce just so they can be seen to be doing something about it . 
  no , uk law is based on case law . 
   yes but we are not alone here , same things happens in belgiium , in spain , in germany , in holland , in danmark , in sweden . 
  but not in the uk and you said we 're the worst . 
  at least we do n't tell our women what they can and ca n't wear . 
  as for the terrorism france is experiencing more islamic terrorism in one year than we have in a decade . 
   who is right now having a surge of hate crimes , with poles being killed , beaten , insulted on a daily basis ? 
  sangatte . 
   we just do not tolerate extremists . 
  you 've given homes to thousands . 
  they 're bombing your cities and shooting your people . 
  the logistics are already being put in place and have been for a very long time . 
  there was a reason the british army in 1990 started moving from the very fucking useful 7.62 calibre round in their assault rifles to the pathetic waste of time 5.56 round and a magazine type interchangeable with other weapons from other countries , notably the m16 . 
  but they can pay it back . 
  they own the currency the debt is issued in so they could literally one day print a $ 16tn bill and repay the debt . 
  that is the advantage of being in charge of your own currency . 
  who gives a flying fuck as long as there are n't tariffs ? 
  if i 'm the company who make and deliver the pizzas why do i need to give a shit that i ca n't play on your xbox ? 
  if that happens it is because of the decisions of the eu , not the uk . 
  it wo n't be the uk 's fault they can implement a ct cut quicker than the eu parliament can even agree on the format of talks about one . 
  so given the eu has closed its borders to everyone from outside the eu are you going to close your borders to the rest of the eu ? 
   we should be all equals in europe unless you 're a muslim or a woman in france and then you 'll be told what you can and can not wear . 
  regressive says the person who supports a system that discriminates against non-eu citizens like the bnp wanted the uk system to . 
  why would we want to ? 
  the uk has the highest number of countries in the world our passport can be used to enter visa free . 
  it has no value . 
  if 1 person was and it increased to 2 then that is a 100 % increase but out of a population of 65 million its insignificant . 
  its misleading stats designed to create a headline about nothing . 
  and applying , not actually leaving and moving there . 
   uk manufactures still have to follow eu regulations if they want to export there products . 
  no different to germany following us regulations if they sell cars in the usa . 
  you say this as if it is something that is n't already done worldwide . 
  as opposed to remain ? 
  when is ww3 happening ? 
  i hope so . 
  it would be great to see your economy do really well . 
   with big tariffs and taxes for everyone who wants to make business with the eu from outside of it . 
  wto rules put a cap on that . 
   imagine you 're a ( genuinely ) persecuted refugee . 
  what if you have a better chance of being safe because the new country 's asylum system is more likely to accept that you 're persecuted ? 
  this is the eu , the rules are the same throughout all 28 member states . 
   it 's no evidence at all that someone would be safe in his home country however they were perfectly safe in the first eu state they landed in . 
   trade deficit to the eu shows that britain is reliant on eu for goods . 
  where is britain going to get these goods ? 
  the eu . 
  do you think they 're going to stop selling to us ? 
   eu expats did nothing wrong to you , yet you collectively went on a hissy fit and demanded they gtfo as soon as possible . 
  did we ? 
  other than the usual far right wing groups who 've always said it the vast majority of the populations view is that those already here should be given the right to stay here if they want to to the point it is the line that the government is going to take . 
   we can finally make descisions that will limit the power of the banks given how the eu wants to take banking from london do you think that is going to happen ? 
  once you choose to move on from the first safe country you get to in order to improve your life you 're no longer an asylum seeker but an economic migrant . 
  huh ? 
  we run a trade deficit and the percentage of our exports to the eu vs rest of world is declining . 
   britain still thinks they are better than the rest small island nation who is a permanent member of the un security council , a g7 member , worlds fifth richest economy with a gdp more than the combined gdps of 19 eu nations , worlds fifth most powerful military . 
  out of all of the other 27 nations in the eu only france and germany compare . 
  you do realise how much of a bill that france , germany and italy are going to get as they have to compensate for the missing $ billions the uk contributes to the eu ? 
  every time a new country was added that say got diluted even more . 
   why , do you have any shame to spare ? 
  yes unlike the greeks . 
  how big was the handout your bankrupt country was given this week ? 
  if only there was this repository of information where such things could be found . 
  a network of all information known to humanity available to everyone internationally . 
  you could even give it a name like international network . 
  not that i 'd need it because i went to school at a time where you learnt what the native names were for places like deutschland and osterreich and norge because when you looked at a globe of the world that is what they had with the english version usually in brackets below . 
  why is it a problem ? 
  many people refer to holland as the netherlands and vice versa and nobody gives two fucks . 
   how many people on r/europe have ever heard of the word eire ? 
  i would hope that a great deal of them have . 
  because its already on a knife edge when it comes to balancing the economy especially in the light of falling oil revenue and dropping ct by 40 % or more means less income for the scottish treasury . 
   so why do you refer to ireland by it 's gaelic name here ? 
  to distinguish between ireland and northern ireland given that some seem incapable of knowing you 're meaning an entirely different country . 
  you 'll still be ruled by rich cunts , just ones in holyrood . 
   it 's only hope is to fly on it 's own now and do what ireland did by finding a niche for itself . 
  scotland ca n't afford to drop its corporation tax that low and some of the preferential tax rates given to companies like apple in eire have been deemed illegal . 
   but i am loosing money are you ? 
  sure about that ? 
   people are losing money , jobs are being put at risk . 
  i do n't know of anyone outside of a small section of research scientists who are experiencing either of those situations happening . 
  otoh there are a record number of people in work and wages have gone up again this year . 
  have you lost your job or had a pay cut yet ? 
   the statistics do not back you up on that , however . 
  i can personally take you around a tour of food factories in the uk and you will be left without any doubt that / u/perkel666 's comment is 100 % correct . 
  well the usa is wanting to do a trade deal with us and we 're likely to have one in place before the eu does at the rate the eu talks are going . 
  just to counter generation snowflakes whining ... 2014 [ uk pensioner poverty amongst the worst in eu . 
  ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/527544/british-pensioner-poverty-eu-worst ) 2012 : [ british pensioners are among europe 's poorest , with more than two million older people at risk of poverty . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/money/pensions/more-than-1-in-5-british-pensioners-at-risk-of-poverty-7827985.html ) 2009 [ uk elderly fourth poorest in europe . 
  ] ( http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/pensions/article-1678627/pension-poverty-uk-among-europes-worst.html ) i could go back every year for the last 30 years and see the same kinds of articles . 
   david davis are you sure you 're talking about the right mp ? 
  david davis is well respected . 
  there is a david davies mp as well . 
  so did remain . 
  where is our emergency budget ? 
  when is ww3 starting ? 
  why are several countries announcing they want to do a fta with us when remainers said nobody would ?
