  if there are many and more people and opinions involved you may paint your own picture . 
  it 's really difficult to find a way to deradicalise them without patronizing them . 
  but if you can create an environment for coming generations to make up their own mind about what islam stands for , then eventually they will become the leaders , imams and intellectuals and can literally `` preach downward '' . 
  i usually take everyone seriously , but thanks for the heads up , 
   it 's not arbitrary , it 's scientific . 
  there is [ no scientific definition ] ( http://www.universetoday.com/72611/what-is-a-continent/ ) for `` a continent '' it simply is n't there . 
  there is a historical definition of it , but that 's it . 
   there is an european culture . 
  i would n't say there is an overarching european culture . 
  the differences in each country and region in europe are quite big and the cultures are more closely related to their neighbours than to other european countries . 
  the balkans for example are more closely related amongst each other than to , say britain or sweden . 
  you seem to define yourself over a definition you apparently feel is superior to others and your narrative is playing the victim-card , `` i ca n't say anything without being called a racist '' . 
  you abuse terms like `` scientific '' to give your arguments more value without providing any kind of additional value to what you are saying . 
  you are white and from europe , that 's good for you . 
   i was saying that christians that radical simply do n't exist in germany outside of the mental spectrum . 
  that 's a very , very wrong statement . 
  your prove of the non-existence of them is anecdotal at best . 
  there surely are extremist christians in germany that are sane and that would turn to violence if they had broader support . 
  there was a real issue with a german [ ku klux clan ] ( http://www.deutschlandfunk.de/rechtsextreme-der-ku-klux-klan-in-baden-wuerttemberg.862.de.html?dram:article_id=325747 ) that was even involved in the whole nsu disaster . 
  now the person in question here seems to be mentally confused at the very least and an outlier in any case , but to say it 's non-existent is simply playing the issue down . 
  with the recent rhetoric of pegida and the likes , gaining support it is not far fetched to believe christian or right-wing extremism may rise and that 's a dangerous prospect to me . 
  yes absolutely . 
  but it 's not going to help to throw around numbers that do n't have much basis to them . 
  the only reliable numbers we currently have is that of 300k asylum applications by the end of october . 
  i am sure our authorities do everything possible to raise reliable numbers . 
  everyone else just seems to have an agenda and news agencies are kind of reliant on breaking news nowadays so they will print anything even remotely substantial without really questioning it . 
  the reality lies somewhere in between the two numbers i am sure . 
  well `` usually '' that 's what 's being done , the thing is that now we have an influx that is not possible to be processed by one state , so they really want to distribute the people asap with as little delay as possible . 
  identification can be difficult if the people do n't cooperate or you do n't have enough translators etc. 
  this whole situation just overwhelmed a lot of capacities we have so most things ca n't really be handled as it would usually be the case . 
   my understanding was that a registration included fingerprinting and so forth that 's not the case when they first arrive . 
  they will just get registered really quickly in the state they arrive in and then get redistributed to other states ( usually within days ) . 
  the double counting was just a guess by me , the agency responsible already said this could happen , as , again the first identification process is not that thorough and the different states do n't necessarily communicate and cooperate all that well with each other . 
  i do n't enjoy paying taxes for criminals of christian religion and german descent , neither do i enjoy paying taxes for criminals of muslim religion and syrian descent . 
  there is no reason to generalize an entire bunch of people because of a few outliers . 
  i know enough about islam and muslims to make my own judgement thank you very much . 
  not a single muslim has ever tried to convert me or shown me any disfavours based on my religion or the lack thereof , i ca n't say the same thing about christians . 
  sure there are rapists , criminals and extremists among these refugees , but that 's not exclusive nor dominant in this group of people . 
  this is such bigoted bullshit i heard for the millionth time already after someone ran out of other buzzwords about economic disaster or social destruction . 
  i am sorry but your view on these people is just wrong , no way around it . 
  i feel really disappointed in our society that simply failed to realize we are repeating our mistakes over and over and over and over again . 
  in the 1800 's it was the french we hated , in the 1900 's it was the jews we hated , in the 1950 's it was the eastern europeans and russians we hated and today it 's the muslims we hate . 
  every single time we realized that our bigoted hatred is going to lead to nothing else than destruction , death and misfortune and yet , here we are again . 
  i can just hope that eventually the majority of people turns around and stops with unprecedented hatred towards foreigners and everything different . 
  but we have a long way to go until then it seems . 
  the government ? 
  and who pays the government ? 
  everyone paying taxes . 
  you should really educate yourself on economics if you have to ask these kinds of questions ... 
  again , basic economy . 
  more people means more jobs created even if they do n't work themselves . 
  you will have to have more teachers for more kids , more policemen for bigger cities , more trashmen , train drivers , etc. 
  these people will be integrated into the workforce as best as we can and they might open businesses themselves . 
  i really am surprised at how many people think there is a limited amount of jobs available in any country that have to be filled an when they are full everyone else goes unemployed ... 
  yeah , but that number does not at all fit into anything the official source says . 
  officially ~ 160k arrived in september , the article talks about 400k in 40 days ( the article talks about 05 . 
  september - 15 . october ) that would be a ~ 150 % increase . 
  from august to september we had a 33 % increase . 
  i just heavily doubt the numbers they are putting out . 
  i never said it is used to boost the economy in this case ( although it is used to do exactly that , see ezb lowering interest rates and buying state loans ) . 
  if you want your economy to grow you ( as a state ) give money to the people for them to spend on other stuff so companies can grow/survive and in return fund you over the years with tax revenue . 
  it 's basic economics really . 
  and those are still the numbers of the official agency of the german government processing all refugees in germany . 
  i translated the important parts of the piece [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nyas3/bamf_releases_official_numbers_on_refugees_in/cvsb98b ) one thing to note though . 
  the 300k figure is for `` processed '' refugees , not arrived . 
  the arrived figures are raised via a computer program called easy ( also talked about in this article ) and estimate 577k refugees to have entered the country until october 1st . 
   a refugee in northern europe costs about 13.000 up to 30.000 euros per year . 
  guess where this money is going . 
  i see it as a government subsidy to the german internal economy . 
  also no one ever said this is not going to cost us anything , it is just not going to destroy the entire german economy as many people on here seem to assume . 
   things like schools , security etc will rapidly decline . 
  i would expect the exact opposite . 
  these things are going to be focused on excessively with the refugees . 
  there will be more policemen , more teachers and more social housing ( benefiting the poor as well ) . 
  all in return again increasing our domestic economy . 
  that 's registered asylum applications ( which the article is misleadingly talking about ) it also says around 160.000 arrived in september ( registered with the easy-system , also mentioned in the article ) , but bamf itself says these numbers are heavily unreliable due to the process used . 
  all in all i think the article is misleading and incorrect . 
  it may be they are counting many refugees twice because they are initially recorded in , say bavaria and then again registered in berlin ( where they actually have to stay ) after redistribution . 
  they specifically mention that these statistics come from the states and not the central federal agency . 
  honecker also said the wall will never fall . 
   the wall will still be standing in 50 and even in 100 years comment is from january 1989, 
  as a german it is really nothing new to be associated with war crimes or the holocaust , that have absolutely no meaning in the context on the topic at all . 
  [ just a recent example ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7haf6at.jpg ), 
  just look at the stabilizer at the back , it covers the whole broadside of the fuselage , this is not the same model of drone for sure . 
  also the wings seem to be separated in the russian/ukrainian model vs a one piece wing in the downed drone . 
  it looks like the model [ posted prior ] ( http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/security-service-of-ukraine-drone-shot-down-by-ukrainian-special-operation-units-is-russian-350048.html ) , but the two pictures off twitter have not much in common . 
  i 'm gon na say the same thing i said plenty of times , yea they might just be talking shit . 
  but you have no grounds to assume they did , just because they are the ones saying it . 
  if this was a couple of patients from a hospital everyone would be `` fuck that hospital they do n't feed them properly and clean the toilets , there is too much breeding ground for disease there '' etc. 
   i 've personally gone 4 months eating the same exact meal every day and i was in perfect health . 
  if the meal has everything you need , it 's not a problem . 
  yea , not disputing that . 
  but we both do n't know if their diet `` has everything they need '' also , different people need different things , especially children vs. adults/elderly . 
  not saying they will die the next week if they do n't have more variation in meals , it 's just a concern they have and i do n't see a single reason it should n't be heard . 
   with your logic the only bathroom that would ever be cleaned is the ones that are only ever used by 1 person . 
  well it 's a `` public '' institution , i do n't know how their cleaning works , but if they do n't assign the refugees to do it themselves it 's really not ok to just let them be dirty . 
  i mean if the toilets at your workplace would n't be cleaned you 'd probably also complain to hr/maintenance/cleaning staff before you do it yourself ( to an extent at least ), 
   some of their worries can . 
  no they ca n't  if the food is not halal enough , they should acquire their own food so should lactose intolerant people then and everyone else that has a specific problem with a specific type of food in say hospitals , etc. 
  we offer vegan food for people that imagine the imaginary sky-god is actually themselves , but halal food is too much ?
