  yes and now they are searching for a new home , a new identity and honestly , if i was in their shoes , i would n't choose turkey , greece or hungary either . 
   and how we live by them is an important part of his statement , 
  the discussion how to deal with that influx is most certainly allowed and indeed very welcomed by any party . 
  the thing is , no one is actually talking about solutions ... 
  there is one party saying `` we ca n't take them all '' and one saying `` we have to help '' and both are right , but they do n't go together apparently . 
  i am certain that if there was any other solution than `` build a wall '' that deals with the issue humanely everyone would be happy to support it , but there is n't . 
  we have to deal with this issue one way or another . 
  i do n't think it is an issue for germany to support +1 % of its population for a certain time , it 's not going to be cheap but imo it 's necessary . 
  we have to find a european solution to this , whether it be quotas or simply financial aid . 
  we need to act fast , speed up the processes , speed up the relocation and maybe find short term solutions that allow these people to help themselves . 
  we need to integrate these people and show them europe is as open as the idea suggests . 
  we need to show solidarity especially as a self proclaimed `` leader '' of the eu . 
  and we might need to sacrifice some of our prosperity for it , share our wealth , our social security even our culture . 
  why did we stop fighting each other and built this union in the first place if not to allow the people living here to do so in peace and comfort , we were ever expanding our borders accepting nations and peoples why stop now ? 
  of course we ca n't take everyone in that shows up at our doorstep we have to dose it , but we are currently in a situation where , if we do this extensively we betray the very values we write on our banners . 
  so please if you have a great solution to all of this why do n't you share it instead of crying beforehand that you are going to be called a `` nazi '' ( which i honestly never heard anyone say to any sensible argument on this topic ) and not contributing anything . 
  thing is with the current influx you would need massive refugee centres in the border countries which would be terrible for the people arriving there , if you process people immediately they would be there for years without being able to work or apply for citizenship/integrate , this would be a way worse disaster . 
  there should be an eu-wide recognition of the current issue and a solidarity has to form that some members are lacking right now , we need some legislation on this , but dumping it all on one/some state/s is not going to work . 
   if by chance they 'd been born within the imaginary borders of your country you 'd have helped them anyway . 
  that 's actually the most compelling argument . 
   like working , for some time until you get that helping hand !, 
  i am sure there are plenty of people in every state that offers welfare , that have never worked a substantial amount of time and still receive welfare , even kids receive `` welfare '' in germany , mentally and physically retarded people get welfare . 
  the whole idea of a social welfare state is to support those who ca n't support themselves with the money/resources of those who can !, 
  the sustainability of the current situation can be questioned , but i doubt that a 1 % increase ( 800 000 refugees for 82mil inhabitants ) in unemployment offers a `` too high prize to pay '' for any european country , we 've had worse times these past 20 years than that , germany had a record low unemployment rate of ~ 6 % down from ~ 12 % during the first financial crisis . 
  well your username is relevant at least , i 'll give you that, 
  i got bike traded once , i left my bike outside the house for 2 minutes , literally just went inside to open the backyard shack where i usually stored my bike , said hi to a roommate and went back outside , just to find another bike than mine where i left mine , the bike was crap of course ( and got stolen 3 weeks later ) but at least i still had one . 
  if your bike gets stolen you can just buy it back at the train station for 10 $, 
  i think you replied to the wrong comment :p, 
  but that was exactly his point , it is very difficult to have kids and have a successful career going at the same time , in germany more girls enrol in universities than guys do , companies are forced to have a set rate of women in leading positions , etc , etc , many people choose career over kids because career in germany is a major part of your life , more so than in other countries . 
  a lot of spanish , italian , greek people are already trying to reach the northern countries themselves , because they are way better off economically have a strong social security system , better education , etc. 
  ( this is just a generalization ) so i suppose a lot of immigrants take the few extra kilometres to take refugee in a country that is able and willing to help them . 
  hitler probably never killed anyone either , except for himself and blondie :(, 
  kingsday/queensday in the netherlands . 
  we lost our monarchy a few years back , but it was beautiful to see that everyone in that country just celebrates their king/queen with orange , amsterdam is just crazy on that day , it was amazing , 
  let 's not forget who levelled those cities ... 
  i am sure many people at the time welcomed the end of the war as their cities got hit by bombing raids almost daily ( especially cities like bremen , essen , berlin ) . 
  for germany , it was never a liberation , i mean the country was occupied for years after and while the western sector was going `` back to normal '' the eastern sector still suffers today . 
  germany suffered for what they did to europe , you ca n't be liberated from the disease you spread yourself, 
  the city , strategically , was rather unimportant but hitler insisted on capturing it because it bore stalins name . 
  hitler also in 1941 after the first defeats in and around moscow ordered that there was to be no retreat of any soldier . 
  the germans were exceptional when it came to counter attacks . 
  [ dunkirk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunkirk#dunkirk_in_world_war_ii ) 400 000 soldiers were encircled by an overwhelming german force , but instead of forcing their surrender , hitler ordered a halt and only attacked by air from then on , the british mounted large evacuation measures and got out most soldiers alive . 
  hitler and many of the officers he instated were driven by an ideology that was not to `` win a war '' it was to `` defeat and destroy the enemy '' . 
  he took every chance to humiliate his enemies instead of defeating them militarily . 
  he was not a strategist , but an ideologist . 
   japan just felt like it because they were allies with germany right ? 
  no not at all , japan did n't act on germanys `` will '' , in fact germany only declared war on the us , because japan attacked them . 
  the japanese had major interests in the pacific , they planned an [ invasion of australia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_japanese_invasion_of_australia_during_world_war_ii ) , but they knew that this would put even more pressure on the us to enter the war , so they struck first in an attempt to destabilize the american navy so much that they effectively could n't operate in the pacific to stop them , even if they tried . 
  ** tl ; dr ** they thought they could strike them so hard that they would accept the japanese taking over most territories in the pacific there was actually a lot we did n't talk about in school , like the spanish civil war , the russian civil war , the `` winter war '' between russia and finland . 
  the thing is though , history in german classrooms is supposed to teach you about * our * history first and foremost , we talked extensively about the weimarer republic and general organizational structures of the german empire before that . 
  they want to teach us where we came from and why our country is how it is today . 
  i was also very interested in the war , but i think it is not classroom material . 
  added bonus was that you could already cry at the intro when the bulldozers destroyed the forest :(, 
  you thought they learned their lesson after 1648 and 30 years of war , where roughly 40 % ( in german territory ) of the entire population died . 
  you are literally right though !, 
   demolish social systems did you live in the same germany as me ? 
  the demographic and economic development can hardly be blamed on any party/government , but their steps towards more/easier employment helped millions of people to get jobs that they usually would n't get , they initiated the best reform germany has seen in the post-war years and just because merkel or lanz or your stammtisch says hartz iv is bullshit does n't mean it actually is . 
  for many it was an improvement ( especially combined with hartz i-iii which nobody seems to notice ) it is a very bureaucratic system , granted , but better than misleading a country for 16 straight years ( looking at you old cabbage ), 
  brothers !, 
  i unsubscribed from most gif heavy subs because the loading takes me ages :(, 
  germany just introduced a set rate on women in leading positions , a park was forced to take down pictures of male deer because it showed only masculine animals during mating season , in many berlin official sites they had to implement special gender neutral toilets . 
  there is some crazy shit going down here too . 
  the problem i see is , that things like set rates and the advantageous treatment of women is completely counter productive for equal rights as it clearly favors one gender over the other . 
  of course the example is not meant to be a comparison , it was an analogy for the sake of the argument . 
   some may never be able to return under any circumstances . 
  yes these people will have `` permanent '' refugee status and there are possibilities for them to get a permanent residence permit and even german citizenship , but again there are some rules , let 's get concrete here : they have to have a steady income , pass a german course and be in that state for at least 5 years without interruptions . 
   have you ever moved far from your home town to where you did n't know anybody any more ? 
  ever moved out of your country ? 
  yes , multiple times actually . 
   so after they get over all that , you expect them to go home and start over again , in a place that 's substantially worse than germany ? 
  if they ca n't support themselves in germany they might be able to support themselves in their home country and not cost germany more money making the situation for new refugees worse . 
  if they can support themselves they will be able to either get a residence permit or support themselves in their home country as well . 
   this sounds like a rule that should change . 
  canada has very similar rules actually  i do n't think it should change honestly . 
  a country should be able to choose which people reside inside its borders and depending on the economic and social situation of each country the requirements for applicants may change . 
   i feel accepting refugees should be a commitment . 
  you bring them over , you help them , you educate them , and you give them the opportunity to stay forever . 
  and that 's exactly what we do !, 
  the only thing is , not everyone is ( or should be imo ) automatically eligible for a permanent residence permit or even citizenship when they are accepted as refugees . 
   in my opinion , if we allow them to stay here as refugees , we should follow through and allow them to stay here as citizens , if they so choose . 
  and that 's very noble and would probably happen in an idealized world , but it 's simply not practical . 
  the fact that our social systems do n't have endless funds simply means we can only carry a certain amount of `` unproductive '' members of society . 
  that 's a sad reality . 
  but we have to `` filter '' and make sure that at least a slight majority of migrants is in total benefiting the economy and social systems , otherwise it will collapse . 
  that 's why we actually have to send back refugees once their countries are stable again . 
  `` when a guy knocks on your door at 3 am telling you his car broke down and there is no hotel in a 10 km radius , you will let him sleep on your couch , but you also have to expect him living there for the next month , otherwise do n't even open your door . '', 
  that 's a really weird way to look at it in my opinion . 
  thing is we decided to have rules for foreigners that want to stay in germany and no matter if you are a refugee or someone that wants to live in germany because they like good beer , has to abide by these rules in order to stay . 
  on top of that we help refugees , usually people that are in danger of being killed or imprisoned otherwise . 
  if you are a refugee you still have the chance to get a residence permit , even to become a german citizen , but again you have to play by certain rules . 
  otherwise we will ask you kindly to leave the house in the morning , maybe we will give you breakfast and directions , but you 'll have to leave . 
  and the greens do get their flak for that . 
  the thing is the afd is pretty big in general media right now and their topics are all over it , so naturally they get a lot more coverage and incidentally they get a lot more `` bad '' or satirical coverage as well . 
  if drug use was the hot topic right now people would bring out \u00d6zdemirs balcony again , but it 's not . 
  the afd supporters claim of biased coverage is simply unsubstantial and they know it . 
  they try to create a hostile environment for critical analysis and satire against the party . 
  also this video was n't specifically against the afd , nothing about it was mentioned in there and yet the bias claim comes up , i wonder why ... 
  so practically also state funded, 
  `` one persons freedom ends where another persons freedom begins '' you are in fact not free to say anything , you have to play by the rules . 
  you ca n't claim the holocaust never existed and you ca n't insult someone or go to a public place and claim merkel stole something in your shop if that 's not really true .
