  you can get prosecuted for this kind of bullshit and rightfully so . 
  first off thank you for clarifying , as a non-swede i would n't have been able to make out the context . 
   they are doing so primarily since the science/technology choice got so popular that they could n't handle the demand . 
  out of personal interest , do you have an explanation as to why that 's the case ? 
  in most countries it 's really the opposite , where stem only receives a minimal share of students . 
   so you think hitler germany was efficient , too ? 
  efficient with what he wanted to achieve ? 
  certainly . 
  was he right or legitimate ? 
  surely not . 
   in how many of the mena countries , we can talk about a glimpse of a real democracy ? 
  certainly more than 30 years ago . 
  north african countries seem at least to some degree get the hang of it . 
  turkey was one until they elected a right wing nutjob , which will happen to the us and maybe germany as well , while other european countries already have those in place , poland , hungary , russia , just to name a few . 
  also who says they have to be ? 
  if something works for your country why would you just stop it and do it like anyone else , never change a running system . 
  the change has to come from within the citizens and that did happen in the arab spring ( partly )  why would a secularist dictator be worse than a religious monarch for instance ? 
  that 's exactly my point , 
   democracy and islamism can not live alongside each other . 
  but you do know that turkey is a democracy for almost 100 years and largely muslim right ? 
  i mean right now it looks more like a dictatorship , but that should n't diminish the past efforts . 
  iran was a very democratic state in the 70 's when the west started to destabilize the government to secure the oil industries loyalty to the west and not iran . 
   third world and islamic state are different concepts , too . 
  i mean , for instance saudi arabia or uae is not a 3rd world country as in economical way . 
  actually , they are quite rich . 
  and people 's life standart is pretty good ( if you do n't count the lack of civic liberties of course ) . 
  thrid world is more of a concept that is used to define the economically weakest countries . 
  islamic states are generally poor , too , but it 's not the same everywhere . 
  but what 's the same everywhere in islamic states is ; the lack of liberty concept . 
  the `` thrid-world '' declaration originated from the split of the world during the cold-war with us + friends being 1st , russia + friends being 2nd and the rest being 3rd world countries . 
  but since then a lot of things changed , if you can be bothered with it , visit [ gapminder ] ( http://www.gapminder.org/ ) it 's areally interesting program and will surely help you with understanding how the islamic countries really fare in all kinds of statistics . 
   there are some things that are universally true , even if some people do not believe them . 
  they are called facts . 
  democracy and secularism being the end all be all of government is not one of them . 
  the world is really diverse and while we from our point are fairly certain that democracy is best for our societies , not all societies are the same . 
  nomadic tribes would never work in a democracy simply because they are not as static and that 's a very simple example . 
  democracy flourishes to some extend because it works so well with capitalism . 
  but if you generally have a weak economy capitalism might not be as prosper for you as it is for stronger economies . 
  the russians eventually failed with their communist approach largely due to corruption and - contrary to the whole idea of communism - inequality . 
  i would believe that an all knowing leader would be more beneficial to a state than an undecisive parliament . 
  granted we have n't really seen any of those yet , but there are many countries whos citizens are better off simply because they do in fact have one strong single leader . 
  even if we would agree that democracy and secularism would be the best case scenario for any kind of state , you surely ca n't believe ( especially given historical examples ) that us forcing that kind of view on anyone will work out in any way . 
  we will have to work with those states instead of trying to force our values and our ways of government on them . 
   instead , secular governments should be built over there . 
  once the secularism reforms are effective enough , then move to democracy . 
  well that 's exactly what the coalition tried in afghanistan and iraq and that did n't work out too well . 
  understandably so . 
  imagine muslims invading your country telling you `` from now on you will be reigned by religious leaders even though your current ( self-chosen ) system is based on something entirely different . '', 
  we should really stop trying to tell anyone how they should be living , yea democracy is really great for us and we would love for everyone else to be happy with it too , but maybe they are n't . 
  we definitely should n't be the ones deciding it for them either way . 
  i think our claim for superiority in our choices of government can be really off-putting for some and make them resent us to some point , again understandbly so . 
  well technically , cologne and amsterdam do have  1mil . 
  inhabitants , but you are right , still far from mega cities , like shanghai or beijing which have  20 mil . 
  people which is incomprehensible to me . 
  but i think those are more `` effective '' cities as they hold plenty of room for people and are still being `` homely '' . 
  one of the police 's jobs is in fact to secure the german constitution so hindering unconstitutional groups is actually something they have to do . 
   you are truly deluisional if you would rather live in a monarcy then a democracy or a republic . 
  you are the one being delusional thinking our way of democracy ( even though it greatly differs even between european/western countries ) is the best way of living and nothing can ever beat it . 
  again a terrible democracy is not better than a perfect monarchy ( not saying saudi arabia is one or even close )  i ca n't even believe i have to debate this point . 
  you are not !, 
  you are not even referring to my point , either because you did n't understand it or because you do n't want to admit there is one and instead you raise strawmen left and right . 
   ok what does that have to do with western europe ? 
  do n't move the goal posts . 
  i was invalidating your point of female `` genitalia mutilation '' being common in islamic countries as a simple religious practice with the argument that many other religions have similar practices ( most famously the jews ) . 
  now i am not supporting this practice or any other religious practices ( like infant baptism for example ) but to some extent it 's a part of religion . 
  so again , you fail to see my point and attack me personally or raise yet another strawman and try to derail the argument . 
   i did n't say muslims . 
  i 'm comparing modern western secular states to islamic states . 
  which are exactly defined by being inhabited by muslims are n't they ? 
  ( hint , that 's why they are called islamic ) if you would say `` germany is shit '' i would be personally included because i am part of this country and thus you are in fact referring to ( some ) muslims . 
  goal posts back in order . 
   i think you should look into the ottomans i know about the ottomans , what exactly are you referring to , i do n't get the relevance here , you yourself already rejected relevance so why bring it up ? 
  another strawman maybe ? 
   does the siege of vienna mean anything to you ? 
  yes , do the crusades and the siege of jerusalem mean anything to you ? 
   what really spurred on europe was early colonization because of the new resources it brought in . 
  and why were they able to colonize everything , we just were lucky to build a few ships in the 18th century sail around a bit and find some `` unclaimed land '' right ? 
  this is a totally different topic though . 
   yes it fucking is because nations do n't exist in a vacuum . 
  again , you did n't get my point , but that should n't be news by now   we made something called the geneva convention . 
  you might want to read it . 
  haha like any western warmonger country gives a damn about them !, 
  and ( probably contrary to you ) i did actually read them . 
   it 's not your fault really germans have just been brainwashed since children that they are evil and deserve punishment . 
  no one ever told me that i was evil or deserved punishment , they primarily taught me to think critically especially what `` your leaders '' tell you , to think for myself and that there are two sides on every coin . 
  but i also guess it 's hip to hide right-wing views and claim to be a victim yourself so knock yourself out , 
   because he voiced his opinion about some countries ? 
  i think calling something inferior based on personal , ethnical bias is shit . 
  yea look at syria , where you have the choice to be bombed by either isis , assad , the russians or the americans/west , great way to live i am sure . 
  if i had to take 20 terrorist attacks a year vs ending the war and suffering in syria i fucking would , you bet your ass !, 
   you do not want to face the reality that some cultures are simply different no i do believe we have differences , it 's just not a reason to hate anyone or to reject living next to them . 
  i like bread , my friend likes rice , should that mean i can never live with him because we are not `` compatible '' ? 
   look at the no go areas and the hate preachers in our citys and tell me what they have in common . 
  to be honest i have never seen a `` no go '' area in any of the cities i visited and i lived in 4 major european cities for at least 6 months . 
  the hate preachers are there in islam just as much as they are there in christianity and hinduism , in football clubs and in political parties . 
  i am honestly more worried about people calling out for reopening the concentration camps than for someone calling in sharia law . 
   `` its ok for rape to be legal in saudi arabia because it used to be legal in the west '' do you know what progress means ? 
  yes i do , my point was n't to make capital punishment `` ok '' ( even though there are some points in favour of it and `` used to be '' is not correct if it is still practised in the `` most western '' country in the world ) . 
   saudi arabia is a monarchy . 
  not sure about you but i do n't want to live in the fucking feudal age .
