  you can claim we hate ourselves , you can claim we do this because we feel a historic debt , i do n't care . 
  you are a bigoted neckbeard that 's never going to grow up and realise that actually working together and accepting other people into your live no matter how different they are , is actually a benefit and not a burden . 
  go live your sad island life and shut the fuck up . 
  you keep seeing them as enemies , i do n't get why honestly . 
  we got past that point with creating the eu in europe , why would we make this exclusive again just for the sake of it . 
  we do n't do this because we feel obliged due to our history . 
  our history is exactly that , history and i and many others are very proud of our culture that is what makes people stand up and go to train stations to support refugees arriving and stop mindless bigots from burning down houses or attacking foreigners . 
  i am very proud of my country right now and i believe that with all that greatness we already have , these people will make us even greater . 
  most of them will actually be sent back once syria is deemed safe again and they ca n't get a work visa . 
  the uk is so extreme when dealing with people who are different . 
  it 's either `` i 'll take their resources and maybe even a leg '' or `` i 'll take that whole person into unpaid labour '' . 
  for a nation that has so much pride and capabilities i am deeply disappointed with what i have to read from you and many of your countrymen ... 
   http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/1790756/we-must-be-mugs-to-give-migrants-a-mansion.html he built a house in romania , i am sure that 's way cheaper than building it in england/london , another example of a polish women opening a restaurant with 220gbp in poland , again , way cheaper , and to top it all off , this is about a migrant ( so a person that you based on your policy gave a working visa and residence permit to ) and not about refugees and afaik migrants benefit from the same system citizens do . 
  another point to note is that he gets a lot of money because of his kids , that 's the same in germany , but only if they actually live here . 
   http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/1790756/we-must-be-mugs-to-give-migrants-a-mansion.html paywall article , if you are subscribed to the sun i guess i know where you are coming from , still even the title already shows it 's about an immigrant yet again and not a refugee . 
   http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1250993/single-mum-finds-mansion-net-gets-you-pay-7-000-month-rent.html  so the council agreed to pay the # 1,600 a week to a private landlord as they did n't have any houses big enough . 
  that is insane . 
  i mean rent support has to be adjusted based on the location as it can vary greatly based on location but that 's crazy . 
  not sure if federal legislation or just local organisation is responsible here , but i would agree to change this . 
  however , this again is a bout an immigrant ( a person you based on your legal system allowed to come into your country and apply for citizenship eventually ) and not a refugee , every british born person could probably claim the same rights , so i do n't really think it 's valid . 
  edit : real numbers on refugees :  how many refugees are there in the uk ? 
   at the end of 2014 , the population of refugees , pending asylum cases and stateless persons made up just 0.24 % of the population . 
  that 's 117,161 refugees , 36,383 pending asylum cases and 16 stateless persons . 
   the vast majority of refugees stay in their region of displacement , so that 86 % of the world 's refugees are hosted by developing countries . 
  turkey now hosts the highest number of refugees at 1.6 million , followed by pakistan at 1.5 million  cash support is available , and is currently set at # 36.95 per person , per week , which makes it # 5.28 a day for food , sanitation and clothing . 
  source : http://www.unhcr.org.uk/about-us/the-uk-and-asylum.html, 
   i am sayng that we in britain need to stop throwing luxury at these people to reduce the attraction . 
  there is a reason they prefer london over romania show me one single source ( which you failed to do until now ) where it states they can have huge estates in london downtown that regular people can not afford . 
  show me one single source that states they are actually getting more money than any citizen is entitled to . 
  if you ca n't come up with any i call bullshit . 
   its not random - my whole point was the difference '' the amount of money available varies greatly as does rules on reunification , return agreements , length to citizenship and spending money '' you said it varies , never did you say you were talking specifically about britain - . -  they get it free i honestly do n't know how britain does things and honestly it 's not my place to look that up , in germany however ( yes it differs i am telling you one example ) you get put into housing , which can range from large gym halls , over tent/container cities up to individual housing , like a huge frat house probably where you have common showers , kitchen etc , you are being cared for by physicians and you get some ( less than basic living ) money . 
  if you are eligible for asylum you get a residence permit and basic living welfare just like everyone else , it is ~ 400 $ / month you will get reimbursed on your rent but only if it is `` reasonable '' , so you ca n't live in a condo downtown , you will have to move to a cheaper place . 
  and that 's it . 
  now i honestly do n't have any objections to that specifically because these people are * not * allowed to choose the city/region they stay in , they will be sent to different states based on national quotas . 
  now please tell me what you think is unfair in this . 
   i am talking only about migrants in britain lol since when ? 
  maybe you should inform people about that and not simply go off topic in a discussion randomly ...  we cant afford a house you ca n't afford a house in london , they ca n't either . 
   they dont live in containers [ uhmm ... ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20141229/first-refugees-take-up-home-in-berlins-container-town ) ( and if you do n't like thelocal [ cnn ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2015/07/10/europe/gallery/berlin-refugee-housing-expansion/ ) )  not like my staff who pay more to live in one room of someon elses house that they pay for a 5 bed that 's entirely dependent on the local market , you can get 3 story houses in rural germany and spend the same kind of money for a 1-bedroom apartment in hamburg/munich . 
  our refugee centres are hopelessly overcrowded , they are not living like cesar in rome at all ... 
   oh , i see , so germany did that to itself ? 
  are you positive that it 's not rather on them ? 
  because i had that impression . 
  it 's not like they were forced to move here in the first place . 
  no one was forced , they were `` invited '' but instead of providing equal paying jobs and programs to integrate the state did nothing and let our companies abuse them for cheap labour . 
  i do n't think it 's germany 's `` fault '' per se , but they could have done way , way more to integrate these people and make sure they are paid properly . 
   i still think that something should be changed though so that there is an even distribution , instead of everyone raiding germany and causing chaos like this . 
  agreed , we need to have some plan to distribute the people that are actually eligible for asylum ( not all 800.000 will be that 's for sure ) . 
  i do n't think forced quotas will solve the problem at all though , it 's the politicians job to figure something out really , every country has interests and problems , but not taking in any refugees `` because we do n't want to '' is not an option imo . 
   certainly not more generously than we treat our own citizens germany does n't do that either , before recieving refugee status they get less than `` hartz iv '' or rather `` arbeitslosengeld 2 '' which is the lowest you can get in welfare and after that they receive just that . 
  why do you always think they get such good treatment ? 
  they have to live in fucking containers for years are in a foreign country they do n't speak the language of and do n't even know how long they can stay there . 
  the lack of empathy is largely related with psychopathic behaviour actually . 
  i think we finished paying for wwi in 2008 , yes wwi, 
  i was making an analogy , i know he did n't proposed to put them in jail . 
   it 's not really the point that they compare the amount of money and help they get from the state what he proposed is to make welfare so bad they 'd rather stay in their country where they fear death and/or prosecution . 
  he was simply trying to find a way to not have to deal with any of them and just because they were born in a shitty country . 
   however , it does n't seem like they give a fuck about the culture , so it might just end up like with the turkish immigrants , oh we really helped our `` gastarbeiter '' a great deal when they arrived here , paying them for shit so they had to settle in the worse off regions of bigger cities forming ghettos , those lazy asses ... 
   i was talking about the fact that because they do not speak the language they are in a worse position than any german unemployed who does . 
  then put it this way , i misunderstood what you were trying to say . 
  and i tend to agree with you , however it 's not impossible to learn a foreign language and if you do n't have anything to do because you are unemployed and are being supported with learning it it takes way less than a year to learn a language proficiently enough . 
   being able to speak the language of your host country is the biggest advantage one can have when looking for a job , because communication is so vital in every job . 
  in many other big european companies english is the working language , germany is following this too and will continue to go into that direction . 
  there are plenty of english study programs at german universities too . 
   once again , these people do not speak german and they will not be able to learn in within a couple of years , it will decades before they will be able to teach children for instance . 
  decades is a bit far fetched , i know people that learned german almost perfect in a time frame of 6 months , while studying ( in english ) `` on the side '' . 
  i think you may be a bit delusional how long it takes to learn a language if you put time into it . 
   wrong . 
  germany does n't have to do anything , migrants have to do all the work . 
  germany should n't carry them to the finish line , they have to do the work themself . 
  because they are all lazy asses and do n't really want to work , i get it . 
  if you want to end up with ghettos like the us or france does , then sure not giving a fuck about them , will do exactly that , they will make their way not being included , but i do n't expect that to go over very well . 
  if you want to end up with well educated and integrated people that build up 25 % of your society then we should probably follow the `` swiss solution '' where immigration is hugely successful even though the country has one of the highest immigration rates in the world . 
   and as you can see for yourself their method is a huge success : yes because they are a fucking island and are paying other countries to take in the refugees ... do n't start comparing apples with oranges and anyway even if we had a system of stopping them to come , i think it would be wrong , not only ethically , but also politically and economically . 
  but you are judged based on single actions and not just generalized as a group , very different , everyone is innocent until proven otherwise , this way you generalize everyone as a criminal and put them in jail without any judgement . 
  that 's the difference, 
   but germany does n't need a greater workforce , otherwise the unemployment would be around 0 % . 
  common misconception : [ there are more than 500.000 ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/2903/umfrage/jahresdurchschnittswerte-des-bestands-an-offenen-arbeitsstellen/ ) open positions in germany this year alone . 
  more people also means more job opportunities themselves , they create businesses themselves consume more , etc. 
  more people just means a bigger economy . 
   there is absolutly no need to bring in more people when you have already more than enough to fill in certain positions . 
  but we do n't , hospitals are constantly understaffed , there are not enough social workers , we just promised every german kid a `` kita '' ( pre-kindergarten ) spot which we actually ca n't because we do n't have enough teachers . 
  there are many positions that can be filled and many regions can still expand , economy is not that static . 
   the do n't speak the language , they are not familiar with the culture and if they happen to have any degrees then those will be entirely void because germany just does n't hand out bachelor degrees 1:1 for a syrian one . 
  so even those people with higher education would have to go back to college if they are interested in working in the same job as before . 
  true to some extent , but that is what integration is about , of course we have to invest in these people before they actually become a valid enrichment to our society , but that does n't mean we should n't . 
  after all they are not immigrants that we carefully choose , they are refugees that have no home they can go to . 
  we are doing both them and us a favour if we invest in them , i do n't see any reason not to try . 
   the people from syria are basically worse than any of the currently unemployed living in germany and that 's just blatant racist bullshit . 
  possible , yet it 's just not correct to say we `` gave '' them anything yet . 
   behaviours what are you even saying now , that people that show specific behaviour should not be able to seek asylum ? 
  that would still be discriminative ... just like prosecuting gays , i thought we were over this ...  or are you suggesting that non citizens should be treated exactly the same as non citizens ? 
  yes exactly !, 
  they are all human , thus deserve the same treatment , whether certain laws apply to them depends on their citizenship . 
   but we know you are above all and that all europe should bow to your will and inherent superiority at least some of us learned that exclusion and selfishness does n't go along well with peace and prosperity . 
  we did n't really `` give '' anything to greece , we said we would come up for their credits in case they could n't pay . 
  if greece does n't go bankrupt, 
  he 's not talking about refugees but about immigrants . 
  i agree with everything you said though . 
  there are and always were legal ways to immigrate to germany and they are not much tighter than for any other european country or the us/canada . 
   germany is a highly developed country , we simply do not need millions of unskilled laborers .
