  [ even the us government disagrees with you so i guess they are retarded too ] ( http://georgewbush-whitehouse.archives.gov/cea/cea_immigration_062007.html ), 
   the situation right now is that migrants ignore eu law by crossing borders without registering , and going country shopping to wherever they feel they might get the best benefits . 
  that 's legally all fine and dandy , but let 's try to be in their shoes for once . 
  they leave syria and enter turkey , they get told they can apply for asylum and it will be decided [ in 2020 ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2014/11/turkey-other-refugees-languish-limbo-2014111083938134850.html ) until then , no work , no residency only tent camps at the border . 
  i 'd leave too , then you arrive in hungary after you paid some trafficker 5k $ to take you there ( because there is no legal way to enter actually ) and you are stranded yet again at a train station in tent camps , no work , no residence in a country that even openly on tv said they do n't want you so they take as long as possible to process as well in order to decrease the influx . 
  and in 2014 ~ 44 000 refugees arrived in hungary and they already had issues with that mounting up waiting times , etc. 
  in a country , that even if it processes you is probably not going to be able to provide the infrastructure necessary for the amount of refugees we are seeing now . 
  the matter of fact is that this large number of people need to be relocated , the border states simply do n't have the capacity to deal with all of them and the eu is helpless right now in diplomatic limbo because half of it is not willing to move an inch and take even a single refugee voluntarily . 
  they have to make their own way because our legal system does n't allow them to get their basic human right of asylum . 
   if you followed all the rules , got a visa , went through the bureaucracy to get your shit in order and be able to stay they are obliged to do the exact same thing !, 
  the problem here is the eu 's refugee/immigration policy , all parties are currently suffering from it but everyone blames the refugees or merkel , depending on how xenophobic people are . 
  the refugees are forced to apply for asylum in hungary , greece or italy due to eu regulations , imagine being one of them arriving in italy and they tell you `` best we can do is 5 years from now processing your asylum status , until then sit put , wait and you are not allowed to work and can only stay in this camp with the bare necessities '' this is simply unacceptable and any sane person would try to leave this place as well , even if you came from a worse situation just now . 
  i take it you took a regular immigration process and lived in a country for ~ 5 years while working there and that 's fair , but you ca n't compare your two situations at all . 
  they do n't really have time to set up proper travel visas ( waiting for months ) they do n't have work in their home because it 's destroyed , unorganized and involved in a war . 
  they simply come to the eu , but the eu is so big and the border countries ca n't cope with the influx , so they move on . 
  it 's also not like everyone just gets handed free candy left and right , maybe at munich train station . 
  they will have to go through the same legal process as you to attain citizenship with the added disadvantage that they have to go back once syria is deemed safe if they do n't manage to get legal status by then . 
  we are not `` gifting '' any more to them as we would to anyone else . 
  currently ? 
  they are not allowed to work nor create businesses sign contracts , etc. 
  in germany because they are no longer permitted to live here legally , they are forcibly removed by police in some instances , yes . 
   but it does not do anything to improve the personal economy of people living in the country , which is what really matters if you have a 200 % larger economy you will feel a personal difference too , at the very least that means more tax income and thus better shared infrastructure . 
  it simply is not a terrible strain on the economy to have more immigrants , neither on a federal nor a personal level , so do n't make it out to be one . 
  and comparing other countries to germany is not really valid here , the question is whether immigrants can improve germany 's federal economy not whether it can improve it to better levels than austria . 
   i do n't know anything about economics , but i can see that nine of the ten countries with the highest gdp per capita have a population below 25 million inhabitants ... eight of them below ten million . 
  this is an inherent problem of federalization though and has nothing to do with populations or their increases per se . 
   if anything with the influx of asylum seekers , upcoming waves of workforce automatization and more i could imagine that wages decline . 
  research shows that cheap labour immigration leads to an overall rise in wages actually and automatization would also increase in higher paying jobs as usually the lower paying jobs are replaced by machines while the engineers for the machines get higher wages , of course leading to lower employment rate overall if the education system is not able to produce enough people capable of working the higher paying jobs . 
   how can germany retreat from this and say `` no , you , dear mister , ca n't come '' ? 
  how ? 
  by reciting asylum laws ? 
  none of those were changed at all before her promise to * process * syrian refugees in germany . 
  analogies and reddit do n't mix well i found , but yours was great . 
  people just seem to forget , we have been eating wallachian forest berries for quite a while , for as long as humanity exists actually and all in all they are pretty good for your digestion . 
  i am totally with you . 
  i feel the legislation in europe regarding refugees is a mess that does n't help anyone right now and we did n't act early enough to prevent the current happenings . 
  discussing law should have two faces , saying `` the law is the law '' is fine imo , you can always come up with a better one based on the arguments and that 's up for discussion , there is no real point to argue about the validity of laws . 
  absolutely , you should just never generalize based on one simple feature , in this case religion . 
  if someone is criminal he deserves the same punishment as everyone else would get no matter where he 's from or what he believes . 
  same goes for beating your wife or hating on gays . 
   more people would just mean more unemployment and a bigger strain on the economy . 
  people that believe more people = less jobs should fail every economy class . 
  who do you think creates jobs ? 
  i can tell you who . 
  the biggest employers in almost every country is , the country itself . 
  you need a certain amount of state employees for every person living in that country so no matter how many people arrive your work force will grow . 
  second biggest employers are mid level companies , people that found their own companies employing 10-100 employees . 
  this could be anything from a restaurant to a software company and everyone ( with legal citizen status , depending on the country ) can do it !, 
  this means that many syirans will actually ** create ** jobs instead of `` taking '' them and then pay taxes , spend money in the economy etc. 
  our economy is based on exponential growth , if we simply have less people we will have a smaller economy and this smaller economy would have to grow even faster because it has to compensate for its size . 
  more people = good for the economy ( in the mid/long run ) . 
  it 's as explained in the video , in the short term you have to invest to educate and integrate them in the long run you will only benefit . 
  germany took in millions of refugees after the war , not 60 years past and is now one of the biggest economies in the world . 
   fuck you , europe , for trying to make those people follow your migrations laws no he specifically says that these laws are not fit for the current situation and he is definitely right about that . 
  he surely has an agenda , but it is well backed up by facts . 
  leaving the story about the girl out , he has very good points about refugees and immigrants . 
  he takes on the concerns of many people and debunks some `` facts '' about immigrants as flukes and points out the scientifically proven benefits of immigration . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  you may not agree with him , but that does n't make his statements any less true . 
   once upon a time , a great scientist and british hero helped defeating the nazis . 
  that guy way was punished by law for being a homosexual , just recently his name was cleared . 
  i like how everyone knows this story nowadays mainly because of a hollywood movie , i guess some good can come from those too . 
  i think though that even `` war heroes '' should be punished under the law , just as anyone else , although being gay should never be considered a crime . 
  i would imagine that this hardship also let 's you emphasize with these people , no ? 
  i mean , sure it sucks that you had to go through it in the first place , but why `` wish '' it on others if they could have the chance not to ? 
  i 'd just like to say that i unconditionally agree with this . 
  no abrahamic religion is inherently `` more violent '' or `` backwards '' than others and we can indeed see that throughout history , every one had their fair share of violence and backwardness . 
  we are not `` more civilized '' because we adopt christianity as our main religion , but because we developed social states that offer bare necessities and infrastructure to everyone . 
   nordic countries are also rather small , so i doubt we would have much influence in the decision making . 
  in a federation we might end up being just a declining periferia . 
  i think that 's a false view on federalization . 
  the point of it is actually not to let all decisions be taken by a central government , but to have the decisions that are relevant to everyone equally be made there . 
  take germany for example . 
  we have two houses bundestag and bundesrat . 
  if the bundestag ( central government ) wants to propose a law that affects say schooling , then the bundesrat ( representatives of the local governments ) has to agree or it wo n't pass at all . 
  also all states still have executives and legislation of their own , this is necessary because local needs are not always best understood at the large scale of an entire nation . 
  the point of federalization is thus not necessarily to dis empower local governments , but to unify the universal bureaucracies . 
  well , it 's an ideological view of things i would argue . 
  it 's the same with bombing civilian cities or shooting down hijacked planes . 
  it 's never `` right '' , you could say it 's a necessary evil but it stays something that many would morally object to . 
  two wrongs * never * make a right . 
  daylight saving is not about accommodating peoples sleep schedules , it 's about power infrastructure and usage of fossile fuels [ here ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1py5qv/eli5_how_is_daylight_savings_beneficial/cd7nkd6 ) is a / r/bestof link to an explanation . 
  i admire you for your effort to fight this kind of pessimism and spread of misinforamtion that i see in so many people lately with straight up facts , kudos , i would give you gold , but we germans are poor . 
  result : we ca n't give gold to others . 
   literally anyone in either house can introduce a bill , meaning that a particular bill does not necessarily reflect government policy or even government support . 
  and i never said it does ...  you ca n't point at a list of bills and suggest that the existence of the list itself somehow says something about how laws are made or about government without offering any context . 
  and you are missing the point of my initial comment here . 
  i simply provided a source where you could inform yourself about the currently discussed topics in parliament . 
  i never made a statement about either item on that list or how relevant they are , how likely to succeed , etc. 
  your initial comment was asking for a source to gather information about the ( possible ) laws without it being mainstream media . 
   but without any sort of context or understanding on why and how the bills have been laid before parliament , it tells you nothing about the country 's politics . 
  it 's a first step though . 
  i was n't aiming at teaching people the political or legislative workings of the uk . 
   reflecting anything other than the views of the individual members in question . 
  that 's the most important part of choosing who to cast your vote for though is n't it ? 
  i never claimed `` look , here these will be the laws of tomorrow '' , passing bills is an iterative process that can take many years . 
  also as you pointed out there are plenty of bills that will never make it into a discussion let alone a vote , but when our representatives talk about them and discuss them , i think that is relevant to politics . 
  i simply tried to provide a base for choosing which bill is interesting to you and work out the details from there . 
  i personally think that 's an important part of choosing who to vote for . 
  it let 's me evaluate the work my representatives do in parliament and decided based on this performance .
