  did i ? 
  if so , i am sorry , that was never my intention . 
  i simply tried to say that some part of our tax money has to go towards these measures . 
  it surely is something extreme this time , but it 's also not unheard of , we had huge waves in the 30 's to the us and in the 90 's in europe , we managed those as well even though it surely cost us a lot of money too and we had way worse economies back then . 
  the major problem actually is just that it were so many people over a short amount of time ( thousands per day ) if you spread 1.5 million over a whole year we would probably not even talk about it , but the bottleneck we had in hungary that just opened from one day to another was/is overwhelming . 
  i am convinced though that we will use our gyms for the intended purpose again soon . 
   you talked about that number after my post yes i used the incorrect link in my first post ( although the link i provided specifically talks about the distinction you already made ), 
  no not `` everyone in the world '' never said that , i said `` people that are persecuted in their respective home countries '' which is covered by a treaty every european country signed . 
  everyone is different , 
   and still get welfare . 
  nope , they get nothing at all . 
  many are not deported , the process of deportation is slow . 
  most are first just asked to leave and never checked on , this process is really lackluster in germany , but they certainly do n't get benefits and if they work they work illegally and will be prosecuted like anyone else . 
   your opinions are diametrically opposed with majority of tax paying citizens maybe in the us . 
  europe has a long tradition of welfare states and everyone ever in need of one is happy that it 's there . 
  i for one am glad that my uncle did n't have to pay himself for his cancer treatment ( i am lucky so far with potentially large hospital bills myself ) that would have certainly shortened his life even more . 
  we pay taxes for many , many different things , welfare , infrastructure , education , public transport , our army , politician 's wages , etc. 
  of course you pay the rent on your flat or the mortgage of your house , but if your neighbour comes knocking on your door asking for a place to stay for the night , because his house is flooded you let him in and make the couch ready . 
  welcome, 
  september had 160.000 new `` arrivals '' ( these numbers are raised by a voluntary computer program that does n't cancel out doubles and does n't need the identity of the person applying ) july -  aug 20 % increase aug -  sept 33 % increase, 
   you assume i do n't know german so you can make up anything and give a german link and i will not understand it . 
  no i did not try anything of the like at all , i just linked the wrong thing , apologies , i even translated the most important things in that article in my reddit post [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nyas3/bamf_releases_official_numbers_on_refugees_in/cvsb98b ) sorry again . 
  from jan to sept 2015 577.307 new arrivals of refugee seekers were registered in our easy-system ( that 's a computer program they make available for download on their site ) asylsuchender = asylum seeker ; registriert = registered i also explained that this system they use to raise these numbers has basic flaws so it really is not a conclusive source , could be way more , could be less . 
   so the 300k number for jan1 - oct 1 , i know for a fact is not true . 
  as a matter of fact , it is definitely true , that 's the official agency responsible for processing all refugee claims in germany , why would it be false ? 
  they give detailed analysis in this [ pdf ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/201509-statistik-anlage-asyl-geschaeftsbericht.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) ( just google translate it , usually it is decent with german )  yes but i assume higher acceptance rates for the future ( about 60 % ) that 's just not acceptable , you say you simply assume rates are going to increase by 20 % , the reasons you gave will not do that . 
  you need definite prove in order to get accepted as refugee , it 's not enough to make up a story like you say . 
  you need to have documents linking to your nationality , you need to prove you are part of a persecuted religion/political orientation , etc. 
  it 's not as easy to get asylum as you seem to think it is . 
  furthermore this acceptance rate has been rather constant over the last few years , there is really no reason to think they just now found a loophole they can exploit to get asylum that hundreds of thousands before them did n't find . 
  i know all that , but as along as they are not processed they are not able to bring in their families ( also i provided the official estimation in my link as well talking about 577.000 arrivals by the end of september ), 
  edited, 
  you are right of course , not a native speaker so i mixed them up , sorry . 
  i think it 's clear from the context but i 'll edit it anyways . 
  i think that 's a very dangerous prospect to be honest , kids growing up with only one parent are already more prone to some psychological diseases , ( horrible ) experiments in the past have also shown that the isolation of kids can even be deadly for them and hinder their biological development . 
  this would be like building machines just to supply the workforce , why not go all the way and make them robotic then . 
   1 ) do you think that ` being prosecuted in home country ' is a sufficient reason for not being able to work and claiming welfare ? 
  no , it 's no reason not to work , it 's a reason for asylum , every refugee can work , they just have a hard time getting work ( for obvious reasons )  2 ) do you think that majority of these refugees are prosecuted ? 
  prosecuted ? 
  maybe not . 
  fearing for their life because they have different political and/or religious views , definitely . 
   3 ) assuming that they are not only prosecuted but also persecuted , do you think that is ok for them to choose germany as their destination and reject help of other countries ? 
  no , i do n't really think that 's the way to do it , however europe is incohesive with its decision making about refugees for years already , so our policies have brought a small set of nations in big trouble and into a situation where they ca n't adhere to their obligations to help these people based on treaties they signed and human rights they value . 
  i recently heard about a proposition about a general eu-run refugee `` agency '' that would be located in the border countries and would distribute incoming refugees accordingly , i would be very much in favour of such an approach . 
  however , every country has to take their share in this . 
  it 's not even about taking them in as migrants , it 's about taking them in as refugees , if you do n't want to have people immigrate to your country , adjust your policies accordingly , that 's fine by me ( see usa as example ) , but if you are in the eu who 's primary self proclaimed goal is to represent our values and to adhere to human rights you simply have to respect them . 
  and as a union you ca n't single yourself out in that respect because you feel like it right now and next time once something might benefit you more again you are taking from the pot like nothing ever happened . 
  the selfishness with which many nations go about this union baffles me . 
  germany surely benefited from the union in some regards ( economically mainly ) but we did n't block things just because they did n't benefit us the most ( bologna comes to mind ) . 
   sorry for so many questions but i 'd like to get an insight into german way of thinking about this . 
  i am happy to answer all of your questions and i think they are indeed reasonable questions to ask . 
  but of course i am not representative of the german population as a whole . 
  no i pay taxes to supply a welfare state , this state takes care of people that ** are persecuted in other countries ** and come here in search for help . 
  we do n't have actual numbers for 2015 yet , because it 's not ended yet . 
  what i posted are official numbers for the period between jan 01 . and sept 30 . 
  2015 which again total to 303.000 applications . 
  the predictions you are referencing were made by a newspaper based on `` insider sources '' that were denied by official positions . 
  even if we assume a number of 1.5 million and an acceptance rate of 40 % , 600.000 refugees will be accepted everyone would still have to bring 7-8 directly related relatives . 
  also when you say 5 million will come here , that would include every last refugee currently camped outside syria ... just no . 
  the only assumption needed is that we live in a social welfare state and that is specifically designed to help the ones that are not able to work , are sick , old or * persecuted in their home country . 
  we had way higher unemployment rates in the 2000 's already and we managed that as well . 
  [ until september ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/meldungen/de/2015/20151007-asylgeschaeftsstatistik-september.html ) 303.000 refugees were registered in germany with an acceptance rate < 40 % that 's roughly 121.000 refugees that are allowed to bring in their family , each would have to have 33 to 41 directly related family members to reach the numbers you are stating here . 
  yes , there will be more coming in the next years , yadda , yadda , yadda . 
  i do n't think the problem is birthing kids , it 's raising them . 
  having children is a full time job outside your job with little `` alone time '' . 
  many simply do n't want to have that anymore . 
   i was thinking more of treating a ` housewife ' or a ` mother ' as a ` job ' of sorts . 
  monthly pay , access to free education , other benefits . 
  not to enforce , but to encourage . 
  so that women can actually make a choice . 
  thing is , housewife always was a `` career '' many modern women just do n't want to have it anymore , they want to have real careers , they are educated ( more women finish university than men ) they do n't need free education , they make good money in their jobs , so other benefits would n't work either . 
  women can make a choice , most choose to work a real career . 
  but is war really responsible for the advancement ? 
  what about opportunity cost ? 
  if we do n't have war we probably have less funds for war technologies , but more for education and more educated young men not dying by the thousands on the front . 
  what if we invested all the money we not only spent researching these technologies , but also building expensive war machinery and infrastructure in foreign countries on different things ( opportunity cost ) ? 
  yes , war sparks a certain kind of technology and we surely still benefit from many advancements made during the war , that does n't mean wars are actually beneficial to scientific advancement overall . 
  the allies winning made the war turn out `` good '' the war itself surely did n't help europe , not at all . 
  yes we do have technical advances during the war , but we also have humanitarian devastation and economic regress afterwards , i am convinced that we would have made these advances regardless of the war or even more so if it did n't come to armed conflict ( see cold war ) . 
   intolerant , regressive and backwards ideologies so you simply assume islam coherently represents exactly those values ? 
  because it does n't , there are many moderate movements inside islam and the koran includes many teachings that represent the exact values you described . 
  oppressing any incoherent group on the premise of extremists simply is n't right , especially not in the values you laid out . 
  i would agree that some values are worth defending , i do n't agree that we actually have to . 
  no one is arguing that isis , suicide bombers or human rights oppression should be tolerated , but the overwhelming majority of muslims agrees with you on that . 
  i 'm just gon na link a previous comment of mine with research on the topic [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ntg6z/tony_blair_islamic_extremists_ideology_enjoys/cvrbzzf ), 
  i do n't think we have coherent values so i ca n't really answer that question , which values specifically are you talking about ? 
  what i was actually trying to show you is that we do have values of freedom here and you , just now , were throwing them out of the window just because someone else somewhere might do so . 
  that 's not having values , that 's selfish acting upon constructed values and hypocrisy to sell them as superior . 
  how is it better to oppress a religion in europe because of `` superior values '' than to oppress a branch of religion or whatever you think they are oppressing ? 
  not a single war has ever helped either . 
  not a single war has ever helped either . 
   creates nothing but [ ... ] oppression  we should be forcing the superiority of our values on to them do you not see your own hypocrisy ? 
   how about the fact that wherever this particular religion dominates it creates nothing but fucking misery and oppression . 
  maybe that has to do with the actual government doing the oppressing and causing the misery instead of a religion ? 
  most of these countries are reigned by authoritarian dictatorships and the ones who are n't are not far from our `` superior values '' . 
  and just for the record , we are the ones supporting those dictators and putting them in places they do n't belong . 
  likely a factor . 
  people who identify themselves as `` christian '' in europe are probably not really `` practising christians '' only around 15 % of catholics ( members of the catholic church in germany ) visit church regularly for example . 
  also a factor is simply the question being asked . 
   `` the rules of the bible [ the koran ] are more important to me than the laws of [ survey country ] . '' for example .
