   you wo n't get scurvy from repetivie nutrition if that repetitive nutrition contains the required nutrients , the whole dutch kitchen is based on repetitive nutrition , dutch people have for centuries been living on a diet of mainly potato 's and a handful of vegetables . 
  you know as much about the actual diet they are getting as i do . 
  bland is not the same as repetitive though . 
  are you trying to argue that repetitive , limited nutrition is good ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  do you actually have their meal schedule hidden somewhere ? 
  or are you just dismissing everything they say because it 's them saying it ? 
   you 're obviously not a qualified dietist . 
  sorry mister qualified dietist . 
  you do n't have to be a qualified dietist to know that one-sided nutrition is bad ( and every qualified dietist will tell you so ) , yes dutch eat a lot of bread ( even though your bread is terrible ) , that 's not the only thing they can eat though . 
  that does n't mean it can be generally dismissed as `` they feel entitled '' . 
  i get it people here think these people are feeling `` entitled '' and do n't want to see anything else . 
  even if they are actually voicing legit concerns . 
  scurvy , btw , is not the only issue you can get from repetitive nutrition . 
   you know what is also bad for metabolism ? 
  being dead . 
  it literally stops it . 
  guy just escaped war zone and his concern is his metabolism ? 
  are you serious ? 
  can people only have one concern ? 
  `` well you are not dead be grateful i am beating you with a stick '', 
  no worries we are fine here , 
  repetitive and mundane food is a real health issue ( see [ scurvy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scurvy ) ) , so it 's definitely an issue in situations like this . 
   what stops them from cleaning it ? 
  other people inside the shower and toilets ? 
  would you clean a public toilet in your country because it 's dirty ? 
  dirty facilities like that breed disease , it 's simply not good to let them go unchecked . 
  what stops children in school from cleaning the toilets ? 
  or train travellers ? 
   probably because it 's a refugee shelter and not michelin-starred restaurant . 
  mundane and repetitive food is really not good for metabolism , the healthiest way to eat is diverse . 
  again a health issue if kept up for very long periods of time ( see [ scurvy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scurvy ) )  nobody cared if that was kosher , halal , pork or whatever nonsense you come up with during peace time . 
  glad we are not in wartime then , does n't mean you should lie ( if his allegations are true ) about stuff like that . 
  if someone was lactose intolerant you also would n't lie to him . 
  sure it wo n't kill anyone , but i doubt they would have any issue providing halal food . 
   as the immigrants will never settle anywhere near them anyway not true at all . 
  almost every administrative district has a refugee centre and many are currently in old schools and gymnasiums . 
  everyone is affected in germany , naturally cities slightly more than rural areas , but still . 
   pretend daddy does n't have a chalet in italy holy shit my dad lied to me this whole time !, 
  if my dad really had a chalet in italy i would n't be studying i would just be working as junior-executive-chief in his company . 
   and of course mass rape only happens to working class girls yeah i 'm going to need a source on that  so essentially the people who will never have immigrants in their neighbourhoods are less worried about immigration ? 
  and that . 
  you claim stuff without backup and then demand sources from other people ? 
  reals, 
  [ you talking about this ? 
  ] ( http://www.infratest-dimap.de/typo3temp/_processed_/csm_ard-deutschlandtrend_oktober2015_15_a7a05606ab.png ) poll about `` i am afraid about the mass of refugees coming to germany '' separated by basic education ( highest on top ) and income ( again highest on top ), 
  yea but if germany could defeat russia by 41 ' ( which was not unlikely seeing that russia received tons of help from usa/britain and stalin almost left moskau which would drop the low morale a lot ) they would n't have any serious opposition in europe , could probably push the british out of northern africa and control the mediterranean completely . 
  then it would be for the us/britain to fight a two-front war for years with germany having basically all the time in the world to just set up defensively with now part of the russian war-industry at its back . 
  i think it would have collapsed from the inside eventually rather than by intervention from the allies . 
  polish , french , dutch basically all nations had more or less massive resistance movements that germany could not have surpressed forever , especially with a new russian resistance . 
  finally the fearmongering works , so glad regular people now associate everything , even slightly alien with islamic invasion . 
  [ the age distribution is rather broad ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/regional.php ) but a large number is even below 18 years and only a fraction is above 60 . 
  assuming an even distribution among the 18-59 year olds and a minimum age of 21 for a finished university degree around 28 % of all syrian refugees were not even able to get a university degree in their lifetime . 
   https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/otto_von_bismarck#social_legislation  refusing doing similar and talking over there young male generation to fill our cheap labor markete not helps them and no one is doing that , these people seek refuge , not we seek cheap labour , we did that in the 60 's and 70 's with mostly turkish workers , but this is totally different . 
   1.5 m a quarter how did you get from 1.5 m a year to 1.5 million a quarter ? 
  i do n't get it ... anyways , by that rate next year we would have emptied all refugee camps of syrian , afghan and iraqi refugees and be done with it anyways ... you people blow this shit so much out of proportion it 's not even palpable , why do you cite news articles that in return cite politicians speeches as valid sources for anything ? 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  i gave you official numbers from the agency responsible for every refugee entering germany , they specificially say 300.000 have registered and they ** guess ** 577.000 have entered germany until october 2015 , what the future brings is really hard to tell , historically figures go down in winter which can be expected this year as well , maybe at a lower decrease rate , but who knows . 
  according to [ bamf ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/201509-statistik-anlage-asyl-geschaeftsbericht.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) only around 5.000 out of 300.000 applicants have unidentified nationalities in 2015 ( until 01 . 
  october ) , that 's 1.6 % . 
  the bamf has multiple measures to identify these people even without any passports , including sending them to embassies of `` probable countries '' where their identity can be confirmed  125.000 davon waren aber geduldete , bei denen beispielsweise die identit\u00e4t unklar und eine abschiebung daher schwer m\u00f6glich ist . 
  not all 125.000 have unclear identities , there are many reasons you can be `` gedulded '' it 's just a term used mostly for refugees that do n't fall under the geneva-refugee conditions . 
  it does n't and i never said that , i said they designed their engines so it initially has test values below emission standards under certain conditions . 
  define cheat . 
  everyone designed cars that pass the emission tests . 
  vw did it with an electronic device that detected the test and adjusted its consumption , everyone else `` cheated '' just in a more complex way adjusting their engines to always uphold the values under test conditions without special electronics . 
  they are only allowed to leave the country they have asylum in for a 3 months period with a tourist visa and they are not allowed to work in other countries . 
  if they violate these terms they do n't have asylum anymore and can be deported . 
  so am i actually , the fact that italy has been calling the eu for years about refugee issues and almost nothing has been done is just frustrating . 
  and i would n't really care what they decide , even if they say we close all borders , i would be fine , i would n't agree , but it 's something at least . 
  this legal limbo everyone is swimming in right now and the fact it is not going to die down and germany seems to stop taking in any more refugees is all surely going to increase the need for a solution even more . 
   they are searching for safety and after that safety is provided the host country 's responsibilities effectively end . 
  so they do and so germany deports kosovo refugees from the 90 's today . 
   war is often a deliberate action between three parties and more in general war , i would maybe agree , civil war is a more complex matter , in war usually the opposing parties take care of their respective citizens , but if a country is divided it ca n't provide that anymore . 
   if i wanted migrant workers and imigrants i 'd rather just have migrant workers since i can deport them by revoking their work/residency visa in around two weeks time . 
  and every country is free to migration legislation , we have many differences in european countries . 
  no one is asking anyone to serve them citizenship on a silver platter and no one is doing so . 
  in germany they need a steady income ( 35k/year ) over 5 years and have to take an `` integration '' test in most states . 
  refugees = / = migrants that 's a very important distinction . 
  you can choose which people you want to integrate , but you ca n't choose which people come knocking at your door . 
  i am convinced every single refugee will be processed equally and will go through bureaucratic hell already before even being granted asylum . 
  the ones rejected will mostly leave germany as they have almost no chance to find work and get minimal support . 
  there is really no reason for this whole outrage ( that honestly only seems to exist on facebook and / r/europe ), 
  thank you for clarifying . 
  germany also has internal problems . 
  i am not sure what that is supposed to tell me ? 
  of course i understand that the eastern countries are not as economically proficient as the western countries ( even here in germany we still have the divide , no dax company is in the east ) , but that does n't mean you should n't take in * any * refugees . 
  of course they have to be distributed according to the resources in any given country , but it 's also not possible to all dump them in one country . 
  germany is more than willing to take the biggest share ( as in anything else european for that matter ) , but it 's also unsustainable for germany and sweden to do it all by themselves and it 's not gon na help anyone , especially not legit refugees if everyone just shuts down . 
  not anymore , a recent change in refugee policy stopped supplying anything to rejected cases . 
  edit : this obviously ca n't violate german constitutional law that supplies medical care and the likes , they do n't get any more money is what i 'm saying, 
   expected to receive 1.4 million expected people to arrive !, 
  acceptance rate is around 40 % for years ( and for september this year ) already , so no more than 600.000 will be accepted even if the very doubtful number of 1.5 million that `` bild '' cited was true . 
  again my source is the official agency handling all refugee applications in germany and until september 303.000 were registered , of which 39.1 % got accepted ( ~ 120.000 ), 
   it 's just about believing/disagreeing with the government and trying to make up facts to fit the belief . 
  as a scientist i try to be as objective as i can on any topic , but of course i am not exempt from a certain bias . 
   it 's always about benefit but sometimes it 's about win-win too . 
  i think that 's the point here , there was a john oliver piece on / r/europe a while ago and while most of his argumentation was rather ... sketchy he did conclude that we do take a certain risk of overwhelming ourselves and letting in terrorists or people unwilling to work , but we also have a chance to open our doors to people in need , that are willing to work and can improve our society . 
  i think that these benefits for all refugees and our society outweigh the potential risks we take . 
   but you clearly made it sound as if your taxes and sole purpose of your wellfare state is not to work on your people but for benefit of those in need outside of your borders .
