  we technically have monarchies in europe too and who is to say that a monarchy is the worst way of government ? 
  do n't you think a good monarchy is better than a bad democracy ? 
  is an empire worse than a republic ? 
  i think that 's exactly the problem in this discussion , people think they know best and we live in the best society ever created and nothing will ever top that . 
  even winston churchill , a man fighting mainly against fascism said  democracy is the worst form of government ok it was followed by  except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time . 
  but that just shows he knew that it was n't the end all be all of politics or social order . 
  what i am getting at here is that dismissing everything that is n't your world view , is not going to make your statements any more right . 
   `` female genital mutilation type i and iv is prevalent in indonesia ; 97.5 % of females from muslim families ( at least 85 % of females in indonesia ) are mutilated by age 18 . '', 
  99 % of jewish males have mutilated genitalia , why is no one hating on that ? 
   i know its `` hip '' to hate the man but please do n't turn delusional and actually think islamic states are just as good as western ones . 
  i know its `` hip '' to hate on muslims because they are different but please do n't turn delusional and actually think that everyone in islamic states agrees with everything their respective state/religious `` official '' does . 
  and can we please get away from the fallacy that i claimed saudi arabia was better than germany/western countries , because i never did . 
  i simply rejected the statement of it ( and other me countries ) being shit compared to the western world , because it 's simply untrue . 
  yes saudi arabia and many other countries have laws/practices that i do n't agree with and that i think are inhumane . 
  but i also think that about the usa , russia and germany itself . 
  the thing that bothers me is that we put ourselves on to some kind of pedestal , like we stand above it all and got spoon-fed with wisdom since the beginning of time . 
  europe was in a process for a very long long time and developed thanks to the middle eastern region , just read up on the renaissance for a second and you will see that it was mainly the trade and exchange with the ottomans and other nations that led europe to really flourish . 
  now we made a development in one direction and it turned out pretty well for us . 
  but are we really in a position to judge other nations for their decisions ? 
  is suppressing minorities now worse than gassing them a few decades back ? 
  are suicide bombers as a military tactic worse than kamikaze , atomic bombs or poison gas ? 
  if you have a clear answer to any of these action i can call you biased at best and delusional at worst . 
  sorry , the world is not black and white . 
  also even if we could generally agree that the east is worse than the west , what would it gain is to isolate ourselves and to despise the `` others '' and label them as enemies ? 
  we had the cold war , we had the crusades , we had so much shit coming from the exact same ideology i do n't understand how people can forget history that quickly and turn to xenophobia and `` us/them '' thinking again in our times . 
  absolutely agree with you , we do n't have to change the ways we live or we handle things , women , blacks , gays , jews have all the rights in my country and no one should be able to take that from them , that 's absolutely out of the question . 
  people that rape women should be persecuted and judged based on german law . 
  so should murderers and racists . 
  that some migrants have other views at times is out of the question too , my neighbour has other views than me . 
  the thing is though that generalizing `` their culture '' is to blame for the misbehaviour of a ( not so ) few is wrong imo , that 's what i am trying to argue . 
  i met a lot of refugees through my universities program and we have a lot of muslim students here and to me , they seem no different than anyone with heritage from my country . 
  sure they have different believes and to an extend different world views , but they have their dreams and desires just as anyone else . 
  who am i to label them inferior ? 
  that 's what 's bugging me about this discussion . 
  why would they be `` subhuman '' just because they think differently in some aspects ? 
  if history teaches us anything then that diversity is only beneficial to a society , to our world . 
   like do you really want to go into the living standards and equality for first world nations compared to islamic ones ? 
  why not , let 's stick to facts though . 
   you realize you can actually be killed by people throwing stones at you in those countries ? 
  well it 's a basic physical law , so you can be killed by people throwing stones at you in any place on the world , probably the universe . 
  i am going to give you the benefit of the doubt though and assume you are referring to stoning as a form of judicial punishment , then yes that can happen if you commit certain crimes ( although very seldom ) , in the usa you can be poisoned to death or electrocuted . 
  different countries have different penalties on different crimes , which ones are better or worse ? 
  is it better to lock someone up for the rest of his life or kill him right away ? 
  and anyway countries still have jurisdictional right on their soil . 
   a man can legally rape his wife in saudi arabia well it 's not classified as rape then ( although i would agree it should be )  the wife does not have authority over her own body but yields it to her husband . 
  in the same way , the husband does not have authority over his own body but yields it to his wife . 
  this sounds like a free passage to martial rape ( both ways ) [ source : 1 corinthians 7 ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1%20corinthians%207&amp;version=niv ) until the 90 's most european countries and the us did n't outlaw marital rape , in 1984 the british criminal law revision committee stated in their report :  the majority of us ... believe that rape can not be considered in the abstract as merely ` sexual intercourse without consent ' . 
  the circumstances of rape may be peculiarly grave . 
  this feature is not present in the case of a husband and wife cohabiting with each other when an act of sexual intercourse occurs without the wife 's consent . 
  so in all merely 20 years ago we ( our parents ) had the same/similar views on marital rape than you blame saudi arabia for . 
   are you seriously comparing that to western europe and saying saudi arabia comes out on top ? 
  stop twisting my words please ? 
  you said islamic countries are all shit compared to our so far advanced civilization , which i simply called wrong . 
  i did n't say saudi arabia `` comes out on top '' . 
   as a woman who traveled in multiples islamic countries and actually works with refugees it is obvious that they have a different idea on the position of women . 
  yes they do , but not in the way people here are pointing out and most european nationalists tend to think . 
  everyone has different views to a degree and yes obviously their culture is somewhat different than ours , that does not mean it is n't `` compatible '' , many things in our cultures and religions originated in the orient and from islamic cultures . 
  europe is not this insulated island that developed independent of the rest of the world . 
   so do n't hold saudi arabia as some kind of good standard . 
  i did n't , i simply stated that even islamic countries have hard ( sometimes even way harder ) punishment on rape and that it 's not a `` common '' occurrence as people make it out to be  also islamic countries are shit compared to first world western ones . 
  people like you prove that 's not really the case, 
   without a man being a witness . 
  that 's not the case in germany , 
   in absolute numbers the criminal rates would increase even if there was only 1 criminal in the migrating population . 
  i believe op meant absolute rates and not relative rates so there is nothing wrong with his statement . 
  yes obviously , that 's why specifically said `` rates '' , it 's pretty obvious general criminality would go up and i did n't really dispute his point , just expand on it to come to my second , central point . 
   what frustrates me most is that people in germany are unwilling to acknowledge that the vast majority of these parimarily male immigrants have completely different ideas on the position of women in society , and that these views are plainly incompatible with our western norms and values . 
  what frustrates me most is that people in europe are unwilling to acknowledge that the vast majority of these primarily legit refugees do n't have completely different ideas on the position of women in society , it 's not like there are constant rapes in every single majorly islamic country in the world , in fact the punishment for rape in saudi arabia is death . 
  they are people like everyone else , most husbands love their wives and would never hit or rape them , most fathers love their daughters and want them to grow up unharmed and safe without being raped and most men are not rapists . 
  people here claim that all those things are not true , because they are savages and not civilized , you have n't been paying attention . 
   what i will say is that when a country takes in 1 million war refugees then this sort of thing is bound to happen . 
  that 1 million will have all sorts in it , from desperate families to sadistic , ungrateful morons . 
  to condemn migrants as a whole because of this is ludicrous but equally you must accept that mass migration will mean a spike in the criminal population as well as in other areas . 
  it would only spike criminal rates if the migrating population is overly criminal ( which there is 0 indication of ) or if the societal position of the group `` encourages '' criminal behaviour and i think the second point is the more relevant one here . 
   uneducated , poor , angry young men taking pleasure in causing trouble . 
  did n't understand the need then , do n't understand it now . 
  the question is , why are these groups of young men travelling the streets harassing people , mostly women and generally causing trouble . 
  that 's not a phenomenon unknown here in germany ( or anywhere i guess ) and in many cases the majority of the people are coming from migrant families ( anecdotal ) , but there are not a small number of german youths or eastern european immigrants , so blaming it on `` their culture '' is stupid imo . 
  the fact is , in many cases these people have a lower social standard than other people , sometimes that is based on their ethnicity , sometimes it 's just a local phenomenon . 
  i think instead of blaming certain groups of people we should try to integrate everyone , and by that i do n't mean assimilate them , but give them the opportunity to work , give them a prosperous future or at least an opportunity for them to create that future themselves . 
  at least do n't exclude them , probably stopping to calling them `` them '' and us `` us '' is going a long way already . 
  we are all not really different on this planet , you can clearly see that in the demographic development on our planet , once more prosperous we have less crime , better health , more stable governments , etc. 
  that 's a global phenomenon , not a european achievement , we should try to drop our biases to wards certain regions of the earth , because they are mostly wrong or at least outdated . 
  check out hans rosling and his [ gapminder project ] ( http://www.gapminder.org ) . 
  actually only around 425.000 refugees have been processed in germany until december with an overall acceptance rate of ~ 45 % , so roughly 192.000 accepted refugees . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/201511-statistik-anlage-asyl-geschaeftsbericht.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) now this is the amount of people being processed , just like in 1992 it will probably continue to drag along unprocessed people that are already in germany next year , but i think it is safe to assume that this year will not see more than 500.000 processed and 250.000 accepted refugees in germany . 
  by the end of the year it is probably going to be slightly more people than arrived in 1992 [ source ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ), 
  probably because they are the last person between production and the customer ? 
  that would be one explanation . 
   do you think there is anything positive that the west can do in order to help syria and end is that would n't be considered as imperialist meddling ? 
  no  i would like to remind you that by now we 've drifted significantly off topic . 
  i am well aware of that  it 's a discussion though so no harm done right ? 
   the fact that you would put football hooligans and islamic fundamentalists in the same bucket is a very simplistic way of dealing with the issue . 
  `` nah , ignore them idiots man , they 're just crazies like you find everywhere . '', 
  i never said you should ignore extremism , i simply said it 's not a problem only islam or the middle east has . 
  and yes it was a simplified view for the sake of an argument . 
   islam is a warlord 's religion . 
  it 's not a football team fan club . 
  i know i know a few football ultra groups i 'd rather not cross paths with either . 
  they just happen to live in europe , besides that their ideologies do n't differ that much .
