   yes you did . 
  no i did n't , i said it 's one reason for the rise of isis and similar groups before them and if you go on and deny that american intervention in afghanistan was a key influence in the creation of al qaeda then you are just naive and/or blind . 
   after you finish backtracking your previous statements we can continue ok ? 
  how am i backtracking ? 
  i said we influenced their politics , supported single groups , neglected others and intervened militarily which was perfect breeding ground for extremists groups . 
  again i never said `` the us is isis and literally hitler '' . 
  i said our intervention supported certain movements within the local population , which i still firmly stand to . 
   indonesia has a stable-ish government that ensures there is some prosperity to be had for the majority of the population . 
  but it 's a very bad example which clearly shows your ignorance on the topic . 
  indonesia has its fair share of islamic extremists . 
  you seem to try and defend the idea that not all muslims are terrorists . 
  that 's nice and all but nobody suggested otherwise so you 're being defensive for nothing . 
  you can find articles about terrorist cells operating from within countries on any given country in the world ( see belgium recently ) , i do n't see how that discredits my point , which was that indonesia , having a largely muslim population has nowhere near the level of western influence in politics and nowhere near the level of terrorist activity and organization as some middle eastern countries have . 
  and from your source :  there is no organised hierarchy of radical islam in indonesia which shows your ignorance , not even bothering to read the source you provide ...  no , it 's not . 
  the sunni / shia conflict is raging in that part of the world for the last thousand years . 
  off course you 'll see sunni soldiers defect an army led by shia generals . 
  off course you 'll see shia soldiers run away when told to liberate sunni villages . 
  those villages sometimes did n't want to be liberated , and shia did n't want to fight to ensure sunni security . 
  this stupid myth that the us `` made '' the is is propagated by the ignorant . 
  is formed because the sunnis lost their privileged role in iraqi society after the war and the shia came back with a vengeance after decades of oppression under saddam . 
  that 's the same back and forth that 's been going on in that part of the world for the better part of a millennium , we now just have better media coverage of it and the arrogant western attitude that it 's all about us . 
  and you will see sunnis and shia fight together against a common enemy if it 's necessary . 
  yes these conflicts exist ( partly because of their background as colonies / `` allies '' in the world wars ) , they exist between protestants and catholics to this day in many regions in the world too , most of them being moderate though , because they live in politically stable environments . 
  this time you are oversimplifying the topic saying `` well sunni and shia do n't like each other so every conflict stems from this divide '' and that 's simply not doing it justice . 
  it works in so many other countries and societies around the world that it simply ca n't be the only contributing factor . 
  i am not , however denying that it can in fact be a factor . 
   that 's a really shitty response that goes right past the issue . 
  the middle east is n't some precious flower that was crushed by western imperial boots . 
  they are n't killing each other like crazy because of western meddling . 
  they 've been doing that since roman times without any issue . 
  my argument was that the current troubles are the modern phase of the same age old conflict , the west is just a recent player on that scene and the importance of its contribution is hugely overstated , mostly by the ignorant westerners themselves . 
  that 's not doing any justice to history really . 
  yes there were regional conflicts before western influence reached the region , just like in any other region , some religiously motivated , some power games , just like in europe or any other region in the world really . 
  when the major players from europe started in the early 1900 's to intervene in mesopotamia , shit really started to hit the fan though ( whether this was * because * of western influence at the time should be discussed further ) . 
  i do n't think the influence of the most influential societies in the early 1900 's leading to 2 world wars and the drawing of the borders we have today can be overstated . 
  you certainly can not deny that inventing a state inside the borders of another state and enforcing its `` legitimacy '' with military power is not going to have an influence on a region . 
  whether you believe it or not , britain , france and germany shaped the conflicts we see today back in 1918 . 
  i actually think the first world war was way more influential in current geopolitics than the second one . 
   if india could form a republic uniting thousands of different languages , numerous ethnicities and huge development disparities then why could n't iraq do it on a much , much smaller scale ? 
  india is working based on a caste system , not on a self reliant society . 
  everyone `` knows '' their place and the lower ones are oppressed by the next higher ones so no one can really dance out of line , totally different topic though so i am going to leave it with that . 
  the current government of india is also massively working against everything you hailed india for . 
  they are imposing a hindutva , forbidding other religions and enforcing hindu rules on everyone ( cows can not be slaughtered legally anymore , etc. ), 
  which may lead to conflicts soon ( they are only in power since 2014 iirc )  why did south korea make it ? 
  common enemy  why did vietnam ? 
  i would n't really take vietnam as a prime example of a peaceful working society , they actually made a similar development like iraq only they were backed heavily by russia/china at the time , so powerful allies on both sides with one finally backing out . 
   why did singapore ? 
  it 's a fucking city !, 
  under british control it emerged towards a central financial hub . 
   why did eastern europe ? 
  because every resistance was broken over 60 years of communism , why do you take such terrible examples ... they have nothing to do with your point at all . 
   why did south america ? 
  south america is so far from a utopian society as you make them out to be . 
  and they are not homogeneous at all , you ca n't compare brazil with peru . 
  but many actually do have major problems with their numerous ethnicities and huge development disparities . 
   why did south east asia emerge from colonialism to stable independence ? 
  uhm , they did n't ? 
  southeast asia is constantly in conflict up until the 80 's and then you have shit like the khmer going on too ...  why did south africa reconcile and move forward ? 
  because they were never really fought over by two parties and probably not important enough for britain to keep them down any longer . 
   you think there was no imperialist meddling in these cases , supporting one side or the other through every internal conflict they had ? 
  in many cases there was , in many cases there was n't . 
  most of these regions are former colonies that never really traded hands and/or were not part of major conflicts fought out in proxy . 
  there are a million and one reasons any given instance is different than another . 
   maybe they need more time , but i do n't think western meddling is what 's keeping them down . 
  could it be their own lack of will or potential to reform as societies ? 
  most likely they do and i am sure not treating them as pi\u00f1atas is going to do a whole lot actually . 
  i do n't think any society is inherently less willing to reform or progress . 
  thing is though a society has to grow , you ca n't just skip a step in societal development , everyone has to pull on the same string and the region is just very fractured , maybe more so than others for one reason or another . 
   why could n't syria reform peacefully ? 
  well you answered that question with your next question  did assad start shooting the opposition because of western meddling ? 
  he of course did it trying to secure his own power , which in return was `` given '' to him/his family by whom again ? 
   in short , i was just listing my arguments as you suggested and i addressed each and every part of your post . 
  i 'm pretty sure you wo n't return the favour and you 'll just nitpick one little item ignoring all the rest if you respond at all . 
  sorry to disappoint . 
   i 'd love to read a well written , rational refutation of my arguments but i 'm mostly sure you wo n't do it . 
  you be the judge of that now . 
  well , that 's just like , your opinion man . 
  you are probably right , we will not be agreeing on anything here , but it 's important to spell it out i think . 
  the matter of fact is every religion , region , nationality , football club , has fanatics that would go to extremes . 
  isis and other islamic groups have way more widespread support in the local population than other groups though . 
  just take a guess , why not every islamic country is housing terrorist groups , take indonesia for example . 
  surely there is not one single cause to anything , i never claimed the * only * reason isis exists is because iraq got invaded , but seeing iraqi military defect to become the initiators behind is is no coincidence . 
   plenty of other places on this planet had had their fair share of imperialist medling and they did n't end up like syria , lybia or irak . 
  that 's a really weak argument . 
  the many places of earth are not really comparable and if you take a very prominent example of imperial meddling then you 'll see that the major oppressive force was repelled as well by guerilla tactics and insurgent acts ( i am talking about the us here ) . 
  vietnam repelled an oppressive force because they could unite even anti-communist forces against the common enemy that bombed their houses to the ground . 
  maybe you can give me a good example of your argument , then i might be more inclined to give it any value . 
   wait and see if the side we support in the proxy war makes a winning move . 
  that 's exactly the thought of mind that brought us where we are . 
  we have been meddling with their politics for decades already , we have supported one side and neglected the other , or worse played them out against each other . 
  we tried to influence them with money and power making them corrupt to the bone in the first place . 
  our intervention is what made them resent us , not their religion or their government . 
  sure you ca n't fight a military organization without some fire . 
  but the core issue at defeating isis is not the lack of military might against them . 
  it 's the support lines we refuse to cut because we want to be friends with the saudis . 
  no one in the west really gives a fuck about syria . 
  the war is going on for years already and we did n't care at all . 
  now that it is hitting us one way or another we say `` military intervention is necessary '' and some people call bullshit on that , rightfully so . 
  i am not going to claim a universal `` this solves all our problems '' solution , because there is none . 
  but imo , the power games we played , particularly in the middle east , is what brought this misery and we are dearly paying for it now .
