  same goes for political refugees , i do n't think that ukraine is that bad though , you might get weird looks on the street , but you do n't have to fear for your life . 
  this shitty system germany put in place is a ** basic human right ** and acknowledged by every fucking country in the eu . 
  it 's the right for asylum if you have to fear for your life in your home country and one of the best humanitarian concepts . 
  get off your high horse and try to put yourself in their shoes just for a second . 
  which is completely legit in my book . 
  why should n't they have the right to choose the country they want to build a new life in after having their previous ones destroyed without their influence ? 
   a refugee by meaning would stay in the country they end up first in eu that 's incorrect . 
  you would have to * register * in that country , but then get redistributed to another country ( currently based on voluntary quotas ) . 
  this is so countries like italy , greece and hungary do n't have to take in all the refugees knocking at europe 's door ( austria for example does n't even have an `` outside the eu border '' except for switzerland and would thus never have to deal with any refugees . 
  yea funny thing is everyone arguing your way has no solution whatsoever to the influx already happening , we could starve them at our doorsteps i guess at least we would n't be doing that to ease our minds . 
  i agree with you on haiti and africa , most of it is due to mismanagement though rather than `` the bad in helping '' . 
  the same thing could be said about trying to give cpr to someone with a broken leg , yeah his help is useless or even harmful but that 's because he 's giving the wrong help , not because he 's trying to help in the first place . 
  the thing is we need coordinated policies to deal with this issue , because there are refugees in the millions still camping in turkey and lebanon and many will try to come to europe eventually . 
  not because germany is advertised but because their home country is bombed to bits and they face genocide if isis catches up to them . 
  they come to germany to get official asylum status , which allows them to get citizenship somewhere down the line . 
  many will not return even if the conflict clears in the future and even so , while they are here why not give them something to do ( as they are not allowed to work while they are being processed ), 
  just as you hear `` holy shit '' in every redneck gun video on youtube a couple of times . 
  ok let 's look at those two options for a moment turkey : live in a refugee camp where currently around 2 million other syrians live indefinitely , with little prospect of being able to migrate and even then the country is not much more progressive than the one you just fled germany , sweden : social welfare states that already integrated ( more or less successfully ) islamic communities and are known to be rather tolerant countries that can help you immediately and accept your refugee status while supplying you the best possible short term aid . 
  no doubt you would go to turkey because it 's safe and you can live there in a fucking camp for the 5 next years . 
  you could say the same for germany , most migrants want to stay in nrw , baw\u00fc and bayern ( the economically most successful states ) but they are distributed based on local gdp , no one prevents the uk from doing the same thing and sending some to scottland . 
  if we keep having the same policies towards current war torn countries as we had in the past , try 20 years . 
  kosovo is still a shit hole today . 
  to me you are a person defined by your actions and your actions alone . 
  you ca n't blame every american for us military involvement , nor can you blame any frenchman for sinking greenpeace ships or ukrainians for blowing up nuclear reactors . 
  someone is to blame for all these actions , but not an entire people . 
  the american civil war tried to establish the exact opposite of what you said , a racial equality ( at least in parts or steps ) , it 's just that both pro and contra parties were equally powerful that let it escalate to a conflict . 
  also there is no indication in the article that this guy was in fact not a german citizen ( he may have had pakistani roots , but i have yet to see a source citing him as a pakistani resident or his occupation in germany ) so i do n't really see why this whole thing blew into a immigrant discussion again , but here we are . 
  i have seen jews demanding ridiculous things from germany , i have seen neo-nazis in germany demanding a foreigner free germany or even europe ( especially these days ) and yes i have seen muslims demanding muslim oriented schools as well . 
  there are extremists everywhere and maybe there are more on one side than another , that still does n't mean everyone is an extremist and our law by default declares you innocent until proven otherwise and that 's one of the fundamental things of a democratic state . 
  i simply fail to recognize why you would view it differently for immigrants/foreigners than for locals . 
  imagine a flood of ukrainian refugees in poland just to have similar cultures . 
  i am certain there would be a similar outrage . 
  a lot of people complained about polish and russian immigrants in germany in the past probably because we were shitting on them and treating them as subhuman for centuries already . 
  but that has to stop and i sadly see this repeated again . 
  if this was 1939 we would blame everything on the muslims and someone would go ahead and propose internment camps for them ... history repeats itself right now and i am fucking scared to be honest . 
  two of the most powerful nations in europe 's history , sworn arch enemies for centuries , killing each others in the millions , finally decided after years of carnage , to form a union and to live in peace to correct our history and swearing not to repeat these mistakes again and we want to throw that out because of a few refugees that look , talk and pray differently than we do . 
  if you know anything about our shared history about the wars we shared , especially the recent ones then you should know that hatred and prejudice towards other peoples is the most inhumane thing you can do without directly hurting anyone . 
  i just hope this crisis will show people that these `` invaders '' are in fact just people , like you and me , looking for a new home because they were bombed and driven out of theirs . 
  their problems are ours now , whether they were born here or not , they want to become part of our society and we should help them instead of crucifying their entire people for the actions of some extremists , idiots and low-lifes . 
   if you want a less ridiculous example just look at how visa requirements for countries change depending on the nationality of the applicant . 
  this has more to do with politics between those countries than racial treats and comparing war time collateral damage to racial generalization is very very far fetched . 
  i understand where you are coming from . 
  my point was simply to show you that you and everyone else has certain prejudices towards different races/cultures/peoples / nations . 
  your view of germany , sweden , gb and obviously france is rather positive from what i can tell and thus you will always be more positive towards them as you feel they are closer to you in mindset . 
  and your view on immigrants from islamic countries is rather negative , so every criminal act , every bad thing you hear about them will have a worse impact on your opinion about their whole race/nationality than if it was a german committing the crime . 
  all immigration issues aside , imagine reading about a burglary in your neighbourhood committed by a french citizen , now imagine you heard it was a french citizen with algerian roots . 
  i do n't think you should feel any different toward that person , he committed a crime unacceptable in your society whatever his background . 
  i just think every one person is responsible for their actions and unless someone really shows he 's a bad person i am not going to go ahead and generalize him based on what his fellow countrymen decided to do . 
  now i understand that our cultures differ , but i even feel uncomfortable with some cultures in my own country . 
  these people mostly want to join our culture and our countries , i just do n't see how rejecting them is going to benefit anyone . 
  and it is . 
  no one is advocating repressing any kind of journalistic freedom , the only thing that is actually happening here in this thread is open anti-immigration sentiment based on the action of a single individual . 
  that 's stupid generalization at best and blatant racism at worst , both of which are not really good foundations for any kind of problem solving . 
  no i do n't see your point , you say there are many people coming ... that 's all ? 
  well big news . 
  wow , so should you also kick out all british because some of them commit rape crimes . 
  i guess i am responsible for the holocaust too and every us citizen is at fault for millions of dead iraqi , afghan and lybian civilians . 
  you are responsible for torturing iraqi prisoners and for dianas death . 
  seriously how bigoted do you have to be to blame an entire race/nationality/people for the actions of one moron ? 
  maybe , maybe not , regardless if these people get accepted they have a right ( a globally accepted human right ) because they are refugees fleeing a country , because otherwise they would be killed . 
  let 's just assume for a moment we are able to sort out all the `` wirtschaftsfl\u00fcchtlinge '' ( economic refugees ) properly . 
  so please tell me why you would n't want to help them . 
  after reading my comment do you think all germans are super nice people that share the same view as me and are this tolerant ? 
  if not , ask yourself why you do this when it 's about immigrants/foreigners doing bad stuff . 
  i doubt all 800.000 people applying in germany will get refugee status probably more like 400.000 and as you said , current aid is too little to support all those , but i am fairly competent that a local economy that is increasing by more than 1 % every year can support a 0.5 % increase in population . 
  we can without a problem justify billions of $ to save greece or stupid greedy banks ( which is a necessary step ) but when it 's about people that are unlucky to be born in other countries we say we ca n't sustain 400.000 of them ? 
  and when a foreigner meets a german he is 17 ( arbitrary number just to get the point across ) times more likely to get attacked just because he is a foreigner , does that mean we should deport all germans ? 
  after all they are more likely to commit racist crimes . 
   you must examine who is doing it , and why , even if the results make you feel uncomfortable . 
  germans are probably more likely to commit other crimes , like tax fraud or it related crimes , should we deport all germans now because of this ? 
   i think europe has so far failed to help those people accept their new socierty they are supposed to live in . 
  so are we going to have more of the same with those new refugees or what is going to be different this time ? 
  absolutely agree with you !, 
  we need to have a europe wide solution to this problem , we need to integrate these people properly and not repeat the mistakes we made in the past . 
  sadly i am not seeing any progress towards this by our politicians so far . 
  99.9 % of the world did n't have the same upbringing as you did , even inside your country , it 's called diversity . 
   propensity to criminal behaviour . 
  to behaviour that is considered criminal in our country/society . 
  they will have to learn to obey the rules or end up in prison like this guy , again just because an individual commits a crime ( or because a certain range of people is more likely to commit a certain crime ) it is not justified to project this onto the entire culture/people/region / race/whatever that person is a part of . 
  who cares ? 
  exactly this . 
  to add on this , even if there are 17 times as many rapists among immigrants , what are you supposed to do ? 
  kick them all out on the premise of some of them being rapists ? 
  those are still crimes committed by individuals , no reason to project this onto an entire people . 
  no , he 's an individual and he will receive his punishment , no reason to project his actions onto an entire people, 
  i also did n't do anything you accused me of in your previous comments , so where does that leave us ? 
  i am not blaming them for that , i am simply saying that they handled a very sensitive situation with these , mostly religious , tensions already in place very poorly only to expand their influence and for financial gain and thus laid ground for the current crisis . 
  i am not saying anyone should be held accountable for that , neither do i imply that other nations at the time would have handled it differently . 
  i am simply saying that the actions back then have a direct impact on the current tensions in the middle east as the politics of instigating absolutist governments in these countries carried over to these days . 
  how is it not relevant to point out historical mistakes in a discussion about reasons for current events if they are directly or indirectly responsible for said events ? 
  if it stays at relevant history for the problem generally discussed in this thread , sure . 
  in between two homosexuals ? 
  how does that work ? 
  i recently saw a program about farms in the alps really struggling up to the point where they sometimes even need volunteers to keep their businesses running , i guess a lot of them would be helped with some extra hands . 
  not only that , but the conflicts leading up to these escalations were created when those states were created and colonized in the first place , guess who 's fault that is . 
  [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fzblsdm.png ) is a good indicator of where polish people like to migrate . 
  it shows 2nd largest nationality in each european country . 
  [ 3 days ago locals invited refugees in one of baw\u00fc 's `` erstaufnahmelager '' to a picknick ] ( http://www.swr.de/landesschau-aktuell/bw/ulm/ellwangen-spontanes-picknick-mit-fluechtlingen/-/id=1612/did=16076648/nid=1612/1he1gtn/ ) hundreds of people arrive there every week , most of them leave after a short time , the local population is mostly friendly and deal with the issue humanely and try to help . 
  and history repeats itself , i am kind of happy at least some of our citizens grew out of it and helped in munich and elsewhere . 
  apparently the greatest empire of the world still fancies themselves entitled after enslaving half the world and actually producing most of the tensions now present in the middle east .
