  the very definition of an asylum ** seeker ** is that he is the one seeking asylum in a foreign country and for that he has to enter that country . 
  they come to norway and apply for asylum , not the other way around . 
  so is assuming it is religious and all i did was correct that assumption , i never said it 's definitely non-religious , i just said there is nothing that indicates religious intention, 
  the guy above was making a specific contextless assumption , i am not , i am simply saying that the phrase can not be appointed to either religious or non-religious behaviour it 's just a phrase both parties use so there is no basis for assuming they are religiously motivated just because they use this phrase . 
   why do you conclude that it is secular or non-religious in this situation ? 
  because nothing in context indicates anything else ? 
   they are giving it religious context and performing violent actions in the name of their religion . 
  no they are not , that 's what i am saying the whole damned time . 
  if you have a phrase that is commonly used by a large group of secular or non-religious people in a secular or non-religious way and/or meaning , then why do you project it to be a generally religiously motivated thing if people do bad things and yell that phrase ? 
  you assume it is a religious motivation even though nothing , not even the slightest thing ( besides that phrase ) is associated with religion in this context . 
  and i am taking that last straw of the `` religious '' phrase away because it 's not a solely `` religious '' phrase anymore . 
  yes they are douchebags for throwing rocks and vandalizing the place , that does n't mean they are religious douchebags or all religious people are douchebags . 
   do you have a better one ? 
  i already outlined my position , just because some religious groups use these phrases does n't mean they are inherently bad or everyone using them is a terrorist ...  natural assumption if you are of the opinion they are bad people in the first place , it might be `` natural '' . 
  i do n't assume someone is religious just because they say `` merry christmas '' or `` bless you '' ( i bet the ku-klux-clan used these expression too )  it 's hardly a bad working theory . 
  it is, 
  i was always under the impression it 's similar to things like `` oh my god '' `` what the hell '' `` holy shit '' . 
  even atheists or secular people use them on occasion, 
  it 's like saying `` holy shit '' , `` oh my god '' or `` merry christmas '' these may have a religious background but that does n't mean everyone saying them is religiously motivated . 
   it 's obvious that in most vids majority of the refugees are men ... but somehow all the refuges are women and kids !, 
  every army in this planet consists of mostly men , yet there are more women in the world , how is it inconceivable that women just do n't join these violent outbreaks especially in cultures where partially women are seen as subordinates . 
   which could 've been prevented , and that is key here . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  you ca n't be 100 % safe from terrorist attacks . 
  you can also not be 100 % safe from lighting strikes , but they are both as likely to affect you personally and no one is crying for more safety measures against lightning strikes . 
  now that does n't mean we should n't try to prevent these attacks as we can influence them more than we can lightning strikes , i agree with the previous poster though that the hysteria that is `` terrorist attacks '' is blown out of proportion , there are more school shootings in the us than terrorist attacks , nobody seems to mind that , but once other ethnicities are the ones causing the terror we `` have to fight it '' with all means possible ( see latest `` clock-bomb '' bullshit ), 
   we should not treat buddhism and islam the same way , for example . 
  one of them is a much much more violent ideology . 
  no we should treat them exactly the same !, 
  if someone is not acting according to law he will be punished no matter if he is buddhist or islamic . 
  stop generalizing religions based on an agenda . 
  there are violent buddhists and violent islamists , no religion is inherently `` more violent '' that 's just bullshit , in fact most religions preach peace and unity first and foremost . 
   not a new rule . 
  a new country with that rule as an experiment . 
  everyone would be aware of it . 
  want to preach , move elsewhere , all moving expenses paid . 
  that 's in effect the exact same thing - . - i honestly would never want to live in either country  it 's orders of magnitude better than what many countries do now with the opinions they do n't like - prison , torture or murder . 
  at least in the west we are treating everyone the same instead of favouring certain races/religions/whatever over others . 
  yes it will , because you are only deemed a refugee when you actually have to fear that you are persecuted in your home country and if you are not a refugee you need a residence permit to stay in a country and if you do n't have work that pays for your bills , you wo n't get a german residence permit and if you do n't have a residence permit you will get deported . 
  if they did n't attain citizenship they might well be forced to move back , happened to many refugees from the balkans , although many also stayed , it all depends on the policies at the time . 
   moving people around is not . 
  [ oh it can be !, 
  ] ( http://www.yadvashem.org/yv/ru/holocaust/about/chapter_9/images/europe/03.jpg ) and you will be deported now because you think religion should be banned , because that 's the new rule we have . 
  not that nice huh ? 
   that alone would cover islam . 
  and a hole lot of other religions , you simply ca n't forbid views , not practically at least without drifting into a territory that is very , very dangerous . 
  residency in sweden is a bit easier as far as i can tell from [ this ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/private-individuals/becoming-a-swedish-citizen/citizenship-for-adults.html ) everything is the same as in germany although you need a steady income of at least ~ 22.000 $ / year in germany, 
   nah , honestly is christianity even that big of a problem anywhere ? 
  there are still many practising christians , especially in third world countries , that hang on the popes and bibles every word and then there 's the us neckbeards , like westboro , etc. 
  some of these guys think gays should be killed , abortion is not ok and even most contraception methods are literally the devil . 
  christianity is neither in practice nor in the essence a `` better '' , `` worse '' or `` less violent '' religion than islam and neither should be banned . 
   like no shouting `` fire ! '', 
  in a crowded theater well this is a bad example as it is not the word itself that is banned , it is the occasion in which it is used that is punishable , you probably cause mass hysteria and endanger people . 
   i could see a society with the freedom of speech , but most religions banned . 
  i could too , but many others would n't and what are you going to do when someone actually practices religion ? 
  put him in jail ? 
  i think that would even be a worse world than one with woman hitting muslims in it . 
  and let 's not forget that we only started to see women as equals some decades ago . 
  switzerland did n't allow women to vote on a federal basis until the 1970 's , many beaches were probed for `` appropriate swimwear '' in europe and the us in the 1920 's and the feminism movement , while sometimes irrational , has some reason to exist in the first place . 
   now obtain the citizenship no , we have way stricter rules to gain citizenship than just `` applying for refugee status '' and refugees will have to leave germany again once syria is deemed safe again . 
  yea but right after `` the border was opened '' , you would naturally expect a huge influx once a tiny bottleneck is opened into a bigger one . 
   for causing trouble . 
  illiterate much ? 
  [ much like this story from wwii ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkvc5o1uxaa ) where a german ace escorted a shot up b-17 out of germany , later the two pilots met up and are friends ever since . 
  are all americans/swedes hard working people ? 
  this post is on the front page twice already ... 
  yet other posts shedding some light into the crisis are deleted constantly . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/kkxhev980tw?t=13 ), 
   some want crime to be on the rise . 
  i think they want a valid reason to hate on immigrants/refugees/foreigners and the latest straw is crime statistics ... 
  thanks , i failed to mention that  also during the war germans were aggressively settled in conquered territory . 
  they did n't make that mistake again and deported 12 million ~ ~ ethical ~ ~ ethnic germans after the war . 
   needs more than just `` has stayed here for x years '' though specifically an income of around 25.000 $ / year for a single person, 
  yes many refugees from kosovo and other yugoslav countries were sent back in the 90 's, 
   it was said that your turkish workers would only be there temporarily decades ago . 
  we changed our immigration policy massively since then though , 
  as i said , once it is deemed safe ... 
  you 're just pathetic . 
  ~ ~ just go and fuck yourself ~ ~ you know what  yes you do . 
  it is no coincidence that germany has become the most self loathing country in europe . 
  this is bullshit , stop projecting something onto us that no one here feels or thinks , just because you think we do it because of that does n't make it true . 
   you literally ca n't say no to the migrants because you do n't want to be seen as nazis . 
  we will reject every applicant that is not a valid refugee , we will send them back once syria is safe again , we will not accept everyone and let them do whatever the fuck they want , we will treat them like any other refugee we will just treat them like every other fucking human being and not because we once gassed jews , but because we fucking care how other people are in the world , maybe not our government or our companies , but the people do , germany is the country with the highest amount of private donations and i am fucking proud of that . 
   ( and believe it or not acting all totalitarian and demanding the rest of europe deals with your problem will destroy the eu , because guess what , none of us are as pathetic as germans ) this is not our problem just because the great corrupt fuckhead of hungarian prime minister said so . 
  this is the refugees problem , this is syrias problem , the only thing we do is trying to help them instead of sending them into yet another journey and making them feel unwanted in the entire world . 
  and no one is more pathetic than you specifically . 
   your culture has become `` prostrate yourselves infront of the third world '' . 
  because you as a people still hate yourselves after ww2 , starting a war that killed tens of millions . 
  we owned up to our debt , our nation once started this war , many other nations still fail to do this . 
  nations that enslaved continents , that sucked every resource from occupied countries , that suppressed entire people until they would n't know how to help themselves anymore than to fight a war that they were sure to lose . 
  but this is not part of this debt !, 
   `` prostrate yourselves infront of the third world '' it 's better to bow than to break !, 
  you think putting corrupt governments in place where you suck oil out of the earth is going to work for you ? 
  you think sending your soldiers into countries just to get slaughtered by guerilla fighters is a smart idea ? 
  you think converting an entire island full of people is going to go over smoothly ? 
  you think pushing your ideas of governments and territorial separation on fucking nomadic people is smart ? 
  you are fucking morons , what you did in your history is more than we can ever be ashamed of and yet you still fail to see it , to live up to it . 
  the greatest empire that ever lived is now a tiny island that thinks it 's better off by itself than to cooperate . 
  i so hope you get the fuck out of the eu , i so hope it is going to back fire so badly for you that we can call you people `` economic refugees '' and not give a fuck about you . 
  the only thing i am worried about is that we would be good hearted enough to let you , that back stabbed us and never showed any sign of respect or decency back in .
