abortion . 
  probably . 
  apparently it 's the only thing that matters . 
  what are your langauge skills like ? 
  undoubtedly it will dictate where you move ? 
  ireland of course , is your easiest option due to us also speaking english . 
  frightening meat . 
  frightening . 
  you must like pain . 
  but seriously - thanks for all your hard work, 
  this . 
  he definitely seems to be on a crusade . 
  my personal perspective is that this phenomenon will be replicated europe wide as established political parties ignore their electorate 's concerns about refugee/ethnic minorities in their societies and accuse their own constituents of being racist . 
  out of curiosity , how would you further reduce the amount of guns in irish society ? 
   it might pressure some of the backwards loonies in ni to follow suit . 
  remember those guys point to the republic of ireland as a priest ridden backward country , while they live in an enlightened one . 
  nice editing of the title there . 
  what ** some ** europeans see when they look at germany . 
  i see the glue that 's currently holding it together . 
   whole streets stand abandoned in overstatement the least . 
  wow  the real estate prices are extremely high does not compute, 
  thank god . 
  i thought i was the only one . 
  much love . 
   maybe if we ever get a federalised uk then ireland could be tempted in as an equal member with boatloads of cash . 
   come on . 
  yes , you can have all of these things in germany or anywhere else in europe remember that the head of government of the biggest , most powerful country in the union invited them also . 
  it might have made it easier to believe . 
  they 're quite strident about their border controls . 
  your illustrious leader 's latest moves was probably a death knell . 
  world peace 2 . 
  both quality street and cadbury 's roses be returned to their original recipes 3 . 
  the ghost of jimmy saville to host totp at xmas, 
  / u/raising appears ... 
  you just got schooled . 
   fear of dublin irish here . 
  made me feel strange reading that . 
  this wo n't go over at all badly with people who think she 's lost touch . 
  he 's the prime minister . 
  not just any politician ... 
  we are not a good looking people . 
  seriously . 
  it 's why we 're so good at talking - we have to be to make up for it . 
  apparently at some point in our history , a bunch of viking raiders landed in ireland , stole all the good looking women and fecked off to iceland . 
  the o'brien candidate is the way to go, 
  about half the price i pay for swiss army surplus . 
  there 's either lots available , or none at all , so i try to buy some when it 's available i also have a k11 carbine - it 's neat comparing them, 
  your one is in much nicer condition than mine . 
  what 's the availability of gp11 like for you ? 
  how much per round ? 
  in / r/ireland i was downvoted for saying `` i do n't identify with the left '' . 
   i talked with turkish folks . 
  they told me that poland is backward country compared to the west and nothing special is here jesus what ? 
   said also that `` poland is not in europe '' is she serious ? 
  good, 
  because it 's cheaper and gets no votes for the average irish td, 
  this literally looks like they 're running from a landing craft at normandy, 
  might ? 
  dude , i was in school when it was happening . 
  history before our eyes . 
  and it sucked . 
  europe , you never stop amazing me . 
  i presented the link without comment to add to the debate . 
  good on you for reading my mind . 
  or trying to at least . 
  exactly, 
  oh , this [ guy again ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/former-ambassador-condemns-ireland-s-brexit-policy-1.3033774 ) `` a senior department source observes wryly that as bassett 's critiques of government policy on brexit have become more pronounced , he has been elevated in media descriptions from `` former diplomat '' to `` former high ranking diplomat '' to `` one of ireland 's most distinguished diplomats '' . '', 
  that 's not how it works . 
  they come back when they want to, 
  churchill opposed indian independence . 
  in the mars trilogy by kim stanley robinson the psychologist on the team regrets his decision to go to mars and obsesses about returning to france . 
  thabks for the picture, 
  that guy , apparently . 
  he keeps them in on of their secret vaults, 
  it 's not whisky . 
  it 's whiskey . 
  there are zero constitutional blocks that stop ireland from joining a military alliance . 
  none . 
  there are acts of the oireachtas , but the require a simple majority vote to pass . 
  it 's an oft repeated article of faith from many irish people , especially on reddit that neutrality is `` in the constitution '' to which i say , `` where ? '', 
  why ? 
  i really wish ireland would grow up and realize this is how the world works . 
  we fought for it . 
  won it too . 
  mostly . 
  march 2019 ca n't come soon enough . 
  some americanism just should n't cross the atlantic, 
  because this map is shite . 
   but germans and french civilian population are way too pacifistific to fight any war . 
  hahahahahahahahaha, 
   dulterous teenage * catholic * lover 's cafe . 
  ftfy, 
  i always hated this song . 
  they routinely go to sea in the worst weather , rescue tons of people , stop arms and drug shipments , and deal with the horror of life on the water , be it recovering the bodies of dead fisherman or victims of terrorism . 
  and this is the thanks they get . 
  i 've never understood the snide demeaning attitude most irish people have towards the defense forces . 
  unless their on un duty . 
  of course that 's just an excuse for irish people to brag about how great they are . 
  good . 
  i ca n't be the only person who thinks the cure for racism is n't more racism ?
