i simply meant that western politicians ' fear of bulgarians and romanians coming to their countries is actually simply fear of gypsies . . not the white bulgarian and romanian majority . 
  it is pretty sad if you consider how the same western politicians used to write reports about how the eastern countries should improve integration of gypsies to the majority and how the eastern europeans are such terrible racists cause they discriminate their minority . 
  and now , when there is only a theoretical possibility that these gypsies will try a better life in their countries , the politicians from the west start to panick , deport , break peoples ' rights of free movement and use gypsies as a cheap political tool to gain votes from primitive voters . 
  the morals which one would expect in the western part of europe are fading away . 
  : maybe it 's time to stop looking at the migration processes within the eu as at migration from one country to another one . 
  i 'd rather say that it is a move of the european citizens from one part of europe into another part of europe . 
  well , very bright of you how you got me on one word but i believe we both know how i meant it . . 
  finally all the restrictions aimed at the countries from eastern europe have disappeared . 
  it does n't require any deep thoughts to understand that giving different rights to different member states within one organisation is just not right . 
  if countries like uk , france , germany or the netherlands intended to create an `` elite club '' of rich and white people only , then they should have used their power of veto when deciding whether to let the eastern european countries in the eu in the first place . 
  i am kind of getting tired of some smart asses from the west panicking over countries from the east , even though they can hardly pronounce their name or place them on the map of europe . 
  just use spotify and you can mix up whatever playlist you wish for . 
  oh , forget it , you are stuck . 
  jeeez , man , maybe you should wake up from you cold war way of seeing things . 
  we are in 2013 . 
  countries who are in the eu are there because they decided to be there . 
  whatever the reasons are . 
  countries who are a part of the russian satellite system are there because russia wants them to be there and just wouldnt fucking let go . 
  it would be just great if russians finally gained their self-confidence back and stopped behave like lunatics anytime a country tries to get rid off their killing influence . 
  i kinda feel sorry for russians , must be hard to loose your national identity and power over the half of the world . 
  but it does n't excuse fucking up with other independent nations . 
  good luck , ukrainians , it wo n't be an easy fight . . 
  kru\u0161ovice, 
  sad numbers highlighting the stupidity of people . 
  well just go a bit back to the past . 
  slovenia as a part of yugoslavia had more open economy than the rest of the eastern bloc countries even during the dark communistic times so they had something to build on and the transormation to capitalism was n't so harsh for them . 
  also , luckily for them , they did n't get involved in the terrible balkan wars in the 90s and could grow constantly . 
  and then you can look at the structure of their public finance - much more debts then totally balanced estonians ... here we could start another debate about austerity . . oh and it 's also good to have a look at the graph from the perspective of the purchasing power parity . 
  you might be right . 
  but how does it excuse what russians have done to many slavic countries after the ww2 ? 
  what the germans did n't make till the end , the russians almost did . 
  with the difference that germans are pouring ashes on their heads ever since , apologize , pay money to victims ... have n't noticed any gestures like these coming from our russian brothers . 
  generations were fucked , the soul of the countires was broken . 
  and btw . 
  i do n't believe russians ' incentives to `` liberate '' were so crystal clear . 
  if they want to be a part of europe , they have to learn how to enter it . 
  not to break in with a tank and just overtake a foreign land . 
  this `` eto nasha '' way of doing politics is just fucked up . 
  well maybe putin commemorized polish victims of a certain soviet act . 
  but i was more comparing the way germans are dealing with their dark history and on the contrary how russians are dealing with the same dark history . 
  soviet concentration camps = labour camps built all over the soviet satellite states where people were put for their political beliefs , being a part of a social class and so on . 
   the memory of the fate [ of these victims ] fills me with deep sorrow and shame . 
  another point for merkel and germans generally . 
  i really wonder if putin or some other russian fuck will ever come to a soviet concentration camp which they had all over europe and where they murdered hundreds thousand people to say that they are sorry and feel sorrow ... probably not . 
  it really looks great to have balanced budgets , no debts ... they 've had these stunning figures for the last 20 years though and still estonians are leaving the country and not coming back . 
  the countryside is basically empty already which is a pitty cause it 's a beautiful one . 
  good that you mentioned infrastructure - that 's exactly where the government needs to start to invest right now . 
  beside others . 
  do n't really know what exactly you mean by `` increasing quality of life '' . 
  the question is how smart it is to put all the eggs in one basket only . 
  kinda fragile and dangerous in a way . 
  seems like the only investments the estonian government does is into it and high-tech . 
  how many jobs do these sectors actually create for people who did n't leave the country yet ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but estonians actually pay tons of all kind of taxes and the governmnt gives back nothing but it investments . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvchc4qbowi ) a junkie from prague followed by a documentarist for many years . 
  not sure if you can get subtitles though . 
  nice one . 
  probably the best contemporary music in europe comes from denmark . 
  perfectly written . 
  let me just add that it 's pretty frustrating to observe how more and more people ( this thread , be my witness ) become a target group for the mentioned populistic politicians and lose their ability to see the bigger picture . 
  alarming . 
  omg , are you shitting me ? 
  ok , so lets put fences and walls , and soldiers and bombs and i dont know what on the borders not to encourage desperate people to come in ... so much about your logics here . 
  welcome to north korea . 
  and i wo n't surely give you a list of countries where these people should go because i am not the one to solve this issue . 
  i am just saying that i find it extremely idiotic and sad turning your back to the poorest ones ... and by the poorest ones i do n't really mean homeless in france . . 
  well sure , im not saying all the immigrants should stay in malta . 
  the eu has to cooperate on this and make sure that the refugees just flow to the united european space since it 's been created already anyways . 
  does n't matter if a spoilt ignorant like you agrees or not . 
  whoever risks his life on a shitty boat to get to europe leaving everything behind , searching for a better life where he can actually expect it , i.e. 
  in europe , should be welcome and helped immediately once he really hits the european land . 
  seriously , if someone is in desperate need for help like this and we can provide it , then why not to help ??!!, 
  it 's not such a long time ago when even some europeans were running from communistic concentrations camps and prisons asking for help somewhere else . 
  thank god people like you were n't in charge to decide about their lives . 
  money laundering . 
  after all the atrocities which russians caused in the baltic states in the last century , they should only say one big sorry and shut the fuck up . 
  merkel is without doubt one of the best european politicians of the last hundred years . 
  if there is someone who can keep the european project alive , then it 's her . 
  no matter what pissed people in greece say . 
  you go , angela !, 
  oh , so to sum it up : when the opposition and media do n't agree with the government , it 's time the government started using `` a bit more authoritarian methods '' . 
  lets call all the opponets `` post-commie mafia and their left wing western allies '' to have an object with a name to restrict , lets make shut everybody up and let one party do what it wants . 
  you 're right , there is no perfect democracy . 
  but what you 're defending here is not even imperfect democracy , that is just bullshit . 
  obviously the hungarian political goualsh has gotten way too hot . 
  there is usually something wrong in a country where there is no balance between executive , legislative and judicial powers . 
  i 'm getting the feeling more and more that this disbalance has been happening in hungary right now . 
  i even read somewhere that the ratio of hungarians who fled the county during orban 's governance can be compared to the one during the communistic times . 
  this smells like totalitarian regime to me and i think the eu should show its political teeth . 
  or why has been turkey waiting in front of the eu doors for decades now whilst hungary is in ? 
  the comment which i reacted on hints that . . if i get it right, 
  well yeah , but i excluded the weirdly confused pastor directly from my thought . 
  plus this short video can only hardly describe the whole issue here . 
  or can you really make a conclusion based on this video that the romanians are coming to the west to destroy the welfare system ? 
  i do n't think so . . 
  what what ? 
  things like this have been happening for a long long time . 
  poor people from the east take the journey to the west to get out of their miserable life situation which is just not solvable in their home countries . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it and in many cases it simply shows kind of bravery of those who decide to change their life . 
  i guess it takes balls to pack what you have and leave for a country which you only know from talks .
