it 's just a random categorization of america . 
  if you do n't really know the us , it 's easy to assume that there is the bos-wash corridor , california and stuff in the middle . 
  i 'd guess it comes from popular culture which is skewed heavily towards the former two . 
  throw texas , miami , couple of sports cities , and maybe new orleans in and you probably got what the average citizen knows about america . 
  ha , that 's kind of morbidly funny . 
  it 's the minibuses in albania . 
  yeah ffs , theth and valbona are really beautiful and this sucks . 
  i hope this does n't deter people from going there . 
  albania is a great place all-around and there is just so much difference in such a small area . 
  kinda scary because i travelled in albania alone a couple of times . 
  using furgons is a way to be safe though . 
  there there . 
  thanks bot !, 
  oh right . 
  well he is definitely a symbolist which is a form of 19th century modernism . 
  taking that back then . 
  it 's a bit of a minefield of terms though and they encompass a lot of different things . 
  you can view some of his works on his [ website ] ( http://www.teemumaki.com/index.html ) . 
  he is quite a good artist with a lot of thought-provoking projects . 
  he wrote an [ essay ] ( http://www.teemumaki.com/essayskissa.html ) about the cat in 2004 , 16 years after he made the piece . 
  basically it was a six second part of a 30 minute video which is a montage of the different forms of violence . 
  the killing of a cat was amidst scenes of war , famine , forced labour , etc. 
  to apparently make the viewer think why they care about a cat being killed rather than fellow human beings suffering . 
  he received fines for animal cruelty as he did n't manage to kill the animal quickly and without suffering , and for reveiving the animal from a shelter with false pretense of caring for it and not telling about his intentions to kill it . 
  it was a controversial piece and it 's quite hard to judge as it was banned from public showings . 
  e. i should say that i do n't really think it was necessary or okay to kill a cat , but he received his penalty and he has made a lot of good work , so i do n't think it 's fair to dwell on it . 
  lot of [ hugo simberg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hugo_simberg ) there , whose works are not modern art . 
  all 3 could use a reality check concerning the sami people . 
  i for one expect an orderly and fruitful conversation about the subject . 
  e. anyway , here is the [ whole study ] ( https://lesacreduprintemps19.files.wordpress.com/2012/08/intelligence-a-unifying-construct-for-the-social-sciences-richard-lynn-and-tatu-vanhanen.pdf ) . 
  i think it 's a load of biased bull . 
   there a lot of finnish people in this 25-29 range that are at least slightly depressed because they 're living alone somewhere just because `` they have to '' okay you 've got to elaborate . 
  because for the life of me i ca n't think of anyone who wanted to live with their parents once in uni or working full time . 
  probably the coolest region in the country aswell . 
  it 's just so weird that there are so many words to describe snow , but you do n't even think about it when using them . 
  or do the complete opposite and go with wehrmacht . 
  seems like a total media blackout , wonder what the `` factions within the military '' mentioned by pm means . 
  same here . 
  i 'd attribute it more to the advanced polling and the electronic systems used . 
  i was wondering earlier today , why the dutch election results take so long to come . 
  last time out the final results came out 5 days later . 
  i guess this at least partly answers that . 
  for comparison in e.g. 
  finland the preliminary results come in after two or three hours , and final results from the checkup come in less than 24 hours . 
  any dutch care to fill in if there are any other quirks in the dutch process ? 
  what if rally english is known as hpc english in the future ? 
  cow . 
  pretty much all finnish cheese are . 
  it 's alright . 
  really subtle flavor and nice texture make it an ideal `` everyday cheese . '', 
  similar to havarti if you 've ever had it . 
  if you want something a bit more finnish and unique , try finnish squeaky cheese / bread cheese or aura cheese . 
  did n't remember the yoovidhya ownership being that large . 
  i think thai/austrian is the best way to describe it then . 
  krating daeng is thai , red bull is based on it and is austrian owned/made . 
  they are separate products and red bull is austrian , but it 's not wrong to call it thai either . 
  yes . 
  the drink is austrian made and owned though , with some thai investment . 
  seeing as red bull is on the map , battery might be a good choice . 
  i think it 's the most widely distributed finnish soft drink . 
  it 's the public procurement policy , the government was well within its rights to declare this . 
  afaik there is no obstacle for an eu country to declare this either . 
  this does n't do anything for the private sector , which is by far the larger contributor and should be regulated if significant change were to be introduced . 
  that would require eu legislation if i 'm not mistaken . 
  deforestation does n't have anything to do with finnish or norwegian forests . 
  there has n't been a significant deforestation event nor will there be with current forestry . 
  we 've basically been committed to zero deforestation at home . 
  what norway is doing is trying to ensure it does n't cause deforestation abroad . 
  rainforests being cut-down for timber , farmlands and palm plantations is the significant deforestation problem . 
  while it happens mainly in sa , sea and africa , it 's still caused by global production chains . 
  this is why developed countries need to commit to zero deforestation . 
  to be fair the lake is the 4th largest in europe . 
  before being threathened there were between 2000-6000 seals . 
  caribbean actually has its own [ plate ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8a/plates_tect2_en.svg/1920px-plates_tect2_en.svg.png ) . 
  but continents are bit of a grey area anyway . 
  mobile payment systems could provide an alternative for irregular cash transactions . 
  mobilepay , swish , siirto and the likes are being adopted by places which have not used cards such as flea markets . 
  then there are apps like payiq and hsl mobile app , which replace the need for cash in public transport . 
  should , but the market is so heavily competed that no company can offer anything but unlimited packages . 
  some have considered creating a cap for usage , because of the roaming decision , but the ca n't do it if the other players do it as well . 
  the situation is so ridiculous , that there is even a new low-cost entrant , because the 20-30 $ unlimited packages are `` expensive '' . 
  people here do n't realize how good this situation is for the consumer , compared to the likes of the us . 
  with some parts in serbia , kosovo and albania , as well as a fairly large part in bulgaria . 
  that was the ottoman definition of the region , ancient macedonia was much more confined to greece . 
  greeks consider the ancient macedonia to be part of their cultural heritage and large part consider themselves to be ` macedonians ' . 
  they see the current macedonian state as appropriating their heritage . 
  plus some fear claims on the rest of the ancient macedonian territory , which would not happen in a million years . 
  on the one hand the ` slav macedonians ' for lack of a better word have their own state , own language called macedonian and also derive part of their culture from ancient macedonians . 
  that 's the shortest way i can put it . 
  i have sympathy for both sides and i hope they can find an end for this . 
  but people really should n't go too far in history for the myths they base their lives on . 
  it gets complicated real fast with different cultures inhabiting different regions across time , and we do n't really have anything in common with our ancestors from 2000 years ago . 
  e . what is it with the downvotes for the dude ? 
  he was asking a simple question to learn about the issue . 
  and remember that it 's never everyone who thinks a certain way . 
  i 've met people in macedonia who do n't care about the whole thing and i 've met greeks who do n't care about the issue . 
  burek with meat . 
  burek with spinach . 
  burek with cheese . 
  throw some \u0106evapi in the mix and you have my whole menu when visiting bosnia .
