a whole swath of donegal has been chopped of with it too . 
  edit : actually its hard to tell , ireland looks like an aborted baby foetus in this map . 
  yes its hilarious . 
  my dad 's small portion might be considered a meal on the mainland . 
  it was a russian propaganda poster originally , the man was being offered a glass of voldka , to which he was replying nyet . 
  i 'm irish , my wife is russian . 
  she got me a print of this for my birthday a few years ago . 
  fado , fado . 
  vocal minority . 
  they dumped all there young people to ever far flung corner of the earth . 
  the rabbit was a conformist , the wolf representing ineffectual counterculturist . 
  well , i stand corrected if you are right . 
  my mistake . 
  sure . 
  also inheritance issues , legal recognition for insurance and stuff . 
  definitely part of it , for me at least . 
  eu citizens can move freely , non eu citizens ca n't , even if they have right of residence in an another eu state . 
  neither are in the schengen agreement anyway , ireland and the uk have their own agreements to freedom of movement , trouble is an eu citizen living in ireland wo n't have the automatic right to travel to the north so they want to enforce border checks to catch non irish ( north and republic of ) and non uk travelers out . 
  and on it goes . 
  european isles , a fine name . 
  we 'll most people who are bothered by it because it labels ireland with a british moniker , which is inaccurate as ireland is ireland and britain is britain . 
  britains not ireland and visa versa , where it becomes a bone of contention is the historical annexation by britain of ireland , this name for the collective identity of these islands retains an element of ownership , which irish people dont like . 
  there are a lot of depths to this though , not easy to explain as they are aspects of the two nations psyches , they are burrowed too deep , there is a retention of subconscious superiority and an underdog spirit at play here . 
  really ? 
  which we can understand if we stretch our ears a bit . 
  oh totally , montserrat , the 33rd county !, 
  half the time they are just egging you on man , most of the time they do n't believe in anything . 
  just bored people getting their sad little late night titillation on . 
  actually they referred to ireland as hibernia and distinct from britain . 
  brythonic was the eastern celts , they were from later migration . 
  briton ( extinct ) , welsh , cornish and bretton ( brittany ) . 
  manx , scotch gaelic and gailge/irish were an earlier migration , the legacy of which can be observed in the near mutual intelligibility of the languages . 
  leave it man , not worth it . 
  dumb dumb dumb . 
  or irish isles , i think it should be the irish isles , britains more a peninsula now what with the channel tunnel . 
  the newfoundlanders can say that all they like in my opinion , there were 3rd generation newfies who still spoke in irish up until 80 's . 
  they still all sound like they are from kerry , its incredible . 
  your a man after my own heart so you are . 
  also these songs were the only way we could really criticize the establishment , compare them to modern social satire . 
  you can burn books , tear down posters , even shoot the singer , but you ca n't kill a song . 
  but it must be also pointed out , the fields of athenry is a relatively recent song . 
  i thought ` jewish people ' was more appropriate than ` jews ' . 
  i suppose it 's because it diverged earlier and was isolated for so long !, 
  the glossary compiled before the death of it last speaker is a fascinating read . 
  there are even some words from yola that found there way into modern english . 
  i wonder if you 'd find this interesting https://youtu.be/rfl9ptuxd8s , it 's an ancient english dialect from south west ireland called yola . 
  i did n't make that claim , ancient irish and it 's celtic cousins were spoken in some form prior to germanic language migrations to the islands of britain and ireland , but those languages would not be intelligible today same as middle english , it has more in common with modern friesien . 
  language is a of course a constantly changing thing , but its preservation in terms of form and structure is important . 
  welsh and irish have changed a lot even in the past 20 years actually . 
  we 're talking about welsh though ? 
  also i have learned irish , i spoke it at home a bit with my dad before his stroke and not to mention studying it at school for 14 years , i ca n't say in general terms the benefit it had for me , i 'm absolutely rubbish at it , but it 's a unique link to the past that resist the homogeneous expansion of mono-cultaralism in a little way . 
  i did n't feel it was a waste of time , me , my family and friends are not nationalists in any way . 
  so i have to disagree with you there . 
  this going to sound hippyish but you know that when you learn a new language , the structure of your brain changes , you think about things differently , also when you switch between languages too . 
  every time a language is lost , our species losses the potential for new understandings and new insights . 
  a national identity is not some scary thing , just because right leaning groups have co-opted the concept and made it into a legitimization for their shit , it 's a cultural identity with a history too , which when we loose it is gone forever ... . 
  i mean without welsh we would n't have words like penguin for christ 's sake . 
  how it sounds to a non speaker is purely subjective , i think it sounds nice but that 's me . 
  very lilting and sing songy . 
  actually in terms of a previously endangered language it is considered a success story having been resuscitated from near extinction , it ebs and flows but the number of speakers is actually quite healthy and sustainable , while by no means a primary language anymore it 's an important part of the welsh cultural identity . 
  falconish ? 
  aon focal dar , focal two , focal eile , and i not knowing no focal at all . 
  and you know , a very successfully revitalized brythonic indigenous language . 
  i 'd be happy to be in it with ye . 
  bullshit , been pissin rain since 3.30 ,, 
  i got glassed in a pub in london because i was a ` mik ' once . 
  but not much aside from that . 
  irish stout beats the shit out of koff , karjala and karhu , if it was n't twice as expensive here i 'd be drinking it more . 
  yer no angels when it comes to the pliant wims of tango and multinational corporations !, 
  f\u00dack !, 
  yes , in limerick . 
  allow for some poetic license , if you 've lived in a nordic country , you would n't believe the difference . 
  central heating just exists , as a fundamental , back home you have it in one room with single glazed windows . 
  that would be assuming the social welfare system would be based of the model of the rest of ireland , it 's more likely to think of everything as completely revised . 
  mind you , they 'd be less happy about swapping the nhs for our piss poor health system . 
  it 's so you can do handstands obviously . 
  your a a bit of an enigma are n't you ? 
  i think it 's more accurate to say britonic influence , the eastern celtic languages predate saxon influence , when britton died out it was because it was hybridized with germanic languages , while welsh and cornish were not unaffected they were for the most part independently intact . 
  yeah , ireland would like to be ireland again if all parties could figure it out it would be great , the big question would be what comes after . 
  i think old prejudices would need to be buried , there are irish people whose idea of what ireland is differs greatly to the rest of the island , those people need to be respected as much as anyone else for it to all work , at a constitutional level . 
  it 's easier said than done , there are too many people on all sides who just echo the stuff their daddies told them , pushes any idea of reconciliation further away . 
  it 's sad but some people would rather perpetuate the circle of hate in spite of their supposed dream of a united ireland . 
  your right , it was westminster . 
  as an irishman resident in suomi . 
  sauna we have little to no conception of , we live in damp bungalows with no heating , lucky to have a warm shower . 
  moomins , you have to be in your 30 's to remember the cartoon and even then there 's no connection to finland or tove jansson for most people , i thought it was japanese before moving here . 
  sibelius the awareness of classical composers is not high for the most part in ireland , traditional music occupies the position the classical does in most other european countries . 
  rally and racing , yes . 
  nokia , yes . 
  we know that you are strong competitors in the winter games , so it 's just credit where credit is due . 
  they did a great job reviving their language in fairness , much better than ourselves , not every act of rebellion needs to be dramatic , there is a more subtle way sometimes . 
  the good coffee in ireland is relatively recent , thank the celtic tiger for decent espresso . 
  did you know , it 's thought , the word craic actually originally comes from northumbria . 
  unleash the cr\u00e1icuum . 
  ( pssst fada is pointing the wrong way ), 
  it 's kicking off . 
  scotti used to just mean irish i think , way way back , sure we 've all knocked the absolute shite out of each other on these two islands for the past 5,000 years . 
  personally though i 've always had the craic in scotland , mind you though i have a had a great time in england a few times . 
  bygones lads . 
  i 'm sorry you feel victimized .
