  we never left anything that we could crawl back to . 
  i think recent events have proven that the german police forces and media are not at all `` well-functioning '' when it comes to issues with immigrants . 
  russia is interested in discord inside the eu . 
  a fractious europe might not be so united and resolute in maintaining sanctions , for example . 
  merkel 's unilateral approach leaves any hope of an eu-wide response dead in the water and makes impossible any future proposal to address the issue either at europe 's border , or following a uk-type approach by pledging to only take asylum seekers from the camps in lebanon or turkey . 
  she officially rolled out the welcome mat and told people `` just make your way through the balkans , we 'll be waiting with open arms '' , increasing the pull factor . 
  now countries like denmark are desperately trying to diminish pull factors with their new laws about valuables and 3 year waiting periods for family members . 
  has she not made threats about funding or kicking greece out of schengen if progress is n't made ? 
  i feel sorry for greece in this mess . 
  merkel rolls out a the welcome mat for all comers , who have to come through greece , and then once merkel realises she 's fucked up big time , she blames the greeks for not dealing with it . 
  she 's doing that in an attempt to save her ratings : she hopes she can convince the german public that it 's greece 's fault so many have come and not her fault . 
  see it would be working fine if everyone actually consulted everyone else . 
  poland would n't need to be vetoing this plan if germany had n't unilaterally rolled out the welcome mat and put up a * massive * pull factor . 
  so much so that you 've got hundreds of thousands of north africans trying to slide through the net in among the syrians . 
  merkel 's unilateral bleeding-heart stupidity has greatly exacerbated this crisis . 
  she did not consult her eu partners when making declarations about how many refugees germany could absorb . 
  of course merkel will shout at poland for this without seeing the irony of the situation . 
  she destroyed any possibility of eu cohesion on this by trying to force her own immigration policy onto the entire eu . 
  now she 's realised she fucked up badly and is trying to deflect blame onto the eu member states that are unwilling to bail her out and away from her own errors . 
  so we 've officially topped death camps in our levels of anti-semitism ? 
  more swedes identify as being nominally christian than british , according to our two countries ' census data . 
  you 're being intentionally obtuse : even shut-ins know this because the internet prevents you becoming cut off from society entirely . 
  antifa believe every right wing group should be banned from peaceful demonstration . 
  modern christianity generally regards much of the bible as metaphorical stories meant to impart a set of values and ideas , not as factual accounts . 
  very few believe in creationism today , for example . 
  i get the feeling you 're being intentionally obtuse because there 's no way you can live in sweden and not know this shit . 
  i 've never been a christian and i know all of this . 
  yes . 
  many do n't . 
  do you live under a rock ? 
  crafty spanish bastards and their flying boats . 
  your chancellor 's unilateral pronouncements that encouraged the millions to trek across europe are responsible for this . 
  the single largest blow to an eu-wide solution was germany deciding it knew better . 
  very astutely written . 
   watched the debate and lets be honest it was cluttered . 
  the plaid cymru lady for example may have just as well been replaced by a sign saying ` wales and the welsh people ' hence the other two debates as well . 
   also , i may be wrong , but were n't those basically the parties already in the parliament excluding northern ireland ? 
  northern ireland had their own debates between those parties and they aired on regional northern irish tv channels . 
  the `` main debates '' that aired nationwide were between all the parties standing in the majority of the country ( tories , labour , lib dem , greens and ukip fielded candidates in nearly every constituency ) and major regional parties ( snp and pc , there are no major england-only parties , the next closest party would be tusc which was polling below 1 % in opinion polls and got 0.1 % of the vote ) , with ni 's major regional parties getting their own debates due to the unique nature of northern irish politics . 
   you 're denying parties to participate if at the last election less than 5 % of the electorate bothered voting for them . 
  other parties that are excluded are undoubtely part of the political establishment . 
  i 'll address this and this :  by what poll ? 
  made at what point ? 
  by whom ? 
  not saying that this is the only option , but there is definitely a reasoning behind it . 
  together . 
  this is a terrible metric to use . 
  exclude parties based on vote share in the 2011 elections ? 
  we 're in 2016 now , much has changed , and on the federal level the left and afd are now players on par with the greens . 
  to exclude them based on data from five years ago is an excuse used to pander to the spd and greens . 
  edit : afd did n't even fucking * exist * in 2011 , and you want to exclude them based on vote share in a 2011 election ? 
  what ? 
  here in the uk we had a debate between seven parties . 
  labour , tories , lib dems , snp , plaid cymru , ukip and greens . 
  there were also two other debates , one between the `` big 3 '' ( tories , labour , lib dems ) and one between the two potential prime ministers ( david cameron and ed miliband ) . 
  a line must be drawn but if you draw it at `` only those already in parliament '' you 're basically denying anything non-establishment a voice . 
  that 's not democratic . 
  by no fair metric can you exclude these parties . 
  the greens get a platform while parties polling just as well as they are ( left and afd are both on ~ 10 % according to wiki 's list of polls , equal to the greens ) do not ? 
  entirely unreasonable . 
  really the swr should 've stuck to their guns from the start and told the sd and greens that they can refuse to participate in the debate if they want to . 
  there 's an important difference between parties refusing to participate because of other parties and parties being denied participation because of other parties . 
  there was a time when the german military was the benchmark for bamf . 
  sadly it seems this time has passed . 
  would abandoning the `` first country '' idea not mean increased flows of migrants through the eu 's border nations and would then result in increased pressure at calais ? 
  it 's still in the uk 's interest to oppose this as a result . 
  by the way things seem to be going i think it perhaps more likely all europe wo n't forget it indeed , but it will be praised as prudent thinking , not selfish behaviour . 
  if you 're from the home counties : the entire northern half of the country . 
  if you 're from the entire northern half of the country : home counties . 
  if you 're an snp voter : everywhere that is n't scotland . 
  anywhere that cheap flights go to , british people wanting to be embarrassingly drunk will go to . 
  easyjet and ryanair flights are cheap as fuck and you can reach most major european cities with them . 
  yeah , barcelona is in a league of its own for pickpocketing . 
  do not fuck with that man . 
  you will not escape his vengeance . 
  we kinda fell out with the whole `` blood lineage '' thing in the forties . 
  culturally you 're an american , that 's the important part . 
  you ca n't identify with norwegians living in norway just because ten generations ago an ancestor of yours lived in the same place . 
  and the sole reason for that lack of suitable ring is because you ca n't barrage the farage !, 
  countries are refusing to cooperate because it was germany that announced every syrian ( or anyone who says they 're syrian ) that reaches germany gets automatic asylum . 
  eu partners were not consulted about that move : many did n't ( and still do n't ) want anything to do with the migrant crisis , they do n't see it as europe 's burden to bear . 
  eastern european countries are strong on this idea , and judging by the rise of the right wing in many western european countries there 's a lot of people there who would agree as well . 
  germany 's subsequent efforts are akin to someone kicking a hole in their own boat then demanding the neighbour boats take some of the water . 
  as a british person i 'm fairly sure you can also show up at any commonwealth one and get help , too . 
  the age of imperialism ( in which britain may have emerged as the foremost power but was certainly not the sole practitioner ) contributed much by way of technological advancement and societal development at the expense of creating a deficit of human rights . 
  the industrial revolution created the modern world , which is unlikely to have happened to the extent it did without the resources of the conquered planet to fuel it . 
  on the other hand , many non-europeans were subjugated to enable it . 
  history is n't black and white and i think `` pride '' is the wrong word for it . 
  `` recognition '' might be a better word for it : i do n't personally feel pride about the empire but i do deplore the people in this thread attempting to paint it as 100 % bad . 
  equally i would deplore anyone openly denying the downsides , but i see none of that here so far . 
  i think , for the world , imperialism has made important contributions to the advancement of the human race as a whole . 
  i also think it achieved those by adopting an `` ends justify the means '' approach to the suffering it inflicted in the name of that progress . 
  it was not all good , it was not all bad . 
  it was the latest `` ism '' in a long line of `` ism `` s that put an elite above the masses and concentrated wealth and power . 
  feudalism was no different , merely more geographically limited in scope . 
  capitalism today is no different , the only difference is people feel better about it because at least the discrimination is less overt and not based on race or nationality . 
  just as imperialism made important contributions at the expense of others , so too did feudalism and so too is capitalism . 
  we 've yet to arrive at a perfect world system . 
  i ca n't imagine your run of the mill german voter is any more informed about the various political options open to them than your average british voter . 
  sadly having largely apathetic electorates are pretty standard for democracies .
