  the technology all exists today . 
  i 'm not arguing you should , in fact you 'll see in my last two paragraphs i agree that a 100 % renewable goal is n't appropriate . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's not `` science fiction '' at all : it 's completely technically possible even today . 
  hvdc losses are ~ 3.5 % per 1,000 km , meaning this 730km line will suffer losses of ~ 2.5 % . 
  ah , apologies , i misunderstood , i 'll fix that . 
  you 're correct , but they still have pumped storage that the uk can sell electricity to , around 1.5 twh 's worth , where the uk produced 28.1 twh 's worth of renewable energy in 2014 . 
  i 'm reading a lot of talk that they want to add pumping to many of these lakes . 
  norway has something like 100twh 's worth of reservoir storage . 
  at full capacity they could run the uk on their own for four months . 
  it 's also a fact that they have around 50 % of europe 's storage capacity . 
  that 's an awful lot of storage capacity . 
  it is n't science fiction at all . 
  you could do it today if you wanted : the problem is cost . 
  wind turbines , solar panels , pumpd hydro , tidal & wave energy , all are pretty expensive to build . 
  batteries are both expensive and inefficient . 
  it 's completely technically sound , but economic suicide . 
  by 2050 costs and storage efficiency may have improved enough to make it economically feasible as well . 
  still , i do agree that it 's unlikely to happen . 
  nuclear power is extremely useful and even natural gas plants have their uses and are attractive on cost . 
  all we need to do is strike a balance that protects the environment . 
  i do n't think that necessitates 100 % wind , sun and sea-generated electricity . 
  for information on another hvdc interconnector being built under the irish sea between scotland and wales , you can look [ here ] ( http://www.westernhvdclink.co.uk/ ) , [ here ] ( http://www2.nationalgrid.com/uk/in-your-area/projects/western-link/ ) , and [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_hvdc_link ) . 
  very useful bits of kit , hvdc lines . 
  i 'm hopeful that britain will also be able to make a respectable contribution in energy to norway so we can fill up some of those pumped storage plants that we 'll be making use of . 
  norway is home to around half of all europe 's storage capacity , and is already connected to both denmark and germany , both of which produce large amounts of energy and both of which have substantial levels of renewables in their production mix . 
  adding a cable to the uk will allow us to share in all of this with the continent . 
  the uk also has existing links to france , the netherlands and ireland . 
  the only interpretation i can think of is that russia wants the uk out of the eu because it would destabilise the eu and for an aggressive russian foreign policy in eastern europe to succeed it 's best if the continent as a whole were less united . 
  though nato and the eu overlap now . 
  russia would need both to fall apart for anything like that to work . 
  no nato and the eu would still protect their own ; no eu and nato would still protect their own . 
  you 'd need both to be in some state of disarray for moves against eu or nato members to not draw retaliation . 
  yes , and `` spain '' became a political unit in 1516 , did it not ? 
  the only three states at that time were portugal , castile and aragon . 
  though fair enough , if castile and aragon could arguably be called a single country before that you 'd have to agree that the united kingdom actually came into being in 1603 , when the crowns of scotland and england were united under one monarch . 
  yes it did . 
  at the time of the union castile had already absorbed galicia , leon , granada and navarra . 
  the three states in iberia were castile , aragon and portugal . 
  * you * are wrong , good sir . 
  you must learn your iberian history . 
  yes , current day spain was , prior to the union of the crowns of aragon and castile , two separate countries . 
  but , correct me if i 'm wrong , the crown of castile controlled all that is now spain minus the lands controlled by the crown of aragon prior to the union of said crowns ? 
  * that * , my friend , was the crux of my * joke * . 
  [ aragon 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aragon ) actually the autonomous community next door . 
  though the return of the kingdom of aragon would be amusing . 
  do you think spain would revert to being castile ? 
  even if deleted , you must wonder how the independent even cleared that for posting in the first place . 
  damned cowardly west poles !, 
  i came in here to ask where exactly this border was , wondering whether switzerland and austria had somehow ceased to exist recently . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  i dunno , i do n't need a boat any more , what with the eurotunnel being around !, 
  we decided we wanted a border and that large body of water can just go fuck itself if it disagreed . 
  scottish nationalism is very much nationalism , including an emphasis on the cultural differences between scots and english to promote a sense of difference . 
  just because scottish nationalism looks to be primarily left of centre ( i 'd argue the snp are a centre-right party , but we 'll go with the image they like to promote ) does n't mean it is n't nationalism all the same . 
  being `` disillusioned '' with london is simply their recent campaign tactic , they 've been around since the 1930s . 
  their core ideology has n't changed from one of simple nationalism : `` scottish not british '' . 
  in summary : - the supreme court says the case should go ahead . 
  they 've outright said # 1.9 million is * not * going to happen , but the grounds for seeking money are valid . 
  - their statement can be summed up as `` the guy might not have been paying what he should for their kid , so the court should take a look and decide . '', 
  she 's not getting money off her ex-husband simply because he 's found success and the courts decided she should be given some of it because why the fuck not . 
  her # 1.9 million demand is outright greed and she 's a gold-digging bitch for even suggesting that figure , but the actual justification for re-assessing the money that moved between the two has been ruled as valid enough for a court case . 
  true that . 
  got nothing on a good curry though !, 
  my vote goes to british food . 
  there 's a good reason we imported the local dishes from many parts of the empire . 
  i 'll try to make it simple , using something in the news from my own country recently . 
  jim murphy , in an effort to shore up support for the labour vote in scotland , pledged to train 1,000 more nurses than the snp had pledged to train . 
  now , when i say , `` i think it 's great that jim murphy has basically said ` whatever they do , we 'll do 1,000 more !, 
  ' '' , that does n't mean `` i agree with mr. murphy 's plans , they seem sensible and prudent '' , it means `` i find it funny that he 's just blatantly trying to one-up the snp '' . 
  similarly , when i say `` i think it 's great he basically said we 're planning for this because who knows what the greeks are doing '' i mean `` this is funny '' not `` i find this prudent and agreeable '' . 
  as an aside i actually do find it prudent an agreeable , but i was pointing out the humour in the statement . 
  can you follow me now ? 
  i think it 's funny that his reasoning is `` i have no idea what they 're doing , so we 're making plans for them accidentally quitting europe . '', 
  i really do n't know how much more effectively i can explain that . 
  i find the premise of the germans planning for an accidental quitting of europe by the greeks simply because they do n't know what the greeks are doing to be very amusing . 
  then we get angry greeks taking it seriously . 
  take my first comment at face value : i genuinely find it funny . 
  please point out where i said it 's great that the germans are planning this , i said the phrasing was great , nothing more . 
  calm down you , i was taking amusement from his phrasing not making political statements . 
  get that gigantic chip on your shoulder checked out . 
  ok . suit yourself . 
  i think it 's great that the finance minister basically said `` we 've got no idea what the fuck the greeks are up to so yes , we 're planning for them just ending up outside the eu at one point just in case . '', 
  you have n't even done that . 
  you 've said the eu knew greece was run by a government of liars ( oh i suppose that makes it ok then ) , agreed completely that the country spectacularly mismanaged their finances , agreed that there 's widespread corruption , and tried to make excuses for a party that threatens to walk away from their debt and seize the property of foreigners . 
  in what way did you `` sprinkle reality '' on anything ? 
  you agreed to three of the four statements and tried to excuse open theft on the fourth . 
  you implied it . 
  i 'm talking about why it 's not at all surprising there 's a grexit plan , and you 're here saying my reasoning is mostly fair but with some important caveats that excuse the greeks from blame . 
  so , does that mean the eu was wrong to plan for this ? 
  what relevance does `` german companies were involved '' have in a discussion about whether a grexit plan is prudent or not unless you 're trying to imply that the plan was an unreasonable step to take because of this multi-national dimension to the problem ? 
  and you believe that this is reason enough that the eu is * wrong * for planning for this possibility ? 
  edf owns the nuclear power stations , and edf is owned by the state of france . 
  you 're rather splitting hairs in that distinction . 
  is that a hint that vietnam should be taking some precautions ? 
  in the greek political narrative , they are the victims rather than the instigators . 
  this outrage is simply to feed into that concept , so syriza can go to their electorate and cry bloody murder at the eu preparing to simply throw them under the bus . 
  how unfeeling and selfish of the eu to do this to greece , whose only wish is a more reasonable settlement of the outrageous conditions forced upon them by eurocrats who ca n't see past their balance sheets . 
  you live in a country where most infrastructure is n't owned by the british state , but a fair bit is owned by various foreign states . 
  greece lies to the eu for years , manages their finances with alarming incompetence , has a corruption problem , and elects a party on a platform of literally disowning their own debts ( who are also threatening to steal german property ) , and then gets * shocked * when the eu draws up a plan to deal with the not-insignificant possibility that greece will have to be jettisoned ? 
  i 'm shocked they 're shocked .
