  scotland is a very centrist country , even slightly to the right on economic issues . 
  salmond 's snp operated on such a pro-business platform . 
  indeed , he even proposed an independent scotland would cut corporation tax . 
  sturgeon likes to talk socialism but has n't really backed it up with actions yet . 
  she , like salmond , knew that scots love to be told we 're socialist and left wing but do n't like actually being that way . 
  reddit 's full of the young , though , and the young tend to be markedly more left leaning than the general populace . 
  it 's the same reason corbyn was wildly popular on / r/unitedkingdom until his endless stream of fuck ups ( which is still going strong ! ), 
  made him far more difficult to stand up for even for his die hard supporters . 
  multiculturalism . 
  the by-now discredited idea that we should be a nation of multiple different cultures living in harmony . 
  it 's taken a fair few years but people have finally realised that some cultures contain some pretty fucking awful elements and we really should n't be tolerating those parts . 
  it 's the current year !, 
  i 'm not of the right , or the left really ( i vote lib dem who are very centrist ) , but as an outside observer of a sort i imagine the right get upset about this because the left never leave them the fuck alone . 
  even the uk conservative party ( who are centre-right at most , not even proper right wing ) ca n't hold a party conference without self-righteous left wingers protesting outside the front door and harassing everyone they find with a conference ticket . 
  the left seem to have this belief that they 're entitled to harass and disrupt any party , event or group that does n't conform to their beliefs . 
  if you had it your way , no one would be allowed to be right wing . 
  authoritarianism was a hallmark of the right wing in the last century . 
  in this century , it is fast looking to be the calling card of the left wing . 
  party memberships have ways of being leaked , in whole or part . 
  british people have lost their jobs over being bnp members in recent years , for example . 
  bullshit , of course they do . 
  self-driving cars produce the same productivity and economic activity that a manually driven one does , by what rules of economics does that result in no wealth creation * just because * there 's not a human at the wheel ? 
  at the very best all you can argue is current tax regimes would n't enable a self-driving car to contribute , but tax regimes are easy to change . 
  it 's warm and far more affordable than buying in the south of england , which is just one huge commuter town for london these days . 
  it 's not very far away from home ( children , grandchildren ) and the local culture , though not british , is n't that alien . 
  it 's a bit of an adventure setting up a new life somewhere else in the world , even if just a retired life , and why retire to the same place you spent your whole life working anyway ? 
  you 've hit on the true point , there . 
  i strongly doubt the uk retirees living in france ( or spain , another popular destination ) are the ones backing a brexit . 
  even on purely self-interest grounds that would make their lives more complicated . 
  ah , so probably just on to troll then ? 
  `` russia ruined ukraine by introducing stuff that was already there before they arrived . '', 
  what ? 
  time ? 
  ukraine was a bastion of honesty and integrity before the perfidious russians corrupted the pure and innocent ukrainians with their evil ways ? 
  while others would argue that kneecapping your future labour force and reproduction pool to buy a few more years of comfort for a generation that has stopped producing is setting yourself up for much worse down the line . 
   this parliament is significantly more hung than ours * wink wink * this true , even a lab-ld coalition for us would 've been a minority government . 
  you 're just going to keep downvoting every reply i make so i 'll stop bothering . 
  this is n't a debate , i 'm just a target for your diatribe . 
  history is n't black and white . 
  many major historical figures held in high esteem held views that today are detestable , such as the founding fathers . 
  applying modern morality to history is bad historiography . 
  at this stage i 'm just copy pasting replies from elsewhere . 
  `` i do n't dispute their right to free speech , but nor do i agree that they are free to call a legacy that they directly and voluntarily benefit from evil without being labelled hypocrites for it . 
  free speech is the right to be heard , not the right for your stupidity to be agreed with . '', 
  it undermines it , in my eyes . 
  calling someone 's legacy evil when you 're voluntarily benefiting from it makes your claims that he was an evil man ring very hollow . 
  if his legacy were so evil , you should not be taking it 's money . 
  perhaps he 's not so evil after all ? 
  and you can follow that to the logical absurdity and blame it all on the romans , who gave us our own start oh so long ago . 
  implying i agree with apartheid simply because i contend that people voluntarily benefiting from his legacy are hypocrites for calling his legacy evil is a blatant attempt at character assassination . 
  you should do better . 
  you 're right , it is a stupid argument and has absolutely no bearing on this discussion . 
  student loans are n't funded by a fund set up from the profits of british imperialism , they 're funded by taxpayers here and now . 
  it undermines it , in my eyes . 
  calling someone 's legacy evil when you 're voluntarily benefiting from it makes your claims that he was an evil man ring very hollow . 
  if his legacy were so evil , you should not be taking it 's money . 
  perhaps he 's not so evil after all ? 
  no , it must not be black and white , which is why labelling his legacy as evil and demanding statues of him * on the college he founded * be removed is absurdity . 
  these students are cherry-picking bits that look bad to the modern eye and running solely on that . 
  i agree . 
  many people generally regarded as heroes or revolutionaries in their day still held views in other areas that are incompatible with modern opinions on the subject . 
  the founding fathers of the united states containing slaveholders among them is the most commonly cited example . 
  i do n't dispute their right to free speech , but nor do i agree that they are free to call a legacy that they directly and * voluntarily * benefit from evil without being labelled hypocrites for it . 
  free speech is the right to be heard , not the right for your stupidity to be agreed with . 
  i disagree : if you 're going to benefit from his largesse you have no place calling his legacy evil . 
  you are not called to agree with his politics and the campaign to remove him has nothing to do with his politics . 
  it is centred solely around the idea that his legacy was pivotal in the foundation of apartheid in south africa . 
  note that rhodes died nearly * fifty years * before the apartheid laws came into being in south africa . 
  you 're misdirecting the debate . 
  his political opinions are n't under scrutiny here : what his legacy has contributed to is the entirety of the discussion . 
  he also supported irish home rule and the liberal party ( which , in rhodes lifetime , extended the voting franchise ) . 
  people are n't black and white . 
  holding nationalistic views during the height of worldwide imperialism and nationalism makes him a man of his time , not an unusually heinous villain . 
  it very much does make you a hypocrite to take someone 's money as a scholarship to go to oxford and then , while there , campaign on the grounds that the man 's legacy is evil . 
  if his legacy is evil , why are you partaking in it ? 
  it 's blood money in that case , no ? 
  trust me , these people * will not * see the irony in that . 
  nor will they withdraw from the scholarship . 
  our experience in 2010 saw two parties that shared very little in common entering into a coalition and the junior partner ( lib dems ) got * wiped out * in 2015 as a result : their voter base felt betrayed . 
  spain 's parties must be approaching this with caution . 
  a single hung parliament does not a `` shattering '' make . 
  sincerely , the uk . 
  though the outcome of this will be very interesting to watch . 
  the largest party might not even end up forming the government . 
  so ... the herald * leaks a secret plan to move uranium * and then claims the * uk government * are inviting a terrorist attack on it ? 
  the sun has about 1.5-2 million readers . 
  you 're wearing a pretty fucking huge tinfoil hat if you think they 're kingmakers . 
  the sun backs whoever looks most likely to win so they can claim to be influential . 
  you 've been suckered by their own pr . 
  the uk are doing very little proportionately because of the previously mentioned merkel opening the flood gates . 
  neither we nor eastern europe wanted to accept the sheer volume of migrants merkel unilaterally imposed on the eu . 
  the uk also tried to help by floating the idea of taking refugees only from the registered refugee camps in turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  it was merkel who threw open the floodgates : if austria had an opt-out i bet you guys would be looking at it too . 
  you can hardly blame the uk and eastern europe for opting out of a `` policy '' the germans unilaterally forced ( and continue to try to force ) on everyone else . 
  it 's the major failing in the eu right now : no real collective policies . 
  both the eurozone and migrant crises show us that the eu either needs to integrate more or break apart , it ca n't cope with these sorts of challenges in its current state . 
   on the contrary , we should move to one currency . 
  implement a two-speed union , political union only for eurozone members , the rest eea or something . 
  the eurozone needs a government , it needs a finance ministry , this should not be yet another parliament , this should be the ep , after all non-eurozone members leave the ep . 
  how is that contrary to what cameron wants ?
