we 'll have to agree to disagree then . 
  i think there is an element of zoophilia in furries . 
  there 's more than enough furry porn in the world to back that up . 
  and i 've already said people into beastiality are furries , but not all furries are into beastiality . 
  equally as valid as most kkk members are americans , but not all americans are in the kkk . 
  i would call people that are sexually attracted to animals furries . 
  yes , there are varying degrees of being a furry and not all of them will want to go into a field and copulate with a horse ( as you 've supplied , it 's a small segment of the population that go so far as to want sex with real animals ) , but i bet most of them will at least look at furry porn , anthropomorphic or otherwise . 
  pretty sure a lot of people into beastiality would be into the furry fandom . 
  i did n't say all furries are into sex with animals , i said people that are into sex with animals are furries . 
  well a `` furry '' is someone who is into dressing up as an animal and pretending to be an animal at the least , and into beastiality at the worst . 
  it 's slang for zoophilia , basically . 
  at least , i think that 's what the map is talking about . 
  that 's my understanding of `` furry '' . 
  defence spending does n't win votes . 
  my reply contains a spoiler . 
  skip to the last two paragraphs if you do n't want the ending spoiled . 
  it 's really , really crap . 
  a story about some asian woman who is elected as a ukip mp and her journey through ukip 's first hundred days . 
  the bulk of the story is about her family situation , the show is * very * light on the actual politics and ( spoiler ! ), 
  ends in an exceptionally poorly justified `` personal revelation '' that ukip are the bad guys . 
  would not recommend wasting an hour of your life on it . 
  no matter your political views , it 's just a plain crap piece of writing . 
  ( for the record i do n't like ukip , so there * may * be bias in my opinions , but i came away from watching it thinking it was just very badly written as a show , regardless of the political message ), 
  they do , actually . 
  the only ones that do n't are british ones , as the territories are n't regarded as part of the united kingdom specifically . 
  french and dutch territories overseas are regarded as integral parts and their citizens as french/dutch respectively . 
  [ see here . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_member_state_territories_and_the_european_union#overseas_countries_and_territories ), 
  indeed we have , i agree . 
  my only point was that directly comparing ukip 's number of elected mps to the support for leaving the eu is n't wise . 
  they did , however , get 4 million votes . 
  an eu exit referendum , which is guaranteed to happen , will not use the same weird election system parliament uses . 
  it 'll be majority rules . 
  the premise seems a bit weird . 
  the eu asks russia to invade norway to restart oil production because the norwegian government , now run by greens , shut it all down . 
  why russia ? 
  if the eu wanted to invade norway they 've got the british and french navies with the capability to mount such an invasion and troops from all across the eu that can be used as occupation troops . 
  assuming the whole eu 's on board there 's the ample land border with sweden for use as a staging point as well . 
  apart from poland did n't eastern europe get the worst of it during the cold war ? 
  probably did , i was n't referring to the uk specifically when i posted that . 
  most european countries had a pretty bad time during the second world war , even if the uk had a somewhat less worse time . 
  second world war probably covers most countries in terms of recent-ish events . 
  i see yahoo news is giving a platform to racists , now . 
  when referencing the cold war , certainly . 
  today , no . 
  they did , but scottish nationalists either ignored it or claimed the eu was wrong about the eu . 
  radical political ideas always take hold during times of economic difficulty . 
  10 years ago no one in scotland was talking about it either . 
  when the economy is fine and people are feeling like their standards of living are going up such things always recede . 
  no population living in comfort votes to risk that comfort , but populations living in discomfort are willing to vote for ideas that might bring that comfort back . 
  nationalism is an easy answer to people 's problems , always has been . 
  `` if only we did n't have to share with * those people * we 'd be fine . '', 
  catalonia does it now , and scotland did it with oil revenues . 
  `` we 'll be richer if we quit the uk '' was a central theme of scotland 's pro-secession campaign . 
  the `` in '' campaign has n't even started up yet . 
  i 'm rather wondering where the fuck they are . 
  no he was n't , he was voted in by the majority of every membership category . 
  unless you 're prepared to argue the majority of labour party members , trade union members and registered supporters are * all * far left , you 're mistaken . 
  i do agree , though , that he 's not likely to ever see the inside of number 10 . 
  `` fuck , we 've caught a trawler . '', 
  `` blame the russians ! '', 
  i believe we should turn the boats back and instead take refugees directly from the camps in turkey and lebanon . 
  if people see their best bet is going to the camps and not the boats , we 'd have a much smaller problem than we currently do and we 'd be able to create a far more organised system of identifying the most vulnerable and ensuring * they * get help first , not the mostly young men that are capable of making the journey by foot or sea . 
  uk anthem is very dull and boring . 
  economic and political suicide . 
  no one will recognise the move , instead you 'll get a torrent of `` urging both sides to open a dialogue '' and `` this is a matter for the spanish and catalonian people '' . 
  people have cited china and taiwan : taiwan exists because the post-war united states wanted to prop it up against communism , and the creation of taiwan was n't a unilateral secession anyway , it was the de facto national lines drawn from the chinese civil war . 
  catalonia would , at best , be considered still part of spain and thus would stifle their attempts to do business as a nation and , at worst , would find itself outside the eu , un and nato with nations that have ties to spain ( eg most of europe at least ) being unwilling to officially recognise it until spain does . 
  catalonia leaving unilaterally will spawn another north cyprus , not another taiwan . 
  north cyprus only exists because it 's essentially a heaily supported extension of turkey : who 's going to pick up catalonia ? 
  then half of them must drop out , as the bbc article says 27 % get qualified compared to 48 % of uk students getting qualified . 
  we should compare drop out rates to gain a better insight . 
  how many british kids go to uni if 48 % of them qualify ? 
  in other words , if uk university culture was like german university culture , we 'd be able to fund them publicly without too much trouble . 
  27 % of german kids go to uni , 48 % of british ones do . 
  58.8 % of british graduates are in non-graduate jobs versus only 10 % in germany . 
  so we could feasibly cut our university student numbers down to close to 20 % of the school-leaving population and suffer no negative consequences in the job market . 
  the british university system is little more than a different method of government subsidy : foster a false impression that you must go to university to succeed in life and charge # 9,000 a year for it , but give the students loans with fantastic conditions to do it . 
  you never pay the loan back if you do n't earn more than a # 21,000 salary and you pay it back at a rate of 9 % of whatever you earn above # 21,000 each year ( eg if your salary is # 22,000 you pay # 90/year : 9 % of # 1,000 ) . 
  with nearly 60 % of uk graduates failing to enter graduate employment , they 're never going to pay much towards their loan , because the loan is forgiven after 30 years no matter how much is left on it . 
  someone on the uk 's median salary ( ~ # 26,000 ) is going to pay # 13,500 over 30 years , with an average debt of # 44,000 . 
  not even a third paid back and the remaining 70 % written off . 
  all the uk is doing is funding their universities under a different system . 
  most students wo n't see their prospects improve by going to university and most students will only pay back a fraction of their loans as a result . 
  the uk claims it has pushed funding from states to individuals , but really all they 've done is made * successful * individuals fund their own degree , while relatively * unsuccessful * individuals have their degrees almost entirely paid by the state . 
  it 's 4 wins in 1 : uk universities get a lot of funding , the government gets to look like they 're following their ideology of `` reducing state spending '' , successful graduates make loads of money and so really should give some back anyway , and unsuccessful graduates are largely absolved of the financial consequences of failing to convert their education into higher earning . 
  ... and in doing so expanded the british empire by the inclusion of much of the middle east . 
  and you paint it like we * fucked up * !, 
  ... we have unflattering sayings about the dutch ? 
  the snp made the same `` independence will fix everything '' arguments in the scottish referendum . 
  i think this most accurately sums it up . 
  is it really worth celebrating the day your nation picked the * least shit * option ? 
  no , i think such things should be studied and understood , and we should strive to avoid repeating them . 
  i want to be inspired by achievements but well informed about atrocities : by those two i think we 'd become better as a whole . 
  you misunderstand . 
  i have no personal pride or shame for anything regarding the british empire . 
  i do n't feel proud that the british did this or that , or shame that the british did this or that . 
  in a sense i 'm proud of what humanity as a whole has achieved . 
  not personally , as i had no hand in it , but i think that to feel no pride in what the species has achieved would be the equivalent of rejecting those achievements entirely . 
  i do n't think i 'm picking and choosing in that sense .
