  i believe turkey was unduly belligerent in this confrontation . 
  greece and turkey are both in nato because they were scared of the soviet union : i do n't think either nation really considers the other a close ally . 
  crafty russians , employing all manner of schools of fish and ocean debris as submarines !, 
  i 'm far more interested in that bridge : impressive effort !, 
  i 'd hardly call them a `` secret service '' on par with the fsb and svr , no . 
  they might be an arm of the state dealing with propaganda on social media but i would n't call that a state security service by any stretch . 
  the fsb and svr are actually very professional groups . 
  nothing this amateurish would come from them . 
  the soviet union and russian federation that followed it were no small actors in the field of espionage . 
  ukip are tories who stopped reading their history books before the suez crisis chapter , nothing much else . 
  they 're certainly not the far right : the bnp are more what you 'd expect of the far right in the uk . 
  can you point me to information showing other western eu nations were largely on-board with letting as many who wish to come , come ? 
  because it seems even germany now is putting up controls and toughing up the process due to no one else joining them in this . 
  the point i made and it 's one i 'm generally repeating from hearing elsewhere is the kids of the immigrants , not necessarily the immigrants themselves . 
  bulking up on a bunch of generally young-ish people from a culture that has more kids than europeans tend to have helps with the whole ageing population problem the whole western world is facing . 
  that 's what i 've read , anyway . 
  i 'm not trying to intentionally mislead or fool people here . 
  and rather than try to stem the flow merkel invited all comers . 
  i did n't say germany started the migrant crisis , but they 've certainly encouraged it with an open door policy and then with invitations . 
  the fact remains that merkel made a decision on her own and now expects the eu to simply fall in line . 
  germany created this problem for themselves by unilaterally inviting waves of immigrants into their country , encouraging them with reassurance they would all be accommodated and treated as asylum seekers rather than economic migrants . 
  the rest of the eu was n't prepared to agree to that , but merkel pressed on anyway . 
  only now she realises the tide is far greater than she originally thought , and instead of taking responsibility for her own misjudgement of the situation , they round on other eu nations who were crying out all along that they wanted a different solution . 
  if merkel wants eu solidarity on the migrant crisis , maybe she should 've started out by practising that solidarity in the first place . 
  now , i get it : in this germany saw a chance to quickly and easily bulk up on a cheap labour force . 
  the german economy is manpower-hungry and immigrants tend to be willing to work harder for less money than natives might . 
  the children and grandchildren of these immigrants , if properly managed , will become a productive source of labour . 
  germany 's apparently had her fill now : there 's enough , now . 
  it is n't an excuse to blame the rest of the eu , though . 
  germany played a massive part in encouraging the current state of affairs and had no exit strategy . 
  forcing the rest of the eu to pick up the pieces is n't a reasonable plan of action . 
  clearly there 's a social media team in the bbc that brigades all british threads on reddit . 
  how was the constitution amended , then ? 
  can only rajoy approve of this process beginning ? 
  your flair is irrelevant , your personal opinion does n't dictate the functioning of spanish government : can the king do nothing ? 
  is the constitutional court not independent of the government ? 
  are courts not independent in spain ? 
  finally , there are elections in december in which rahoy 's party does not look to be winning conclusively : is there any scope for benefiting from a hung parliament ? 
  `` the bbc '' if this goes through , i suppose ? 
  it seems to me that catalonia has tried to unilaterally declare a referendum , had it denied by the constitutional court and from there started to make plans to unilaterally secede anyway . 
  it would appear nothing else has even been attempted . 
  will the spanish government not talk to the catalonian one ? 
  will the constitutional court not talk to the catalonian government ? 
  can the catalonian government not institute a constitutional convention or speak to the king ? 
  the constitution has been amended in the past . 
  why can the catalonian government not at least attempt that avenue ? 
  you 're barking up the wrong tree here . 
  as i said , i intend to vote in and always have , for reasons that are n't economic . 
  i do n't actually know how the exit campaign intend to continue trade with the eu . 
   are there not avenues catalonia can explore that do n't involve essentially reneging on their agreements ? 
  is tearing up the constitution the only way catalonia can progress towards independence ? 
  that was my original question . 
  there is nothing that can be done ? 
  no negotiations with madrid , or with the other regions ? 
  no agreements that can be reached ? 
  the constitution makes all referenda illegal ? 
  fair enough : as i said i 'm firmly `` in '' already . 
  i suppose the exit group have a plan for joining the efta or eea . 
  fair enough : as i said i 'm firmly `` in '' already . 
  i suppose the exit group have a plan for joining the efta or eea . 
  as i said i intend to vote to remain within the eu . 
  i do n't think a brexit would achieve anything . 
  i 'm fairly sure the european economic area is governed by its own treaty : it is n't linked to eu membership . 
  the uk would , by default , remain inside the eea . 
  is that not the case ? 
  would be something to raise with the sub 's moderation i suppose . 
  you understand we 're actually holding a referendum on the matter right ? 
  the government wo n't just decide to leave one day , the nation will vote and the result will be binding . 
   why should this new generation be bound by the old ? 
  in principle every international treaty should be voted upon again every 10 or 20 years , in that case . 
  also , my understanding is n't that catalonia is banned from voting , it 's that any vote will be an all-spain vote , as the constitution says referenda are national affairs . 
  why they refuse to pursue that i do n't know , because even though the result would return `` no '' it would still allow catalonia to vote and provide a legally recognised measure of catalonia 's desire . 
  if it 's 60 % yes in catalonia and 90 % no for all-spain that still puts catalonia in a position of having a legitimised count that shows a pro-independence majority inside its own territory . 
  i fully intend to vote to remain in but the dutch pm is being as over-dramatic as the two sides in the actual campaign are being . 
  a uk outside the eu will probably stay inside the free trade area and will probably do more or less the same economically as before . 
  a few companies might relocate to ireland as their strategic preferences will be to have a presence inside the eu itself but this will probably be offset by a bit more investment coming into the uk as it 's free to negotiate more tailor-made trade agreements with other parts of the planet . 
  the biggest effect of a brexit would be on other pro-secession groups within the eu : they 'll get a bit louder in the immediate aftermath especially if the uk 's exit results in any perception of short-term economic gain or they 'll be dealt a popularity blow if the uk 's exit results in any perception of short-term economic pain . 
  though the openly hostile and hateful attitude on display here so far really does dishearten me . 
  occasionally i wake up and think i 'm tibetan but on average yeah , pretty sure . 
  you 've rephrased it wrongly and changed my question . 
  catalonia is n't trying to change the constitution , they 're trying to ignore it . 
  are there `` legal '' avenues the catalonian government could pursue that would get them a vote on independence ? 
  the attitude of the catalonian government looks to be akin to someone deciding the laws about murder no longer apply to them because they do n't agree with them any more , and then crying oppression when they 're arrested for murder . 
  i 'm not disputing your points , simply pointing out that an agreement was struck and the current approach of the catalan independence movement is to simply pretend that agreement is n't valid . 
  you ca n't sign up to a constitution and then decide your signature no longer counts when you find it no longer suits you . 
  are there not avenues catalonia can explore that do n't involve essentially reneging on their agreements ? 
  is tearing up the constitution the * only * way catalonia can progress towards independence ? 
  just to contest your first point slightly : it 's true most could n't * vote * on it , as everyone 58 + in catalonia voted for the constitution ( i believe the voting age was 21 ? 
  ) , which according to [ this ] ( http://www.idescat.cat/pub/?id=aec&amp;n=253&amp;lang=en ) is 2,219,653 people out of an electorate of 5,892,777 , or 37.6 % of the electorate today . 
  this is hardly some ancient document we 're discussing here , it is well inside living memory . 
  considering also the 92.8 % approval rating , you can argue pretty much everyone over , say , age 10 in spain was aware of it and either approved or did n't care enough to disapprove and that takes you up to 56.3 % of the electorate witnessing the referendum and being of an age to know what it was . 
  again , considering the approval rating in the referendum , the spanish people were pretty unanimous in supporting it . 
  the constitution forbids it and that constitution was adopted in 1978 by a referendum , winning with 92.8 % of the vote . 
  why should that be ignored ? 
  fundamentally i agree that self-determination should be allowed , but the catalan people * did * endorse the very constitution they now want to ignore only 37 years ago . 
  if germany pulled the finger out and got even somewhat close to the 2 % target the us would n't need a single soldier in europe . 
  the german and polish armies would be a match for russia if it went for the baltic states , or at the very least would put up a good fight while the rest of the eu/nato mobilised . 
  germany really should be the european union 's premier land power at the very least . 
  every cloud i suppose !, 
  it ranges from the fairly mild ( pop-culture myths about regulating the shape of bananas ) to fucking everything that ever went wrong in the world ultimately being the eu 's doing ( ukip ) .
