  i suppose it would be the united states first and foremost , as they 're a major english-speaking nation with the same broad free market capitalist outlook as the uk and are in many ways the successor to the british empire when it comes to stewarding global commerce , with a collection of other nations ( anglosphere , france , portugal , germany ) coming second depending on exactly which criteria you weigh most . 
  but these ads are being banned exactly because of fat people feeling inadequate when they see them . 
  they 're already having a negative impact on everyone else by forcing advertising to cater to lazy people who refuse to confront their problems and would rather complain until the rest of the world remodels to ensure they never have to . 
  you 're right it does go beyond advertising and nutritional information , but it was you who said we should go after the food companies . 
  they 've taken every reasonably practical step to educate people on what they 're eating . 
  at some point you have to stop looking to place the blame on third parties and address the fact that no one forces food onto their plates , no one bars them from going to a gym , no one censors their googling for help on calorie counting or portion control . 
  enough has now been done that you can quite clearly see it 's the individuals that are failing themselves , not society . 
  it 's not for you to decide whether these ads are worthwhile : capitalism does that . 
  that ad was meant to appeal to a specific demographic : people who want to use powders to help with their body appearance . 
  it 's not for me either , but that company has now been forced to censor their own advert because people * who the ad is n't even talking to * get upset at having to see a healthy person on a billboard and london 's mayor apparently agrees that fat people are important enough to censor advertising for . 
  do n't blame the food industry for fat people . 
  we live in a country where nutrition information is on the side of every product available : i know exactly how many calories i 'm buying for every item on the supermarket shelf and i can easily buy diet or no-sugar varients of popular drinks ( pepsi max , coke zero , so on ... ) . 
  i am not a healthy eater and i do not exercise , i just do n't eat too much for my lifestyle , it 's that simple . 
  banning these ads very much does tell fat people they 're fine . 
  look at the advert , in what world is that `` body shaming '' ? 
  it shows a fit and healthy woman , not a size zero model , not a woman whose ribs and cheek bones are bursting out of her skin . 
  it does n't promote unhealthy attitudes to appearance , it promotes a normal body weight , and it 's been banned because it 's `` body shaming '' . 
  that 's body shaming because fat people do n't like being reminded that they 're fat . 
  they should be reminded that they 're not healthy , just as smokers have to be reminded they 're destroying their lungs every time they look at their packet . 
  advertising should n't be changed to avoid hurting the feelings of people who almost exclusively are self-inflicting a serious medical condition upon themselves . 
  i 'm not sure i agree , but i 'll say that my main argument is that banning images promoting a healthy body size is counter-productive . 
  obese people may suffer from low self esteem but telling them that they 're fine will not solve the problem because you 're now saying there 's no problem to be dealt with . 
  obese people need to be made to understand that they have a problem , they need to understand that normal people do n't look like them , they need to understand that normal people are thin and healthy . 
  i do n't follow that statement . 
  are you saying people do n't smoke purely because they lack the self esteem to buy cigarettes ? 
  banning adverts that portray thin , healthy people as desirable and appealing only sends the message that obesity is n't an issue . 
  it is an issue and being obese should n't be afforded special treatment or consideration . 
  people should not be encouraged or given space to believe that obesity is anything but terrible . 
  smoking is shamed for the same reason : it 's bad for you . 
  adverts that portray smoking as a positive thing are banned , packaging contains disgusting images of the things smoking does to your body , and there 's a deliberate campaign to portray smoking in a negative light . 
  this is entirely right , and obesity should be subject to the exact same treatment . 
  obesity * should * be shamed . 
  it 's a major public health burden that is readily treatable and almost exclusively brought on by laziness on the obese person 's part . 
  bonds are products sold by governments as a way for people to invest money . 
  bonds come with a rate of return in * x * % terms , meaning the bond becomes more valuable by that amount yearly and eventually matures ( eg these are 10 year bonds so they mature in 10 years ) , allowing the person to claim the value back from the government . 
  governments sell them to raise cash for whatever they need it for , and people buy them because they 're a reliable way to invest your money for a predictable return . 
  yields going below zero are good for the government because it means they actually pay * less * than what they sold it for when it 's bought back . 
  people are willing to invest in things like that in times of uncertainty because they remain predictable : yes you 're losing money but only a small amount of money . 
  in some cases that 's preferable to risking your money on the open market ( eg in regular stocks ) if the market is troubled and you fear that the stock markets might be looking at a general decline in value . 
  a + for effort , former warsaw pact !, 
  resorting to calling your opponent hitler is generally the point at which everyone else sees you 've lost the argument . 
  pray that germany remains ever europhilic , otherwise you 'll have to contend with a * gexit * . 
  that states that even a majority vote can not be allowed to abolish democracy or the constitution , not that the far right can not exist as a democratic government . 
   if an openly anti-semitec , highly racist party like the german npd came to power i would absolutely support attempts to reduce their influence . 
  explain what you meant by this , then . 
  if the german electorate voted npd into power , you would support overturning that democratic process ? 
  support preventing them from accessing the power that the german people legitimately gave them ? 
  or am i misunderstanding your point ? 
  in others words , `` if the german people voted for a party i disagree with , i have no problem with overruling democracy '' ? 
  absolutely outrageous , a spit in the face of democracy . 
  does anyone wonder why david cameron was against this would-be tyrant being given power ? 
  or they could act like civilised people and solve their problems without murdering each other in the hundreds of thousands . 
  brussels is a very nice city to visit , so you 're right there . 
  it 'd be a cheap city break to a good city . 
  are you the birmingham tourism board ? 
  i assume you 're getting paid to say birmingham is n't shit . 
  or there was a fight over the controls in the cockpit . 
  is this going to be the new measurement of success for tv shows ? 
  will game of thrones season 6 be measured against eurovision by the drop in porn consumption during the premier ? 
  i think pornhub have hit on a new way of measuring media success . 
  should 've retorted with `` and the only one to put our flag on the moon , too . '', 
  austrian flare , australian tag on it , scottish slang . 
  who the fuck are you actually ? 
  you joke but i work with a middle aged russian woman and when she introduced herself she was `` x , from the sovie - russia . '', 
  gave me a giggle . 
  many russian stereotypes were reinforced . 
  [ it seems to be happening again , right now . 
  ] ( http://www.gridwatch.templar.co.uk/ ), 
  well let 's put a bit of perspective in : `` britain * temporarily * gets no power from coal for ` first time on record ' '' we still have active coal power stations . 
  the ones we had were coincidentally all offline at the same time for various reasons for a short period of time . 
  though i think a permanent coal-free generation base is n't actually that far away for the uk . 
  you can still sort of see the pre-war german-polish border . 
  alps and carpathians as well . 
  * why is latvia calling me ? 
  * the irish have a deep longing . 
  their circulation , the sun and mail combined , is just over 3 million in total . 
  the total population is around 65 million , the total adult population is around 53 million . 
  around 5.5 % of the adult population read both those papers combined . 
  2.5 % of the total population , 3.1 % of the adult population . 
  this assuming a 2017 daily circulation of [ 1.67 million ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_newspapers_in_the_united_kingdom_by_circulation#daily_newspapers ) and population figures from [ the ons ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/populationestimates/articles/overviewoftheukpopulation/mar2017 ) . 
  the scottish social attitudes survey did find nearly two thirds of scots held at least mildly eurosceptic views , and it 's been suggested as a result that the scottish remain vote was unenthusiastic . 
  the fact that support for independence ( which is being championed as allowing us to immediately begin rejoining europe by the snp ) has n't shifted upwards as a result of brexit is also being pointed at as suggesting that scotland 's remain vote was n't enthusiastic . 
  most scots voted remain , but it seems most scots also are n't * outraged * at having lost the vote . 
  support for aggressively pro-europe parties ( snp primarily , lib dems as well ) or causes ( independence ) has n't increased following brexit . 
  i agree , i was only looking to explain where i think tepadno is coming from . 
  if you take as fact that the uk is going to be forced to accept a very damaging deal by the eu , then a french election that would destroy the eu puts the uk 's future in france 's hands . 
  i suspect / u/tepadno is operating on that assumption . 
  despite polls still showing yes support no higher than it was at the time of the referendum . 
  well , she is pretty anti-islam , i 'd say this pr stunt very much did align with her personal views . 
  perhaps so , or to respect secularism and gender equality in a wider sense even if they themselves want to stick with wearing such garments . 
  respecting the culture of a nation you 're a guest in is hardly shameful . 
  rather , they should take note of their own actions and perhaps expect that non-swedes in sweden should learn from their example . 
  people from cultures that score lower on the map living in western countries , old people who are very socially conservative , good old fashioned misogynists . 
  there being a small minority that view women as lesser beings than men is n't surprising , i 'd expect you 'd find a small minority wanting women being superior to men as well if you asked the question the other way around . 
  now you need to look up false dichotomy , too . 
   she did win the popular vote , but she did n't win them in the right states ( and state-by-state i think the only surprise was pennsylvania , the rest were either called right or ended within the margin of error ) nationwide polls were correct , state-by-state polls got pennsylvania firmly wrong and the battleground states that trump won were within the margin of error . 
  i 'm not aware of any state they called solid blue that turned red except pennsylvania . 
  if you do n't understand how quoting incomplete parts of sentences is `` cherry picking '' then you might not understand the meaning of the term . 
  sturgeon 's been trying her hardest to spin it for 6 months now and it has accomplished nothing . 
  if the negotiations are catastrophic then that might produce movement , but this announcement will not .
