  of course not , two years is a long time in politics . 
  all i 'm arguing against the suggestion that this speech will be the catalyst . 
  and i stand by what i said . 
  all you 're doing is cherry picking parts of a single statement to claim i 'm wrong despite me being very clear about the difference between nationwide and state-by-state results . 
  sure . 
  hard brexit has been the expected result for a long time now , with parties like the lib dems and snp actively attempting to campaign to water that down . 
  her speech surprised no one . 
  in case there 's any assumptions made i voted remain and wanted to stay in the single market . 
  i 'm still not surprised by today : disappointed , but not surprised . 
  by all means , cut out the part of my response where i talk about the state-by-state results so you can facepalm about what the state-by-state results suggested . 
  scotland is already highly polarised and despite the vote to leave the eu there 's only been movement from yes to undecided . 
  support for independence is at best treading water , at worst slowly deteriorating . 
  i do n't think leaving the eu is the revitalising force for scottish nationalism that you hope it is ( and a third of the snp 's voters are voted leave ) . 
  there 's been absolutely no evidence of that so far , despite the snp doing their absolute best to turn it into a source of division and anti-uk sentiment . 
  polls for hillary were right : she * did * win the popular vote , but she did n't win them in the right states ( and state-by-state i think the only surprise was pennsylvania , the rest were either called right or ended within the margin of error ) , and polls leading up to this referendum often landed within the margin of error . 
  compare this to the polls on scottish independence where staying in the uk leads by well outside the margin of error and where the last referendum showed that people who were undecided on the day largely voted for the status quo . 
  we 're talking about a substantially larger difference of opinion than either the us election or eu referendum : they were both close calls , while the first scottish referendum was n't ( the difference was 10.6 % ) and the polls have n't narrowed at all , in fact the only major change in the polls has been a movement from yes to undecided in the last few months of 2016 . 
  also scotland here , polls strongly suggest otherwise . 
  the crux of your argument is that we treat america like the enemy because who knows , maybe one day they will be . 
  that 's both likely to be a self-fulfilling prophecy and a massive waste of money considering we have people who actually ** are ** enemies right now , and are able to kill hundreds of our citizens . 
  if america were ever to become our enemy it would n't happen overnight . 
  at this stage there 's nothing to suggest america will become hostile to europe : donald trump is an isolationist and the entire american political class views europe as america 's sphere of influence . 
  they 're more likely to defend us than attack us . 
  it 's not state armies we 're having difficulties with though , is it ? 
  not middle eastern ones , not north american ones . 
  the only state army we might have even a slim reason to regard with suspicion is the russian one : you propose we face our defences the wrong way and build our capabilities to battle the most unlikely of foes . 
  i 'm glad we do n't use such methods to decide where defence spending goes , then . 
  else we 'd be rebuilding the atlantic wall while is ran rampant as we devoted next to nothing to dealing with them . 
  luckily for us you 're not in charge of defence spending decisions , then . 
  never mind that the likes of is and aq are based in the middle east and have directly killed far more europeans than russia or the us has in the past decade . 
  but nah , negligible threat . 
  why worry about what actually kills us when we need to worry about the near-fantasy threat of the us declaring war on europe ? 
  in principle you 're right it is not impossible , but it is far and away less possible than a large number of other challenges we 'd be better spending limited resources on . 
  low-intensity counter-insurgency warfare in africa and the middle east is a more likely scenario than hostile us carrier fleets in the atlantic . 
  russian aggression in the baltics is more likely than american aggression on western europe . 
  a wider war in the middle east between saudi and iran , or russian-backed interests against american-backed interests is more likely . 
  even fighting china over africa is more likely than fighting america in european waters . 
  preparing to oppose america is a waste of money at this stage . 
  it 's exceptionally unlikely that the eu would be fighting the us . 
  this is entering into the realms of fiction , and we do n't base defence spending decisions on fiction . 
  so the op proposes that the eu , whose only two military needs are ... 1 . 
  expeditionary capability for either peacekeeping or supporting states in africa or the middle east against the likes of is and boko haram . 
  mobile warfare capability to fight a major conventional conflict on the north european plain . 
  ... should instead invest heavily in coastal defence and motorised infantry vehicles . 
  really only the drones make sense , since they 're more effective for addressing need 1 than cutting edge aircraft ( which really we 'd still need for point 2 anyway ) . 
  i 'm not sure you know much about farage if you 're saying that . 
  you could arguably use the term `` toff '' to describe him as well . 
  he 's a privately educated city broker who 's moved into national politics . 
  well he 's been making noises about working for the trump administration but nothing concrete came of that , at least so far . 
  he might 've just been thinking out loud in the hopes that trump would make him an offer , or they might have an understanding in that farage will come across when a50 is safely activated . 
  no one really knows . 
  `` hanged '' can only be used when referring to the method of execution , otherwise it 's `` hung '' . 
  at least , that 's how it was explained to me many moons ago : i 'm not an english teacher . 
  and a rare `` not the colour of invading countries '' for britain !, 
  you could say this about many nations , particularly european ones , but they all maintain a military . 
  which could be far more easily neutralised than aircraft and ca n't be used as a visible presence to force rogue or unresponsive ( for innocent or malicious reasons ) aircraft to comply . 
  in order to defend swiss airspace from unauthorised incursions would be my go-to assumption . 
  it is indeed icey , as suspected . 
  the british isles are all the islands off the north coast of france . 
  great britain is the largest island , and is wholly controlled by the state of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  the isle of ireland is split between the uk and the republic of ireland . 
  there are then many more smaller islands that are either part of the uk , republic of ireland , or are crown dependencies attached to the uk . 
  the term `` british isles '' is generally used as a geographical term , one that predates all the states that occupy them , but the term is controversial in ireland because the word `` british '' is very closely associated with the united kingdom , and the republic of ireland is not part of the united kingdom . 
  there 's a polandball comic out there somewhere that shows britain built an empire by basically drawing straight lines everywhere , it 's quite funny . 
  it 's somewhat similar to this but i ca n't find it now . 
  wilders , like many other leaders in newly-popular right wing european parties , is anti-islam and seeks to curb immigration from islamic countries ( in the netherlands case , this means primarily moroccan immigration ) , to deport those already here on defined grounds ( their own policies say criminals , for example ) and to limit islamic activity within the netherlands itself . 
  as i 've said plenty of times now , take 2 minutes of your life to read literally anything they say about islam and you 'll find the context . 
  seems the british , the irish and the dutch are united in their love for building semi-detached ( and i assume that includes terraced too in the graph ) housing . 
  there 's only about 200,000 romanians in the uk ( of 63 million ) but we 've still made an art of claiming you guys steal all our jobs . 
  that you choose to ignore my responses is on you , not me . 
  i 've given you an entirely reasonable and sufficient response , which you repeatedly disqualify and then ask the same question again . 
  my answer wo n't change . 
  if you wo n't accept it as an answer then fine , it 's on you . 
  if you 're going to insist on disregarding context then we 're not going to get anywhere , because i think that 's a stupid thing to do . 
  you say i 'm an apologist for racism , i say you 're deliberately refusing to take the statement in context in an attempt to twist his words into what * you * want them to mean , not what they actually mean . 
  neither of us will agree to the other . 
   obviously their platform is more nuanced than this excerpt . 
   stick the the point and explain to us how what geert said was no racial hatred and was in fact reasonable pick one . 
  they 're mutually exclusive . 
  what he said , taken by itself with absolutely no reference to anything he 's ever said before or since , is obviously unreasonable . 
  that said , you 're being a narrow minded fool if you insist in examining an entire political stance based on a one-liner : i bet i can find one-liners by hitler , stalin , or any infamous character of history , that sound entirely fair and reasonable , so let 's judge them on just those , shall we ? 
  take the time to go read anything about his or his party 's stances rather than basing their entire platform on a single spoken line , perhaps . 
  both he and his party have said substantially more , and in substantially more detail , in many other speeches , events and documents . 
  you ca n't seriously defend the claim that his party are committing to a programme of deporting every single moroccan citizen or person of moroccan descent , regardless of occupation , criminal history , or legality of residence , when they get into power . 
  a single out of context quote taken from a man whose personal and party positions on islamic communities within the netherlands , and their policy plans regarding any deportations of dual citizens or non-citizens on visas , are very well documented , does not make solid proof . 
  as i said , you 're heavily stretching his message . 
  i think you 're heavily stretching the intent of wilders ' message with these claims . 
  he 's not proposing to deport everyone with moroccan citizenship or ancestry on principle . 
  as i said , it 's nothing but an anecdote . 
  my friends were informed by residents of brussels that the university put them in touch with as mentors . 
  it 's not racist at all . 
  they believe moroccan culture is incompatible with dutch culture , they believe it brings with it more negatives than positives . 
  the netherlands is the nation-state of dutch culture , and therefore if the dutch culture opts to separate itself from moroccan culture they have every right to do so . 
  you appear to be advocating that dislike of different cultures should be banned . 
  everyone is obliged to simply put up with the problems they feel that creates . 
  if you dislike moroccans just because they 're moroccan , whether they 're westernised or not , then you 're prejudiced . 
  wilders , like le pen , like farage , like trump , is railing against the perceived * cultural incompatibility * . 
  you 're not born with a culture , you can change it , and that 's what wilders and his followers would have you do . 
  in my opinion yes , you should . 
  if there are parts of jewish culture you find makes you uncomfortable , it should be your right to voice that opinion .
