  sadly that disqualifies most of the english speaking world . 
  fatties everywhere here , amazed we have n't sunk beneath the waves . 
  so we 've established that ... 1 . 
  no law existed or exists tying the vote to the draft . 
  people were drafted despite not having the vote in ww1 , ww2 , the korean war , the malayan emergency , cyprus emergency , mau mau uprising and the suez crisis . 
  ... and yet somehow women 's suffrage was all about getting the vote * and * dodging the draft , because the two are somehow linked . 
  was every war the uk was involved in up to the end of national service `` exceptional circumstances '' ? 
  or are you prepared to admit there 's absolutely no link , either legally or `` in practice '' , between eligibility for military service and eligibility to vote ? 
  show me the law in the uk that linked the vote to service in the military . 
  the right to vote has never been linked with the draft . 
  conscription in ww1 applied to men aged 18-41 while the voting laws at the time allowed only men that owned property or paid rent above # 10 the vote . 
  after the war all men over age 21 were allowed the vote . 
  18 year olds would n't get the vote until 1970 . 
  in other words , you 're talking shit . 
  the vote and the draft are completely unrelated . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the suffrage movement was about getting women the vote . 
  * equal * rights for women was the original intention . 
  it was about gender equality . 
  it no longer is . 
  modern feminism is n't about equality , it 's about retaliating against perceived insults . 
  they have no interest in ending the struggle : they exist for that struggle . 
  scottish nationalists do the exact same shit . 
  or , more accurately with the money part , did before the oil price collapsed . 
  new zealand would be my first choice , other places i 'd be keen to live are : - australia - republic of ireland - gibraltar/channel isles - canada/united states - the netherlands/denmark / ( maybe , i hear it 's hellishly expensive ) norway - spain/italy/france, 
  northern ireland might beg to differ . 
  well the normans seem pretty happy about it . 
  as a brit i fear what they must be planning . 
  says the country that flouted the treaties we already had and encouraged limitless numbers of people who those treaties classed as economic migrants enter europe . 
  ca n't have it both ways , germany . 
  you ca n't encourage mass economic migration and then * after they 're all here * demand we regard them as asylum seekers and take them off your hands . 
  that said , it seems they 're suggesting doing it for those still in camps , which is much more acceptable . 
  my understanding has always been weak atheism is what i described and strong atheism is arguing that through science you can assert that god does n't exist . 
  there 's a difference between `` there 's no proof he does , so i do n't believe '' and `` there 's proof he does n't , so i do n't believe '' . 
  i did n't say i was agnostic . 
  there 's a difference between agnostics , who assert there 's no way to disprove god , and weak atheists who do n't believe because of lack of proof , and strong atheists who assert there 's enough proof to argue god certainly does n't exist . 
  i 'm a weak atheist : there 's no proof god exists , no proof he does n't either , but the burden of proof lies on the believers and not the non-believers . 
  i do n't see any reason to regard any religion as the correct one until such proof can be delivered . 
  so to answer your question i 'm very far away from that ideal but i suppose not as far away as you could possibly get . 
  well we did force them out eventually . 
  the romans left of their own will when their empire elsewhere was crumbling and the normans became a defining aspect of culture in the british isles . 
  if we leave it 'll certainly deal a blow to the eu : we 're one of the largest by population , economy and contribution to eu funds . 
  london serves as the eu 's foremost global city . 
  whether a uk exit will embolden the eurosceptics in other eu nations enough to bring them success with their own electorate is something you could debate either way : it 'll certainly give them a confidence boost but it 'll also rob them of the cornerstone of the anti-federalising movement . 
  which is why my opinion is unpopular in the uk . 
  i 'm of the opinion we 'd fit in fine if we dropped the artificial and arrogant aloofness . 
  we 're not as different as we like to regard ourselves as . 
  the romans and normans were certainly not defeated by the natives . 
  we 've been ruled from , or conquered by invaders from , the continent several times in our history . 
  each to their own opinions . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  less borders , less emphasis on competition and more on cooperation , a step towards global unity and i do n't feel significantly different to any european i 've ever met . 
  perhaps not unpopular in / r/europe but i 'd get lynched for this in / r/unitedkingdom . 
  a federal europe is a fantastic idea and we should create it with all haste . 
  i said they 're equally as closed minded . 
  this is the second time you 've misunderstood this . 
  being equally as closed minded is not equivalent to being the same * in all things * . 
  if you burn books , you are closed minded . 
  state sponsored or not , you 're closed minded . 
  not in the book he does n't . 
  clearly you reference the movie version . 
  he did n't say they were equally as bad , he said they were equally as closed-minded . 
  anyone who burns books is , indeed , equally as closed-minded as hitler and stalin . 
  that 's not to say i agree left-wing democrats do this . 
  simply explaining his argument . 
  well if the guy 's got the historical sources to back it up then he 's got every right to say it , offensive or otherwise . 
  i 'm sure we 'll see in court whether his opinion is based on factual evidence . 
   nope , totally not the ussr . 
  they were just `` pro-russian '' . 
  learn the difference between the warsaw pact and the ussr . 
   nice word twisting , mate !, 
  it 's not like i specifically said in response to a single russian land grab or massacre just now . 
  the konigsberg atrocity along with every single post-war massacre russians ever did in europe , hungary in ' 56 , czechoslovakia in ' 68 , military aggression against the baltic states after the ussr collapsed , the transnistrian war , various abominations in the caucasus , 2 planes full of western civilians knocked down , and ukraine right now . 
  none of those constitute an attack on nato . 
  we 'd be declaring war on russia , not the other way around . 
  actually from discussions with him we 're all russophiliacs because nato has n't launched an offensive war against russia already . 
  merely * tolerating the existence of russia * is russophillia to this guy . 
  first , i brought up the ussr of the cold war , not immediately post-war . 
  second , east berlin was run by the gdr ( despite western protests ) , not the soviet union . 
  have you ever considered that so many people tell you that because you 're a moron spouting utter shit and dismissing all reasonable disgareement as russophilia ? 
  probably not , because you 're a paranoid whackjob . 
  your entire argument is that because we have n't started an offensive war against russia , nato does n't exist . 
  you are , quite simply , stupid . 
  the * warsaw pact * extended significantly further west than berlin . 
  the ussr did not . 
  my sarcasm is an attack on your position as being utterly ludicrous . 
  you 're living in some twisted fantasy where nato is nothing more than a bluff that we hope the russians never challenge in reality . 
  there 's no challenging that with rational evidence because you 've departed from rational thought processes entirely . 
  i also have no idea what you 're talking about when you 're referencing stalin or the ussr . 
  what 's that got to do with the russian federation under putin theoretically invading estonia ? 
  right . 
  so we 've got russian tanks in tallinn and the whole of nato will shrug their shoulders while any nato troops inside estonia will mutiny rather than resist . 
  nato is actually the single biggest bluff in history . 
  thank fuck the ussr never called it . 
  must be a crazy world in that head of yours . 
  do you not think they would be if putin was certain that the us would n't lift a finger in their defence ? 
  ignoring your constant ( and wrong ) insisting that russia 's intervention in syria is an invasion ... on what grounds do you make that claim ? 
  why should nato militarily react to what russia does to non-nato allies ? 
  nato never agreed to defend georgia , ukraine or syria . 
  nato never agreed to stop russia from acting abroad in a military capacity .
