  it 's acknowledged historical fact that the ukrainian people 's republic was a faction in the civil war , fighting soviet ukraine , which won in the end . 
  ukraine did n't exist . 
  one of the multiple factions of the russian revolution proclaimed themselves ukraine and countries opposed to russia ( the central powers , then poland ) backed that faction . 
  very different things . 
  soviet ukraine was literally a founding member of the ussr . 
  it was russian backed , but the opposition was central powers-backed and , post-ww1 , was poland-backed . 
  the russian-backed ukrainian bolsheviks won the civil war . 
  the ussr was formed when the russian sfsr , the transcaucasian sfsr , the ukrainian ssr and the byelorussian ssr signed the treaty of the creation of the ussr . 
  you 're using the attempted breakaway state that formed during the revolution and was propped up first by the central powers and then by poland , which at no point existed at peace and existed alongside soviet ukraine ( being absorbed by them in due time ) as * proof * that ukraine existed and was invaded by the ussr ? 
  that 's a desperate , desperate stretch . 
  it was essentially a civil war . 
  it was certainly * not * an existing , recognised ukrainian state that was then declared war on , invaded and annexed by the soviet union . 
  the chaos the former russian empire went through following the first world war is , as you say , complicated . 
  that does n't mean you can claim with any accuracy that ukraine was forced to join the ussr : ukraine did n't even exist . 
  it was a former province of the russian empire that , like the rest , underwent significant internal strife and saw warfare among competing factions , one of which did happen to be a pro-ukrainian state faction . 
  ukraine was already part of the russian empire prior to the revolution . 
  you can hardly argue the soviet union invaded and occupied ukraine . 
  a brief civil war was fought when the empire fell ( part of the wider revolution raging across the entire former russian empire ) , which resulted in ukraine remaining part of the now soviet union . 
  there * was * a pro-independence faction but they were defeated by the bolsheviks . 
  nothing like rewriting history to suit modern political agendas . 
  ukraine was russian-controlled for far longer than the soviet union existed . 
  in short , no . 
  a woman can elect to abort the baby or keep it without having to seek any input from the father , and the father is obliged to live with that decision regardless of his own opinion on the matter . 
  there are ways and means to delay and frustrate the process , like demanding dna tests , and it 's been known to happen ( here at least ) that fathers who fall far behind in their payments can often settle the case for less than they would 've paid if the 'd kept the payments faithfully , but that depends on the mother not taking action early on . 
  the oil is not a burden for us , i believe the point he was attempting to make is that because of the low value , and thus low revenue , that we 're getting from the sector for now ( and for the foreseeable future , because even with the oil price this low the shale industry is n't dying , and iran 's coming into the market again , never mind the increase in electric vehicle sales that people are expecting in the coming decade ) is n't nearly enough to cover the historically higher public sector spending in scotland . 
  we were # 9.8 bn in the hole last year ( that includes a # 4bn geographic share of oil revenue ) and the oil price crashed in september . 
  for reference that 's 6.4 % of gdp versus the uk 's deficit of 4.1 % of gdp . 
  the figures for 2014-15 wo n't be any better . 
  oil is hardly a burden : anything that brings money * in * ca n't reasonably be called a burden . 
  what it can be called is a resource that is n't as valuable as the snp like to think it is . 
  an independent scotland would not be in a better financial position than a scotland within the union , at this point in time . 
  i expected the uk to be the front runner here but good god , the nordics beat us by a mile . 
  guys , the eu flag is almost all blue . 
  we 're all fucked . 
  in the queen 's , `` yes '' and `` no '' . 
  in the local dialect , `` aye '' and `` naw '' . 
  of course . 
  you act like you 're unaware that the us is directly and solely responsible for africa being a shithole . 
  how dare you !, 
  it 's time for italy to start dropping them back off in libya . 
  they keep coming because they get let in . 
  no one 's going to pay thousands of dollars when word gets round that you 'll be dropped back off on a random libyan beach as soon as the europeans get hold of you . 
  in all fairness that 's pretty much everywhere , europe or not . 
  people are tribal , it 's not a uniquely european trait . 
  just shoot them . 
  people who rape and murder should be put to death . 
  i 'm not on any diet . 
  is # 60 a week unusually low for 2 people ? 
  it 's a training salary , i 'll go to # 2,833 gross ( # 34,000 salary ) in 2 months . 
  i 'm only 23 , have n't yet had the time to get a few promotions and start breaking into the more attractive salary bands . 
  nope , fucked that up . 
  should be # 120 on food , i halved it twice for unknown reasons . 
  engineer , private sector , full time . 
  - # 2,208 gross - # 1,680 post-tax ( ish ) ( after income tax , ni , pension ... ) - # 200 rent ( # 400 total , two of us here ) - # 150 car payment - # 20 phone - # 120ish food ( # 240 total , two of us ) - # 30ish electricity ( # 60ish total , two of us ) - # 50ish council tax ( # 100 total , two of us ) - # 40 gym ~ # 1,010 left for other shite . 
  you 've yet to prove why that 's linked to gaelic . 
  your statistics were bogus , so what is it ? 
  i 've seen far more french , spanish and german in signs , leaflets , instructions , atms than scots or gaelic . 
  where exactly is scots used in signs ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen any , anywhere . 
  i 've seen the odd gaelic one , mainly in train stations as i said . 
  where the fuck you got 30 % from is beyond me because the [ census ] ( http://www.scotlandscensus.gov.uk/news/census-2011-release-2a ) says 1.1 % . 
  as a scot i can reliably inform you that 1.1 % is far more accurate than 30 % : 99.99 % of conversation in scotland is done in english , and 99.99 % of multi-language signage has french , german and spanish , not gaelic . 
  the only place you 'll see gaelic on signs is at train stations because the nationalist scottish government are desperate to promote it , but they 've been in power 8 years and it continues to decline . 
  of 5.2 million scots , [ 4.75 million use english only at home ] ( http://www.scotlandscensus.gov.uk/documents/censusresults/release2a/rel2a_language_detailed_scotland.pdf ) , a further 56,000 claim to also use `` scots '' ( which was once a language but the `` scots '' used today by those who claim to speak it is not the scots of robert burns ' day , it 's at most a dialect of english ) and gaelic comes in in a whopping 8th place behind such scottish stalwarts as urdu , punjabi and chinese . 
  so i 'll repeat : scotland had an independence referendum , and we 're all english speakers . 
  must not be a language thing . 
  venetian i ca n't even find italian census data on it . 
  there 's apparently 3.9 million speakers * worldwide * , but nothing on the veneto region itself . 
  having been to venice twice everything was in italian and not remotely like barcelona , where everything actually is in catalan . 
  and yet scotland has also had an independence referendum and shares a common language with the uk . 
  the north of italy also has various growing independence movements , veneto being one of the larger ones . 
  i know they did and i voted for them . 
  i intend to vote to stay in this upcoming referendum , at least . 
  hopefully a strong yes vote will convince the british political establishment to engage more with europe . 
  i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make here . 
  yes , i 'd vote for a unified eu . 
  or , at least , a far more closely unified eu than we have at present with foreign policy centrally controlled and an `` eu treasury '' having final say over the economic plans of the constituent member states . 
  someone from the alabama swamps barely even has a common language with a banker from new york . 
  nonsense , the russian federation is not the soviet union !, 
  there is absolutely no need to bring up the trivial issue of soviet cooperation with germany in a thread such as this : what 's clearly important here is that german companies are all secretly nazis and russia must show the world that it will not stand for such travesties of freedom and democracy . 
  this of course works on the assumption that the uk would n't have a free trade agreement with the eu in a manner resembling switzerland or norway . 
  if the uk were to vote to leave it would attempt to prepare free trade agreements ( eg , continued membership of the eea ) to replace full membership . 
  this is compounded by many locals preferring to speak to you in english even if you do speak their language . 
  my girlfriend speaks french , spanish and italian and she 'll go into a shop or bar or whatever and speak their tongue to them , and then they reply in english because they detect the accent . 
  you can blame a bunch of twats a long time ago for making english non-phonetic . 
  it used to be , and then in an effort to make it look more fancy and latin-like they started adding things like ` b ' to ` debt ' ( which was simply ` det ' before ) . 
  damned fatties clog up our health systems as much as they clog up their own hearts . 
  self discipline has to be pushed onto these people . 
  bad women , bad food , and people wonder why we wanted to acquire many other places . 
  regret that i did n't take the hundred and forty-seventh news story about a russian buildup more seriously than the preceding hundred and forty-six . 
  call me when troops in russian uniforms are at kiev . 
  they do this every other month by the amount we hear of `` russian troops massing on ukrainian border !! '', 
  russia wo n't openly invade ukraine , they 're committed to the strategy of `` volunteer militiamen '' until ukraine exhausts itself and gives those regions so much autonomy that they become the ukrainian equivalent of south ossetia and abkhazia . 
  politics should n't come into a bloody song contest anyway . 
  this is a very concise explanation . 
  thank you !, 
  ukraine 's gdp was larger than that of poland 's when the ussr broke up , poland actually started behind ukraine , but implemented aggressive reforms to create a market economy compatible with the western world 's . 
  i never put it down to the eu : poland joined the eu in 2004 , by which point it was already leagues ahead of ukraine . 
  poland succeeded because it quickly transitioned from the planned economic models of the soviet union into a capitalist market economy , it created the visegrad group ( which looked westwards ) , joined nato , and through concerted effort since independence joined the eu alongside the other visegrad group members . 
  poland , after communism , went west and prospered .
