  i support eu membership and support having a referendum on the subject . 
  if ukip 's supporters become a new brand of the snp 's supporters and continually clamour for more referendums until they get the answer they want i 'll react to them the exact same way i reacted to you . 
  also , not on my doorstep ? 
  your logic is difficult to follow and your facts are also wrong . 
  you 're speaking from the position of someone who 's already made up their mind . 
  you forget that 55 % of the country voted no . 
  some of them vote snp , but all 55 % of them lack thus `` us vs them '' attitude that actual nationalists have . 
  it 's a trait of nationalists everywhere , regardless of nationality : us vs them . 
  it 's sad and pathetic , to be honest , nationalism should be dead . 
  on to the factual error . 
  you seem to have forgotten that london allowed the referendum , and only london can allow the next one . 
  if you think a majority in holyrood entitles you to another referendum you 're being laughably hopeful . 
  if the snp want another referendum in the next scottish parliament they 'll simply be told no . 
  which is relevant why ? 
  the snp will still use whatever power they get in london to milk a minority labour government that relies on their support for as much goodies to scotland as possible . 
  that 'll be * really easy * to sell to other parts of the uk as anti-labour propaganda . 
  ed 's got the choice of losing face in ruk or losing face in scotland . 
  basic maths . 
  he 'd rather a party that at least represents the same country get in power rather than having to work with a party that 's guaranteed to lose him enormous amounts votes in the rest of the country and whose very name describes their selfish provincialist aims at the expense of the rest of the nation . 
  good god , it 's almost like he 's got half a brain . 
  i ca n't tell you what team ups will provide 50 % +1 because the election has n't happened yet . 
  the simple difference between us is that you seem to think scotland has some god-given right to be represented in a coalition/supply and confidence government just because it votes snp , while i understand that 50 mps out of 650 is a tiny part of a larger whole . 
  the rest of the parties in the uk hate the snp . 
  they 're separatists , they want to break apart the country the rest of them stand for . 
  no one 's going to work with them at all unless desperately necessary , and rightly so . 
  would ukip returning 50 mps place some sort of guarantee on their policies being respected too ? 
  no , it would not . 
  the overwhelming majority of the snp 's support is from yes voters , people whose core political ideology is separatism , again leading to the other parties reacting with hostility . 
  if you want scotland 's voice better represented you 're going about it in a stupid way , but you 're going about it that way because what you actually want is independence . 
  if you were really settled on `` better representation '' and nothing else , you would n't be voting in a party that every other fucking party is promising not to talk to . 
  we 'd be better represented under fucking labour than under the snp , at least labour mps would get into government if we voted for them . 
  want better representation in scotland ? 
  get your 100,000 pro-indy fans to join scottish labour and co-opt it into a scotland-centric branch of the labour party . 
  you want independence and you want to protest vote at westminster , though . 
  better representation is n't the main agenda . 
  no , it 'll show snp supporters who have made their decision already the supposed `` contempt '' the uk has . 
  unlike you , i do n't see scotland as the centre of the universe and i have the basic understanding of maths necessary to perceive that a body of 650 people can form a grouping of greater than 50 % of them without relying on a particular group of 50 people . 
  scotland is 8 % of the uk 's population . 
  their representation in the sitting government is n't remotely necessary for a functioning government . 
  5 million can not dictate the government in a nation of 64 million . 
  i completely agree that proportional representation should be implemented immediately , i continue to disagree with your fabricated outrage . 
  you 're attempting to paint a 100 % acceptable and routine outcome as some sort of perversion of democracy . 
  what law , what tradition , what sensible argument at all , dictates that having 50 mps entitles you to form a part of the sitting government ? 
  why does having 50 mps mean you have a god-given right to such access ? 
  what about 50 mps forces another party , which is * deeply hostile * to your core principle , to work with you ? 
  you 're just pissed off that the snp might achieve nothing in london even if they win in scotland . 
  scotland is 59 seats out of 650 , a small part of the entire united kingdom : it is not * entitled * to representation in the appointed government simply because you have a sense of national identity . 
  scotland consists of around 8 % of the uk 's population , just why are we entitled to form a government ? 
  should the democratic choice of northumberland be guaranteed a voice in the government ? 
  what about the northern irish parties , surely they 're being shown this claimed contempt because they 're not involved ? 
  what about sturgeon making the * exact same fucking statement * about the tories ? 
  where 's your outrage there ? 
  fair enough , but it does seem to imply some level of support or agreement . 
  can i wave a nazi flag and celebrate their contributions and not be a nazi , then ? 
  sounds like a reasonable plan . 
  can you explain it ? 
  i understand how the uk mechanisms work , i 'd like to compare . 
  because ireland allows gay marriage , right ? 
  i 'm sadly all too aware of this . 
  it 's always an interesting point of discussion being british and wanting the eu to become a proper country as soon as possible . 
  the british public are pro-eu despite the ongoing campaign against it by ukip ( and supporting papers ) and the total absence of a pro-eu campaign to compensate . 
  if you ca n't convince the public that the eu is bad when the pro-eu lobby is n't even countering your arguments , what hope do you have in an official campaign with an organised pro-eu campaign fighting back ? 
  we should be turning those boats in the med round and beaching them on north african soil . 
  neither serbia nor croatia claim the land as their own , hence he 's claimed it . 
  you 'd rather destroy it than move it somewhere so people can learn from it ? 
  i 'm glad people like you are n't generally in charge of these things . 
  move them to said museums , that 's what the germans did . 
  so move them to a museum . 
  destroying them is short-sighted . 
  yes , i would . 
  move it to somewhere where it can be explained in context . 
  why simply destroy it ? 
  i do n't want britain to destroy things linked with colonialism either . 
  i do n't mind them removing it from where it is , i 'm objecting to all this stuff being wrecked because `` fuck russia '' . 
  remove it fair enough , but put it somewhere future generations can see it and learn something about it . 
  destroying history is never acceptable . 
  you do n't see anything weird with * destroying * parts of your history just because you do n't like it at the time ? 
  put it in a fucking museum or something , [ that 's what the germans did ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/topography_of_terror ) , because the germans understand that history , good and bad , is important to preserve for future generations to learn from . 
  45 years of your history and 80 years of ukraine 's is n't history . 
  alright then ... 
  ... and hearing someone attempt to justify destroying items from an important part of local , european and world history because they dislike one particular ex-soviet state , then dismiss rightful criticism of their short-sighted vandalism as `` outsiders get no say in this '' is simply saddening . 
  if the germans have the common sense and historical reverence to preserve fucking auschwitz , ukrainians should have the common sense and historical reverence to preserve the symbols of the communist era , so their kids can see them and learn the mistakes of the past . 
  but no , you trash them all because `` fuck russia '' and in fifty years you 'll have nothing to learn the lessons of the past with except a few broken statues with a placard saying `` ex-soviet statue , destroyed by unknown vandals in 2015 '' . 
  good going there . 
  so stick it in storage or in a museum or something , wrecking items of cultural or historical significance because you do n't like what they represent is shameful . 
  `` you did n't live it ! '', 
  is utter bullshit . 
  am i not allowed to have an opinion on isis destroying the sites in iraq now ? 
  i do n't need to be ukrainian to care about ukraine 's history , and i do n't need to be ukrainian to object to ukrainian thugs destroying historical items because `` hurr durr fuck russia '' . 
  judging by the downvotes it very much seems so , yes . 
  these are the same people that would be speaking out about groups like isis smashing historical sites in the middle east . 
  double standards , much like vandalising history , are shameful . 
  vandalising history is shameful . 
  academics debate this theory even today , my friend !, 
  i like that the internet 's description is `` valuable porn , plus other information '' . 
  one has been proposed in recent years ( `` ice link '' , connecting iceland to the uk ) but i do n't know the current status of the project . 
  i have n't heard anything about it in some time , either positive or negative . 
  for the third time : entirely * technically * possible . 
  it is n't science * fiction * , it 's science * fact * . 
  economically it is indeed effectively impossible , and i 've not once tried to tell you that 100 % renewable is broadly `` possible '' , i 've said `` technically possible '' because it is `` technically '' possible .
