  we ca n't cook for shit ourselves , but proved to have a good eye when it came to deciding which countries to invade for better food . 
  we spent the longest time trying to go after france , but when that proved too difficult we found some very appealing indian food !, 
  do n't trust a british cooked meal , but maybe put some trust in a brit 's assessment of a foreign cooked meal . 
  they contrast russia 's actions on a number of high-profile international events with the west 's and find russia 's to be more appealing to them . 
  on syria : the russians have a clear plan and are acting decisively to bring it about . 
  they 're stabilising the regime and are then prepared to enter international talks about transitioning syria to a new format that addresses the issues that caused the civil war . 
  whether you believe they 're genuine in that desire or not is a personal judgement , of course . 
  contrast that with the west 's response which is both confused and timid . 
  we make facebook profile filters and cartoons expressing grief whenever isis manages a terror attack , are waging a fairly limited bombing campaign , and are backing other rebel groups against assad , prolonging the conflict . 
  on refugees : this is obviously a hot topic for the right , who oppose the accommodation of millions of culturally very different people inside europe on an indefinite basis , who are dismayed at how badly behaved parts of that population are yet little action seems to be taken against them , who are dismayed at their lack of integration , and dismayed at how willing to bend over backwards western governments are to cater to them , even at the apparent expense of their own people . 
  contrast that with russia 's approach , which is far more socially conservative ( something common on the right ) in expecting immigrants to integrate faster and further , and who has n't rolled out the welcome mat to essentially unlimited migration . 
  on ukraine : many on the right see a double standard at play in ukraine , where russia is vilified as an invader whereas the us ( who in leaked transcripts were caught actively discussing setting up a compliant regime from the protest movement ) saw no punishment . 
  a number of western polling agencies have consistently found overwhelming support in crimea for joining russia , yet all western media ever reported on was accusations that the referendum itself was rigged . 
  as such the best conclusion i can draw is that the european right see in russia 's own political decisions things they would like to see in their own countries . 
  like everyone does , they tend to overlook or minimise the aspects they would n't support in their own countries ( eg most right wingers are n't homophobic , but russia enacts anti-homosexual laws ) . 
  they are dismayed by european governments as they are now , because they 're predominantly socially left wing ( were , less so now , the winds appear to be shifting , see hungary , poland , usa , see the sharp rise of support for social conservatism in the uk , france , netherlands ... ) . 
  cameron , osborne and johnson were certainly more centrist and socially liberal than theresa may is , yes , but even with their time in power they had to concede a great deal to the socially conservative factions . 
  i suggested clegg 's lib dems as closest because it seemed that their way of thinking within the lib dems seemed more dominant than cameron 's way of thinking did in the tories : cameron presided over a very internally divided party , just as corbyn is presiding over a very internally divided labour . 
  remember that it was cameron 's ministry that started this porn censor talk . 
  you 've misunderstood our conservative party if you think their mantra is small government . 
  they 're both fiscally and socially conservative , which means scaled back intervention in the market and scaled up intervention in society . 
  labour are little different socially , but support a more interventionist approach to the markets . 
  there are no cut and dry `` small government '' uk parties . 
  factions within the tories and lib dems support those ideas . 
  clegg 's lib dems were perhaps the closest to party platform-level `` small government '' policies . 
  as i said , i 'd rather we did n't leave . 
  i do n't disagree that `` from the inside '' is the best approach to this . 
  if there 's a better way of doing it than the eu , maybe we should be exploring that , or exploring how the eu might better fit everyone 's needs ? 
  brexit happened because too many british people decided the eu was n't worth it for them , and there are plenty dutch and french people who feel the same it seems . 
  it does please me that you got upset enough to go digging through my comment history and trot out an example with no context whatsoever in an attempt to smear me . 
  even as a remain voter and someone committed to rejoining the eu at some point in the future , i have to say you 're wrong . 
  there 's been enough inflammatory rhetoric from the eu that it does seem at times that it 's a case of `` you do n't * have * to stay , but if you do n't we 'll do our best to ruin you on the way out '' . 
  now i get that these people have their own electorates to play to and are hoping to stymie other nations leaving an institution they 're committed to , so i can see * why * they say those things , but to claim as you do that the eu is voluntary and tolerant of dissent or departure is plain wrong . 
  many euroskeptics feel they need to tear the eu down on their way out precisely because the eu is proving itself to be hostile to those that do leave . 
  calling it a `` loose agreement '' does n't change the fact that the german government agreed to it . 
  trump is entirely within his rights to expect the german government to stand by their word . 
  if germany does n't want to commit to maintaining an agreed level of military spending then they should leave nato . 
  you 're expecting america to unconditionally guarantee your military security while at the same time refusing to pay the share * you agreed to pay * towards it . 
  it is on trump to decide whether he sends us soldiers to war , though . 
  he 's stated his expectations : nato states adhere to the spending levels * they all agreed to * or the us will treat nato the same way they do , as a non-binding organisation . 
  it 's refusing to spend the requested amount of money , which is what trump is basing his willingness to guarantee us backing on . 
   nobody ( ok almost nobody ) is refusing to spend money though . 
  that is factually incorrect . 
  only 5 of nato 's 28 countries are n't refusing to spend money : the rest fall short . 
  34 billion is a lot of money to you and i. 
  it 's not a lot of money to the german economy . 
   germany is spending more than 34 billion euro on defence . 
  which amounts to 1.2 % of gdp . 
  you need to be spending 57 billion euros to get to 2 % . 
  [ only 5 countries meet the requirement . 
  ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2016/04/15/news/nato-spending-countries/ ), 
  they wanted the western european states or scandinavia for the perceived benefits of being a refugee there . 
  stories like this surely lend weight to the idea that many of these refugees were really just economic migrants looking to take advantage of european countries . 
  of course , it seems so obvious now ... 
  [ that 's a myth . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-tayside-central-34909845 ), 
  who knows , then . 
  maybe because the dispute does n't involve a military dimension nato felt that it did n't contravene the general prohibition on states with outstanding territorial disputes from joining . 
  or maybe realpolitik carried the day and it was conveniently ignored since the `` no territorial disputes '' probably exists purely as a get-out clause for situations like the one currently existing in ukraine , so that a country ca n't join nato then invoke article 5 the next day . 
  is that the spanish government 's position as well ? 
  it would raise questions as to how spain entered nato if so , because that would surely count as a territorial dispute ? 
  there 's a difference . 
  spain recognises gibraltar as british territory , but believes that it should be returned to spain . 
  ukraine , georgia , and moldova do n't recognise their breakaway regions as independent regions that should be returned , they view them as illegally occupied parts of the home country . 
  if ukraine were to turn around and say `` ok , crimea , donetsk , and luhansk are actually legally part of russia now , but we think they should be given back to us '' then we 'd be in the same position as spain is with gibraltar . 
  spain does n't claim gibraltar is * illegally occupied * by the british , to my understanding . 
  it 's exactly what you said , though :  not recognising catalonia means spain defaults on its debt immediately * immediately * following a refusal to recognise , is what you said . 
  though now you 're saying spain will default at a later date , once the financial situation becomes untenable . 
  i disagree : the eu and imf would n't allow spain to default . 
  look at the time and money they poured into greece to avoid a default there . 
  spain defaulting would seriously damage the euro , and would set off another european , and possibly global as a result , credit crisis . 
  that would n't be allowed to happen , spain would be propped up . 
  it 's still a far cry short of `` immediate default '' . 
  the act of catalonia declaring unilateral independence wo n't cause spain to default on their national debt that same minute , will it ? 
  it might end up in another greece-like situation , but you were clearly wrong when you claimed an `` immediate default '' would follow , and that 's what i questioned . 
  i 've got my answer : spain wo n't immediately default . 
  you 're just expressing an opinion that spain would struggle to meet their obligations without catalonia . 
  so the answer is `` spain wo n't default , but losing catalonia might cause them budgetary issues '' . 
  that 's a very long way from `` immediately defaulting '' , is n't it ? 
  also the eu was already clear in scotland 's case that secession had to be legal in accordance with the uk 's laws , so you can expect at least the eu to not recognise catalonia if it declares independence unilaterally , not until spain recognises it . 
  answer the question . 
  why would a catalonian udi , followed by madrid saying `` no , we do n't recognise that '' cause an immediate default on all spanish national debt ? 
  and subsequent opinion polls and research show that to be false . 
  the few that * did * actually change their vote based on the eu result were balanced out by the few yes voters that changed to no because they voted yes to get out the eu in the first place . 
  there 's been dozens of opinion polls done since the eu referendum and public opinion has n't shifted . 
  the snp used it as an excuse because it was convenient , not because public opinion had shifted . 
  why would that cause debt default , exactly ? 
  from an international perspective it 's a dispute between a central government and a regional one . 
  every other country will treat catalonia as still part of spain . 
  i imagine it 'll just be treated as an internal spanish issue . 
  the eu were clear enough on scotland : they 'll only recognise catalonia if it secedes from spain legally . 
  this was fine for scotland , as the referendum was held with the cooperation of the uk government , so it would 've been legal . 
  catalonia 's situation would mean breaking the spanish constitution . 
  the referendum will be held in october , assuming spain does n't stop it happening . 
  they will declare independence within 48 hours of the result , not 48 hours of right now . 
  and if scotland is anything to go by , following a no vote the new election will elect the same secessionist parties who will then proceed to disregard the previous result the moment a convenient excuse presents itself . 
  i do agree . 
  the uk is eurosceptic enough to vote leave so it 's foolish to believe there 's any serious chance of us joining a federal eu any time soon . 
  i know , but i personally would 've been up for it . 
  i 'd be up for that but unfortunately we held a vote recently and most indicated a preference for taking a different course of action .
