  this used to be the left 's playbook , but they 've since regressed into seeking to attract support by labeling their detractors with all manner of nasty descriptors . 
  it almost comes across as an effort to * guilt * people into agreeing with them : `` if you do n't you 're a racist '' . 
  the immigration debate is a great showcase for this . 
  factually there 's plenty evidence to show that immigration is a net tax benefit to the uk , factually there 's a strong body of work showing that the `` lump of labour '' concept is a fallacy . 
  the right 's message , the message that won , is that immigrants are taking jobs and burdening local services . 
  the left 's message , the message that lost , is that you 're a horrible xenophobe if you disagree with immigration . 
  ukip won because their opponents did n't smash their arguments , they called them names instead . 
  you 'll find anglophobes among the snp membership as well , but that does n't make the snp an anglophobic party . 
  you 're part of the problem . 
  dismissing right wing viewpoints as driven by irrational fear , trickery and selfishness is condescending . 
  you 'd probably have more success if you stopped treating these people as idiots who need correcting and start treating them as people with a legitimately different political viewpoint . 
  it 's the height of arrogance to believe the only political viewpoint a rational person can reach is the one you personally have reached . 
  it 's that arrogance that feeds the revival : people are getting very tired of having their concerns - concerns they believe to be legitimate - dismissed out of hand . 
  i say this as a centrist , by the way . 
  i 've never voted tory or ukip . 
  she did ask them to remove the pictures so i do n't see anything wrong here . 
  she has the same rights as everyone else : being her parent does not allow you to violate those rights . 
  if she wants photos of herself off the internet , they should come off . 
  on a more personal note how tasteless and cringeworthy do you have to be to have * five hundred * baby photos on facebook , including photos of the kid on the toilet ? 
  i 'm sure they have their reasons but it seems questionable to me that you 're willing to temporarily return to the country you fled out of fearing for your life while still claiming you 're unsafe there and must therefore be a refugee in another country . 
  are you * really * a refugee from that country if you 're quite willing to go back there temporarily ? 
  `` scottish exit '' i assume , being that brexit is `` british exit '' . 
  the point was that these expats pay into their local communities while costing nothing as their healthcare costs are charged back to the nhs , so it makes no financial sense to remove them . 
  that said , if the uk leaves the eu i 'm not sure the system of charging back to the nhs will continue , as i believe that 's an eu mechanism . 
  as such , the financial argument may become less compelling or fail completely if the healthcare costs outweigh the british-sourced pensions being spent locally . 
  in all fairness the nordic countries and the netherlands have such a high level of english language knowledge that the entire nations can be counted as dual-language . 
  [ sweden , denmark and the netherlands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_language_in_europe#/media/file:english_as_a_foreign_and_second_language_in_the_eu_and_turkey,_2005.jpg ) are all near the 90 % english speakers mark . 
  you 're just as susceptible to their exports as we are as a result , i 'd agree . 
  i 'd have expected better than tabloid sensationalism from the guardian but they have become markedly more clickbaity and outrage peddaling these past years . 
  i 'm not trying to argue us deaths are smaller than elsewhere , i 'm trying to argue that using completely different bases makes it impossible to understand them in proportion . 
  i do n't know * how much worse * they are . 
  24 days is 0.2 % of 24 years , what sort of shit comparison is that ? 
  lack of a language barrier means we get far more us cultural exports than many other countries do . 
  there are cases where idiots forget that the us and uk are different countries : they see blm in us media and think that because they 're hearing about it they need to do it here , too , because conditions must surely be the same . 
  i mean technically a small elite * is * able to fly from london city ... but so can everyone else , too . 
  some people ca n't be happy unless they think they 're campaigning for some grand cause , even going so far as to outright fabricate one because they ca n't find one they like enough . 
  they desperately want to fight racism so they 'll invent some racism to fight against : this particular group have decided that * climate change * is racist . 
  there 's a showcase in how to butcher statistics . 
  not one share a common base . 
  is it so hard to quote deaths per 100,000 population ? 
  it does and polls show that . 
  support for independence rose in the immediate aftermath of the brexit vote and then fell back to where they were before . 
  people got angry then calmed down . 
  presumably jews are n't seen as dangerous and their culture is n't seen as incompatible with czech culture . 
  i think of it as more like new york and new jersey except they 're two cities from the same country and culture . 
  the integration of tallinn and helsinki along similar lines would create something almost like one city ruling two countries . 
  linking two capital cities together so closely will create a fairly unique global situation , though , especially if such a convenient link begins to necessitate the two cities cooperating more closely on things like housing , transport , policing , employment , so on . 
  how closely linked can the capital cities of two sovereign nations be without the lines of sovereignty blurring ? 
  that would represent a pretty unique social experiment , too , so closely twinning the capital cities of two sovereign states . 
  deport him , ban him from ever returning . 
  or into prison and throw away the key . 
  the winter war was over before the ussr became involved in the second world war against germany . 
  things like logistics and front width are important to consider : the ussr very much were throwing all the might they could apply to finland against it . 
   but there 's absolutely no scenario where russia concentrates their entire military might on just finland . 
  [ cough cough ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_war ) that said , finland did pretty damn awesome regardless . 
  let 's put a new [ antipope ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antipope ) in avignon !, 
  you guys do n't have a lot of luck when it comes to liberators , do you ? 
  audi is german . 
  looks like you need * liberated * again !, 
  well they did technically liberate the cities from the reich . 
  they just then immediately began oppressing them themselves right after !, 
  we 'll need to wait for more . 
  a few polls in june showed a shift from the normal no in high forties and yes in mid/low forties to the other way around , with yes in high forties and no in low/mid forties . 
  these three were all taken in the days following the brexit vote . 
  this one is taken a month later and interestingly shows * both * yes and no losing support , with a beefed up do n't know in the mid-teens . 
  thus it 's either : - an outlier , which more polls will show to be the case or not . 
  - the post-vote shock having worn off and people returning to their previous opinions now that the anger has subsided . 
  well i 'd welcome research that shows we picked the wrong mode of transportation . 
  i do n't know of any influential work done that calls for us to drastically scale back car use and road construction in favour of large expansions to the rail network . 
  would would they compensate for the many things that are n't near any current or historical railway routes ? 
  capitalism would suggest otherwise : it is far cheaper to build roads to everywhere than railway tracks to everywhere and far cheaper to move people from where they want to be to where they want to go using cars than trains . 
  how costly would giving everyone a train be ? 
  or ensuring there 's enough trains going to enough places to make it more economic to rely wholly on the trains than wholly on a car ? 
  to site every workplace , housing development and industry along a railway line versus next to a road ? 
  if running railway lines everywhere were cheaper , some bunch of companies would be rich off it by now . 
  the drastic reduction of rail network and flatlined usage happening in parallel to the drastic increase of road network and usage . 
  [ here 's a graph ] ( http://www.railway-technical.com/all-traffic-uk-2010.jpg ) that helps illustrate this . 
  people vastly prefer transport by road over transport by rail . 
  yet still far more economic . 
  not in this parliament , at least not per the manifestos . 
  the snp 's tax plan for 2016-2021 is to maintain the same levels as the uk on all things except the 40p band , where the snp 's tax cut for them is smaller than the conservatives ' one . 
  you are mistaken . 
  the entire point of the new devolved powers is to devolve the decision making . 
  scotland can now elect to cut taxes to less than the uk level and thus have less money or raise them and have more money . 
  extra money raised is kept in scotland and can be spent by the scottish government . 
  out of context it looks awful but people should really look at a road map over the same period and a chart of vehicle ownership as well . 
  railways declined because they were replaced by something better : road transport . 
  why would n't it ? 
  raise taxes for more money and you need to cut less spending to get to the same place . 
  you can reduce the deficit two ways : spend less money or get more money to spend . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable either , i was only pointing out that it 's misleading to claim sturgeon ca n't do anything about it . 
  she can , but has chosen not to : putting an end to austerity is not the priority her rhetoric would suggest it is . 
  that 's misleading . 
  scotland * can not currently * alter tax bands , but will be given that power in april 2017 . 
  the snp have already laid out their tax plans and they are almost the same as the uk 's , with the only difference being that people on the 40p rate get a smaller tax cut than those in ruk , but they 're still getting a tax cut . 
  with those powers they also can set a 0 % band of income tax , effectively changing the level at which you start paying tax , but have chosen not to do that either . 
  so yes , she is blaming the tories for austerity and yes , she has already pledged to opt out of using taxation powers she will soon have to make changes . 
  i do n't think she stokes anti-englishness though . 
  she stokes anti-westminster for sure , but not anti-english . 
  he can have my place .
