  i 'd always assumed there was a `` dump greece '' plan : it 's common sense to be prepared for a grexit under these conditions . 
  i expect there 's a brexit plan as well , and if there is n't there should be one , because although i regard the possibility as remote , there * is * talk in british politics of a brexit referendum . 
  it pays to be prepared . 
  we 've got * hills * !, 
  as i recall the americans resorted to the same tactics on vietnamese hillbillies and lost !, 
  parisian frenchmen are arrogant , countryside frenchmen are ridiculously nice . 
  i got lost in the french countryside once ( was given bad train times ) , stuck in a tiny village that had like 1 train a day through it . 
  going to ask the guy at the train station for help working out what to do , he said he got off work in an hour and was driving in the general direction i was looking to go , he 'd drop me off . 
  absolute opposite of the stereotype frenchmen you hear of . 
  france . 
  yes . 
  glorious frenchmen and jovial irishmen . 
  sounds like they lost a large substation supplying a portion of the city and have n't quite worked out why both the transformers were tripped off yet . 
  individual substations of that size generally ( in the uk at least but it sounds consistent with what happened here ... ) have 2 transformers , each taking half the load , so that losing one wo n't lose the substation . 
  the scottish independence referendum should have shown everyone that people are very capable of ignoring the economic argument overwhelmingly favouring one side . 
  near enough every big name in economics cautioned against scottish independence but you still had no shortage of people who would defend the snp 's white paper model . 
  and said bus services are even less reliable than the rail network that 's so unreliable it needs bus services to cover for it !, 
  it 's standard nationalism . 
  you 'll see it in russia ( west out to get them ) , china ( america out to get them ) , india ( everyone , but particularly pakistan , out to get them ) , in the west as well , for example scotland ( uk out to get them ) ... 
  creating an `` us vs them '' attitude among your population is a necessary part of nationalism . 
  the faults in your country are because of the interference of foreign actors . 
  everything wrong in your country is because of foreign interference . 
  if only those foreign agendas were n't holding us back , we 'd be a great and glorious country ... 
  it 's not unique to turkey . 
  to both agree and disagree with / u/zetzet it 's entirely reasonable and expected that new technologies start out their lives as expensive and in need of optimisation . 
  by building turbines we 're learning lessons and refining the design , manufacturing and deployment processes , driving costs down with every successive generation . 
  hush now , the reddit consensus is that the world could be powered by wind and sunshine tomorrow morning if only vested fossil fuel interests could be overcome . 
  you clearly have no idea just how ridiculous and extremist uk student politics are . 
  frankly i 'd be surprised if they * did n't * elect some fringe lunatic . 
  you 're only in student politics in the uk if you 're some far fringe extremist with very questionable views , because it 's the only place you get any power since the overwhelming majority of students do n't vote in student union elections : the extremists can therefore get elected by voting for each other . 
  a good thing . 
  if they ca n't accept swiss culture they should n't be granted citizenship . 
  we got over it by having a shit second lord protector of the commonwealth resulting in everyone deciding the civil war was a bad idea in the first place and inviting the king back as if nothing ever happened . 
  a very british way to settle things , really . 
  it 's a very common joke and comes in many variants , a common one being '' [ navy of choice ] has commissioned their new warships with glass bottoms so the current sailors can get a good look at their old navy . '', 
  ( though i have n't personally downvoted hohenes comment , i reckon that 's why it may have been downvoted . 
  it 's currently on +2 at the time of my posting . ), 
  an example to follow . 
  we had an imam in glasgow , in charge of one of the large mosques in the city , say that the guy that murdered the lawyer in pakistan was a martyr for islam . 
  people like that should be deported and banned from ever returning . 
  damn it !, 
  no one ^ mention ^ the ^ war ... 
  that 's the point i 've been trying to make . 
  the far right are finding this stuff to be very good campaigning material and european electorates are listening to them in greater numbers . 
  i do n't understand why he thinks a far right government would `` play nice '' with muslim populations considering they constantly campaign on how much of a menace islam is . 
  germany 's efforts did not fail , they were stopped by outside forces . 
  east germany 's efforts did not fail on their own , they failed because the entire socialist system collapsed . 
  i do n't know how you think the population exchanges post-war `` failed '' at all . 
  i do n't know how you think the highland clearances failed at all . 
  i 'm sad that you 've decided i 'm a troll despite my being sincere in every response . 
  i think you 're just unwilling to contemplate that europe might go back to the way it was before the cold war . 
  we used to be a very racist group of people : multiculturalism is a very modern concept . 
  you seem to believe that simply because they live in europe they 're somehow safe from far right regimes . 
  i think that 's naive . 
  if national front got elected in france because the population had become very islamophobic , do you think the new fn government would just ... do nothing ? 
  take france , for example . 
  [ multiple millions ] ( http://www.insee.fr/fr/themes/tableau.asp?reg_id=0&amp;ref_id=etrangersnat ) of various african citizens live in france , so right away there 's an avenue any openly anti-muslim government could explore : deport them back to their place of origin by revoking whatever documents they have to live in france if they think they might be sympathetic at all to extremism . 
  good god they could do it easily . 
  world history is full to the brim with forced population movements/expulsions , ghettos , concentration camps , military crackdowns and surveillance states . 
  look to germany in the second world war . 
  look to the stasi of east germany . 
  look to the population movements in 1945 . 
  look to the highland clearances . 
  if you do n't particularly care about making sure everyone gets fair and equal treatment , solving problems becomes * a whole lot easier * . 
  the west does n't like that because innocents will also suffer . 
  i think if the current state of affairs keeps up and far right parties are brought to power , the actual distinction between innocent muslim and guilty muslim will become rather blurred in the eyes of the state . 
  it already ** is ** becoming blurred in the eyes of many in the population . 
  again i really do n't think riots are going to amount to a thing if the riot police are being allowed to use whatever force they deem appropriate to contain it . 
  terror and civil unrest are very easy to stamp out on your own soil ... as long as you 're not terribly concerned with making sure every person arrested is done so on concrete evidence and gets treated fairly and that their various human rights to a family life and stuff like that are stringently and diligently upheld . 
  as this continues , without getting any better or the current powers that be doing anything major about it , i think more and more people are going to be willing to see some good muslims deported or jailed as long as most of the bad ones are caught in the net as well . 
  i also really do n't think people will care for the finer points of whether we 're morally just as bad as they are as long as bombs stop going off . 
  morality 's a wonderful thing when you 're not afraid of city centres in your own country . 
  i do n't believe you 're thinking radically enough . 
  if city centres keep being shot up or suicide bombed do you think it impossible that people * wo n't * eventually agree to things like mass arrests or blanket deportations ? 
  humans can be * far * more intolerant and cruel than they currently are in these relatively prosperous and enlightened times . 
  i do n't think muslims will bend over and take it , but i think the apparatus of the state used without concern for political correctness or respecting individual rights can very easily overcome whatever resistance they might put up . 
  european islam has a finite , and closing , window to fix the extremist problem inside their flock . 
  continued incidents like this will result in parties like national front getting elected and if that happens europe 's muslim populations are probably going to find out in a very unpleasant way how heavy the boot of the state can be . 
  our moderate political leaders are routinely failing to grasp the extent of the problem . 
  they seem more interested in nodding eagerly to the `` not all muslims '' chorus . 
  it worries me , because their failures will result in the far right returning to power in europe . 
  it 's something i 'd rather the electorate of europe was n't forced to do . 
  it was the far right i was really meaning to refer to : national front and the like , who have become mainstream parties over the past decade or so . 
  it is for this reason that right wing parties are growing in europe again . 
  the left-leaning political class that has run western europe since the end of the second world war are both unprepared for this and in denial about it , leaving only the right wing to address it . 
  i wonder what sort of right wing we 'll have in europe when they reach critical mass and start winning elections . 
  there 's simply been too many incidents now for me to have any faith that the current crop of politicians will * ever * properly address the problem . 
  i think proper right wing governments will start happening as a result of this continued inaction . 
  germany elected to take those million refugees willingly . 
  the us did n't force them onto you . 
  that 's 100 % merkel 's doing . 
  `` eastern europe does n't want large scale muslim immigration due to western europe 's experience of it . '', 
  `` why do eastern europeans go to western europe then ?! '', 
  i can spot the error in logic there . 
  i believe the ring should rightfully reside in france but the legal request seems entirely reasonable : they * were * told an export licence would be required to take the ring from the country . 
  they should get that licence , though . 
  yes . 
  we demand watermelons in your prostitute supermarkets !, 
  frankly ukraine is n't in nato and so no , i 'm not prepared to go to war for them . 
  you 'd have to site essentially the equivalent of the entire us generating fleet in every single one of those regions to ensure security of supply to operate like that .
