  otherwise how can you guarantee you 'll have enough supply to meet demand ? 
  it 's not a problem for denmark because they have access to non-renewable generating sources from a whole raft of places and fuel types and their peak demand is tiny anyway . 
  we lack the technology to go 100 % renewable at this time . 
  or , more accurately , we lack the technology in an affordable and widely deployed form to go 100 % renewable at this time : storage exists ( albeit expensive ) , you could build enough wind turbines and solar panels if you really wanted to , you could install demand management in every building if you really wanted to , you could drill down for geothermal in every suitable location if you really wanted to . 
  money is n't unlimited , though . 
  that line of argument is not lazy , it is realistic . 
  pretending these constraints do n't exist is idealistic and represents the world we might have in a few decades , but absolutely not the world we have right now . 
  most european power networks are struggling to cope with the changes that even a modest amount of renewable energy has introduced by way of things like power flows and exporting versus importing regions . 
  following denmark 's example will need a long time and a lot of money . 
  it will happen slowly , as i 've said i believe the power network we end up with by 2030 or 2040 or 2050 , whenever you want to set your future `` significant date '' , will more closely resemble denmark 's over traditional set ups , but it 's not a quick process . 
  there 's hundreds of billions of euros worth of network in europe , all designed and built under a set of assumptions that are becoming obsolete . 
  it 's a gargantuan task , but one that must happen . 
  even denmark has a lot of work to do . 
  two important differences between denmark and the us is their relative size and their geographic position . 
  denmark is a small country that is thoroughly interconnected with much larger neighbours and to continental europe as a whole . 
  their own energy policy can afford to be very green and renewable because they 've got everything from french nuclear power to norwegian hydro to plug gaps when they occur , and they of course do occur . 
  a small nation sharing landmass with several very large ones affords them a protection the us can not have : danish power needs are a drop in the ocean in european terms , they 're easily accommodated . 
  us power needs are the bulk of north american demand and their neighbours in canada and mexico could offer only limited assistance if a need arose . 
  as such the us has important security of supply constraints that denmark does not . 
  another is energy cost : the article already highlights that the danes pay the highest price for energy in europe . 
  some might rush to say that yes , but those are largely taxes that could be cut but it 's not that straightforward . 
  those taxes are used to prop the system up by making fossil generators subsidise renewable ones , a strategy used in many countries ( including my own , uk ) in an effort to direct investment towards renewables and make them more competitive as a result . 
  you 're going to have to convince the us citizenry that living in a high tax big government society is desirable , which is very much an uphill battle . 
  now do n't get me wrong i think denmark is a commendable trailblazer and a lot of what they do is both interesting and innovative . 
  i think as smart grids and storage solutions become better understood and more widely rolled out we 're going to see something far closer to the danish model than to the current `` traditional '' model , but pretending the us can easily copy denmark 's model in a short space of time is a fantasy : they 've got very important differences that makes following denmark 's model impractical at this time . 
  western europeans have an odd idea of what counts as right vs far right . 
  it 's something you see quite a lot from people with german , dutch , belgian , french and such flags . 
  anything nationalist to them is automatically `` far '' right . 
  i , too , support the creation of a united states of europe . 
  if even the uk and france are regarded as free riders , does america have * any * allies who they believe pull their weight ? 
  merkel screwed greece . 
  then hows about you stop taking drastic unilateral actions then try to bully other eu nations into bailing you out ? 
  unilaterally suspending the dublin regulations and laying out the welcome mat for all comers , then attempting to bully others into accepting migrants off of them after over a million showed up , and then threatening greece for failing to fix a problem that the greeks did n't cause while the germans both did and are n't doing a whole lot to fix it , and what they have done to fix it largely amounts to giving * turkey * money to do something they 've largely not done . 
  if germany wants to unilaterally suspend dublin then i have a problem with that , but not a huge one : germany can take migrants if germany wants migrants . 
  if germany expects everyone else to bail them out through bullying i have a * massive * problem with that . 
  plenty countries , like the v4 and the uk , have been very vocal about their opposition to taking large numbers of refugees * from the start * but germany did n't care . 
  i 'm pro-eu to the point that i 'd actually vote * for * the eu superstate that cameron says the uk wants no part in and i fully agree that germany 's actions during this migrant crisis in particular ( and some of their actions towards the greeks with regards to debt ) has really made me feel that merkel believes the eu will just dance to the german tune when told to do so . 
  i know they 're not the same , i was answering the question `` do you really believe that russia will invade any eastern european country in the next 10 years '' and my answer was `` no , not if they 're eu or nato '' . 
  eastern european as in european union , or any country in eastern europe ? 
  ukraine would arguably count by the latter definition . 
  by the former no , i personally doubt russia will invade any eu or nato member state . 
  this current migrant crisis may see the entire system of asylum seeking radically altered . 
  if the eu governments keep this up then right wing parties will enter power and start mass deportations . 
  water continuing to be wet would count as a reason for the snp to demand independence . 
  this is true , indeed . 
  not even that , it would have to be `` it happened on land that 's now polish so we should retroactively attribute it to poland '' . 
  i see better english on average here than on my own facebook feed . 
  but upper silesia was not part of the general government . 
  it was considered part of germany proper . 
  i 've read that the territory the camp sat on was considered part of the reich itself , not part of the general government . 
  is that not so ? 
  and between 1939-45 it was part of gau of upper silesia , annexed to the third reich . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/o%c5%9bwi%c4%99cim#world_war_ii_and_post-war )  in october 1939 , nazi germany immediately annexed the area to germany in the gau of upper silesia it was not administered by the central government , it was instead considered part of germany itself . 
  auschwitz was constructed in and operated in the third reich 's province of upper silesia , was it not ? 
  it was n't even on territory administered by the general government . 
  calling it a polish camp is factually wrong : the land was part of germany proper at the time . 
  putting people in prison for it is outrageously heavy handed , though . 
  this worries me . 
  the last time germany felt it was `` stabbed in the back '' things did n't turn out for the best . 
  in seriousness though , the french are n't wrong . 
  germany 's approach to this has been one of unilateralism followed by an attempt to bully neighbours into going along with it . 
  if it were an intentional pro-trident piece they 'd have picked more hawkish participants . 
  adopt australia 's method of processing asylum seekers somewhere else . 
  fly every single one back to the camps in turkey and lebanon . 
  make it known you request asylum there and not by trekking across the balkans . 
  `` refugees welcome ! '', 
  `` oh shit , there 's a million of them . '', 
  `` more border protection ! '', 
  has to be france for the uk . 
  if i go down to `` scotland '' level then it would be england . 
  there 's a marked difference between the chavs who go on holiday to get drunk somewhere sunny ( the rest of the year they 're doing * the exact same thing * in uk city centres , just maybe not shirtless as often ) and normal people who do n't . 
  bobzer is right : you see that lot because they 're loud and obnoxious . 
  you do n't see the families at the seaside resorts because they tend to not be making a complete arse of themselves in public . 
  chavs are a blight on all society , but we ca n't ban them from going on holidays even if the outcome is largely guaranteed . 
  ca n't risk their readers expressing their actual opinions on those things !, 
  minijobs are jobs that pay less than 450 euros a month . 
  midijobs are jobs that pay between 450 and 850 euros a month . 
  minijobs are useful in germany because employers do n't need to cover insurance , social or healthcare costs ( the state does that ) and the employees get the wages tax free . 
  they 're criticised in some circles because they 're seen as a trap : you 're not likely to turn a minijob into a full job . 
  you end up forever doing the minijob . 
  i do n't quite know the legislation for midijobs . 
  if i were a german girl in a place where they were settling migrants i 'd absolutely be carrying the strongest pepper spray i could get my hands on . 
  zero hour contracts work well for people in that situation : part-time workers like students who appreciate the flexibility that contracts with no mandatory minimum working hours affords . 
  the problem in the uk is that a not-insignificant number of people are finding their only source of employment is such contracts . 
  what works well for students who might want to work less or more each week depending on their study schedule does not work well for a worker who 's trying to keep a house or feed kids . 
  zero hour contracts are a useful tool in certain circumstances but leave people who want to work full time in a fairly uncertain position about their monthly wage . 
  the argument is that people generally should be entitled to a minimum amount of hours if they want steady employment . 
  the counter-argument is that companies ca n't always offer that and it 's better having no fixed minimum hours than no hours at all guaranteed . 
  the charge levelled is that some companies are exploiting the market conditions ( surplus of labour ) to force people onto these contracts for purely profit-driven motives : they could easily afford to maintain people on fixed hours but elect not to because individual workers are easily replaceable in the current financial climate . 
  his approval ratings are in the * hundreds of quintillions * ?!, 
  he must be amazing . 
  ( i do get what you mean , the wording could just be taken literally :p ), 
  germany has seriously neglected european solidarity by attempting to impose their own idea of immigration policy onto the rest of the eu . 
  the visegrad group and the uk are the only nations to really make a stand against it . 
  merkel played a large part in turning this into a catastrophe by guaranteeing every migrant that made it into germany would be registered and treated as a refugee . 
  ideas like david cameron 's proposal to register and take refugees only from the camps in lebanon and turkey were ignored . 
  now it 's somehow greece 's fault that they ca n't handle all the migrants that merkel encouraged to start the journey ? 
  if schengen fails because of this , the blame lies with merkel treating the eu like her personal fiefdom . 
  crawling back to what ? 
  britain has never been in the schengen zone .
