  scotland going independent would be an even more economically retarded move than the uk leaving the eu . 
  scotland currently has a 10 % budget deficit * with * the much-hated austerity in place . 
  the sheer scale of spending cuts and tax rises needed to bring that down to something sensible ( the eu 's own treaties call for 3 % ) would be staggering . 
  fuck staying here to be subjected to * that * . 
  yet the eu does ' t seem motivated to activate article 2 over that . 
  are you proposing they use article 2 on voting for prisoners as a means to force action on brexit ? 
  seems quite underhanded . 
  i 've been to south tyrol , to bruneck/brunico . 
  lovely mountains and castles . 
  i can offer no insight into the inner workings of the tory party , sorry . 
  might well be this whole `` set it up to fail '' idea if you subscribe to that line of thought , or perhaps may knows him and has made a judgement call on his experience and capability to fulfil that particular job role . 
  which value of article 2 is the uk in breach of ? 
  you ca n't consider this as a person thing . 
  the uk government is stuck implementing a policy they do n't want to implement , but ca n't really get away with not implementing , and did n't plan to ever implement . 
  may 's government are sitting in their meetings thinking `` well ... now what ? '', 
  that 's why boris is the foreign secretary despite the hilarity : may 's told him `` you got us into this , so you can go and sit in front of the eu '' . 
  conspiracy theories abound , including : - may 's put boris in place knowing he 'll fail , so she can cancel brexit after boris flops hard . 
  the blame is put squarely on boris , who was a leave campaigner all along , and thus it 's remembered as a failure of the leave camp to follow through and not as a `` cancellation '' . 
  - may 's `` whole uk approach '' is designed to allow her to blame scotland for vetoing brexit . 
  - not triggering a50 in the near future is playing for time to kick the whole thing into the long grass indefinitely . 
  or , perhaps more sensibly , the uk got a leave vote it never expected and needs more time to put together a game plan because there currently is n't one . 
  if we 're going to leave the eu we need a plan and a team in place that currently does n't exist , because no one made any plans for a leave victory . 
  yeah but he 's saying it 's 150,000 more jobs than this time last year . 
  so it 's not just the usual summer increase , it 's a bigger summer increase than normal . 
  the article explains it 's probably because the exchange rate means the uk has become a more attractive tourist destination , so more seasonal staff are needed . 
  converting it into a pre-brexit number ( i took 1.43 usd/gbp since that 's what it was before it started climbing up in anticipation of a remain vote ) it 's at equivalent 15,687 , or 93 % of where it 's at now . 
  exchange rate is apparently 1.33 usd/gbp right now . 
  it 's been lower than that a couple of times early this year if you also normalise those periods to a 1.43 standard . 
  i do n't know why but if you look around 20 jan and 8-16 feb it was having a bad time too . 
  i do n't know what happened in early february though . 
  i imagine there 'll be more peaks and troughs to come once negotiations actually start , since markets will go up and down based on news and rumours about what sort of access the uk will get to the market , particularly the financial market . 
  where it finally settles will depend on the final deal we agree with the eu i suppose . 
  it 's way too early right now to conclude what brexit will do to markets . 
  negotiations have n't even started . 
  i 'm not an economist . 
  i 'm some random idiot giving his opinion on a message board like everyone else . 
  the first paragraph is repeating stuff that was said during our 2014 referendum , the second paragraph is just my opinion . 
  pegging needs you to have the currency you 're pegging to in enough volume to maintain the peg , though . 
  so if scotland pegs to the euro it has to buy enough euros that they can keep their peg . 
  that 'll be very expensive if the new currency is n't worth much . 
  scottish currency wo n't be worth the paper it 's printed on with a 10 % deficit and 90 % debt to gdp ratio . 
  launching a new currency under such circumstances leads to very low market confidence or interest , especially if it 's generally expected that you 're going to be forced into the euro once that deficit is brought down . 
  scots railed against tory austerity , which cut the deficit by 5 % ( and that factors in growth ) , but scotland would need to cut the deficit by more than 7 % ( recession would follow independence and there are additional costs to setting up a country that would temporarily increase the deficit ) . 
  taking his words at face value : he regards the victory in the referendum as job done . 
  he does n't want to be a politician , he has no interest in using this victory as a way to launch a wider political career . 
  he became a politician to get the uk out of the eu , and that 's now happening , so he 's stopped being a politician . 
  cynically : he wants history to remember him as the guy that won the referendum . 
  when the uk economy starts going to shit and the eu starts beating us bloody in the exit negotiations to send a message to other would-be quitters , it 'll be a different ukip leader making statements to the news , so it 'll be that ukip leader that everyone directs their hate at . 
  farage made sure he was there for the celebrations , and is making sure he 's far away from the spotlight when the difficult stuff appears . 
  except that , yes . 
  i meant only in terms of the uk 's eu membership status . 
  it 's an odd position because the referendum itself did n't count as activation of article 50 , so in strictly legal terms * nothing has changed at all * . 
  there 's the widely held expectation that the uk will activate article 50 in the near future , but it has n't yet and so there 's nothing to be done , or that can be done , right now . 
  for the eu to move first it would need to initiate a process ( if one even exists ) to * forcibly expel * the uk from the eu , as opposed to the uk acting to remove itself willingly . 
  the uk government is currently the conservatives , whose leader ( and the uk 's prime minister ) wanted to remain . 
  he 's refused to enact article 50 because he campaigned for remain , and so has elected to resign and let a new tory leader deal with the mess that , in his opinion , was n't of his making . 
  the `` face '' of the brexit campaign within senior tory ranks , boris johnson , did n't want leave to win . 
  he pretended he did , but he was doing that solely so the * actual * eurosceptics inside the tory party would like him , because he intended to try to claim the tory leadership in 2019 . 
  he wanted leave to lose , but wanted to be on the losing side so the losers liked him and would back him in future . 
  nigel farage has no real power anyway , but has resigned . 
  to him , his job is done : he got the country to vote leave , so he got what he wanted . 
  he 's not interested in the aftermath , he 's already won in his opinion . 
  jeremy corbyn was useless before this referendum and continues to be useless after it . 
  the campaign to oust him has failed because the party membership still support him and so if a contest for leadership were to be mounted he 'd probably win it again anyway . 
  labour will now be interesting to watch because corbyn commands no respect at all among the vast majority of labour mps : he 's the `` labour leader '' but none of his followers will follow him . 
  the uk is in a situation where the winning side no longer has any leaders , where the losing side is the one with all the power anyway , and where opinion polls are showing a swing to remain as many who voted for leave get cold feet after realising that all those experts they dismissed ( in an open display of anti-intellectual bigotry from some quarters ) were , actually , pretty bang on in their predictions of economic chaos . 
  to sum it up you 've got a result no one seriously wanted , `` championed '' by people who cut their losses and melted away as soon as the result was announced , with an electorate that is showing signs of believing they made the wrong choice . 
  you expect decisive action ? 
  the uk at the moment is the equivalent of someone with a fear of heights having talked themselves into skydiving and is now at the door of the plane looking down and remembering why they 're scared of heights in the first place . 
  * no one * with the power to enact article 50 actually wants to be the one to do it . 
  leave campaign prefers africa and asia , they even sent leaftlets to asian communities in the uk urging them to vote leave because if we get rid of all the romanians there 's more room for pakistanis . 
  they have this idea that the commonwealth is where our future lies , because being ruled by the british empire at one time in history apparently makes them more like us than our immediate neighbours . 
  i do n't know how it was in sweden but in the uk the minimum wage was introduced because unions were failing as an institution to maintain one themselves , so the government stepped in and mandated one instead . 
  i genuinely never thought i 'd live to see the day when the answer to `` which government is the most shambolic in europe ? '', 
  would be `` the british one . '', 
  we live in interesting times . 
  many voters , leave and remain , will have had poorly thought out , knee-jerk , or incorrect reasons for voting the way they did , i do n't contest that point at all . 
  all i was saying was the leave vote was n't comprised entirely of xenophobes . 
  i voted remain because i want the eu to be a country , which is a pretty simplistic stance to take considering how complex that process would be . 
  it 's no more intelligent or well thought out than someone who voted leave because they do n't want to be there when the eu takes the next step towards integration . 
  ths reasoning seems pretty solid to me , with only the last point being too generalising in nature . 
  it * was * nearly 50/50 and not everyone who voted leave will have done so out of xenophobia . 
  the only way the tories limp back into power after this is if corbyn stays the labour leader and even then i do n't think it 's a clear cut thing any more . 
  corbyn 's awful but the tories are now deathly unpopular among near half the country . 
  exactly what part of my statement is ridiculous because i do n't see anything in your post that contradicts mine . 
  from an official standpoint currently nothing has been said at all . 
  the uk has n't said it intends to leave yet either . 
  all we 'd need to do , officially , is just never say anything . 
  until article 50 is activated brexit is n't official : the referendum is n't legally binding . 
  unlikely that they 'll ignore it , perhaps , but a man can dream . 
  let 's just fucking cancel brexit . 
  it 's obvious now that it was a monumentally retarded idea . 
  pants : shat . 
  what makes you think i live in england ? 
  guess that tourism revenue is worth more than erdogan 's pride after all . 
  number 10 does have a plan . 
  it 's `` i 'm resigning in october and boris can deal with this fucking mess . '', 
  no we ca n't . 
  a unilateral referendum would n't be binding and there would n't be a pro-uk campaign . 
  it absolutely would not be respected .
