  it sounds like something he 'd be willing to hear out . 
   that could only be implemented union-wide , and that wo n't have much support . 
  it is the thing that he 's struggling to build support for . 
   i do not see how the uk can stay part of the eu . 
  maybe it is best , if these are the ` demands ' , that they just leave . 
  you literally just proposed how it would work in your reply to the first point . 
   then he 's better of leaving the eu and negotiating some deal , either become an eea member or an fta . 
  what cameron actually wants is a dissolution of the eu , but he wants everybody to dissolve it not just the uk . 
  many have suggested that to be a viable alternative and if the eu actually made that offer you might see support for `` leave '' going up . 
  presently there 's no guarantee that the uk can quit the eu * and * retain the single market , which probably is what cameron would most like . 
  -- of note is that i disagree with his negotiations . 
  i think the eu should become a federal state , with everything you mentioned in your first reply : a single currency , central bank , foreign policy , military , so on . 
  david cameron has 4 main areas he wants to negotiate in . 
  - recognition that the euro is not the only eu currency and safeguards against any future moves that would impose further financial integration on non-eurozone members . 
  - cutting economic regulations and extending the single market . 
  ( i do n't actually know the details of what he wants here , it 's generally listed as wanting `` red tape '' cut and wanting to enlarge the eu or at least the eu 's single market , as well as putting fresh emphasis on securing trade deals with other world economies ) - preventing eu migrants from receiving benefits for 4 years after they come to the uk . 
  this appears to be the main `` sticking point '' as it would open the door to other eu states discriminating in favour of their own citizens . 
  - an opt-out on `` ever closer union '' and a mechanism where groups of national parliaments can claw back powers if they wanted to . 
  it broadly reflects the uk 's unwillingness to treat the eu as a `` state under construction '' : he wants deals and agreements that will enable the uk to continue to treat the eu as a market and not a political union . 
  i very much enjoyed [ the guide ] ( http://www.lawcom.gov.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/legal_oddities.pdf ) that the government put up to help people sort through all the silly laws . 
  the guide is linked somewhere in the article . 
  `` welcome to new york . 
  the city gains its name from the city of york , located in new new york . '', 
  this is a good idea . 
  / u/stellapac is clearly an immortal who 's simply remembering his own trips ; the level of detail is highly suspicious . 
  well , it 's not , but that 's exactly what the op was asking for . 
  third runway at heathrow . 
  new nuclear power stations . 
  queensferry crossing ( though the critics of that are staying * veeeeeery quiet * now ... ) . 
  pretty much * any * large infrastructure project in the uk causes a lot of moaning from some corner or another . 
  the only thing i can think of for the uk is a wedding ring . 
  married women ( and men , not gender specific ) wear the ring while unmarried ones do n't . 
  you 've got a pretty weird idea of what nato does to people who leave nato . 
  effectively kicking the uk out of the world economy would start another global financial crisis : the uk economy is big enough and significantly globalised that a significant drop would have impacts around the world . 
  the uk would n't even be the first country to have ( effectively ) quit nato in the past . 
  none of that happened to france , did it ? 
  i like a bit of rammstein ( german ) and eluveitie ( gaulish ) , and there 's some of sabaton 's songs in swedish . 
  article from 2012 . 
  the [ 2014 capacity auction ] ( https://www.emrdeliverybody.com/capacity%20markets%20document%20library/t-4%202014%20final%20auction%20results%20report.pdf ) gave roughly half of these contracts to ccgt ( gas ) , 19 % to coal or biomass , 16 % to nuclear , 8.6 % to chp and autogeneration , 5.5 % to storage , 4.3 % to ocgt and reciprocating enginers ( diesel is in this category ) , 1.4 % to hydro and 0.4 % to dsr , by actual generating capacity . 
  the guardian says they 're bidding for 1.5 gw , with the total capacity auction looking for [ 45.4 gw in total ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/439232/150629_sos_ng_confirmation_of_capacity_auction_parameters.pdf ) , making them a very small part ( 3.3 % at most ) . 
  i 'd be happy to explain how the capacity market works and why renewables are n't there if anyone 's interested . 
  i do n't mean the us enjoys a veto , though i suppose it does , i mean that the days of europe playing global geopolitics ended at the suez crisis and that 's the way the united states likes it . 
  the us does n't * want * the europeans doing something like iraq or afghanistan or syria or libya on their own , because if you can run off and conduct major operations on your own you do n't need to ok your foreign policy with washington and you might do something that goes against american interests . 
  a franco-british operation with both militaries putting their backs into it could probably see somewhere around 5-10 ,000 troops deployed somewhere in africa or the middle east . 
  france put 5,000 across all-arms into mali and borrowed around 20 allied heavy lift aircraft to do it but made light use of their own while the uk offered only 2 . 
  the reason europe ca n't really send troops to do this stuff is because europe is divided . 
  there 's not one foreign policy and the foreign policies you have range from franco-british assertiveness to german-swedish pacifism to polish-baltic `` russia is the # 1 threat , all eyes look east '' . 
  france drew upon a range of support services from allies in mali because they could : hollande is n't trying to make a point of french military independence in mali , the eu is n't trying to make a point of european military independence in mali . 
  they had no reason to refuse the help offered . 
  i was simply explaining why there 's no `` leftovers '' in the old prussian areas , as / u/caffeinatedt expressed some interest in there being none . 
  the majority on reddit seem to be at least . 
  they fell ( just ) short of 50 % in the general election and polls for the holyrood election put them anywhere between 45 % and 55 % . 
  i suppose we 'll find out in may whether it 's officially the majority of all voters . 
   no one expects germany , or france , or the uk to come to the rescue . 
  to be fair , the uk does meet the 2 % target . 
   does n't matter because hardly anyone lives up to it anyway except for the us a few other allies . 
  that just reflects the fact that countries join nato because they want to be defended by the us , the us is quite happy to shoulder that because it gives them command of the free world anyway . 
  european countries barely pursue an independent foreign policy any more , with only france currently doing anything even semi-independently in mali . 
  you 're right about the attitude of the rest of nato : they 're willing to moan about the evils of us foreign policy on occasion but no one 's willing to call it quits and all are willing to use nato as an excuse to underfund their own militaries , because there 's nothing that can threaten europe sufficiently any more . 
  as i said , it 's not a dirty word , but you * did * demand sources from the first person . 
  i 've provided them , and am happy to see you generally agree that this is the truth . 
   they are cost saving where they can be bringing services that make sense to a central place . 
  not politicising them for the snp ( from what i can see ) `` make sense '' is not an absolute . 
  it depends on your political persuasion , and as i suspect you 're an snp voter you agree with the snp 's ideology of having a strong scottish state . 
  many others would disagree with that line of thinking . 
   and i have n't seen anything suggesting they want the eu to be a superstate that overrides national sovereignty . . that 's generally inferred from the snp supporting scotland 's membership and statements saying they would be a willing and cooperative member . 
  being a constructive member of a body whose charter says `` ever closer union '' rather implies you 'd have to support that idea , otherwise you 're just a smaller version of the uk : always seeking opt-outs . 
  centralised the emergency services , stripping councils of control over council tax by telling them any increase they implement will be met by a decrease in central government funding to match , overruling council planning decisions , putting conditions on funding packages for schools , reorganising colleges into regions , passing legislation about how universities appoint senior staff . 
  seriously , just google `` snp centralisation '' and you 'll get dozens of articles about it . 
  the snp are well known to be a very centralising party . 
  to them everything exists on a `` scotland '' level , meaning powers from above * and below * get pulled into holyrood whenever possible . 
  funding , for council tax or schools or nhs capital investment , all comes with conditions attached rather than decision making being allowed at a local level . 
  even decisions made at a local level , like planning permission , can be easily overruled if it is in line with snp policy ( eg , wind turbines ) . 
  you ca n't even deny the fire & rescue and police service have n't been centralised . 
  why snp voters treat `` centralisation '' as a dirty word and fervently deny what is plain to see i ca n't fathom . 
  the snp are centralisers , that 's a simple fact . 
  it 's not a crime or a dirty word . 
  the prussians were destroyed as a culture by the two world wars , mainly by territorial changes and forced population relocations . 
  the aristocratic elite that drove prussian policy and militarism were deliberately destroyed by the communists after the war . 
  [ you fell for that once before !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mulberry_harbour ), 
  you can see the growing reactionary pressures in france , even before the paris attacks . 
  national front is growing in popularity and in britain ukip gained 4 million votes , with opinion polls showing it is generally staying around that level of support . 
  the conservatives are trying to tread a fine line between being pro-eu for business and anti-eu for immigration , hence all the arguing around freedom of movement and benefits for immigrants forming the core of cameron 's eu negotiation controversy . 
  germans , by and large , welcomed these refugees into germany with open arms i think largely influenced by the thought process you 'd identified . 
  a decade of struggling to integrate them might result in more widespread support for ukip or fn-type organisations within germany . 
  it still entails destroying isis , though . 
  they 're currently running a feud with the turkish-backed non-isis islamists after the whole jet incident but russian troops and planes will be fighting isis as well as other anti-assad groups . 
  i think they 're keen to get cooperation going with france because it might undermine resolve to keep up eu sanctions against russia . 
  russia wants assad propped up and that involves defeating isis , alongside every other anti-assad group . 
  france recently announced it wanted plenty , putin has also said he 's willing to cooperate . 
  cue turkey shooting down a russian jet in an attempt to force a wedge into the issue because turkey does n't really want isis being crushed . 
  turkey 's not afraid of russia because turkey has already been told it can hide behind the united states on this one . 
  if the us had hung turkey out to dry , they 'd be fucked . 
  i do n't know how nato privately feel about this . 
  i imagine france is furious , because it 's pretty clear turkey is just trying to frustrate any cooperation with russia in syria and is also pretty clear they 're backing isis . 
  i 'm actually surprise at how disciplined nato has kept its members . 
  if i were hollande i 'd be publicly siding with russia over turkey on this one given the rhetoric about destroying isis and about `` grand coalitions '' with russia . 
  top bantz is an appropriate tag for this . 
  as they should .
