  ukraine did not . 
  belarus did not . 
  bulgaria , estonia , latvia , lithuania , czech republic , slovakia , slovenia , all of them reformed their markets and went west . 
  all prospered . 
  ukraine and belarus did not . 
  ukraine and poland were in similar positions when the wall fell , and now poland is significantly better off and was even before the civil war hit ukraine . 
  the two nations that never bothered `` interacting with meaningless western promises '' are ukraine and belarus , and they 're the poorest eastern european countries as a result . 
  the standard for laughably delusional far-left politics in the uk is the national union of students . 
  i 'm certain i 'm missing something here . 
  why is that all one word ? 
  everywhere should have a big social stigma against obesity . 
  they 're disgusting . 
  have you ever seen the stuff about hitler when he 's not talking about jews or the volk ? 
  evil is scariest when it is n't acting blatantly evil . 
  if you knew nothing about hiter and you saw this stuff you 'd think he was nothing but a charming , mild-mannered man . 
  watching that video you might actually rationalise homophobia through it because it does sound reasonable : they 're not screaming about the gays and the desecration of all that is holy . 
  really do n't care at all : who you 're attracted to is a complete non-issue . 
  what goes on between two consenting adults should n't be a political issue . 
  the modelling program showed it to be a very popular avenue , though you 're right competition was high and few made it . 
  feminism in western countries has nothing to do with women at large being discontent with their chances in the workforce . 
  modern western feminism is misandry disguised as what was once a righteous cause . 
  by your argument saudi arabian women have excellent prospects because you rarely hear about feminist movements from that part of the world ... 
  who keeps atlantis off the maps ? 
  who keeps the martians under wraps ? 
  youth unemployment is fairly high in western europe right now . 
  a greek default or recovery . 
  the eu emerging from the eurozone debt crisis in general . 
  i watched a documentary recently about russian models , not of the porn type but for catwalk shows and the like . 
  it was explained by former models during the show , however , that the way these things are run is that models are sent abroad to these places and they only come home with money if they actually generate enough of it : their payment is directly linked to the money they make for the agency . 
  a lot of them end up being pushed into being escorts or doing porn if they 're not making enough money doing the things they signed up for . 
  a lot of girls in eastern europe and russia have limited prospects ( the same is true in western europe , but western european girls tend to have a stronger sense of entitlement ) , for example in this russian documentary their model books were very heavily slanted towards siberian girls , whose opportunities in life are much more limited due to geographical isolation . 
  it was that reggie yates ' extreme russia on bbc3 for any brits reading this ( or others who have access to the bbc 's programming , here 's hoping that eu initiative to stop geolocking and such things goes through ! ) . 
  three-part series on far right political movements , homophobia , and the modelling agency , one episode each . 
  i reckon we could take them . 
  though in all seriousness you 're right . 
  she 's being both racist to white people by singling them out and racist to everyone else by lumping them all together . 
  pretty sure if a white person referred to everyone non-white as simply `` coloured '' she would be the first person throwing a tantrum about racism . 
  until the industrial revolution was the arab world not a good deal more advanced than we were in terms of science and medicine ? 
  besides , by his logic , when we became democratic we 'd surely falter and fail . 
  britain was a democratic country ( albeit with a limited franchise ) when the industrial revolution came , and britain came to control the largest empire in history , growing it constantly up until the second world war . 
  expansion of the franchise in britain and france did not translate into a weakening of their power , in fact their power on the world stage only increased . 
  are we expecting a nuclear war in europe in the near future or something ? 
  he 's obviously forgotten that western europe and north america are the best developed places on the planet and are all ... democratic . 
  i sincerely doubt a morse code signal claiming you 're gay if you go a certain way is going to inhibit military operations . 
  can you imagine it in wartime ? 
  `` hundred days offensive postponed indefinitely after german trenches post signs stating all inhabitants to be homosexual . 
  entente forces unwilling to be labelled homosexual , refuse to assault trenches . '', 
  of a `` reformed '' eu with a list of demands that basically remove most of what the eu is except the free market . 
  i think he supports it as it is right now but he ca n't say it . 
  david cameron is surely pro-european , you can tell he 's just unable to say it because there 's a not-insignificant group of his mps that are very anti-eu and he ca n't afford a rebellion among his ranks . 
  in this eu referendum i expect he 'll be fairly quiet . 
  check out / r/scotland if you think the uk sub is salty . 
  it used to be an old wisdom in scotland that you could field a literal pile of shit as a candidate and it would win if it had a labour ribbon tacked onto it . 
  that now applies to the snp instead . 
  most of the country wants pr or stv , but the two major parties are largely unwilling to implement it because they 'd stand to lose out . 
  cameron won a propaganda victory by forcing the voting reform referendum to be on the av system , which is a stupid system that no one supported anyway . 
  liberal democrats here , live in lanark . 
  alas my friend , you 're in / r/europe . 
  the pesky continentals do n't adhere to our mannerisms !, 
  i doubt we 'll see anything more than some minor annoyance among berliners at this move . 
  they 've got cards , they 've got bank branches : no one will be without money . 
  i think you 're over estimating the longevity of this inconvenience . 
  would you go bankrupt if forced to rely on only your card until you could go to an actual bank branch ? 
  does berlin not have any sort of integrated transport scheme like london , paris or barcelona ? 
  the only thing i can think of where only cash would be taken would be on a bus , for example . 
  half get pissed because they think it 's true , half get pissed because it is n't yet true . 
  this is `` piss off / r/europe '' not `` find common ground in / r/europe '' . 
  i welcome these moves . 
  e-commerce is already huge and is only getting bigger . 
  in an age where debit and credit cards are carried by everyone i really do n't see how this would cause anything beyond minor inconvenience . 
  ha , `` burgeoning '' obesity crisis . 
  who has a sense of humour . 
  it 's not difficult to eat healthy , it is n't even more expensive . 
  i gained enough weight a year or so ago that i was n't fitting into my clothes , so i changed my diet and joined a gym . 
  i only went to the gym enough to get my weight * back down * : i just eat healthy now and i do n't gain weight any more . 
  it 's not even like eating just fucking salads or anything . 
  i changed to sugar free juice , coke zero/pepsi max soda , bought sandwiches for lunch instead of fast food and cut back on takeout food . 
  i reckon i 've actually saved money eating this way . 
  i expect europe will care but i think the bbc are overstating it . 
  they 're making it sound like a defining issue that all europe are biting their nails in fear over . 
  i strongly doubt europe cares enough to `` hold its breath '' and i strongly doubt an eu referendum will result in a `` leave '' vote . 
  it 's basically a timeline of ww2 . 
  while true , you ca n't deny the wehrmacht 's back was broken in the east . 
  the ussr was enormously valuable in the fight against the axis despite being their enabler in the early years . 
  the alliance was a tripod . 
  no ussr - d-day would 've been impossible because the germans would have the manpower to garrison the atlantic wall properly . 
  no d-day means no liberation of europe . 
  the ussr took on the majority of the wehrmacht and it was in the east that the german war effort was broken . 
  no usa - their industrial might kept the ussr and uk supplied with war material , and their armies were instrumental in the liberation of europe . 
  no uk - the uk maintained multiple theaters independently for some time , preventing italo-german victories in north africa and holding the line in india . 
  british intelligence and innovations were vital to the war effort . 
  the soviet-british invasion of persia also opened another important supply line to the soviet union . 
  finally , no uk means no us involvement , as even if they wanted to help they 'd have no launch pad from which to do it . 
  who `` did more '' depends on what weight you assign to each effort . 
  in terms of kill count ? 
  industrial output ? 
  usa . 
  intelligence and strategic opportunity ? 
  you could go on forever listing various areas , and whoever comes out on top boils down to which areas you think are more important than others . 
  yes , because demanding re-runs of a very recent vote until you get what you want is the same as wanting a vote on something not voted on before .
