  i 'm indifferent to british history , good and bad . 
  i 'm proud that as a human race we 've come this far , and certainly would agree that our failings need careful examination and action to either avoid repeating them or stopping them . 
  i 'm in no way chest beating for britain while sweeping the unhappy bits under the rug . 
  i 'm not ashamed of any of them , british or otherwise . 
  i do n't know , it 's a difficult question . 
  to say i 'm proud strikes me as oddly nationalistic but to say i 'm not strikes me as refusing to endorse that the achievements benefited humanity . 
  i 'm proud that these achievements were achieved , not that they were achieved by british people specifically . 
  british . 
  we were taught some of it , but history in schools is n't heavy on it , you 'd need to go to uni for in depth study . 
  i 'm not ashamed or guilty , i had no part in it , but i do n't think it should be whitewashed or glorified : empires only work for the overlords , it 's not a fair system of government . 
  it 's history to be learned from . 
  the following figures are taken from gers ( the scottish government 's public finances publication ) and assume a geographical share of north sea oil revenue , and show the difference in budget balance ( excluding capital investment ) . 
  - 13-14 : deficit of # 9.6 bn ( 6.4 % ) vs uk deficit of # 71.5 bn ( 4.1 % ) - 12-13 : deficit of # 8.6 bn ( 5.9 % ) vs uk deficit of # 114.8 bn ( 7.3 % ) - 11-12 : deficit of # 3.4 bn ( 2.3 % ) vs uk deficit of # 92.3 bn ( 6 % ) - 10-11 : deficit of # 7.7 bn ( 5.3 % ) vs uk deficit of # 102.5 bn ( 6.9 % ) . 
  - 08-09 : 0.7 % surplus vs 3.6 % deficit . 
  publications past that do n't draw comparisons because it was a labour government who were n't interested in a point-scoring exercise . 
  [ this report ] ( http://www.ifs.org.uk/bns/bn135.pdf ) however does mention that historically scotland 's spending-to-gdp ratio was usually around 3 % higher than the uk 's as a whole during the 80s-2000s . 
  at a guaranteed $ 100/barrel scotland would 've been running a deficit of several percentage points ( ~ 3-5 % thereabouts ) under the regime existing pre-independence ( eg , the coalition 's austerity ) . 
  that also assumes a quickly-launched and stable currency that international markets respect as much as sterling , which is unreasonably optimistic . 
  to do what the yes campaign wanted to do , taxes would have went up , because spending would n't have gone down . 
  they 'd point to norway , where citizens pay more tax than we do here . 
  scotland 's never ( until this year ) been significantly worse off than the uk as a whole for the past thirty-odd years , that i can see . 
  the problem was the snp painted scotland as significantly more prosperous ( a lie ) and in a position to quickly build a scandinavia-style social welfare system without tax rises ( also a lie ) . 
  a new currency would 've been weak , the economy would have taken a significant hit as businesses and people moved out and the costs of setting up a new state would 've added significantly to the national debt . 
  scotland might have turned out well in the future , but the first decade or two would not be financially pretty , especially now that we know what happened with the oil price . 
  we 'd have been ruined . 
  how does the uk sucking that much us dick matter if he 's being extradited to * sweden * anyway ? 
  the uk government ca n't hand over assange to two different countries , he 's only one person . 
  you have a very warped view on how the west perceives stalin and communism as a whole . 
  [ 65,000 people ] ( https://you.38degrees.org.uk/petitions/independent-enquiry-for-scottish-referendum-vote-count ) signed a petition . 
  some people in scotland like to believe the independence vote was rigged . 
  he probably sees that event as a glorious struggle of the working man that should be taught as a good thing and encouraged further . 
  we must protect our mechanised , pesticide-protected natural agriculture from encroachment from science . 
  `` i am accused of being a throwback to the 1980s so i 'll go back one decade further ... '' [ the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/aug/04/jeremy-corbyn-shrugs-off-coup-risk-in-labour-leadership-battle ) he made that statement during his appearance in leeds . 
  he likely does but they 're unlikely to be realistic . 
  he 's an old school socialist and his main concern is fighting the good fight against the rich . 
  he wants to hike taxes , nationalise industry and expand the welfare state massively , because he has this romantic view of the hardy british worker laid low by the evil lazy capitalists . 
  the uk takes the same stance on the falklands dispute : no negotiations unless the falklanders are represented as a third party . 
  argentina wo n't agree to that , which is why no talks actually happen . 
  the guy lives in a fantasy world where a romanticised rose-tinted version of the 1970s is a utopia that britain must return to immediately . 
  he 's actually publicly said he wants us back in the 70s . 
  he 's conveniently forgotten that during the 70s the uk was called `` the sick man of europe '' and it was n't until thatcher showed up and privatised everything that the british economy stopped failing . 
  gibraltar , obviously . 
  concerns and wishes of the locals and such things . 
  not on the scale of barcelona you do n't . 
  the city is great but having to watch your pockets constantly grates on me . 
  clearly not enough people from glasgow have seen this thread . 
  paris and barcelona : overrun with pickpockets , tacky street vendors , petty criminals and beggars . 
  every cultural landmark is swarming with them and it utterly ruins the city . 
  london : there 's just * so many people all the time * . 
  you 're crowded everywhere you go , all the time . 
  naples : the poster-child of southern italy : corrupt and forgotten about . 
  venice : the place is * so dirty * and covered in graffiti . 
  they also do n't seem to know what street lighting is , because at night you 're basically wandering around in the dark . 
  i think it 's a bit strange too but in all fairness for people whose only political `` hot topic '' is independence it 's snp or bust so i suppose some of them might go down the rabbit hole a bit and get defensive about it . 
  i just do what you do and vote for whatever party has the best sounding manifesto to me . 
  no , no i could not . 
  well played . 
  says the guy getting his panties in a twist about an obviously sarcastic post describing uk politics . 
  there was a poll a while back that showed a majority of snp supporters said that an insult to the snp is an insult to them personally : i guess you 're one of that humourless lot . 
  and getting into a fight over a particular seat , and demanding they be made the official opposition , and turning a 20-year-old into a faux-celebrity ( while at the same time decrying people who 've never done anything else except be an mp ) , and announcing they 'll vote on fox hunting because lol fuck the tories ... 
  uk : conservatives : rich people who like being rich , poor people should just * stop being poor * instead of claiming benefits . 
  labour : no one knows what labour is about . 
  not even labour knows what labour is about . 
  lib dems : centrist party , not too much of this not too much of that . 
  they generally want moderate taxation , moderate welfare spending , they like the eu , they like renewable energy . 
  again , we 're not really sure what they stand for except `` steady on , gents , let 's not get too out of hand '' . 
  greens : hippies . 
  abolish all energy that is n't renewable . 
  let all the immigrants in and give them money . 
  the military is bad and should be disbanded . 
  snp : scottish nationalists , want scotland to be independent . 
  spend most of their time in parliament staging publicity stunts because `` look at us we 're * soooo * anti-establishment ! '', 
  ukip : imagine a retired englishman who likes to get drunk down the pub and rant about black people ruining the country . 
  that sums up ukip . 
  nonsense . 
  sailors have reported hearing whispered quotes from mein kampf in the wind at nights . 
  no problem . 
  consider it as having `` safe search '' locked to `` on '' in the uk . 
  it 's pretty difficult to have porn sites show up in search results unless you literally google their name or specific porn terms . 
  the circlejerk that goes on up in scotland holds that when the english get drunk they fight and brawl , but when we get drunk we sing and dance . 
  search engines have to do some sort of filtering , the actual sites continue to exist . 
  all it really does is stop little kids ending up on porn sites through google . 
  adults who are n't openly stupid wo n't have any difficulty finding the sites . 
  it 's really simple . 
  there was n't a ukraine to invade : there was a civil war between multiple factions backed by different powers . 
  the soviet side won . 
  `` ukraine '' was n't a country that the soviet union invaded , it was a province of the russian empire that joined the successor state after the bolshevik side won the russian revolution . 
  one side claimed to be an independent ukraine for the duration . 
  they did n't win . 
  looks like that article very much does show the ukrainian ssr and the huge pro-soviet uprisings that took place . 
  which part of the article are you pointing to that shows a united ukrainian state existing that the soviets then invaded on their own ? 
  bearing in mind that soviet ukraine was actually a founding member of the soviet union ... 
  the `` ukraine '' they invaded was just as much a puppet state as the `` ukraine '' they were supporting . 
  it 's just that the pro-soviet puppet state eventually won over the central powers-backed , and then polish-backed state . 
  i do n't understand how it 's so difficult to grasp the concept of a civil war for you . 
  there was no ukraine , there were multiple groups on the territory that is now ukraine claiming to represent that territory fighting for control over it . 
  the group that won control was soviet ukraine , which then became the ussr . 
  the ussr never invaded ukraine , there was never a ukraine to invade : in the territory of the russian empire that you would call ukraine , the local people fought against each other and the winning group created the ussr alongside other soviet groups , in russia , byelorussia and transcausasia . 
  ... does your monarchist `` faction '' control portions of territory and a military , and is it engaged in armed conflict with the `` other '' government of the country for control of it ? 
  respond with something sensible .
