  the bodyguard . 
  very bad idea . 
  prohibition does n't work . 
  as locked as it is , the apple ecosystem is far more open than nokia used to be . 
  and i 'd argue apple 's `` closedness '' is making them lose market share to google . 
  a good lesson for people who think locking everything down is a great business model . 
   i am getting old  .  not really :-p, 
  or maybe he simply did n't know the expression ? 
  too little , too late . 
  no way that is true . 
  i ca n't imagine why you would want to buy one of these . 
  they happen all the time everywhere . 
  not news . 
  that 's exactly why we need ( smart ) regulation . 
  if you do n't want to be ridiculed , how about getting rid of your ridiculous belief system ? 
  because they 're stupid ? 
  officialy unemployed , right ? 
  edit : i do n't mean this in an insulting way . 
  i just want to say that things may not be exactly as bad as they seem . 
  they were n't content with starting wwi . 
  i agree this should not be decided at the eu level . 
  this negative impact is probably transitory . 
  at least it should be re-evaluated in a few years . 
  so the reason we want to keep women out of corporate board is because we want aggressive peoples as managers ? 
  i 'm sorry , i just do n't follow your logic . 
  what an idiotic idea votes for women is !, 
  countries will be much worse off because 50 % of the voters will suddenly have no voting experience at all . 
  think of the consequences !, 
  you may dismiss my analogy as stupid but i 'm pretty sure this argument was used at the time . 
   this specific law will lead to people quickly promoting women to board status regardless of how qualified they are for the job . 
  this will lead to companies being run worse and also reduced respect for women in important positions [ citation needed ] . 
  it could also lead to companies being run better due to including differing opinions in the boards of these companies . 
  in any case the law shoud be put in place very progressively to avoid what you describe . 
  there is no reason to enforce it overnight . 
  sometimes things like this are required to get a change . 
  yes , and then we can elect a president for europe who will initiate nice military adventures like the american ones in irak and afghanistan . 
  cool , but expensive . 
  what should we do with people who show absolutely no empathy like this guy ? 
  is there any chance at all we can `` cure '' them ? 
  does n't switzerland work because it has insane amounts of money ? 
  i 'm not sure the institutions are very strong . 
  in that case you can count me in :-d, 
  what kind of federation ? 
  i see why we need a fiscal union , but should society issues ( think gay marriage ) really be decided at the european level ? 
  [ cross-posted ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/zapmo/europe_whenever_you_are_ready/ ) to / r/videos . 
  let 's promote europe on reddit !, 
  you 're talking about ethnic diversity , not culture diversity . 
  most americans have american culture , even though there are cultural differences between the various ethnic groups . 
  i 'd argue the cultural differences between north african arabs and european christian whites are a lot larger than between whites and african americans , for example . 
  plus , even though the us is a success overall , you have significant problems accross ethnic groups . 
  nevertheless , it 's an interesting debate . 
  i think there is a continuum between multiculturalism and full assimilation . 
  assimilation does n't happen overnight , and if there is immigration , it 's a never ending process . 
  my opinion is that there probably is a right level of multiculturalism for a country , enough of it so that people are exposed to different people once in a while , but not too much to avoid most of the violence and racism . 
  assimilation does n't have to be violent . 
  there are tons of policies that can be put in place to make sure assimilation is encouraged . 
  with 10 % of male blacks in prison , i do n't think we can call us multiculturalism a success . 
  plus , a very large majority of americans come from a christian culture . 
  thus it 's not true multiculturalism . 
   what are the claimed benefits multiculturalism supposedly brings along ? 
  if it worked , it could usefully reduce nationalism ( ie . 
  the fealing that `` we '' are better than `` they '' ) . 
  but i agree with you , it does n't work well . 
  maybe focussing more on assimilation could make a high immigration society work , though . 
  i do n't think this is the correct subreddit for this post , sorry . 
  they could very well steal them without buying any planes . 
  this is a good deal for europe . 
  thanks , you saved me the time of taking the test :-d, 
  then why do european parties all score in the right ? 
  how many are enrolled in tertiary education and perform an erasmus-liked exchange ? 
  i know erasmus is a huge success , but i 'm pretty certain it still concerns only a tiny minority of the population . 
  do n't forget the language barrier . 
  not everybody speaks english , at least not well enough to have meaningful conversations . 
  true , but their opinion will not necessarily be the same as public opinion . 
  i think cultural differences are bound to decrease over time , but they will stay for a long while . 
  as you mention , france is not a great example because force was necessary to achieve unity . 
  i do n't think unity would have ever happened without it . 
  erasmus only concerns a minority of people who get a university education . 
   you already kinda did that when you joined the eu . 
  it does n't mean you have to support going all the way to full-blown federalism . 
  because corruption on a small scale is not comparable to the stuff berlusconi did . 
  could you please describe what `` crimes '' chirac has commited ? 
   for the people with jobs : inflation . 
  for the people without jobs : 50 % unemployment . 
  great point . 
   it 's not exactly like greece has an easy time attracting investors , and let alone with their own unstable currency . 
  i doubt it if you 'll see much growth , especially since there are countries in the eurozone which are more stable and are much more attractive places to invest . 
  a devalued currency and thus a lower cost of labor should help , no ? 
   edit : if female circumcision is illegal then why not male ? 
  because only christianity and judaism seem to count, 
  is exiting the euro really `` the worst '' for greece ? 
  sure , the price of ipads ( and gas ) will soar rapidly , but at least the economy should be able to recover faster . 
  which is worse , a lot of inflation , or 50 % unemployment ? 
  if we can reach a real consensus , then yes of course we should do it together . 
  what i mean is that i do n't think such societal issues should be put to a majority vote between member states . 
  maybe absolute unanimity is not required , but the majority should be very strong . 
  otherwise these kind of decisions simply increase resentment against the eu . 
   what happens if it is a finne and an italian for example ? 
  they can chose ? 
  you have a good point though .
