  doing things at the member state level makes things more complicated . 
  but i think we have to accept europe is made of people with very different cultures , and not all decisions can be made at the european level . 
   while i am pro-marriage for any people who care to do so there is , sadly , a very focused usually religiously driven moral standard on what constitutes marriage and this is seen as a `` serious '' issue for some . 
  i 'm pro-marriage too , but i find this is an interesting question independently of the underlying issue . 
   so , you have a bice loophole whereby people go to another state to get married , come back to their own state and the state is forced to recognise it ? 
  no , because it should be done according to people 's nationality . 
  finland should n't marry two gay italians if italy rules gays ca n't marry . 
  this is exactly the kind of thing that should be decided at member state level , not european level . 
  all europe needs to do is to mandate states to accept the decisions of other states , ie . 
  you may forbid gay people from your state from marrying , but if two people from another state are considered by that state as married , you have to consider them as such . 
  not at all , at least not obviously . 
  cross-post to / r/worldnews : http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/vw5qr/the_largest_unit_of_the_serbian_police_the/, 
  history is never a good motive to justify aggression . 
  otherwise we can live at war for ever . 
  the serbs are one of the most nationalist peoples in the world , and quite frankly , they are quite frightening . 
  fortunately their state is not very powerful . 
   security officials estimate that 24 salafists present a threat of islamist attack in germany . 
  salafists are definitely not nice people . 
  fortunately , they do n't seem to have that much traction ( yet ) . 
  maybe , but let 's rejoice for now that some politicians at least seem to be hearing us . 
  very in favor , but not for `` federalism '' , at least nothing that resembles the us . 
  i think having independent states in competition together with institutions that allow them to cooperate easily is much better than centralizing all the power and corruption in one place . 
  it 's from the european space agency , so i think it 's safe to assume such a simple mistake would have been caught . 
   breivik currently occupies three adjoining cells in a separate high security wing which he uses as a bedroom , a gym and a study . 
  this can only work in nice , calm and very rich countries like norway . 
  i think that unfortunately the problem is not going to go away until there is a stable and strong government in this country . 
  that 's a lot for a petition . 
  thanks for the links . 
  interestingly , no mention of any deaths . 
  just to be clear , i understand contamination is a serious problem , but i think it can be dealt with , and is still safer than coal . 
  i 'd love to see your references , including the number of deaths directly imputable to the waste . 
  because what germany is doing is basically trading a very safe source of energy with limited waste that can be buried properly for a very dangerous one where waste goes directly into the atmosphere , with very real , direct and present consequences . 
  what 's the problem with drilling holes ? 
  some internal links would be nice ... 
  calling is better anyways . 
  `` anonymous '' are not putting people in the street , real organizations such as `` la quadrature du net '' are . 
  but i agree , participating in anonymous `` protests '' can be a first step towards more serious engagement , especially for younger people . 
  they 're not helping . 
  all they accomplish is equating acta protests and childish `` hackers '' in the mind of the public . 
  if you 're serious about acta , call your representatives and tell them why you 're against it . 
  do n't wear funny masks while dosing a few websites . 
  because it 's part of the pr plan ? 
  we 're so sorry , we 're all signing acta . 
  sincerely , we 're sorry . 
  is there a website to centralize these answers ? 
  it would be a great tool when the elections approach , 
   london . 
  do you really think that all the money that is traded in london comes from london ? 
  yet we have more than 10 % unemployment in most of europe . 
  have you used it ? 
  it may not be as good as microsoft word , but it 's a fine tool really , at least in my experience . 
  well , of course , what do you expect ? 
  did you try opening a . ods with microsoft word ? 
  at least libreoffice tries its best , even if it does n't always succeed . 
  apparently not : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/limux, 
  even then , i think the powers of the federal authority should be very limited . 
  it 's basically what we have now . 
  people who advocate `` federalism '' want a stronger central government . 
  i still think the netherlands are one of the finest democracies in the world . 
  sadly , it 's true that there is n't much competition . 
  center-right ? 
  pp is a party from the right , full-fledged , nothing `` center '' about it . 
  edit : why the downmods ? 
  if you disagree , i 'd love to hear your reasons !, 
  the products you 're refering to are complex combinations of a lot of subproducts , a lot of which are designed in china . 
  that the brandname company is not chinese is quickly becoming irrelevant . 
  and even that is changing . 
  there were no chinese car makers a few years ago , even though a lot of parts came from china . 
  [ guess what has happened ] ( http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/18307624/ns/business-autos/t/chinese-automakers-are-looking-west/#.tqa61oyu7wm ) !, 
  the design is also quickly moving to china . 
  also , calling people `` retards '' does n't help the conversation . 
  but you ca n't use it anymore to buy cheap chinese goods . 
  so you have the same amount of money , but you 're still poorer , as in `` not able to buy as many things '' . 
  `` chinese people are idiots who work like slaves for no compensation '' , responds europe , 
  fortunately , / r/france is growing strong , so in a while it may become possible to get people who do n't want to speak english on reddit anyways !, 
  we 're still far from that , though : - /, 
  so we can have yet another demagogy contest every five years ? 
  with consequences on all europe ? 
  no thanks . 
  the european population is not ready for that . 
  i 'd rather see the ue as a referee between member states , introducing groundrules and healthy competition , without centralizing too much power . 
  it 's the only comparable federation i can think of . 
  a federal european union would probably look a bit like the us , at least more than it does now . 
   it 's naive to think that you can have a common market without a punitive apparatus to enforce standards and common rules . 
  we do n't * need * a federal state for that . 
  i 've lived in spain for one year , and i 've seen british people trying to integrate there , and they just do n't . 
  they think they get spanish people , but they just do n't . 
  i agree the cultural differences are n't huge , but they do exist , and result in slightly different values and outlook on life , which in turn result in different laws for each nation . 
  also , i 'd like to see your arguments * in favor * of federalism . 
  what exactly attracts you ? 
  increased corruption ? 
  is the us model really something we want to copy ? 
  so we can have something like the us in europe ? 
  no , thanks . 
  i think the current system , based on consensus , is better . 
  it 's slower , but it 's more robust , and it promotes healthy competition between states . 
  plus , the culture in different european states is actually pretty different , so i do n't think it makes a lot of sense to have a european government with european laws . 
  in short i think cooperation between independent states is much better than a big merger into a big federal entity . 
  yeah france for wisely choosing who to lend to !, 
  do n't take my comment too seriously .
