i really did n't intend this to become a pissing contest or compare with other countries . 
  i do n't care at all what country has the best proficiency , and i do agree that average german proficiency is far better than the french one . 
  i was just sharing an observation , that 's it . 
  but the difference is , i 'm not talking about you , just about german people in general . 
  there is no question that french accent is very strong , my english is not that good but i still do n't see how this is relevant ? 
  i do n't understand why the fact that french people suck at english means i can not say anything about the germans ? 
  probably not , i 'm just saying that germans are overrated , 
  i 'm french and i absolutely hate the dubbing voices . 
  i think it 's a matter of taste , 
  frankly germans on average are not that good english speakers after all . 
  they have a good vocabulary because german and english are similar , but they often have a strong accent and make a lot of grammatical errors . 
   frustrated voter base to express their grievances toward a political system that they feel is broken ? 
  since when is voting for a fascist party a legit way of `` expressing grievances '' ? 
  voting is a way of chosing leaders who will make very concrete policy decisions , not a satisfaction form . 
  it 's a bit late now . 
  polls told us this was going to happen for a few months but nobody seemed to care . 
  what 's with belgium ? 
  i find it difficult to find reliable predictions for europe as whole . 
  weird , because the result is going to affect all of us . 
   do n't worry . 
  russia ( as in putin ) ca n't do anything to estonia , and if they suddenly think they can and move into estonia they will be annihilated . 
  really ? 
  even if they invade a tiny piece of the country with no one wounded ? 
   it functions poorly if you want content other than karmawhoring and circlejerks and low-effort posting , that 's not the kind of content i get in the reddits i 'm subscribed to . 
  because the community is more important than the voting system . 
  again , i 'm not saying that reddit 's voting system is perfect . 
  but in the case of first-past-the-post voting , there are a number of well-understood alternatives that have already been widely tested . 
  why do n't we see the same kind of analysis for reddit ? 
  that would be far more constructive than saying that the `` system is fundamentally broken '' without an analysis or an alternative . 
  i 'm just sick of hearing this assertion repeated ad nauseam when it 's clear that the system functions and that users love it . 
  i do n't know exactly why it works , but it 's clear it does and no amount of incompetent reasoning will change that . 
  slashdot for example is pretty much dead these days , despite having had a good headstart on reddit . 
  i admit there are other reasons for that , though . 
   the voting system on reddit is fundamentally broken then why do you stay on this site ? 
  hint : a system that has managed to keep millions of users happy is not `` fundamentally broken '' . 
  it could certainly be improved , but doing so is not as easy as it seems . 
  do we really need free-trade agreements with the entire world ? 
  the eu is already a huge market . 
  also , let 's face it , we have major disagreements with the us on issues such as social and environmental protection ( not to mention between ourselves ) . 
  signing a free trade agreement with the us will severely restrict our ability to regulate on these topics . 
  fair point . 
  i agree you make a good point . 
  thanks for writing that up . 
  i 'm just saying that in this specific case the swiss people and their government do n't agree . 
  basically the swiss people has decided ( by a very short majority ) to overturn what the government previously said . 
   go tell the french `` frontaliers '' ... ok that 's a good point . 
   there 's no point in making treaties if you do n't honor them . 
  i agree with the sentiment , but you should note that the treaty was signed by the swiss * government * , while this vote came from the swiss people . 
  i agree that they should have reacted before the signature of the treaty , not afterwards . 
  in any case i agree that we have the right to use the guillotine clause . 
  i just think that we should n't . 
   it would be wrong . 
  intelligent people already know that immigration is a good thing . 
  only right-wing retards oppose that . 
  if i was n't more polite , i 'd say only retards make sweeping generalizations like that . 
  whether or not immigration is a good thing depends on the context and the numbers . 
  if immigration is always a good thing , why do n't we open our borders to anyone from all countries ? 
   they fuck us no they do n't . 
  they just decided to restrict work immigration from the ue . 
  that 's a very long shot from `` fucking us '' . 
  restrict work immigration from switzerland . 
  in that case , why do n't we react symmetrically ? 
  i do n't think what the swiss have in mind will impact scientists a lot and you know it . 
  maybe it will add a little paperwork but that 's it . 
  they 're not changing anything to the movement of capitals as far as i know . 
   the swiss are planning to terminate the conditions of the treaty so the treaty ceases to exist come on ... just because the treaty has a guillotine clause does n't mean we have to use it . 
  the swiss are planning to terminate one clause of the treaty . 
  i think we should react responsibly . 
  so we should punish the swiss to force them to adopt our political views ? 
  why ca n't we accept that they are a sovereign state and keep collaborating with them ? 
  imho this kind of behavior on the part of the ue is fueling the rise of right-wing parties all around europe and may very well lead to the demise of the ue as a political entity . 
  i know countries do it all the time . 
  i 'm saying it 's immature and counter-productive . 
  of course we should defend our interests . 
  but reacting to something you do n't like by retaliating in another , unrelated domain is just silly and childish . 
  just because they limited work immigration does n't mean that collaboration with them is not useful to us anymore . 
  what we are seeing here is punishment for non-adherence to the eu liberal dogma , not a sound strategy for maximizing utility to us . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  just because people do n't subscribe to your economical dogma does n't mean that they do n't want to collaborate . 
  you can absolutely collaborate on science without borders being open . 
  in fact , this has been the case for centuries , much before the free-trade credo became popular . 
  limiting immigration does not inhibit all collaboration . 
  in fact , it does not inhibit most collaboration . 
  so `` punishment '' is a legitimate way of doing foreign policy now ? 
  following this logic , i think we should directly go back to 1914 . 
  if you want my opinion , foreign policy should be based on doing what is in our best interest . 
  what is our best interest is to continue to collaborate with the swiss as much as they allow us to . 
   does limiting immigration means you do n't want to fully partake in cultural cooperation ? 
  yes . 
  does refusing global free market mean that you do n't want to support global free technological cooperation ? 
  yes . 
  could you show how you link the two ? 
  because to me they are totally unrelated concepts . 
   they clearly do n't want to partake in technological and cultural cooperation really ? 
  so refusing a global free market and limiting immigration means you do n't want to partake in technological and cultural cooperation ? 
   well how would you expect the eu to react to the very mature action of the swiss ? 
  do n't react until it becomes clear what the swiss are actually going to do . 
  the government has 3 years to implement what the voters asked for . 
  do n't punish * reasearch and students * . 
  yes , they are an easy target .
