  no , punishing them is not constructive . 
  way to go ue , this is very mature . 
  that 's google in english . 
  i wonder what searches in other languages would give ? 
  and take advantage of their position in an outrageous manner . 
  shows how ridiculous the massive demonstrations claiming society was about to crumble down were . 
  thanks , that 's useful . 
  too bad you did n't include it in your original posting . 
  one day is enough to master the basics of sql . 
  it 's a very useful language , learning it is highly recommended . 
  you should give a range of what people can expect to be paid . 
   it is so odd that a country with such a great tradition of civility can have tourists that behave in such an uncivil manner it is actually ** because ** of that tradition that they have to go express their animality somewhere . 
  you should be contacting them anyway , to show them you care . 
  because religion makes them stupid . 
  turkey used to be a beacon of progress in the muslim world . 
  also , it used to be a secular state with a large muslim population , not a muslim state . 
  your comment is utterly void of information . 
   sometimes it 's more economic to just buy a functional proprietary software then to install open source software and re-train all the workers . 
  that 's the standard pr line from proprietary software vendors . 
  but retraining everyone on a free-software stack is a one time thing , whereas buying windows + office licenses is something you have to repay every five years at least . 
  and they cost a fortune . 
  not even normalized by population ? 
  where do you draw the line between trolling and expressing an unpopular opinion ? 
  banning should be reserved for absolutely obvious trolling . 
  even for earnings over 1 billion ? 
  what i do n't get is that you could very well make guns much more difficult to acquire without actually giving up the right to have them . 
  simply make the process take six months and require tons of paperwork , and owning a gun will be out of reach of the people who usually conduct these massacres . 
  how do you know ? 
  i think the politicians in madrid have been abusing their central position . 
  plus i think the scars from the civil war are still open , especially with the pp in power . 
  edit : politicians , not people , of course, 
  that 's a seductive idea , but is it true ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that with a good organization ( dispatch migrants one family per village for instance , make sure they have people watching over them and that they are properly integrating ) , we could absorb many millions of migrants . 
  we are about 400 millions after all . 
  most shops are required to close on sundays . 
  greece is the only country in europe that , by law , limits the shelf life of milk to five days , leading to higher prices and restricted choice for consumers . 
  bakeries can sell breads to consumers only in a few specified weights so this is supposed to explain economic difficulties ? 
  for me these regulations lead to increased quality of life at a modest cost . 
  i do n't understand why * everything * should be deregulated . 
   meanwhile , entry is restricted in a flotilla of fields including taxi and truck drivers , engineers , notaries , actuaries and bailiffs this is more like it . 
  and even , more importantly , too many public servants and inefficient tax collections . 
  has this claim been tested yet ? 
  let 's see what happens with greece first \u263a, 
  i refuse to `` buy '' any copyrighted works as long as copyright laws are n't made reasonable . 
  i 'm not going to support this system with any of my money . 
  what would a reasonable copyright law look like ? 
  for starters , it should have a reasonable duration , say 20-30 years . 
  then , it should have provisions to protect consumers : for example , if you buy a song on a platform , it should be yours forever , even if that platform closes down . 
  i 'm probably forgetting a lot of things , but you get my point : the current system is complete madness . 
  now suppose is has expanded a lot and it 's attacking the netherlands ... 
  as a french person , france needs to let go and understand that napoleon was not a national hero . 
  yes , he shaped a lot of what modern france is , but his wars were an absolute disaster and waterloo was actually a good thing . 
  there is no `` free market '' for taxes . 
  it 's just too easy for very small countries like luxemburg or the caiman islands to base their economy on low tax rates . 
  i just want to point out the false dichotomy between the long term ` peace in the middle east ' solution and short-term measures such as surveilance , police work , etc. 
  i agree it 's a difficult problem and by no means do i claim to have the solutions . 
  even if we were going to seriously pursue option 1 , we would need a short term plan . 
  if isis can manage to get a few dozen ( let alone a thousand ) of their militants in a major european city , it will be chaos that we have n't seen in a long time . 
  we really have a problem . 
  this should n't be the standard way of solving problems . 
  thanks a lot for doing this , we need more people like you . 
  this is cool , but it would be a lot cooler if it roughly aligned to political/cultural boundaries . 
  that 's a good point . 
  is n't there a sizeable russian minority in moldova ? 
  surely this extends at least a little bit into mainland romania ? 
  i hope `` determined rebels '' wo n't start invading romania ... 
  given that russia has an army stationed in moldova ( if i recall correctly ) , if i were romanian i 'd be a little worried . 
  25 % of voters is huge for something that did n't exist five years ago . 
  think about it for a moment : the man is openly `` socialist '' . 
  in the us . 
  with the success bernie sanders is having , i do n't think we are that far away . 
  maybe just wait a few years and then we can pass a great trade agreement that respects people and the environment . 
  but maybe i 'm just dreaming , 
  how exactly was it made ? 
  wtf are the english doing ? 
  historical satire ? 
  that 's what i 'm tired of hearing . 
  speeding endangers lives , it 's a serious offence . 
   parking violations and overspeeding so it 's alright then ? 
  good point , i was n't aware of that distinction . 
  i do n't think the circumflex on je\u00fbne is being removed . 
  what about polish spelling is `` fucked up '' ? 
  it 's actually phonetic , so pretty much as good as it gets . 
  most outraged people are misinformed . 
  for example , many believe all circumflex accents are to be removed . 
   the minister added that it is `` complete nonsense '' to take these crimes as evidence that foreigners can not be integrated into german society . 
  it * is * complete nonsense . 
  millions of refugees have already arrived . 
  making general conclusions based on the actions of a few thousand of them is nonsense . 
  do n't mistake me though , accepting refugees will lead to problems and making sure this wo n't happen again is a very difficult problem . 
  does n't mean europe should take no refugees or that it 's impossible to integrate most of these people , though . 
   because they are crumbling i dispute that . 
  they still have a strong army ( by middle eastern standards ) , and i do n't think their opponents would be progressing at all without the air support we 've been providing for a while now . 
   unpopular opinion : ca n't we just take the attacks without retaliation ? 
  why would we ? 
  we have an evil organization , by all standards , that controls huge resources . 
  do we really want to leave them alone ? 
  the fact that there have been misguided invasions in the past ( irak ... ) does n't mean we should stop all military interventions for ever . 
  why do people even upvote this shit ? 
  an of course , who gets put in jail ?
