  let 's restrict bank notes to 5 $ max and basically force everyone to use cards . 
  it 's the same with americans over here , they are generally very well behaved because they had to pay good money to make the trip while brits get on a ryan air flight for 30 euros and come to get drunk and party . 
  during my two visits in cyprus i realised that your country 's tourism industry revolves a lot around the british , agia napa for instance felt very inviting to the british population and a little aloof to the locals or other ethnicities . 
  that was one thing i did n't like about that place , but it make sense since the brits see cyprus as part of their former empire . 
  anyway , i agree 100 % that the brits are the most obnoxious tourists in any place i 've been , loud and disrespectful ( but there are exceptions of course ) . 
   at least signaling the willingness to make some progress would be . 
  so what kind of sign have they shown that they are willing to make any progress ? 
  last time i checked the declined the name `` north macedonia '' and later they went on to make more provocative statements . 
  we keep requesting a solution to the issue but they have never proposed anything plausible , they think that by ignoring the whole situation the world will eventually get to know them as `` macedonians '' and descendants of alexander the great and that greece will have no other choice but to step back . 
  i 'm by no mean a nationalist in fact i criticise my country on almost every level but even the most modest of the greeks find this issue enraging and for a good reason . 
  well-educated people and historians all over the world side with greeks on this one . 
   it 's just that blocking both nato and eu membership seems like an overreaction on the greek side so according to what you say greece 's `` rational '' reaction should be `` look at that small country founded in 1991 that questions our history , steals it , alters it , teaches it at schools and makes territorial claims in our region . 
  let 's welcome them to the eu and nato and give them more power to disrespect us . '', 
  no , thanks , greece was a member of both the eu and nato way before fyrom was a country . 
  i would recommend something like `` independent republic of hogwarts '' which is about as accurate . 
  you 're right , i 'm sorry . 
  i meant `` macedonia wannabe '', 
  how about `` fake macedonia '' ? 
  that 's even more historically accurate . 
   it seems like both greece and ~ ~ macedonia ~ ~ fyrom have some valid points what are the valid points of fyrom ? 
  please enlighten me !, 
  the alteration of historical events should be a good enough reason ( apparently not to you ) but the fyromian propaganda goes way beyond that . 
  there is a big difference though . 
  `` megali idea '' is not taught at schools in greece . 
   changing our name because of greece will be a national humiliation is n't it humiliating enough already that you had to take another country 's history , mix it up with fictional events and create a false ethnic identity due to lack of your own ? 
  sources : every respected historian in the world, 
  i said `` claims '' and i 'm not smoking shit . 
  i did n't talk about a well-thought plan . 
  it 's not like greece feels threatened by fyrom but this does n't mean that greece should put up with a small nation 's arrogance and deal with them the same way an adult would with a 5 year child asking for ice-cream . 
  the name is the tip of the iceberg . 
  it 's mostly the fact that they downright alter and steal greek history , teach it at schools and even make territorial claims in makedonia , greece . 
  any educated person around the world knows that fyrom 's positions are a joke . 
  if greece decided to just ignore all that and welcome them in the eu as they stand for the sake of not coming out `` butt hurt '' it would be equal to `` officialising '' fyrom 's positions . 
  no country in their right mind would do that . 
  there is no such thing as proper camp for refugees in greece, 
  they sure as hell do, 
  i do n't think that the eu elite wants switzerland as a member either since switzerland serves as the safekeep for their illegally obtained money . 
  no need to mess with something that is not `` broken '' . 
  starbucks had started declining way before mikel was a thing and imo they do n't even compare , mikel is a joke , overrated af ( \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 \u03c4\u03c1\u03b5\u03bb\u03ae \u03ba\u03bb\u03b1\u03c1\u03b9\u03bd\u03b9\u03ac ) , starbucks is on a different level . 
  starbucks was a big hit in coffee-addict nation greece before the crisis ( circa 2002-2008 ) , now half of them have closed cause most people wo n't pay 5 $ for a coffee drink when you can get your coffee for 1,50 . 
  in all honesty , i like how they make dessert-like coffee drinks and they treat coffee like it 's a big deal ( which it is ) but the quality of their espresso will most certainly disappoint the italians . 
  piss off finland , greece is the sick man of europe , stop trying to snatch our hard earned title . 
  that 's exactly what i 've been saying myself but the amount of europeans allergic to the word federal is too damn high . 
  eu is doomed to fail based on that alone . 
  i guess it 's a bit similar but i 've never been to turkey to compare . 
  the image you 'd see here is young people 18-35 most of them drinking freddo ( iced ) espresso/capuccino out of a straw , ( frappe is also still popular but not as much as it used to be ) . 
  there are also a few hookah bars ( which i imagine turkey is full of ) but you have to know where to look for them . 
  greek coffee ( same as turkish ) is not very popular among the new generation , but 50 + yeal-olds . 
  still drink it a lot . 
  i know ... in greece it 's springtime already , it 's 20 degrees outside , in belgium it 's 3 and it 's raining, 
  great i 'm travelling to belgium this wednesday, 
  sitting for hours in a cafeteria , drinking coffee and discussing loudly with my friends ( your typical greek also smokes like 10 packs , i do n't ) . 
  the top tourist destinations such as santorini and mykonos wo n't be affected . 
  the eastern aegean islands were never a hot destination anyway ( except for rhodes ) . 
  the ministry of tourism should make sure they advertise greece for holidays and everything should be fine . 
   i have absolutely no cause for complaint , because there 's nothing worse in politics than boredom . 
  so glad the misery of millions of people makes your life more interesting mr. donald tusk, 
  oh now they wan na talk ? 
  cause i swear i almost misunderstood their decision to exclude greece from the previous talks with balkan states as the exact opposite . 
  and by `` we '' you mean ... ? 
  i 'm on the go and did n't read the whole post but you could say that in a way it 's simple maths . 
  entering through greece = refugee candidate , refugee candidate    illegal immigrant . 
  the problem is political not geographical . 
  i 've tried quite a few different cuisines but greek and italian pretty much cover me . 
  ikr , you could tell by miles that he just used it as a sentimental term with no substance, 
  i wo n't bother with netflix until they got a complete library of films and tv programmes , subtitle options and a working full-hd streaming , which will not be anytime soon . 
  give me the service that i described and i will gladly pay even 15 $ / month instead of 10 $ my trial with netflix was a joke , cancelled instantly and did n't even use up my free month . 
  i have nothing against turks when it comes to simple citizens of turkey and in fact there are common traits between greek and turkish culture ( e.g. 
  music , cuisine , etc ) all i 'm saying is that turkey does n't belong to european culture . 
  in fact every country that was once occupied by the ottomans is struggling to rejoin the european culture since due to the occupation we were excluded from the 2 most important things that shaped modern europe : renaissance and the industrial revolution . 
  luckily for us renaissance was highly attributed to classical greece and we were able to get away with a lot of things . 
  it will be impossible for erdogan 's turkey to become european any time soon . 
  albania 's communist past made their islamic faith probably one of the weakest in the whole world , for instance every albanian that has moved to greece and italy has converted to christianity , let alone that a lot of them are only `` muslim '' on paper but atheist at heart . 
  albania is definitely not a representative of islamic culture and no-one considers them part of the islamic world . 
  the entire population of istanbul is 12 % of turkey 's total population and istanbul is only partly in europe , so that number is wrong . 
  plus the vast majority of istanbul 's habitants do n't even come originally from there . 
  what 's it with turks trying to convince the world that they are european when they are clearly not ? 
  not culturally , not geographically , not politically and not historically . 
  even geographically no-one considers turkey european just because 3 % of its territory belongs to europe, 
  i do n't think that the majority of europe shares this opinion , they see turkey as a muslim , non-european nation . 
  let 's put that way , a european territory that the ottomans grabbed from the greeks a few centuries ago does n't make turkey european . 
  i did , more than 50 % belongs to the asian side, 
  cameron himself was very emphatic about this so called reform but all i got out of his speech is that he will insist on the uk being excluded from any sort of federalisation plans . 
  the uk has already achieved that anyway , so what more does cameron want ? 
  the uk is surely not on the same page as brussels when it comes to the eu 's vision , why should the uk then dictate a reform model on the eu when they do n't even plan to be part of it ? 
   i 'd rather we did n't get special treatment but rather reform of the eu . 
  can you please elaborate as to how you mean this reform ? 
  the uk wants to opt out of anything that has to do with a more centralised administration within the eu , they also want to isolate themselves from all of europe 's problems but keep only the part that benefits them and are now playing the card that the eu ca n't afford to lose the uk 's mighty economy and so they better accept their new terms that guarantee uk 's impartiality in eu 's issues and certain rules . 
  the uk is starting to get on the nerves of the other eu members ( for different reasons than greece obviously ) , no-one forced them to join the eu or stay in the eu , what bugs me the most is that they demand special treatment to which the eu will most certainly succumb . 
  exactly , the only thing the uk cares about is how much the single european market can benefit them , everything else is a nuisance to them . 
  and varoufakis is a narcissistic idiot . 
  istanbul is only partially in europe anyway . 
  only a small part of istanbul is in europe really , but then again cyprus is 100 % asian ( geographically ) and is a eu member anyway because of its historical and political bonds with greece and the uk . 
  besides its complicated cultural identity the big problem with turkey is that the eu does n't want them , balkan countries hate them , the middle east does n't want them and russia does n't want them either . 
  they are a growing economy but suck at making allies . 
  the real issue here is that the eu is not ready to accept a muslim nation with a cocky leader in its predominately christian union , plus they by no means want to expand eu 's border so close to the middle eastern mess that usa created . 
  again , you are talking about history , not social reality . 
  arvanites were part of the modern greece and its culture by 1990 when albanian natives ( that by that point had culturally little in common with greeks ) started flooding the country . 
  the feud between greece and albania is not historical ( if that 's what you mean by calling greeks ungrateful ) , it is social . 
  when the communist regime collapsed in albania and they migrated by millions in greece our cultures were not ready to meddle together and there was n't much time for adjustment either , it was like `` boom , learn to live with albanians everywhere , now '' ( things have got better over the years but there is much room for improvement ) .
