number 6 is far off reality , tourist industry wo n't collapse any time soon because of the immigration crisis , this is just bullshit reproduced by the media . 
  about the rest now , the last thing our leftist populist government wants is to be accused of mistreating defenceless refugees , so while there are cameras 24/7 around refugee camps that pretty much beg for heated moments that will make one side or the other look like `` the bad guy '' there is nothing the greek side is willing to do than sit back , watch this mess and send their wishes for a better world . 
  you wo n't see groups of immigrants walking around the majority of tourist destinations . 
  by that time england will probably be officially the 51st state of usa, 
  china can buy infrastructure and resource-filled territories in the balkan region at fair prices . 
  balkans are a hub between europe , africa and the middle east . 
  chinese are smart . 
  the eu is sleeping . 
  i thought so myself ... cosco has already got a prominent presence at the port of piraeus for a number of years now . 
  him again ... did you know that he changed his name from yannis to yanis when he was a kid because he did n't agree with the double-n ? 
  ( which is how the name is always spelled ) . 
  i like how the eu keeps pretending that language is not an issue with what they are trying to accomplish with the union . 
  english should have been the 2nd official language of all eu members since decades ago ( i 'm talking about a true bilingual status ) and its use all business environments should have been the norm by now . 
  take away the language advantage from the uk and watch that percentage dropping to that of germany 's or lower . 
  no one really knew . 
  it turned out to be `` do you enjoy austerity measures ? 
  - vote yes , do you wan na fip off the imf and germany - vote no '' . 
  i 'm not even joking , that 's how serious this referendum was with absolutely no plan as to what its outcome would mean . 
  deep inside tsipras hoped for a yes outcome so he could blame the result for the extra austerity measures or so that he could resign and blame the greek people for not supporting him . 
  in retrospect , greece should have defaulted as early as 2009 . 
  we 'd be in the exact same crappy position right now but on a development trajectory . 
  you might find interesting that there is a [ greek muslim minortiy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_minority_of_greece ) in thrace . 
  something that is a taboo even mentioning in greece is that they themselves feel closer to turks . 
  yes , greek and greek-speaking are the same thing to greeks ( and that was true since the ancient times ) . 
  religion played its part in preserving the greek language with the new testament ( a.k.a. 
  greek scriptures ) being ultimately of critical importance in the formation of a greek identity . 
  our bonds with germany/france/england etc are political not social/cultural . 
  however our bonds with eastern countries are declining despite the common traits in our cultures . 
  since religion became a very important characteristic of the newly formed country , greece has been consciously distancing itself from muslim nations . 
  edit : i overlooked your sentence * `` since i read many anatolian greek refugees had to learn greek when they arrived . 
  '' * i 've never heard of that . 
  i know that a lot of greeks from anatolia knew turkish also but i have n't heard of greeks who spoke no greek at all . 
  my grandfather was from a village near izmir and spoke perfect greek and some turkish as a kid which he later forgot when he migrated to lesbos . 
  what i 've heard though is that during population redistribution between turkey and greece you were pretty much whatever you claimed to be , so could it be that turkish-speaking individuals that felt closer to greek culture or christianity wanted to pass as greeks ? 
  who knows ? 
  ( if that 's true same goes for the other way around i guess ), 
  i could write an essay about it and i 'm not even good with history , i will try to tl ; dr instead . 
  modern greece was formed in a rush less than 200 years ago and `` europeanised '' overnight after 400 years of ottoman ( turkish ) occupation . 
  its political system was imposed by its western european `` allies '' that helped with the revolution ( greece started off as a kingdom and our king -16 y.o. 
  otto - was imported by germany who initially wanted to make parthenon his palace ... ) . 
  on the other hand a large portion of the population wanted to partner with `` brother-nation '' russia , some even thought it was prophesied they would serve as our `` saviours from the north '' ( some still believe in this bullshit ) . 
  fast forward right after ww2 ( and many other wars with other balkan countries and turkey ) , a messy civil war between conservatives/supporters of the kingdom and left wing/communists brought greece to its lowest point in modern history . 
  and while greece seemed to be recovering at an impressive pace during the 1950s and 60s , usa imposed a military junta in greece during late 60s/early 70s ( part of its cold war games with russia ) . 
  after that was over , greeks voted in a referendum to get rid of the king and then shifted gradually to socialism . 
  financial growth during the 80s and the 90s found the greek immature political system completely incapable of fully modernising greece and instead they gave way to populism and corruption that ultimately led in 2009 to the infamous financial crisis . 
  a lot of greeks do n't feel like we belong to the west and almost no-one thinks we belong to the east either . 
  some think we are the descendants of ancient greeks and ought to act like it , others think we are the centre of christianity , other think we are just what 's left of the eastern roman empire ( byzantium ) and others think we are a mix of romans , slavs and ottomans . 
  when it comes to political views things get even messier . 
  i hope that helped you understand a bit why greeks have an `` identity crisis '' . 
  note that this is my understanding of the situation and that there are excellent historical sources with great insight on the matter . 
  he is flemish afaik, 
  both layouts are very nice . 
  i think i like the one on / r/moderncss a little more cause i prefer menus at the top of the page but it 's a matter of personal preference . 
  the deal with turkey is just going to be a temporary show for media consumption in hopes of holding back the immigration waves . 
  no way turkey would have agreed to this unless they were promised something big , which they were n't . 
  everything looks nice but the sidebar had me thinking there is something responsive going on which is not the case , i do n't quite get this type of menu in a non-responsive layout, 
  well thanks for taking a positive look on the greek condition . 
  the thing is that when you say `` you guys can turn it around '' you do n't realize how individualistic greeks can be at the time blinded and divided by their political views . 
  there is no `` you guys '' in greece , we ca n't act as a whole , modern greeks always had some sort of identity crisis , we do n't even have a clear vision of what we want greece to be and we ca n't agree on the matter anyway . 
  the financial crisis only worsened this . 
  i 'm not very optimistic about my country . 
  on the positive side we have nice weather , nice beaches , amazing countryside , nice food , important history and the most ancient language in europe . 
  as a greek i feel mostly ashamed . 
  ashamed of our politicians , their incompetence and corruption and ashamed of the greek society with their stuck minds and selfishness . 
  can i play too ? 
  just look at my flare . 
  i 'm already bankrupt . 
  beat that !, 
  hey germoney , we do n't complain about the west that much , we even claim to be its great-grandparent , can you send more money our way please ? 
  stop making everything about you , that 's very selfie of you . 
  but i thought that usa was the land of freedom . 
  i guess we are now the land of excess freedom . 
   that 's my true greek bro right there . 
  fuck the others . 
  fuck the doctors , the police , the teachers . 
  only look out for your own group . 
  did i hit a nerve there ? 
  everyone knows the ethos of the average greek public sector employer and how much they have contributed to the current situation in greece . 
  it 's funny that you mention doctors and the police with the greek version being probably the most corrupted you will come across around the world . 
  well if you want to passively stand at the receiving end of blames like `` you are lazy , corrupted , untrustworthy and unintelligent '' feel free to speak for yourself . 
  i was talking for the majority of the ** working ** class ( minus the public sector ) who have nothing to do with the current situation yet they are subject to insults , humiliation and a never ending struggle with uncertainty for the future , unemployment and poverty . 
  everywhere you turn on the internet there is some random asshole whose extent of knowledge about the greek crisis is whatever they 've seen on random memes on the internet and the moment they realise you are greek they proceed to say `` pay debts '' . 
  greek politicians and part of the greek society are very much responsible for the situation but there is an awful lot of people that deserve better than what you have come to accept as your well-deserved reputation . 
  it 's funny cause everyone thinks we have it worse than what we think , yet we think the lowest of ourselves compared to all other countries . 
  greece went from developed to shithole overnight and european media somehow managed to turn everyone against the greek working class . 
  i live by poseidonos ave. and was woken by the marching bands rehearsals , for some reason they decided to start with a very psychedelic one and me having spent the night before watching back to back horror movies i had a similarly terrifying experience as you . 
  athens started the whole unshaven/homeless look that took over the world . 
  only difference is that over here they are actual homeless people not hipsters . 
  * cries in greek *, 
  there is room for socialism in the political spectrum , what people ca n't understand is that the government itself does n't have a magical way to generate money and that the bill will be eventually paid by tax payers . 
  welfare is nothing more than money redistribution and a big bill for future generations . 
  in most european cities people wo n't give a shit about how you look . 
  i ca n't speak for every city but if you come in athens up to 80 % of the public transportation passengers are immigrants who make no adjustments to their appearance let alone that most greek men have got a beard themselves . 
  will people believe you are an immigrant ( shaved or not ) ? 
  very likely . 
  does that mean that you ca n't enjoy your time as a tourist ? 
  not at all . 
  i personally would n't shave for no one . 
  wtf, 
  i have a better idea .
