considering more people are leaving finland than entering it , would that be enough ? 
  and in britain , ` cack ' is a ( rarely used ) term for shit . 
  actually the supermarkets are the winners , because they do n't pass on much of the savings to the consumer , and take in huge profits . 
  then everyone starves . 
   this is / r/conspiracy shit . 
  well i agree with you on that bit at least . 
  the guardian article seems to clearly state that he pushed his wife and child on to the tracks . 
  not sure how they are misrepresenting this ? 
  oi you stay out of this, 
  i currently live next door to a mosque in helsinki . 
  i only realised it was there when ramadan came and there 'd be people outside in the street fairly late which was mildly annoying . 
  better than being near a bar though . 
  must be tough being a muslim in a country where it gets dark so late during ramadan . 
  til pointing at something is giving an is salute . 
  yeah but x ( evidence about x being wrong ) never mind x , what about y ? 
  problem with filters is it does n't affect what reaches people 's reddit front page , which iirc is how most people browse the site . 
  if there was a way to filter out what stuff within a subscribed sub reaches the front page , that would be great , but afaik there is n't . 
  ^ this guy is a one month old account that only posts racist shit in this sub . 
  someone ban evading methinks . 
  reported to the admins !, 
  you know i hate to be that guy , but i keep hearing moderators complaining about people not reporting stuff , or rule breaking posts hitting the front page and being up for hours , and the mods not taking them down because no one reported them . 
  i guess this is a problem with mods that moderate shitloads of subs , but could you guys not perhaps look through the stuff that people post on your sub more rather than just looking at the mod queue ? 
  yeah at least immigrants generally contribute at least something of value . 
  ^ this guy has literally never posted on this sub before , and most of his posts are all edgy anti ` sjw ' rants . 
  yeah we 're being brigaded . 
  ironic that much of his posts are about sjws brigading . 
  i really do n't understand how anyone could miss the satire . 
  i am a man . 
  people need to stop listening to the nonsense people say about places like srs and just check it out for themselves . 
  subscribe for a while , you 'll get it . 
  ^ this person got the joke . 
  gang activity has always been a big issue in malmo . 
  that 's not news . 
  i know i 'll get down voted by the ` poltically correct ' brigade for saying this , but there is something of male culture that is inherently violent . 
  why do we get called ` sexist ' is we try to talk about all these men in our countries , committing these crimes ? 
  edit : looks like you sjws ca n't take a joke . 
  you 're so oversensitive . 
   i do not know what you find funny this is the most finnish statement i have read today . 
  well , second to the one about the president of finland asking about parsnips . 
  ( psst , i 'm not being serious ), 
  here 's the weird product of my mixed imperial/metric upbringing : - height of a person : i understand feet and inches - weight of a person : i understand stones ( i mean what the fuck is that ? 
  some fucking * roman * shit right there ) - large distances : i understand miles , not kilometers - small distances : i understand meters , not yards . 
  - measuring the size of objects : i understand cm , and inches to an extent ( lol penis ) if we 're going to move to metric over here in the uk i say fucking get it done already . 
  tell that to the fuckers who made my packet of vegetarian taco mince , arseholes used capital letters on that shit . 
  and on the measuring jug i used . 
  i wont be fakkin poluting my body with that shit [ downs lager , lights cigarette ], 
  fuck that shit , i do n't even begin to understand pounds and ounces . 
  is this a parody account ? 
  it really is ridiculous how the other governments and imf are reacting to them calling a referendum - the bail out conditions are so harsh and very political ( economically very right wing indeed , all about selling of state assets ) and will have effects that will be felt for generations to come . 
  of course something so huge should be democratically decided - and the way that has been responded to so negatively and with such negative action is really an attack on democracy , and suggests it 's more about protecting the wealthy european countries and the imfs interests and political agenda than helping greece and its people . 
  or quite as your edit suggests , they do n't personally like it , but they do n't think its up to them to judge or decide . 
  many muslims see islam as a set of personal rules to follow , and that non followers can do what they like . 
  drop the fucking persecution complex already . 
  no one called you a nazi . 
  apparently its a thing that the scottish speak better french than the english . 
  i 'm watching you two . 
  used a lot by cycling fans to express respect . 
  i 'm not sure anyone deserves respect for basic levels of decency . 
  thanks , sorry but what i meant was the linked article was in english , but when i go anywhere else on that site everything reverts to finnish , and i could find no option to switch to english . 
  i 'm interested in being able to view that site in english in general , because i 'm currently working in finland . 
  hmm , sadly auto turns to finnish when i go there on my phone . 
  syria is not the entire middle east . 
  the entire middle east ? 
  plenty of safe , stable regions out there . 
  ot , but how do you get this site in english ? 
  you do n't have to be communist to be left wing . 
  they are left wing . 
  except that is complete bollocks because the snp are pro eu . 
  in other news , 45 % of the british population are ignorant morons , still clinging on to irrelevant pretenses of empire . 
  edit : smh, 
  i 'd have thought this was more appropriate : http://i.imgur.com/7drhiqr.gifv, 
  it 's take the piss out of them because lots of muslims live there ? 
  i 've never heard someone do this in finland . 
  i 've lived in finland for close to two years and i do n't get it . 
  is this a racist thing ? 
  i like fudge, 
  i recall being taught about our actions in india , in particular i recall the jallianwala bagh massacre ( although i had to look up the name ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jallianwala_bagh_massacre, 
  because acknowledging your nation did something bad is about attempting to enforce ` white guilt ' . 
  or people will believe it 's subtly different even if they are effectively identical . 
  / r/ukpolitics got invaded by / pol / in the run up to the last general election and turned it into a chan-speak ukip echo chamber . 
  so all the non pol types just fucked off back to / r/unitedkingdom . 
  dude . 
  i linked to it up in my previous comment . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  none of what you are saying is true . 
  i 'm done . 
  wrong . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/25/shooting-milo-yiannopoulos-speech-seattle-charges  the shooter was a trump supporter, 
  people on this site seem to talk a lot about what happened at berkley , but no one seems to talk about how a trump supporter fucking shot someone trying to prevent violence at milos previous speaking engagement . 
   they keep fucking up and handing the moral highground to trump i ca n't imagine what the left in the us could possibly have done to in any way give trump the moral high ground . 
  the correct finnish would be ` suomiifikkiikalainen '', 
  what on earth is this, 
  a beer in one hand , gun in the other , jallu in the other . 
  potato potato, 
  also brussels has a metro station called ` cunt sweat ' . 
  were they communication cables ? 
  i which case , thank you for the service . 
  can we get an explanation as to what this is all about ? 
  it means `` pull a cunt over your head and ski to norway '' . 
  it 's used if you * really * want someone to fuck off .
