and england , being a country which speak a germanic language , has the highest % english speakers in europe . 
  followed closely by the netherlands , denmark , sweden , norway and austria , who all primarily speak a germanic language . 
  see the connection here ? 
  i 've never heard anyone refer to russians as ` ivan ' . 
  if anything , we 'd refer to russia as ` the russian ' , as in : ` if the russian comes ' , meaning if they up and decide they want to invade us for whatever reason . 
  in terms of the submarine thing , there were a couple of instances where a supposed photo of a submarine by the swedish coast led to an extensive search of the swedish coastline by military vessels , making headlines and shit . 
  no subs were spotted and it quickly went from headline news to a meme . 
  sort of like how every ufo ( unidentified floating object ) in swedish waters is most likely a russian sub ? 
  but why did n't they just use the bridge ? 
  was the toll on weapons high or smth ? 
  i 'm not american myself , and i feel like you seriously need to address a few core issues to break the status quo that 's killing the seemingly overwhelming lack of faith in government and the democratic process . 
  among these things , i 'd personally say that the amount of money in the lawmakers pockets that come from special interests and large corps are one of the major ones that could be fixed comparatively easily . 
  other than that though , the only one thing that i can see as being more toxic to a democracy than a two party winner takes all system is a one party system . 
  and let 's be honest here , you 're well on your way there with the dems seeming more and more like their the slightly less right wing republicans . 
  obviously , since i do n't live in the us , i do n't know all the intricacies of the system or the issue to give a more well thought out analysis tham that , however i really do feel like the two party system needs to go . 
  and that you seriously need a sincere left wing or at least a liberal party so that it 's not just right or center right . 
  those are fair points , though i honestly do n't know how much more could or would be done even for the netherlands if they were as much in the shitter as greece . 
  lol the willful ignorance is strong with this one . 
  i mean , in terms of fascism , i 'm not too afraid of republicans in general . 
  most of them lack the brains and the balls to do anything too aggregious . 
  i also do n't think that the us will end up in a straight dictatorship . 
  i do however fear the combination of steve bannon and mike pence . 
  bannon is a legit fucking psycho , and pence has clearly stated that he sees cheney as an example of how he wants to do vice presidenting . 
  now , as i said i do n't expect them to go full fascist . 
  but further infringements upon freedom of the press and freedom of speech , as well as privacy and international law ? 
  that shit 's almost a given in my book . 
  did you stop reading my comment after the first sentence and then type out your response ? 
  literally . 
  has . 
  sent . 
  female . 
  without . 
  hijabs . 
  similar . 
  clothing . 
  it was either wear the damned pieces of silk and be allowed to actually have a conversation about human rights in the country to actually try and put some kind of foot in the door to discuss the damned situation . 
  it 's nothing more than respecting the damned laws of the country you 're visiting , and it 's nothing new in the world of diplomacy . 
  actually , i 'll quote our minister of trade ann lindes facebook post about it . 
  och det , jan bj\u00f6rklund , kan du gl\u00f6mma the law is a travesty , yes , but it 's nothing compared to some of the other shit that 's going on in iran , and sending only men or a group of envoys that would be refused and sent back to sweden without even so much as a little bit of a civil discussion would ultimately be worse for any kind of feminist foreign policy . 
  now , i 'm down to criticize iran , and in some parts the will to visit and broker a trade deal in spite of their abysmal equality situation , but the fault , if any , was that they went . 
  not that they chose to go there in a way that their ministers could participate without being seen as offending the laws of the country you 're visiting , which is n't a great way to start off diplomatic relations . 
  edit : based on earlier encounters with our southern neighbors , i 'll assume that you can read swedish well enough to understand what she 's saying . 
  if not i 'll ofc be happy to write a tl ; dr in english for you . 
  but not putting on hijabs in iran is illegal . 
  they were there as envoys to negotiate potential trade deals as well as the human rights situations in iran , where they allegedly did in fact bring up womens rights as an issue for discussion . 
  of course , the enforced wearing of hijabs * is * quite an issue in terms of gender equality and human rights for women in the country , but it 's not like they did anything else than show respect for the laws in the country they were visiting . 
  if you can show me any example of female diplomats not being turned away immediately for not following these dress code laws , you 'll have an argument to make . 
  until then , however , you should probably quit circlejerking and realise that they had to choose between sending either all men to iran , or have the women wear hijabs , just like literally every other female envoy to iran has done so far . 
  and no , envoys to saudi arabia does n't count , seeing as they do n't have this particular law . 
  i 'll give you this though , if sweden were recieving envoys from iran , and the female ministers wore hijabs , * that 'd * be downright embarassing and them completely keeling over for no good reason . 
  well i mean we do also hold quite a bit of autonomy from our end as well . 
  i 'm thinking of our exceptions for snus and not being part of the euro cooperation , for one thing . 
  sweden and denmark are both maintaining a sort of sideline position on our own accord , just as much as by eu viewpoints . 
  to be fair , i 'm fairly certain they speak an actual language where he was born . 
  that 's a fairly massive experience lead in terms of learning languages when compared to the danish . 
  i agree that it 's pretty unnecessary to scream fascist at every turn , but in the case of erdogan , there is no denying that he is actively pushing fascist policy and moving closer to a dictatorship . 
  fuck , the dude even god damned praised hitler for his leadership skills . 
  you can only stretch godwins law so far . 
  well i mean that did n't stop the patriot act or guantanamo bay from happening . 
  all that it takes is for a large catastrophe like the wtc attack to happen again , and these institutions will matter for fuck all . 
  plus i 'm not entirely convinced the muslim ban is the thing that they 're trying to accomplish here . 
  the bullshit surrounding the ban and the twists and turns around that and republicare has made it so that the focus has switched completely from the fact that djt completely ignores a fuckload of his election promises . 
  cheney could do it . 
  no reason to assume bannon and pence wo n't be able to cook something similar up while djt is off golfing or whatever the fuck it is he does during the days . 
  edit : a bunch of stuff, 
  decoration , mostly . 
  `` hate speech laws are the same as controlling the media and imprisoning and executing people who does not praise all that the government does . '', 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  yes , imprisoning someone over a damned costume is beyond silly and should n't be a thing at all , but comparing it to the transgressions by fascist governments throughout history does nothing but show your complete lack of understanding of what freedom of speech entails . 
  projecting much ? 
   imagine a french army general saying something like this ? 
  what would people assume ? 
  imagine that the nazis built a base on the moon and are invading the entirety of europe in two months . 
  if we 're gon na be like that u = / = o and o = / = \u00e5h, 
  why ? 
  the world is n't populated by devils and saints . 
  we are all human who do altruistic and egoistic things all the time . 
  looking at mr. farage and mr. johnson , i have a hard time agreeing with you . 
  true , but it 's equally irresponsible to judge by the lense of their own documentation without taking into account the complete and utter bias , which was the point i was trying to make . 
  i 'm not necessarily trying to say `` durr , the romans were fucking evil and total dicks and they suck '' . 
  quite on the opposite , i find them to be one of the most ( if not the most ) interesting civilizations to ever have existed in recorded western history . 
  i do feel like it 's easy to get caught in some sort of `` roman hype train '' when doing it , however , so it 's fairly important in my mind to point these things out . 
  i forgive all of that in a heartbeat though , simply because of how stupidly interesting the period of time from the rise of rome to the fall of constantinople is . 
  i was a child back when i read them , but i seem to recall giggling hysterically through most of the asterix series . 
  guess i should re read to see if they hold up to the original at all . 
  the romans were imperialist militaristic assholes . 
  in the end , they of course did bring quite a bit of good in making the larger part of europe catch up with the mediterranean cultures . 
  however , let 's not forget that all records of their actions were written by themselves and would therefore be downplaying the atrocities and exaggerating the good as a whole . 
  a lot of good came from the roman empire , and being added into the empire would generally be a better way of living than what was before , which was one of the major reasons they could keep such a massive empire together for so long instead of just imploding after a short while ( see alexanders macedon for example ) . 
  if you dared resist them , however they were completely merciless and there was plenty of atrocities to go around throughout their entire history as an empire . 
  edit : regarding your estonia point , the only estonians i 've ever spoken to about the matter of ussr occupation and industry was a man who was quite decidedly very upset with the ussr absolutely wrecking the estonian industry and economy of the region before the eastern block fell . 
  i 'm done, 
  no biggie , just press the button to spend a bunch of diplo points to make it celtic . 
  a tradition that remains even today . 
  danes being dicks , that is . 
  i do n't think that the same strategy will work twice . 
  but what if you did both and alternatw which language is above to create an even spread ? 
  they were the lucky ones . 
  it 's a shit life being a country in this day and age . 
  it 's called bastu .
