be the change , you want to see . 
  [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/sikorskiradek/status/787269242345365505?s=09 ), 
   and i 'm not here to toot my own horn . 
  19 % of women experiencing violence is absolutely nothing to be proud of . 
  this ^ when this number is 0 we can be proud . 
  if you read the survey you would know what questions women were asked . 
  and you would n't have doubt what constitutes as sexual assualt and what does n't . 
  soo i do n't think women did n't know what they were asked . 
  obama ? 
  [ i had to ... ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/025/392/854.gif ), 
  do n't know why you lol . 
  the only reason for turkey to be in nato is to have an upper hand against russia . 
  russia if needed . 
  we are basically witnessing a purge aaand do we do anything about it ? 
  that letter is epic . 
   you seemed surprised that nothing changed in daily life . 
  wrong assumption . 
  rest of your post i agree with . 
  nothing . 
  what did you expect ? 
  you seem to know better than me . 
   the role of the constitutional tribunal is to intervene when government oversteps their powers , not facilitate your daily life . 
  indeed my european friend . 
  not really . 
  literally changed nothing in my day to day life . 
  except people have been separated even more into 2 camps . 
  no logical arguments just rage fueled arguing . 
  tbh both political camps are completely nuts . 
  that 's probably why so many avarege citizens in poland do n't care about politics and choose to not vote or participate in this crazy show . 
  jews still have that victim syndrome ? 
  it 's almost like some kremlin propaganda where you turn ukrainians into nazi or west against each other . 
  some people in poland think donald will be their savior from kaczynski and pis ( law and justice ) when he comes back from brussels . 
   the claim that the middle ground is `` immigration is bad '' no that 's not the claim . 
  the middle ground is 95 % ( made up numbers because sweden wo n't provide them ) is fine , but there is still that 5 % that causes problems like violence , gangs , rapes etc. 
  right wing blows that little minority our of proportion and left straight up declines any of it . 
  sweden even hides information like nationality of crime doers . 
  he is talking about sweden . 
  basically far right wing use a hyperbole saying theres hell in sweden . 
  left wing saying there are no problems . 
  truth is in the middle there are problems but sweden should talk about them instead of hiding them under the carpet in order to solve them . 
  i do n't see how that is wrong to say . 
  it 's pretty reasonable . 
  i 've watched his whole series in sweden . 
  he lets the viewer think for himself by just talking with different people and providing sources . 
  that does n't mean the charity is a political statement . 
  it 's like saying if pis is supported by onr that means pis is nationalistic , racist etc. 
  pis ( law and justice ) tries to make it a political statement . 
  never ? 
  politics are just popularity contests . 
  i was shocked when the refugee muslim he interviewed straight up said israel is the real enemy . 
  so brainwashed ... 
  yup , thats exactly why some people are not pro eu . 
  not some nazi or putin shit . 
  let me clarify a bit first of all i think the eu is a good entity and i 'm all for it . 
  what i disagree with is extermism . 
  eu recently and eu left elitists are leaning too far left . 
  this is the reason for creation of right wing counter part . 
  you ca n't ever go full left or full right that 's simply impossible in current world . 
   all of the above is threatened by the `` right wing '' that wants to tear the eu apart . 
  you are talking about the extereme right , even our super right wing goverment knows eu is needed and is n't for it 's destruction . 
  i just think you , left leaning people and eu politicians do n't realize where the right wing extremism comes from and how to fight it . 
  you see if eu tries to silence right wing opinions , you will just strenghten them and thats whats happening right now . 
  cornered animals attack if they have no other options . 
  if eu does n't realize that soon , we will have more of orban , brexit , pis ( law and justice in poland ) , brexit , trump , le pen and so on . 
  did you even read what you just sent ? 
  that 's why i write ad hitlerum , because it seems everyone who mentions hitler has no idea what they are talking about . 
   give me more examples of their decisions that directly impacted polish people negatively !, 
  :3  http://www.nto.pl/strefa-biznesu/firma/a/swinie-musza-miec-komfortowe-warunki-hodowcy-rezygnuja,10225116/ more restrictions for conditions and well being of pigs . 
  farmers deciding to resign from their job of pig farming . 
  we get restrictions while pigs from brazil usa even china do n't need to have the same conditions . 
  that 's destructive action , one of many more . 
   how many refugees are living in poland right now ? 
  do you see them in your day to day life ? 
  what issues do they cause there ? 
  lots and lots of ukrainians , and i 'm completely fine with them . 
  they come here to work , they dont seek free welfare , and we know who we accept . 
  there seems to be problem with chechens they tend to get into organized crime groups . 
   in general i fully agree with that last sentiment . 
  what issue do you have with it ? 
  african - middle eastern refugee case ? 
  you see the elite did n't care to make the decision together . 
  there was no discussion about that . 
  we only get to discuss the outcome of it . 
  i think that 's unacceptable . 
  and since they made the decision alone i think they should deal with it on their own . 
  [ i for example would fully agree with australian treatment of african middle eastern refugee case ] ( http://pakistan.embassy.gov.au/files/islm/140925finaladvert-noway.jpg ), 
  problem with politicians but especially the ones in brussels is they have no idea how an average simple people in europe live . 
  they live in their fairy tale world paid by taxes telling easy words about cooperation and solidarity . 
  their decisions have real life consequences , but it 's not the politicians who feel them . 
  it 's us the poeple . 
  let 's take refugees for example . 
  it 's not the elitist left who have to live with them and pay for them . 
  they wo n't see them in their day to day life . 
  this is where the right wing comes . 
  and it 's not becuase of putin , nostalgia , racism or idiocy whatever else you name it . 
  they realize the needs of people who still have problems , and it 's not some miniscule number . 
  it 's really sometimes the majority of countries that want something better from life and wo n't get that from the elitist left goverments . 
  you want to bend people against their own will . 
  that 's not gon na work . 
  do you even know the reason for the rise of right wing ?
