  it seems to me that there is something generally wrong . 
  those kinds of things should be outlawed . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not islamophobic at all . 
  i do however hate all religions with a passion . 
  but it seems that there is a general misconception of how a society works . 
  not because `` you are a guest here and we were kind enough to allow you in '' , but because there are rules and they ( should ) apply to everyone . 
  i can walk around my flat naked and in fact i am , since i just got out of the shower . 
  there 's no one who can tell me anything about that . 
  but no law says what kind of clothes i can wear out on the streets , as long as i am wearing clothes . 
  i do n't approve clothes that leave very little to the imagination , in fact i did have a traffic accident in italy a few years ago because of that . 
  luckily no one got hurt except my bumper . 
  but what people wear , how they walk , where they drink and so on is determined by the state and no one else . 
  i generally do not approve the left ( the flair probably says it all ) but  abolishing tuition fees for university students good man !!!!, 
  if there 's one thing on earth that must be free , that 's education . 
  oh my gawd !!!!!, 
  stfu and take my money !!!!!, 
  not at all . 
  i 've been taught to look for the best in people . 
  these two do n't offer a whole lot to work with . 
  not exactly reincarnations of schiller or tesla , you know . 
  or anyone even remotely related . 
   bolen is complete idiot tho my point exactly . 
  we do have [ one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volen_siderov ) , if you have indeed lost your mind . 
  well ours has learned what 's a toothbrush and how to use it . 
  by the looks of it at least but i would n't count on it . 
  yes , you 're totally right . 
  and it is a pain in the ass . 
  google so far has been my only option for most stuff but you really need to know how to look for stuff on google and know one or two foreign languages ( english is far not enough ) . 
  your other option is to look on amazon branches but they do n't always ship small orders . 
  the option them is to have a friend from the said country and have him or her order it for you . 
  yes , i 've gone that far for some things . 
  not sure about cosplay stuff ( not my thing at all ) but computer hardware is a common thing for me . 
  kindly some austrians made a small website that gathers and compares prices and from several eu countries ( austria , germany , uk , poland , etc. ), 
  and redirects you to the supplier . 
  more specifically [ these guys ] ( http://geizhals.at ) . 
  it looks like something from the late 90 's but it 's saved my life countless times . 
  i have been thinking about this for quite some time but i literally do n't have the time to start something like this and this should probably go to / r/entrepreneur . 
  well strictured database , logical ui , and a well organized and documented api where different shops can link to their items . 
  as i said , i do n't have the time but here 's an idea that someone could take advantage of and make a nice profit . 
  that 's something to be really jealous of . 
  not because i have anything against proprietary software ( i 'm in fact making a living out of it ) but it 's open source that keeps pushing the limits . 
  it is speculated that that this particular phrase was largely misinterpreted , but i really agree with the `` misinterpretation '' of isaac newton 's words : `` if i have seen further it is only by standing on the shoulders of giants '' . 
  and even though microsoft and apple fanboys love to hate , it 's a fact that all the recent achievements are largely thanks to open source products . 
  from operating systems to extensive libraries for neural networks and artificial intelligence . 
  edit : missed a word . 
  yes , germans are trustworthy . 
  i work with germans and i happen to be an associate in a small german company and thanks to the internet and the eu , i can work from the comfort of my couch . 
  as for germans doing the same - well they have the capacity to deal with russia . 
  we evidently do n't : check history for reference . 
  and the gas will always be more expensive for us : fact . 
  russia dictates the prices and as always , they love screwing their `` brothers '' . 
  quadruple the prices , as long as there are no russians involved . 
  our current prices are decided by russia and no one else . 
  forget the fact that the article is nothing but speculation without a single fact or quote by an official , that 's not the point . 
  but south stream ? 
  really ? 
  what makes you think that anyone with a brain wants any kind of deal with communist russia ? 
  and i am talking about bulgarians here . 
  we 've seen how reliable and trustworthy communists are / s. 
  and fyi nothing has changed in russia in the past 100 years since there is not a single difference between stalin , lenin , brezhnev , yeltsin , putin or any other lunatic dictator they 've had in the past century . 
  kind of getting off-topic but i 'm not talking about his political affiliation or personal beliefs . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , if you do n't like something , do something about it , protest , might get your ass kicked by police or something but hey , we all make sacrifices ( been there , done that , exactly that ) . 
  as far as the enlarging the largest publicly owned business , i do n't mind , we all do it . 
  that 's capitalism - sell to the highest bidder and you 'll be fine . 
   the citizenship do n't get a say over when a referendum is called . 
  john lydon must be really disappointed then . 
  seems like his own country did n't get his message ** at all ** . 
  shame , real shame . 
  in that case , forgive my ignorance , but is this fiasco really necessary ? 
  i mean why the hell wait for 2017 when you could have a referendum literally tomorrow ? 
  hell , it could have been 5 , years ago . 
  it does render the whole process completely pointless . 
  referendum is over , uk is out , cameron is a hero and all problems are solved overnight . 
  and all that could have easily happened without the drama and without the macaroni and cheese scenes , or am i wrong ? 
  and what 's the point of negotiations if people do n't want that ? 
  even if cameron himself is pro-eu , it seems to me we are looking at a failed attempt already . 
  even if he manages to persuade the public to vote to stay , it will just delay the inevitable by a few years at best . 
  scotland being a good example - they voted to stay in the uk , but snp 's success suggests that this might be just `` for now '' . 
  cameron will be out in 2019 ( or 2020 , idk ) , his party could be second if not third in the next elections and farage becoming prime minister . 
  a waste of effort , time and money . 
  that is the reason why many people across the europe who are otherwise very much pro-eu , want the uk out once and for all , including myself . 
  look , do n't get me wrong , i am saying this from the point of view of someone who 's seen it with his own eyes . 
  i know that i would n't want to see myself in that condition when i get older and i know that my days are not just finite but numbered as well . 
  people should have the option to choose . 
  i would n't be comfortable nor happy , living in the conditions that i described earlier . 
  euthanasia would never be an obligation but it should be a valid choice for people that are suffering : having the choice to go and keep your dignity . 
  a lot of people have no idea how it feel to hear words such as : `` there must be some sort of a pill that i could take to end all this '' . 
  coming from a man who is not even necessarily that old and very close to you . 
  i do and i would n't want anyone to experience that . 
  and think of it this way : i 'm in my late 20 's , healthy , successful man with very little to complain about . 
  but if for whatever reason i decide to end my life right here , this very minute , there 's nothing that could possibly stop me . 
  if however i am laying down in bed without being able to control any part of my body , it becomes a whole different story . 
  how is my choice now in any way more valid or right compared to someone in such condition ? 
  and this is exactly why i despise all religions . 
  cause `` killing is a sin '' . 
  ethical ? 
  moral ? 
  which is more moral or ethical ? 
  keep someone in some semi-vegetative state where the said person knows he/she will be in pain 24/7 and will crap him/herself 3 times a day without being able to do anything about it ? 
  if i can choose to skip all that and face the inevitable , then so be it .
