  good luck and ( if you choose bulgaria ) welcome . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  this is what happens when you have a decentralized political system . 
  especially when you have a problem that no single nation can manage on it 's own . 
  the eu is the only solution but it needs a heavy reform and adaptation to the ongoing situation . 
  the problem here is that australia is one country and you need a single vote to achieve this . 
  which is why an eu-wide agreement is needed . 
  instead in europe there is a battle on 11 front lines on the topic ( possibly more that i 'm forgetting ) : * the eu commission and the eu parliament . 
  * the eu parliament and germany . 
  * eastern vs western europe . 
  * southern europe vs northern europe . 
  * scandinavia vs sweden . 
  * italy vs everyone . 
  * greece vs everyone * uk vs everyone . 
  * public media vs everyone . 
  * everyone vs everyone . 
  * and to make matters worse , there 's also russia . 
  on the last point , as much as i hate to say it , russia is trying to act nice but i 'm more willing to think this has to do with their economical situation more than anything . 
  basically we have a political version of the balkan wars . 
  the shopska salad flag ads in the daily mail mostly . 
  do n't get me wrong , i agree with you completely . 
  i only travel by plane abroad so land borders wo n't affect me when it comes to traveling . 
  but everyone will be affected from re-introducing land borders : imports and exports which are essentially the whole point of not having borders . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that closing land borders wo n't solve the issue in italy , greece and spain . 
  in theory yes but there 's a small catch : the mediterranean . 
  closing land borders is easy . 
  building a fence in the middle of a goddamn sea is a different story . 
   do i get a pat on the head and a doggy treat ? 
  much better :d edit : / s, 
  spain too but if we do indeed want this to end , turkey and jordan are just as important . 
  the situation there is already in a late stage and what do you think the migrants from the refugee camps will do ? 
  `` next stop - europe '' . 
  there 's a couple of million in those two countries alone . 
  i actually agree with / u/isle _ of_mice . 
  this is a problem that has no easy solution . 
  this has been a problem in italy and greece for years and i think the media played a very dirty game this time . 
  sensations make headlines and , let 's face it , we know far too well how that works . 
  though it 's not exactly propaganda , we need to admit that it comes close to how propaganda is created : throw in a well known fact , find any link between the fact and what you are trying to perpetuate and the mass will follow your lead . 
  it 's that simple . 
  and it does n't go simply for the news , thanks to the internet , anyone can do it . 
  and the statements coming from germany have been twisted a lot . 
  as far as germany , at least since we two joined the eu ( and from what we can see , it 's been like that for decades ) , this has always been the case : `` germany halp '' . 
  on every occasion . 
  and when the solution is not to someone 's liking , it becomes `` those damn ~ ~ nazis ~ ~ germans '' . 
  yes , there is a problem , yes being able to cross 10 borders into 10 completely safe countries is even more problematic but so far no one has even tried to offer an alternative solution . 
  i do agree that 180k split among over half a billion would be just as relevant as adding a drop of ink in the baltic sea . 
  and let 's be honest again for a moment : which one is it ? 
  would those very irrelevant numbers make a difference in anyone 's lifestyle , culture or whatever other excuse there might be ? 
  does anyone believe that we ca n't provide the vital ingredients to help someone survive ? 
  or is it simply racism that 's fueling the drama ? 
  i 'm honest and i always say what i think , regardless of what people are thinking . 
  yes , eastern europe is utterly racist . 
  to be honest it 's not eastern europe or europe that 's carrying the weight here . 
  it 's turkey , jordan . 
  i 'm fine with closing the borders but helping italy and greece ( yes , i said it , help greece ) , as well as turkey and jordan should be a top priority . 
  edit : typos, 
  good ... 
  except it 's kind of 25 years too late so most of the freaks are either dead or dying . 
  as wrong as it may sound , let 's be realistic here . 
  historically , fear is the best weapon . 
  vlad tepes has been a good warrior but his best weapon against the ottoman empire was his sheer brutality . 
  i am all for helping refugees but there 's something generally wrong when someone crosses 10 safe countries in order to get the most out of the situation . 
  that said , if you are that type of refugee and you have to cross a border , knowing that you will loose your valuable possessions , get your ass kicked and thrown back over the fence ... you 'll probably give it a second thought . 
  and there 's also the fact that we 've never been very kind towards refugees . 
  we did the exact same thing in the 90s at the serbian border . 
  subway is more expensive ( i think , do n't quote me on this ) but food is better and you have * some * choice like vegetables , bread and stuff . 
  thanks , makes sense i guess . 
  oddly enough i do n't remember seeing a single subway during my holidays in vienna not that long ago . 
  i think it was a similar situation with mcdonalds here , but as soon as subway popped up , mcdonalds saw a huge drop in customers . 
  i do n't like either one but i find it curious . 
  the hell austria and sweden ? 
  in all seriousness , i noticed there were a lot of mcdonald 's restaurants around vienna . 
  [ oh , this will certainly end well ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3l14hf/croatia_doesnt_need_a_wall_or_a_fence_minefields/ ), 
  yes , really . 
  the soviet spotters among the young are 99.9 % drug addicts or alcoholics with 0 education . 
  essentially the minority i mentioned earlier . 
  old enough to remember it . 
  not to mention that communist regime collapsed in 89 but we were basically ruled by the same people almost the entire time up until mid 97 ( with the exception of like 11-12 months ) . 
  obviously nothing is black or white but you get my point . 
  those 50 years will continue to cast their shadow around these parts for many years to come . 
  even east and west germany - the east had a rich brother to pull them out after the 10-th of november 89 and there 's still a noticeable difference between east and west germany , despite all the efforts . 
  even today , you can grab a random man on the street , throw him at a random location in berlin , and he 'll be able to tell if it 's east or west germany 10/10 times . 
  there 's a small detail here . 
  there are basically two groups of people in eastern europe : young and old and pretty much nothing in between . 
  i 'm assuming you 've only had experience with the young . 
  it may sound bad , but the old portion of the population is completely unbearable ( 60 and above ) . 
  by no means all of them but a very large portion of them still believe that the ussr was heaven and these days it 's the endless world conspiracy against them . 
  and thanks to that , there 's also a small part of the younger people who are so delusional , they ca n't take a single decision on their own , including the colour of the socks they should put on in the morning . 
  hence they buy into the whole conspiracy crap . 
  luckily the old farts are slowly but surely dying out and the number of those born in the late 70 's and 80 's from their category is extremely small . 
  as for the rest - it took a while but the number of those who only moan about everything is also decreasing massively . 
  and then you 've got the extreme cases of those who wo n't complain even if you cut off one of their limbs ( i 'm one of them ) . 
  which has it 's benefits i guess . 
  if i have to be honest , i am kind of disappointed to see that there are those annoying farts in western europe too . 
  it 's inevitable i guess but what worries me is that in some countries , instead of decreasing , their number is increasing . 
  not just disappointing , it 's also sad . 
  i have tried several guns ( under supervision of course ) . 
  i do own a cz airgun and a cheap katana sword ( replica at best ) that i got for ~ 350 euros . 
  yeah , i 'm not exactly prepared for a zombie apocalypse :(, 
  i am wondering what that colour is but i 'm guessing someone got the `` 70 + '' label wrong .
