not really ... fidesz wants to be isolationist from `` foreign influence '' aka eu/us by aligning itself with russia for a quid pro quo deal where they lobby for russian interests in the eu for large investment loans ( paks , south stream , etc ) to finance gdp . 
  i dont think mszp would tell the imf to fuck off and go to the russians for cash . 
  the butthurt is strong with us, 
  i thought you had some anti-corruption prosecutorial agency now that is pretty tough ... 
  new stadium *, 
  its fidesz , they will put a tax on online data coming from iceland, 
  no dude , the tax applies to all data transfer so look at it from the publishers/hosts point of view ; they will be paying more taxes than the worth of the internet service . 
  they will pass laws against foreign owned media companies too ... 
  easily detectible ? 
  so brave , you can join us in our illiberal paradise with turkey , china , russia ... 
  too bad the epp is legitimizing crony capitalism , corruption , graft , and state capture just so they can have a majority . 
  politics is nasty business . 
  he does , he makes $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ for himself/friends . 
  i got -15 downvotes for asking if merkel will join rosneft , gazprom , or lukoil ... the germans are touchy, 
  [ yeah lets bet ] ( http://www4.pictures.zimbio.com/gi/matthias+warnig+merkel+medvedev+inaugurate+jf7lfq34c_gl.jpg ) [ she keeps good people around ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matthias_warnig ), 
  why whose board will merkel settle on ? 
  rosneft , gazprom , lukoil ? 
  doing nothing is a good strategy on their part . 
  cheap gas from russia ... cant fuck with that . 
  lazy assholes , come work in our factories for $ 3/h . 
  our exports are n't selling ... fuck it print money devalue the euro . 
  the mighty germans , sitting 10000 meters high looking at the macro view on everything . 
  but when it comes to paying 2 % gdp on nato its pass\u00e9 . 
  theyd slit your throat it you didnt pay them . 
  your post perfectly sums up everything about the german mentality . 
  in the last decade you have done nothing but be the beneficiary of sucking equity , skill , and capital out of europe and then you try to intertwine today with 30-50 years ago . 
  fuck you . 
  i swear to god i 've never seen such a crystal clear view from your post of how such giant pieces of shit you are . 
  gib money plox, 
  hehehe he didnt say budapest ... daddy orban \u2122 is looking after us . 
  the norwegians used to give money to ngos in hungary , any ngos could apply for the tender . 
  the current ruling party/government wanted to set up a company that they control that received the cash whereupon they distribute the cash . 
  the ruling party said the money was given to rival political parties in the last elections . 
  the norwegians said nope , and cut off the funds . 
  fast forward to last week the norwegians publicly asked for eu sanctions against hungary and taa-daa !, 
  police commandos raid ngo offices searching for contract/paperwork/computers . 
  or a good time for a travel ban and visa restrictions, 
  if the court disagrees with fidesz , they just add ` judges ' until the desired outcome is reached . 
  i think this thinking is representative of the older generation , when i was in hungary i was in an icecream shop and an older gentleman asked where i live now , i told him i live in the us ... he then proceeded to rant about how america is the source of all evil/problems . 
  the language used in this textbook is so out of touch like that generation of hungarians . 
  what developments ? 
  its simply innuendo . 
  the norwegians cut off the money because they were stopped from directly funding opposition political parties . 
  which countries tolerate foreign finance funding political parties ? 
  immigrate to norway ... problem solved . 
  which are ? 
  sanctions are not going to bite the political class ... 
  the mayor of the town was the main contractor . 
  pest is kind of like an onion , nagyk\u00f6r\u00fat , as most european cities anything in the central inner ring is culture/pretty/touristy / expensive . 
  buda is considered more upper class but its more residential outside of the castle . 
  its also hilly so travel light and bring water if you want to explore buda on foot . 
  when russia threatens to cut off gas supplies who are they affecting ? 
  politicians , bankers , social elite ? 
  yeah turns out actions have consequences ... 
  me too ... eastern european wages and western european expenses, 
  so basically the dutch have to apologize for getting murdered by russians . 
  those devices have the data that can be released to the public to verify a missile hit . 
  nato will not release satellite , sigint , elint to the public . 
  precisely , thats why i said the flight recorder has been already destroyed . 
  you can still demand it and tie actions to it and justify things . 
  i 'm talking about a russian type of response where we start bullying those fucks around a little , making demands , forcing some hands . 
  otherwise they will wipe their ass with us again and laugh about it . 
  i think eu airspace should be closed to russian registered aircraft from entering until the data/voice recorders are either given to eu/american investigative teams . 
  from the reports i 've read the data/voice recorders were seized by the insurgents and sent to moscow ... aka destroyed . 
  or the russians seeking payback for polands alleged involvement in ukraine . 
  you 're right , the us should remove their marines from northern norway so you can fend off the russians yourselves . 
  dont contact them either about arctic mineral rights . 
  please carry on with the scandinavian snobbery . 
  this title is belong on / r/cringe, 
  are you really hungarian ? 
  most of these doctors are forced out by the established doctors who ** all ** take cash bribes and kickbacks for procedures/care . 
  you need surgery ? 
  we 'll mark it down as removing a ruptured appendix so you can come jump in front of the line . 
  maybe they 'll just do it off the books if you pay a little more . 
  they will still take their salaries . 
  you dont have cash ? 
  back of the line , they dont give a shit if you die . 
  these doctors leave because the healthcare system of eastern europe is a cesspool of corruption . 
  at the end of the day doctors in hungary dont have the same salaries but they * do infact * take home a significant amount of money . 
  [ gerrymandering ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gmpnbwm.png ) ( they dont need the popular majority vote for a 2/3 parliamentary majority ) , shady campaign finance and advertising laws , no real alternative , etc. 
  not when those laws will start getting implemented . 
  arent the financial sectors of switzerland and uk competitors ? 
  edit : if you were barclays/rbs you woldnt love the shady ass swiss getting thrown out of the single market ? 
  surface scratching conflict porn . 
  they 're held by the balls because they export goods to the single market . 
  throw them the fuck out . 
  why dont we let swiss citizens who want to work in the eu marinate in second class citizenry like they treat eu workers/residents in switzerland . 
  awwww yisssss . 
  not last !, 
  bunker mentality to fight social injustice . 
  that 'll teach those nationalists !, 
  the treaty of trianon was signed less than a 100 years ago , you make it sound like its 500 years ago . 
  you think those people belonged to the aristocratic class ? 
  social mobility in eastern europe works like in the suburbs of canada and america ? 
  the german government knows the nsa works with infrastructure companies like siemens , phillips , etc. 
  who do business globally . 
  irans nuclear facilities are based on siemens architecture per the revelations from the stuxnet virus . 
  russia/china/anyone does business with those companies to build out their infrastructure . 
  the german gov are going to say to the americans that if they dont get access to global raw intel per countries like britain/canada/nz / australia these relationships with german private industry will cease . 
  this really isnt speculation , this is just leveraging .
