  actually , the simple fact that they are not in the euro zone has more to do with it then what you wish to insinuate . 
  that , and a myriad of other reasons . 
  to think the eu funds granted would be a primary reason shows simply a serious lack of understanding of how the economy is built and measured even . . 
  true , but as someone coming here first time in 96 , and witnessing where poland is today : kudos , 
  another answer that deserves gold , 
  actually , going through the list , as i did , you 'll actually find that only 50 % are in areas that at least used to be defined as ghettos ( nydala , lind\u00e4ngen , roseng\u00e5rd ) . 
  actually i find the shooting in the area around folkets park the most worrying ( even if it would be on the `` wrong '' side , i.e. 
  m\u00f6llev\u00e5ngen ) , as those are truly heavily populated and trafficekd areas including a ton of families . . edit : also , as someone growing up in sweden/norway in the 70-80s , i can hardly say what has developed over the last 20 years should be considered safe . 
  but hey , no longer my loss . 
  i voted with my feet in the end . 
  note to self : if ever spending new years in paris , do n't bring car . 
  interesting guess . 
  care to elaborate on how you came to that conclusion ? 
  never heard anything about luxembourg so curious , 
  then the stats lie to you - trust me on that one ... 
  nah , it was just a silly comment as your countryman creativexyz spent a lot of time arguing over my posting history . 
  ignore , 
  careful now , agreeing with me might make you suspect  ), 
  approx 5 grenades this year from what i could find . 
  cars torched : 316 last year in malm\u00f6 alone - but at least better then earlier years i see : [ link ] ( https://polisen.se/pagefiles/638439/statistikbilbrandermalmo20019_2016.pdf ) edit : but judging by earlier years , there are bound to be a few more explosions : [ link ] ( http://www.sydsvenskan.se/2015-05-29/bombkarta-har-har-sprangladdningar-detonerat-i-malmo ) edit 2 : i 'd assume these events comes and goes in waves , so the number of cars torched is probably not abnormal during such a wave , but wildly abnormal when compared to a random night outside of these waves . 
  i 'll take `` drunk man has fallen over '' over shootings in the street and cars torched any day . 
  edit : hell , i 'd probably enjoy getting a fine with that text some years back and frame it on the wall . 
  out of context ??!, 
  there is no context here . 
  sweden has obviously a problem with arson , be it cars or schools , as you very well know . 
  i stated clearly my goal of the tread , yet you insist on pulling politics and mysterious/nefarious agendas and suspicions around . 
  get of your high horse and put a finger to the ground will you ? 
  edit : was last night an anomoly in terms of amount of cars torched ? 
  couldnt say as i no longer live there . 
  but is the problem frequent ? 
  yes , as statiscs from msb etc etc will clearly tell you . 
  seems like it . 
  i always thought marseille would be the worst , but juding by the amount of comments suggesting paris , i might have to reconsider that notion . 
  and yes , i do not consider sweden nor many other places in scandinavia safe . 
  for me , or for my wife . 
  here , in poland ? 
  very different story . 
  and how does that detract from the facts presented ? 
  are facts less valid when presented by someone you disagree with ? 
  i wish i could give you gold for that comment , 
  have no clue actually . 
  im not campaigning for him or anything . 
  i answered a direct question in one thread , and gave what i believe to be a pretty sold answer . 
  you make it sound like i 'm part of some nefarious organized group or something ? 
  for christs sake , im norwegian , my opinion on trump is neither here nor there ... 
  i cant vote for the guy , i dont even live there ... as for sweden : i 've lived there . 
  i have still family there , including younger siblings . 
  i still go there ever so often due to family events . 
  i 've seen , and continue to see , the decline of malm\u00f6 . 
  am i not allowed to say something on the subject because i favour a politician you apperarantly disprove of ? 
  something tells me most people would prefer if their crime log was 90 % drunk and disorderly , 
  true - which makes it hilarious when you consider pretty much everywhere they emigrate/travel will be worse in relative terms , 
  i fail to see how my political views ( which are obvious in my post history ) are relevant to highlighting that there just miiiight be a small problem with crime in a city the i 've actually lived in for a combined total of 10 years or so ( hell , i 've even lived on one of the streets mentioned in the police log , and the last years i lived there some 300 meters from folkets park , where the last shooting took place in the log ) . 
  edit : to be clear - the point of the thread was to make people think for a second the amount of crime that passes in what is considered a peaceful place on the earth . . facts may be unpleasant , but denying them is worse . 
  well , its not exactly unheard of : [ link ] ( http://www.gp.se/nyheter/g%c3%b6teborg/kraftig-%c3%b6kning-av-antalet-bilbr%c3%a4nder-1.60428 ), 
  this is one of the things people `` back home '' cant believe when i say one of the biggest differences when living in poland : * `` it is safer '' * . 
  i once even had to pull out full stats for rape & violent crime ( i think it was for 2012 or so ) , showing that poland in absolute numbers are approx the same as norway/denmark ( sweden must be excluded due to its extreme numbers . . ) , which is amazing considering poland is 39m people . . 
  couldnt say , havent lived there in a long time . 
  i assume they got tired of burning down schools . 
  edit : basically one school per day or something ? 
  haha - true . 
  seems they had a quiet night in that regard . 
  only a few cases of shootings . 
  i think your flag kind of gives it away . 
  if not france , the 2nd country known ( at least by scandinavians ) for this would indeed be sweden . 
  it is obvious from the comments that paris , france seems to be quite famous for its carbeques . 
  it is not correct guess here , but it is an interesting observation , 
  and we have a winner !, 
  beautiful scandinavia strikes again !, 
  wrong , but bonus points for specifics , 
  does the events indicate a safe place ? 
  and both guesses wrong by the way . 
  i think many will guess that , i know i myself would have . 
  but wrong . 
  it would by the initial look of it seem like a good guess , i agree . 
  but still wrong . 
  wrong, 
  good guess , but wrong, 
  wrong, 
  it gets even better : they even try and make it the fault of those critical from the start , saying it is `` our '' attitudes that creates the problem for integration today . 
  that is one ( good ) way to stay mentally healthy these days , 
  irrelevant . 
  but hey , let 's spin the narrative into anything , just anything else except the actual content of those emails , proving her corruption and dnc 's complicity . 
  its actually kind of interesting seeing the anti wikileaks sentiments being spewed forth these days . 
  i guess its true , the revolution always eats its own . 
  * make more popcorn and watch the show *, 
  as i continue to tell you , yet you continue to not answer : * it does not matter who released the info nor why they did it . 
  it does not detract from the veracity of the information given . 
  * hrc and the dnc are damned by their very own words . 
  period . 
  yet you continue to try and obfuscate the matter , by calling the credibility of the reporter into question , and thus by extension questioning the veracity of the report itself . 
  you even managed to call into question the timing of it , somehow managing to think the heads of the dnc themselves stepped down due to some nefarious scheme and * agenda * , and not , as should be obvious by everyone by now , the sheer scandalous behaviour and petty scheming from their side . 
  please , recognize : you are either actively lying , or trying to perpetuate a lie , for no other reason then that you do not approve of the person revealing the truth . 
  as credibility relates to truthfulness i 'd say that s is exactly what you are saying . 
  elsewhere you have also used the terms `` lying by omission '' - indicating the leaks are a lie , and that we are somehow missing context . 
  so they released too much . 
  how does that change the truth of the more damning mails ? 
  it also proved that hillary sold favors and influence to the highest bidder . 
  are you honestly trying to tell me we are lacking context ? 
  that there are somehow some information that would make the leaks available less damaging ?
