  edit : and i was too quick there it seems . 
  i 'll let the comment stand though , in case others misread the previous post as i did . 
  i 'd really not be too optimistic about your employment rates - you basically have the highest/2nd highest unemployment among young people in europe . 
  also , the way you collect statistics on that subject is , shall we say , slightly different ? 
  there are a ton of people `` working '' in various government programs that basically simply hides the fact they are still living on government subsidies or direct transfers . . hell you have entire villages pretty much empty of young people as they 've all gone to norway to work in the service industry ( i believe you 've seen the documentary with the `` banana girl '' ? ), 
  i 'll drink to that . 
  considering how ** a lot of borders ** were redone after ww2 , not only germany or germans suffered for this you know . . kind of funny though : in europe `` we '' redrew the borders to ensure ethnicly clean areas , to avoid future sh * t . in africa , we ensured there would always be a mix , with a clear majority ruled by the minority . 
  i actually find rts bias easier to deal with . 
  it is known , upfront . 
  they do n't try and hide behind `` we are objective , unbiased '' bullsh * t. kind of like why i often preferred reading klassekampen in norway , basically the reddest , most left wing newspaper you could find . 
  you did not have to spend any time trying to deduce the article and authors bias , it was given upfront . 
  more `` honest '' if you wish ( heh , ca n't believe i used the word honest in the same paragraph as media ) . 
  err . . if you are talking about the working conditions , 12 hour shifts etc , i 'm sure you 're right ( we have labour laws after all ) . 
  if you are implying we do n't have paid shills , nor being subject to propaganda from our own western governments - i pity your na\u00efvet\u00e9 . . edit : or wait a second . . * puts tinfoil hat on * . . maybe you are one of them ? 
  paid to try and obfuscate that eu has paid trolls ? 
  how much do they pay ? 
  are the hours good ? 
  remote work options ? 
  benefits ? 
  when do they interview ? 
  no no no , that 's ok because that is not the same thing at all . 
  now please do n't look behind the curtain , and get back to fearing all-powerful and evil russia . 
  edit : considering us has pretty much direct access to all the major social networks , plus comment engines , they for sure have it quite easy . 
  poor russians must do it the old-fashioned way ... hard core , 
  and you learn something new every day , 
  relevant link : [ occupied ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/okkupert ), 
  love how you managed get 3 separate rants into one post  cheers, 
  small anecdote : me and my better half typically spend a few minutes discussing over dinner how ; our meal is made from 2-3 different cultures ( latest being balkan , greek and turkish ) , how many people we 've dealt with from various countries and cultures in our work ( hint : many ) , yet we both are `` right wing '' , and live in `` xenophobic '' poland . . edit : i think we have most major cultures nailed down in terms of music , meals , colleagues , clients and friends . 
  yet we are xenophobic right wing uneducated rednecks according to ... a f * ck it . . it just gets stupid after a while ... 
  in all fairness , i 'm pretty sure . 
  it could not get worse, 
  i actually kind of thinks that 's the exact point the author made , unwittingly , 
  true - i think however there is a beauty lost in modern combat gear as opposed to the hussars , 
  well , you asked for my view on the general consensus , i answered the best i could . 
  like i said , your perspective is different . 
  i do think i presented not a one-dimensional `` swedes helped the germans '' though , and i have also expressed understanding for the swedes situation . 
  my point being only this : you played both sides , to survive . 
  you did , and came out will your entire country intact ( which was not an insignificant contribution later on for your economy btw ), 
  i 'm not going to argue your points , but surely you also see the betrayal of poland at yalta ? 
  `` we '' are pretty much responsible for the entire eastern europe falling to stalin ( and we even gave the guy the resources needed to keep it , see the us lend and lease program to ussr ) . 
  i ca n't speak for every norwegian of course , but my generation and my parents and grandparents ( which in my case includes a grandfather in the resistance ) , the general understanding is , in very broad terms , something like this : the swedes permitted the trains through sweden , that carried resources , soldiers and prisoners to and from germany . 
  sweden was in general a friendly nation , giving refuge to people fleeing the nazis for various reasons , but on occasion would deny such refuge ( up to armed soldiers refusing entry to the country to some of our resistance fighters ) . 
  sweden also made a sweet deal for their steel , and other industrial products to germany . 
  in short , you stayed out of the way were you could , sometimes you helped us , and sometimes you profited and helped the other side . 
  we also think most swedes have learned a slightly different story , where the `` bad '' aspects have been played down , and the `` good '' stuff is played up . 
  wallenberg for instance . 
  there is however no bad blood over this , to my knowledge . 
  if anything , all i 've heard has been some sarcastic comments about swedish steel , or similar . 
  i think we all know that in some level , sweden did what it did to ensure its own survival , and having witnessed denmark taken in a matter of hours , and norway in a few days ... to be honest , if the germans had n't tried to kill our king and crown prince , i am not even sure our resistance would have been any different from the danes , which were a lot less violent ( yet successful in their goals ) . 
  on the other hand , us being independent for such a short time before the occupation is also bound to have made a difference . 
  this last part ali 's only my personal observations though . 
  well , having left for better pastures to the south-east , not my concern anymore  just try and do n't make 2nd `` potop szwedzki '' and i will be fine , 
  actually , i think one of the issues in regards to * permittentrafik * is that we , norwegian 's , have a * very * different understanding of that term then most swedes . 
  but yes , in addition , i think a more thorough understanding of what each party/country did , and why ( without moral judgement ) would probably be helpful too . 
  actually i was referring to how sweden played both sides , in order to so they themselves were not caught in harms way . 
  that led to quite few morally less then perfect actions , also towards their `` brothers '' and neighbors to the west , but by and large their strategy worked . 
  for sweden . 
  which was , and should be of course , the primary concern for the swedish government . 
  none taken here either  sk\u00e5l !, 
  edit : i i }  ~ $ ] % % { }  autocorrect . . edit 2 : it 's always a bit of a touchy subject when swedes and norwegians discuss ww2 . . 
   tolerated . 
  you know you 're successful as a politician when the description of you and your person is told in a single word : * tolerated *, 
  hear hear, 
  lol - by what i gather was pretty much a stroke of good luck , no we did n't . 
  it was close though , from what i understand , but in the end you decided `` f * ck it '' , 
  an article about the book itself : [ link ] ( http://www.vg.no/nyheter/innenriks/sverige-lot-tyske-nazitog-passere-til-narvik/a/10065818/ ) the book itself : [ adlibris.se ] ( http://www.adlibris.com/se/bok/blodsporet-9788292844212 ) there are for sure a ton of literature on the subject , this one is recent though , and focuses on the whole train-thing . 
  fun idea, 
  from my earlier reply :  like i said : it 's understandable per se , but the picture is n't pretty later on   i 'm not bashing here , i think many a nation would have done similar . 
  i do know however we did not , and when our king told us to resist , we did . 
  but we were already occupied at that point so that is quite different circumstances . 
  yup . 
  i understand it . 
  like i said : it 's understandable per se , but the picture is n't pretty later on  i 'm not bashing here , i think many a nation would have done similar . 
  i do know however we did not , and when our king told us to resist , we did . 
  but we were already occupied at that point so that is quite different circumstances . 
  probably true . 
  it seems our independent media prefers to report shitty stuff only after we 're no longer buddies with the other guy . . a good example of that would probably be the media cover of saddam hussein in the 80s vs later, 
  you sure you want to open the discussion about right to asylum , un definitions of refugee vs migrant status etc ? 
  actually , there is a book detailing swedens efforts in regards to norway and allied fighting , will find the link if needed . 
  the point is , yes you did some good stuff , but you also really helped f * ck is over . 
  you kind of played both sides . 
  the result being your country , infrastructure , banking and industry came out of the war in perfect health . 
  i do n't want to belittle the help you gave in terms of refugees etc , but the picture is far from one of a friendly neighbor when taken in its totality . 
  sweden has swedish interests firsts . 
  nothing wrong with that per se . 
  edit : yes you are correct to point out that sweden was also part of efforts that supported us . 
  upvote for that . 
  but as a norwegian , we have way to many stories about also your less then stellar performance in other regards - up to and including turning norwegian resistance fighters away at the border . 
  edit 2 : iphone autocorrect i hate you . . 
  from a norwegian to a dane : agreed , 
  historically sweden has been quite `` a dick '' though  campaigns in poland , russia , the baltics , etc etc , 
  something tells me the authors desired message will drown in the reasoned responses from his interviewees responses . 
  and portraying the majority of faces as only white might not exactly scare europeans today, 
  i think more people should read at least this part from your article :  the most important factor in gauging a society 's anti-semitism ( and `` anti '' attitude toward any minority group ) will always come down to one simple test : `` is it safe to walk down the street without fear of being molested ? '' in the poland of today this is a definitive `` yes . '' unfortunately , this is not the sentiment espoused by jewish communities in france , the united kingdom , belgium , the netherlands , parts of germany , or scandinavia . 
  tired of the whole `` poland are right wing anti semitic nuthouse '' narrative these days . 
  born in 73 . 
  i understand your feeling , 
  great thanks  i 've been to a few on the list , but a few places i have n't heard of . 
  will promptly test them out , 
  kind of my point  anecdote : i saw more jews traveling in and out of warsaw airport on a weekly basis for a few years then i think even live in sweden .
