  centralized power in today 's age , where we pretty much see time and time again that resilience is built by distribution , not centralization , is imho a mistake , both on the strategic level as well as the tactical . 
  for specifics , look at the layered approach to defense the swiss are doing . 
  edit : iphone autocorrect i hate thee . . edit 2 : as for efficiency , keep in mind that eu are so efficient they ca n't even decide where to keep their headquarters , thus moving back and forth . 
  not can they accept the basic shape and form of a cucumber without spending 100 of man hours debating . 
  hyperbole ? 
  yes . 
  but there are some truth in those words . . edit 3 : downvote ? 
  if you disagree , click reply . . downvote something you disagree with , but that is on-topic , factual , and even argued in good faith is poor reddiquette . 
  i 'd rather not give a tool of such a magnitude to a bunch of politicians and technocrats who 's affinity to basic democratic values can be disputed . 
  likely ? 
  but i see no win , and only potential downside - where potential is here meant strongly hypothetical . 
  well , you also have zlota 44 . 
  that is actually not the point of what i said - read again . 
  that is actually not the point of what i said - read again . 
  i actually really like the skyscrapers in wawa . 
  when i lived there , whenever i came home from my business trips ( 150 + travel days per year . . ) , sat in the taxi , went downtown and saw the towers i felt good - i felt home , 
  fair enough . 
  media likes their sensations . 
  so are these stories wrong then ? 
  [ hurriyet news ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkeys-constitutional-court-stirs-outrage-by-annulling-child-sex-abuse-clause.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=101607&amp;newscatid=509 ) [ aftonbladet ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article23337983.ab ), 
  so , kind of like the dnc hack ? 
  i 'd be fine with that . 
  dirty laundry is dirty regardless . 
  however , i do find the notion that a nations special services somehow felt above the political process , and trying to influence it within their own nation wildly scary ... the special services are there to support and serve the nation , not any particular party ... 
  just a small link to norwegian state televisions recent story about `` safe '' gr\u00f8nland : [ nrk ] ( https://www.nrk.no/dokumentar/xl/gatekampen-1.13007720 ) short gist of the story : far from safe . 
  actually , considering the wildly anti-democratic sentiments shared by some of `` better '' , i would fear an eu army . . let 's face it : the likelihood of say the dutch army firing upon its citizen is far less likely then if you send in say german or french troops . 
  i 'm not paranoid or saying that would happen , in just saying , in a strictly hypothetical scenario , that is the reality ( as indeed history has shown time and time again ) . 
  beautifully said . 
  short , and to the point . 
  i 'll drink to that . 
  i 'd only change the part with `` can be '' to `` should be '' . 
   frankly american interference is the only reason why we have n't been killing each other for the last 70 years err , i think there is a whole line of countries in the me who would like to talk to you about that statement . . or latin america - `` good neighbor '' and all that ... 
   some intelligence cooperation to suppress `` undesirable elements '' like the fn in france i 'd say that would be a pretty big deal : national intelligence services conspiring and repressing a legal democratic party . 
  i 'd say that would be problematic regardless of which party would have been the target of such actions . 
  to then add us participation would most definitely not pass the smell test . 
  i guess i was unclear . 
  what i meant was that even if we consider some parts `` the same '' , like germany-austria , there are apparently differences . 
  i used the architectural influences visible in poland and czech , but am pretty sure the influences and differences are greater then just that . 
  as the map showing sweden , norway and denmark as the same : we are similar , but there are significant differences as well , not only architecture but cultural , visible also in corporate culture etc. 
  same , yet different . ), 
  just an interesting point is all . 
  while true , i 'd say there are quite significant cultural differences though , visible in architecture etc. 
  i never really considered those diffences too much before i started spending time in czech , and recognized the austrian influences there , and compared to the german influences in silesia etc in poland . 
  same , but different , 
  i do n't discount `` our '' own recent history in this regard ; ira , eta , red army faction , or the occasional palestinian action spilling into europe . 
  but generally those actions were not of the kind that has as goal `` let 's kill as many civilians as possible '' , nor were they showing videotapes of beheadings etc. . terror is terror , but one does not have to be a genius to see that the current waves are of a quite different caliber then earlier . 
  edit : i see this gets downvoted , but seriously : can someone give me an example of a european terrorist attack in the style of bataclan , paris & hebdo attack ? 
  or nice ? 
  when was the last time eta stepped on a train and started hacking at people with an ax ? 
  they sure killed people , and no excuses for that , but there are material differences in their mo vs the current events we see today , and to say otherwise is in my book at least simply dishonest . 
  i 'll take ira/eta/raf over isis & affiliates any day . 
  sure . 
  although i 'm also aware that the number of entities owning said media is much smaller and fragmented then the number of media outlets would indicate , thus the number of `` voices '' tend to be a lot less diverse . 
  i am just going to reply to this with an anecdote : `` in a time long long ago '' in my native country , the newspapers would once a year do an article on the number of times the police would have had to arm themselves ( our police are generally unarmed ) , describing the incidents , number of shots fired in total , comparing to earlier years etc. 
  these articles would generally not long , and could in fact be easily counted . 
  today such an article would require a page count larger then the newspaper itself . 
  but sure , my memory is shit . 
  oh i have no trouble seeing that - trust me . 
  my point here is that while i abhor the me comflicts coming into our streets , there are in fact additional factors also adding to the mayhem . 
  might be related , might be increased acceptance of violence , might be a stronge focuse on short time preference and fame ... do n't know . 
  and as someone normally pretty quick to blame `` the religion that can not be named '' , that actually means something, 
  so , let 's limit voting rights ? 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  `` white revolution '' ... something tells me that would be the last thin soros would want ... 
  this !, 
  this is definitely a part of what i was alluding to . 
  yes , i believe we have an issue with a certain foreign culture in our midst , but that does not account for all we see these days . 
  there is most definitely something else additionally wrong in our own culture/society as well . 
  these are separate issues in my book , and will most likely need different approaches . 
  but the sum total is simple : more mayhem in our streets . 
  and i 'm sick of it . 
  itt : expressing that you are getting too tired of the shit happening and it 's frequency constitutes whining . 
  as i stated in my initial post , i 'm too tired to do my normal thing and start arguing for handling a subset of our immigrants differently then today . . 
  but please do n't push the poverty-terrorist theme ... it 's been so thoroughly disproved by now i ca n't stand seeing it ... 
  having been to st gallen myself in the early 90 's i can only agree . 
  it is a bizarre feeling when you read stuff like that later . 
  honestly no idea anymore . . 
  i mean : sure we have our `` usual suspects '' and i 'm normally pretty loud mouthed when it comes to solving that , but i 'm also seeing more and more cases of the more `` nut case '' variety , so obviously there is something truly wrong in our systems today ... all i know for sure is this : inaction has never solved anything ... edit : wording, 
  i 'm actually too tired of this shit happening i wo n't even make the standard lame jokes about unknown motive etc. . can we please try and fix this shit soon ? 
  or are we all supposed to just pretend it 's all normal and get on the subways , trains , buses , go to concerts etc and just * hope * this wo n't happen to us or our loved ones ? 
  even with the news cycles being what they are etc , those of us having lived longer then 20 years sure as hell remember a very different life and sense of security . 
  i will not argue this any longer - as it seems your mind is made up . 
  i will only address this : the transcript provided in the link is the official transcript . 
  some offices provide translations . 
  some do not . 
  it can however not be said that the official source is `` garbage '' . 
  that actually offends me a bit . 
  but be that as it may . 
  the post have been labeled . 
  life goes on , 
  considering i found the statement to be outrageous and that was the purpose of the post - shit source or not it is a clip from what i gather to be an official interview . 
  i believe the top comment , upvoted by yours truly as well , holds the direct translation of the relevant paragraphs . 
  every single question about context and source has been answered . 
  when posting the link i did not see where i could post additional info , hence link in immediate comments . 
  not uncommon on reddit ... 
  mislead in this context would be if the title somehow misrepresented what he says in the clip . 
  hard to misrepresent when it 's a verbatim quote of his statement . 
  to follow up on that , a full official transcript was given , to provide full context . 
  there is no misleading here . 
  the content of the post is a youtube video with the quote used as title .
