  i do n't see a change in rhetoric here - i see fumbling attempts of excuses to try and distance themselves from previously held `` obvious truths '' . 
  if one was to take the responsibility-one would leave . 
  eta : ledarsidorna.se have covered all of those `` excuses '' quite well already and i do n't the i can give a better response then they nod the comments there have already done . 
  indeed  i 'd pay good money to see all political parties in each parliament in dk/se/no in a single debate - would be gold  norway and denmark are not that different , but , the danish is as i said , in my opinion , even more open . 
  ok , i will respond to this one , though your tone clearly does not do you any favors here . . 1 . 
  i believe i have quite clearly said why i consider the recent changes in these policies ( and let me remind you , we started with general arguments about media , not immigration policies ) to be not sufficient - but simply a delay strategy 2 . 
  i also believe i 've said i recognize current changes 3 . 
  my anecdote was to point out the absurdity of the situation , and i highlighted the length of my experience in this to make it even more redundantly clear how absurd it is for someone like me , having travelled alone , without passport since a child ... 
  the rest of your response i will leave alone as i find it willfully ignorant of the points i 've raised, 
  i will just point to what luckyio says right below . 
  i think we are not seeing a shedding of old held truths for reality but rather an attempt to try and delay/continue the charade a bit longer , hoping for a solution that will allow them to not admit their culpability but i hope you are correct . 
  yes . 
  but you can never do the change without discarding the old `` absolute truths '' . 
  and i think this is still a major missing piece . 
  actually i think , compared to sweden and norway it is probably the most open - read : most diverse in range of opinions being put forward and the most healthy in terms of responses : less name-calling , more arguments . 
  it was quite interesting to see the swedish-danish debate a year + back , it highlighted the differences in argumentation quite well i think . 
  i will answer this by an anecdote . 
  as someone who has crossed the borders sweden/denmark/norway more then i can count annually since mid 70 's ( i 'm getting old . . ) , i had the `` pleasure '' of crossing from denmark to sweden a few times early this year . 
  now imagine the absurdity of standing in line in denmark to show my norwegian passport to an immigrant ( read : not european descent ) to cross the bridge to sweden . 
  all this due to rules implemented by a government in sweden that just weeks earlier said there are no limits and that norway/denmark are horrible countries for not letting more immigrants in . 
  i am well aware of the changes , yet i see them as nothing more then cosmetic . 
  i see no change in the rhetoric , nor acceptance that the other nordic countries responses were indeed correct . 
  the denial is still strong . 
  we will see - my trust in politicians in general is below zero - my opinions on swedish politicians even more so  it does give me some pleasure though to see the verbal contortions some of them are giving these days to defend positions they only a year back ( and for an entire decade before that ) held to be self-evident and would never change , 
  to paraphrase a famous quote : you can ignore reality but not its consequences it does not make me feel better . 
  i guess i just wish things were different - do n't we all ? 
  and then you might perhaps see the problem : if your very closest neighbors definitions places something to the left and `` you '' puts them on the right , we might have a problem in terms of left/right and extreme/not-extreme - making any real debate meaningless eta : in short : to have a meaningful debate we need to have a common understanding of at least the basic definitions - and we obviously no longer share those . 
  as someone having spent years and years in norway and denmark ( apart from 18 years in sweden ) , i truly have to say that debate has a very different meaning for me . 
  there is no debate of substance in sweden in my opinion . 
  but that is : ot and again : my personal opinion ( just a small note : by swedish standards danish and norwegian social democrats would be considered right wing extremists , and i will never forget when even the norwegian sv - sosialistisk venstreparti - in norway actually went out in defence of frp and denounced swedish medias portrayal of them ), 
  gp i will accept ( they have a few honest journalists , rare as they may be ) . 
  sydsvenskan however , not so much . . 
  personal opinion of course . 
  actually i just replied to the comment about not making a big deal about right-wing . 
  but then again , what swedish media could one call credible these days ? 
  i will allow that dn at least ca n't be described as inconsequential in the swedish media , but trust ? 
  the only thing i trust less then a politician is a journalist . 
  and the only thing i trust less than a a journalist is a swedish journalist , 
  impressive . 
  i 'm almost tempted to give you gold here . 
  i 've been told many things in my life , simplistic is not one of them . 
  abuse : a popular word these days . 
  limiting speech , in a fancier suit . 
  be careful what you wish for , you may get it . 
  when i grew up the mantra was : all ideas/viewpoints on the table , counter the bad ones with better arguments . 
  today the mantra is : the messenger is more important then the message . 
  and dissenting views outside of the acceptable ( aka `` overton window '' ) should be banned . 
  i know what the path leads to , do you ? 
  eta : and please tell me how technocratic government can be considered democratic ? 
  if the technocrats were elected they would by the very definition be elected officers , thus no longer technocrats . 
  eus fascination with technocratic government last few years have indeed been that they can act without political costs to the parties themselves ... 
  nor can i make you see that attaching the word democratic to technocracy does not make it democratic in neither nature nor change definition . 
  for all its flaws , to date infringing democracy has never produced pleasant results for the populace . 
  thus anything advocating limiting of dissemination of news ( democracy requires a well educated populace ) , media , dissenting views or as in your case , the democratic rule itself will always be considered negative in my view . 
  my assertion that you are anti-democratic is based on your reply :  ideally , decisions should be taken by specialists . 
  and  i 'm for an democratically accepted technocracy . 
  technocracy can be described as many things , but adding the word democratic to it reminds me a bit of `` dprk '' . 
   `` not something very dear to my hearth '' only because you do n't understand it . 
  democracy is pretty well defined term ( and rarely implemented ) . 
  even here in europe , most countries already have limited democratic systems , `` representative democracy '' . 
  an example to illustrate my point here would be the state/eu responses to a variety of referendums not going `` their '' way over the last decade . 
  a referendum is , by its very definition democratic . 
  it may not be ideal , it may not be good . 
  but it * is * democratic . 
  more so then any parliamentary decision ever made . 
  anyone speaking for implementing further limitations on democracy clearly does not have the concept of democracy and liberty close to heart . 
  actually , your words are kind of in line with erdogans ( in ) famous qoute :  democracy is like a train , he said ; you get off once you have reached your destination [ source ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/special-report/21689877-mr-erdogans-commitment-democracy-seems-be-fading-getting-train ), 
  or people who try to make a point that the anyone given the power to determine such things would hold immense power - and just perhaps it might not be a good idea to give anyone such power ? 
  actually is is very much on subject , as it goes to the very heart of the matter : do `` we '' trust people to make decisions by themselves , or do we need an `` enlightened '' leadership to provide for us ? 
  or in other words : are you a free man or a vassal ? 
  i can clearly read from your comments here :  ideally , decisions should be taken by specialists . 
  and  i 'm for an democratically accepted technocracy . 
  that the concept of freedom/liberty is not something very dear to your heart . 
  valid position to hold , but lets not pretend its about democracy ? 
  what you propose has another word , which is not related to democracy in any way shape or form . 
  then you have perhaps not been paying too much attention ? 
  a few links : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/feb/13/european-far-right-on-the-rise-how-to-tackle https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/nov/15/far-right-threat-europe-integration netherlands : according to new europe , in leeuwarden , `` about twenty opponents of the plans [ to establish asylum centers ] in the region received police visits at home . '', 
  https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2016/01/20/u-twittert-wel-heel-veel-zei-de-politie-1578392-a269897 uk : https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/feb/16/man-arrested-facebook-posts-syrian-refugees-scotland germany : in germany , a married couple , peter and melanie m. , were prosecuted in a criminal trial for creating a facebook group that criticized the government 's migration policy . 
  https://www.merkur.de/lokales/dachau/vierkirchner-ehepaar-wegen-hetze-gegen-fluechtlinge-facebook-verurteilt-6548310.html in germany , being critical of migrants and the government 's migrant policies can have other draconian consequences . 
  in september 2015 , die welt reported that people who air `` xenophobic '' views on social media , risk losing the right to see their own children . 
  there need not even be a criminal offense for a court to consider the child 's welfare to be endangered and to restrict the parents ' right to see his or her child or to order `` an educator '' present during a meeting between parent and child , who can `` intervene as required . '', 
  it is also possible to forbid certain actions , expressions or meetings in the presence of the child . 
  as a last resort , the court can take the child out of the parent 's care entirely . 
  https://www.welt.de/finanzen/verbraucher/article146904927/nach-hetze-ist-das-umgangsrecht-in-gefahr.html it is not even relevant whether those comments are criminal according to german law . 
  even a comment that is not punishable under german law can push a parent over the `` critical limit . '', 
  it is not crucial whether the act is criminal , but whether it `` influences '' the child in a way that endangers its welfare . 
  if a court establishes that the child 's welfare is at risk , the parent may have his or her rights of access to the child initially limited . 
  do you trust them to vote ? 
  lets not forget powells presentation of `` proofs '' of iraqi wmds in the un ... 
  fake news ? 
  how about outright lies and going to actual war ? 
  i 'd like to see what the fine for that would be ? 
  sow the wind , reap the whirlwind . 
  ignore the nationalists , reap the ultra-nationalists . 
  you will i fear one day learn what true fascism looks like and realise just how wrong you were today . 
  the `` centre '' has moved so far to the left these days , that even `` hard core liberals '' from 40 years ago would have been called fascists/nazis/racists today . 
  if the potential consequences of this was not so severe , it would have been hilarious . 
  but then again , when the pendulum swings ( as it always does ) , i 'm sure most of the people today screaming fascists left & right will ( as usual ) stand behind the new leadership as its most ardent supporters ( as always : sheep follow ) , and the people you consider fascists today will be considered left-wing scum/appeasers . 
  reminds me a bit of the ( most likely fabricated ) quote , paraphrased here : `` the fascists of tomorrow will wear the guise of anti-fascists '' . 
   germany does conform to eu law , and does it share with responsibility .
