  hope that does n't trigger their sensitive selves in this new , refreshing age of honesty . 
  ah yes : indeed . 
  projection at its finest . 
   the reality being unsuccessful , miserable people love shifting the blame onto other issues of far lesser importance and significance to excuse themselves from having to face that first and foremost they are responsible for their personal living situations , which they are usually dissatisfied with . 
  no matter how hard you try to meme it , refugees and immigrants are n't a premier life shaping force for 99 % of europeans and the most vocal anti-refugee people tend to be ones who least ( read : not at all ) experience their presence . 
  fantastic straw man - almost beautiful . 
  you sure got me there : unsuccessful , miserable , and always looking for an excuse . 
  ps you ever heard the term `` projection '' ? 
  edit : added full quote - just in case another post gets deleted, 
  although an interesting reply - i will grant you that - it is still incorrect . 
  the argument made , that i replied to is simply this : `` we cant say with any level of certainty that immigrants did this '' . 
  and i replied , showing that we can indeed with a very high level of certainty say that was the case . 
  not 100 % but still a very very high probability . 
  i also pointed out the stupidy in arguing like that , as indeed `` you know it , i know , we all know it '' . 
  we may all be wrong , but we all know it . 
  so , in short : my `` offense '' here is simply one of informing that you can very well speak of things not 100 % sure ( trust me , life would be very quiet if we could not ) , and that the probability in this instance is so high its actually even * ridiculous * to try and argue otherwise . 
  heh , polish language - and orthography - kills me , 
  you would be surprised i think the amount of `` forecasting '' - statistical models , probability calculations , the sheer amount of people working in various sciences etc to enhance said models going into police work these days . 
  i wont even mention the value of these tools in terms of counter-terrorism . . forecasting , or rather , understanding probability , is always a good thing . 
  on a personal level , these are the tools that do , can , or should help alleviate risk as you go through life . 
  to ignore obvious patterns are thus equal to introducing unneeded risk into your own life . 
  or those you care for . 
  in the old days , we heard from our parents : dont take candy from strangers . 
  etc etc. . will cut this argument short to not write a novel here ... of course we all wait for facts . 
  that does not mean you 're not allowed to make an assessment before . 
  and in light of the seriousness of the behaviour in question , i 'd venture and say it would be downright irresponsible for us to our sisters , daughters to not make a judgement - i 've gone to great lengths myself trying to educate my ( much ) younger sister that it is better to err on the safe side in these matters . . eta :  making investments , laws and business decisions has to be beforehand . 
  blaming someone for a crime should absolutely not . 
  actually , it has more to do with crime prevention . 
  although i think you 're wrong , i will upvote your reply for being a good one  made me smile , and it was intelligent . 
  i think my initial comment was clear enough - i made no judgements , i simply made a valid observation of the probability . 
  you then try and make the argument :  is it likely ? 
  perhaps . 
  is it certain ? 
  until then it is pointless to bring immigrants up . 
  now let me break this down :  is it likely ? 
  perhaps . 
  well answered by my comment : `` you know it , i know , we all know it '' . 
  we may be all incorrect in our initial assessment , but we all do the very same assessment . 
   is it certain ? 
  that is indeed the very nature of an assessment/judgement/estimate . 
  we try and and assess the probability of something , make sense of something . 
  we can base this assessment on `` gut-feeling '' , ideology , religous conviction , statistics , anekdotes , personal experience ( which acts as a cross between `` personally experienced facts '' and `` emotionally experienced events '' ) . 
  is it 100 % ? 
  but we act upon it ( every day ) . 
  and to deny the validity of statistical patterns is really to undercut much of the underpinnings of several of our modern sciences , not to mention active governmental work in terms of policies etc. 
   until then it is pointless to bring immigrants up . 
  let the record show , my initial comment was a response to someone making a point of keeping immigrants out of the arguments . 
  i did not bring them up , but when someone says `` keep them out '' - and again , pointing to my earlier arguments to the statistical probability of the perpetrators , i think i have shown constraint and moderation , by simply proving just how invalid such an argument was . 
  impressive counter argument - i stand corrected . 
  ok , sorry - earlier my flair showed both norwegian and polish flags . 
  might have changed since then perhaps . 
  a simple look at my comment/post history would most definitely show you i live in poland though , 
  love it  lived here in the mid 90s due to work , moved back 2006 , by choice . 
  i still spend a lot of time abroad due to work/projects , but poland is home , 
   when it comes to casting blame or issuing verdicts for crimes , definitely . 
  i 'm sure professors of criminology would love to talk to you about your ideas here , as you in that single statement have pretty much invalidated their entire body of work . 
  also , you might want to get in touch with various legal bodies , as their works in turn tends to rely on such things . . oh , and the entire `` preventive work '' our various political , governmental and police bodies do are apparently also a complete waste of time and money - since we have no idea of who may become criminal or not . 
   nice straw man . 
  how do you find a straw man in that argument ? 
  that was simple extrapolation of the argument you made ? 
   i suggest you work on your reading comprehension . 
  and i suggest you try and be more consistent and accept the full consequences of the arguments you make . 
  eta : added the `` preventive work '' argument . 
  so , if i understand you correctly : we should always wait until all facts have been laid out before we make any active decisions , judgements , or take any action ? 
  also , that we should ignore any statistical patterns , there is no such thing as probability , nor does it hold any value ? 
  when i walk alone , down town , in a dark alley , and see 4-5 `` less upstanding members of society taking an obvious interest in observing me and my movements '' , i should simply ignore the probability of this being a bad decision on my behalf , and assume all will be good . 
  there are words to describe what you want to achieve here : ignorant , delusional being but two of them . 
  hardly  simply proficient and not a mindless fool . 
  err , you do you realize i actually live in poland , right ? 
  and for the record , have lived here for some 10 + year now ? 
  patterns , probability and statistics unrelevant ? 
  again , too lazy to write again , so copy & paste : you are aware of the concept of forecasting right ? 
  to judge the probability of something without knowing all the facts , and making a judgement based on the facts known ? 
  allowing of course for the fact that such judgement may be incorrect , but is `` best effort '' ? 
  in that same vein , i do hope you realize a lot of work , analytical and even political , is indeed based on research , statistics and similar , that , while not covering 100 % , are still considered `` good enough '' to take actions , be it in terms of investments , law making , or business decisions . . 
  so , when one tries to undermine a pattern as obvious as the one in question , one should realize that probably most of the laws passed , policies made , and investment decisions carried out in the last year alone have been made with a much lesser degree of certainty and probability then this . 
  you are aware of the concept of forecasting right ? 
  to judge the probability of something without knowing all the facts , and making a judgement based on the facts known ? 
  allowing of course for the fact that such judgement may be incorrect , but is `` best effort '' ? 
  in that same vein , i do hope you realize a lot of work , analytical and even political , is indeed based on research , statistics and similar , that , while not covering 100 % , are still considered `` good enough '' to take actions , be it in terms of investments , law making , or business decisions . . 
  so , when one tries to undermine a pattern as obvious as the one in question , one should realize that probably most of the laws passed , policies made , and investment decisions carried out in the last year alone have been made with a much lesser degree of certainty and probability then this . 
  i 'm too lazy , so i 'll just copy & paste my reply to another poster here : ok , i understand your concerns , i do . 
  and i applaud your loyalty to your beliefs . 
  but lets face it . 
  you know it , i know , we all know it . 
  the pattern is too consistent , across countries , for a too long time , for not everyone to know whats up . 
  whenever we hear this kind of sh-t , chances are 99.999 that we are talking about me guys . 
  dont we have assh-les ? 
  sure . 
  dont european guys do sh-t too ? 
  sure . 
  but like this ? 
  the probability is simply to large to ignore at this point . 
  as someone dealing in statistics on a daily basis professionally , i can only say this : i would be considered incompetent if i ignored a pattern so blatantly obvious , and fired for cause . 
  dont let your ideals blind the reality you live in . 
  i see some comment that this is an every-year kind of thing , and that people are used to it . 
  while i understand the sentiment , i 'd just like to point out this is still a rather new thing , i actually remember the first year this took off , i believe around 2005 , and made headlines world wide . 
  so , while correct it is a `` normal '' occurence today , it is still indeed a rather new development . 
  also , there are reports of the number of cars being torched being significantly higher then 650 . 
  from [ the telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/01/02/almost-1000-cars-torched-around-france-new-years-eve-government/ ) :  vandals in france torched 945 parked cars over new year 's eve in an arson rampage that has become a sinister annual `` tradition '' and amid a row over whether the government had sought to play down the figures .
