  i know , and so do most people i suspect , even the very journalists themselves regardless of how much they wish it was n't so , who and why . 
  the story is pretty much the same e-v-e-r-y time . 
  but hey , let 's talk about traffic accidents instead . . 
  are you telling me not all polish women are special ? 
  to be honest , i like to think i 'm a strong net positive , and if anything have generated a few jobs but thanks . 
   the women : what do you made me stay the first time ? 
  a bait i will not take , 
  depends on their home country of course , but one thing i 've found is that a lot of ppl , especially in northern and western europe live on somewhat of a bubble , where they are not able to see a lot of the issues , democratic deficits , constraints in basic freedom either by laws , or threats plaguing their own countries . 
  see above , 
  long story . 
  also , looking back today my reasons for staying are far from those when i left . 
  language : single hardest thing i have ever tried to do , still is  hdi , and other common metrics , are just a common metric , trying to quantify something which i guess in the end ca n't really be measured . . i am in many ways more free here , yet i recognize how life , for others , might be better there - if that makes sense ? 
  edit : my flair : still norwegian , ca n't change that . 
  just like 50 years in japan will never make me japanese . 
  looks like it , 
  living here for 8 years , having left scandinavia and with no plans to return , all i can say is : if this is a police state sign me up - that and the ppl saying so should really take a look at their own countries  edit : here , not there, 
  yup - it 's getting dusty in here . . 
  [ there is a city !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejd2rsxoqsi ) gets me every time i see it . . must be too much dust in the office ... 
  when will we see the first article titled `` its not feminist-vegan-genderuncertain-depressed-highlyeducated-in-nonsense-trying-to-show-the-world-how-progressive-he-she-it-xer-is that makes you stupid . 
  it 's you for spending even 1 minute reading the tripe '' ? 
  edit : actually , the part that worries me is why oh why do i even have to listen to this ? 
  in a sane world this `` person '' would have been committed ... today ? 
  gets published ... 
  just . . no ... words ... 
  plenty of down votes - hey , must be a swedish psyop !, 
  - seriously though : consider that the swedish media in scandinavia is already considered a joke ... 
  even by their peers . . 
  if that was sarcasm , i 'd actually give you some gold !, 
  thank you though , have n't laughed that hard in a long while :d, 
  not so sure actually . 
  i do know of a case in northern sweden where some `` new friends '' apparently decided the daughter of a a member of the local hunting club was fair game . 
  rumor had it he was stopped on the way out to `` fix '' the problem fully armed . 
  point being : at some point people will demand retribution and the current perception of the states unwillingness to `` do something '' is not really helpful . 
  not saying it will be right , but the human condition being what it is , one would have to be a fool to not expect some response soon . 
  and that is indeed the danger . 
  if the state ca n't uphold its part of the social contract , physical security , people will secure themselves . 
  it 's only a matter of time . 
  so i truly wish the states step up their game ... 
  people writing stuff swedish establishment does not like . . must be russian propaganda . . sure ... 
  and a toast to our hungarian brothers , 
  misplaced, 
  yea ... like a bunch of guys holding back the boyfriend so he can only watch as they finger bang his gf ... that kind of groping . . no big deal right ? 
  sorry , might have misread you . 
  i read your comment as `` her actions are responsible '' where responsible was translated as good , well measured etc. 
  you might have meant resposible as in `` the results rests on her '' . 
  if so , i quite agree , 
  err ... there 's 1000 + women in cologne who might want to have a word with you about merkel and the use of the word `` responsible '' ... and i 'm going to be nice and not mention the axe `` incident '' , munich `` accident '' nor the first suicide bomber in germany . . 
  charles martell , el cid , jan sobieski , urban iii and quite a few other notable europeans would really ( !! ), 
  like to have a word with the author of that piece . . 
  i. . do n't ... even ... my initial reaction was just a big laugh and wondering what they smoke in that office - obviously some grade a stuff . . 
  but then i actually got sad - there are people that willfully ignorant and yet they somehow manage to get publicized - apparently the will to be deceived is still going strong . . 
  you are correct . 
  in fact , as time goes by , i am indeed counting on just that aspect . 
  and few have ever managed to commit atrocities in an even industrial scale as europeans . 
  never forget : civilization is nought but a thin veneer over barbarism, 
  no government official has been ousted due to too many traffic accidents nor cancer . 
  european history shows us government officials being hanged due to not fulfilling the first paragraph of the social contract : keep your people physically safe . 
  read that as you wish . 
  that was a one beautiful comment , 
  i 'm talking about national newspapers, 
  actually it is indeed a need to trivialize , downplay the significance of current events . 
  people are getting restless , and the politicians have no real response beyond `` get used to it '' . 
  and heaven forbid someone would ever make the connection between these events and the recent influx of new `` friends '' . . over the least year we 've gone from vigils , sermons , and other fluffy feel-good assertions that all is ok , to the most absurd excuses and `` no known motive '' . 
  hell , an 84yo priest beheaded/slaughtered in france and norwegian news buried it like 15 articles down ... 
  in france ? 
  pretty sure, 
  thank you for the complement . 
  no , no it 's all through a healthy diet and regular exercises . 
  that was indeed my point . 
  a yes . . let 's accept that we have walking killing machines amongst us . . hell , lets even fund them , as , after all , in raw numbers traffic accidents kill more . 
  keep telling yourself that . . in fact , once it 's your wife/daughter/friends being slaughtered in the streets , i am sure you can find comfort knowing it means nothing statistically compared to the number of traffic/kitchen/bathroom accidents ... 
  seems so . . and that is without even discussing that even the ira/eta etc had a very different modus operandum , typically calling in a warning ahead etc , whereas our new `` friends '' are hellbent on maximum casualties ... cunts are cunts , true . 
  but even in that screwed up sub-group there seems to be degrees . 
  not to mention , pretty sure no irish communities celebrated in the streets hearing of bombing civilians ever . . 
  you know it 's a shitty time when people have to resort to tell stories about how much worse it was 20-40 years ago , instead of considering the simple fact : for the last 20 years life in europe have been rather ok ; no mass-sexual assaults , gang-rapes pretty much unheard of , terror in streets not even on the radar ... 
  seriously , i have a hard time swallowing this desperate need to trivialize , and somehow try to sell the idea , notion that this shit we see today blowing up all over the place , bombs , shootings , massacres , hell even the depravity and torture ( bataclan ) , is somehow `` not a big deal '' ... 
  i sure hope for those celebrating this that they 're not using us poll firms - given the current track records of pretty much all polls and `` political expert '' commentators from the last year . 
  oh , and not swedish political poll firms either , which have proven to consistently miss ( sd ) pretty regarding much as big as their us counterparts . . 
  also true , and that , again , speaks volumes about their character ( or rather lack there of ) . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  i actually consider comments like that enlightening : it tells me all i need to know about the other persons world view and character . 
  i thus later feel free to disregard any call to morality/character/standards / principles from said person ever . 
  and here i was , always sure it was the reptilian shape-shifters . . crap . . got it all wrong again . 
  if you 'd taken the time to read my comments in this thread , i think you 'd know that i should logically be well aware of the various stats you allude to . 
  and i am also sure we could agree at least to the primary drivers on said trends - albeit after a few stupid hyperbolic posts each regarding the fundamental drivers ( key words : work displacement , entry job barriers , perceived and real poverty etc etc ) . 
  the part you miss there though is this : most statistics trying to place demos in terms of party affiliation etc have over the last decade shown to be increasingly unreliable . 
  and i 'm not just talking about the entire us show last year , but across europe as well . 
  we are now at the point were polls etc have pretty much become meaningless . 
  likewise most of our governmental statistical departments have also increasingly missed on pretty much anything related to crime , immigration and a few other key indicators of societal health . 
  these are in fact the things that worry me more then most , as issues here spreads throughout the `` system '' . 
  the only thing worse then no data is wrong data . 
  i would like to point out your use of the word `` nobodies '' really does you no favour if you try and speak from a point of `` tolerance '' though , 
   who said anything about you ? 
  well , since your reply was to my post , it would not take much to infer that the attribution of various less-then-desirable adjectives was directed to me . 
   i was talking about general trends , where it 's widely known that such political leanings directly correlate with being rural , un ( der ) educated , - employed and - earning and being older than the general population . 
  ah yes , the `` uneducacted '' , the `` deplorables '' . . 
  if you really believe that to be the case , i think you may have a harder awakening ahead of you . 
  of course , i can only speak anecdotally but as someone moving in a variety on environments , i will say this : your labelling here is sorely misguided . 
   but since the age of political correctness has finally ended we can just call these people whitetrash .
