  in short - the title contains the full content and source in title . 
  link to full transcript from where the clip comes from are given in the comments , to provide context and avoid `` out of context '' arguments . 
  as i said : the title contains : his own words . 
  and is directly followed by the full transcript for context . 
  i really do n't see how one can argue misleading . 
  with the full transcript linked ? 
  as for misleading : title is the quote itself . 
  juncker : 38.8 % good ?!? 
  not sure if i should be impressed or depressed ? 
  i gave a link to the full transcript of the speech . 
  how is that `` leaving out the context '' ? 
  can the media please make up the their mind ? 
  one day we are supposed to be outraged by turkeys action and throw them out of nato . 
  the next we supposed to be shocked and horrified that turkey might be cozying up to putin and horror-of-horrors leave nato . 
  and now , we 're back at kicking them out again ? 
  great argument . 
  lets talk abort the poster and not the content nor the arguments made . 
  context : i link to the official entire transcript . 
  how much more context can you get ? 
  truth : looking at my answers to vertical in this thread , am i not arguing a case ? 
  i might be right or wrong , but i am arguing , am i not ? 
  edit : or are we now there where the only debates to be had are between approved posters on approved subjects , using of course only approved arguments ? 
  and if so : who gets to decide what and who is approved ? 
  lets see : one side of the argument argues content , the other hurls insults not only against the opposing side , but an entire nation . 
  yup , must be dumb . 
  edit : by the way , is n't calling an entire nation and its ethic populace racism ? 
  but surely a globalist like you ca n't be racist right ? 
  reading comprehension :0 / 10 . 
  would insult again . 
  yup . 
  let 's hope if you ever are in that spot , you will have learned enough to ensure you do n't say something incredibly stupid that is bound to be misused later . 
  i see the irony and stone in glasshouse reference was wasted on you . 
  so , since it seems you have a `` let 's insult people base on nationality day '' today : how 's the gold storage business doing ? 
  any more big settlements paid out , or still in plus ? 
  edit : i have nothing but respect for switzerland and the swiss . 
  this poster above however : not so much, 
  because the basic premise is this : the politicians work for the people . 
  not the other way around . 
  if a politicians agenda goes counter to what the populace wishes , it is he who is the problem , not the people . 
  politicians are free , as we all are , to try and win public support for his agenda . 
  but without it , he should not be able to move forward . 
  of course if one do n't believe in democracy this entire argument is invalid . 
  edit : we have quite a few examples in history where the people were considered a problem by the ruling elites . 
  typically referred to as revolutions . 
  err , judging by your flair : are you really sure you want to throw stones around you about benefitting from globalism ? 
  i believe k3ell0r gave a full translation of the relevant question and answer . 
  the full interview i 've not seen translated . 
  ah yes - when the people vote wrong - they are stupid . 
  anyone not agreeing with the eu concept are illiterate peasants . 
  got it . 
  will now go and change line of work , hand in my transcripts and find a farm . 
  i do n't think so . 
  as i said earlier :  i still sit with the impression that he tries to say that there is a need for work to be done from eu side towards the people . 
  which leaves me with the questions i raised above . 
  that the people have not understood . 
  edit : even if you are right , and again im not fluent but i suppose you are : a sentence like that could never ever even enter my min without my mind without a huge mental picture of marie antoinette and thus ensure i would never have uttered them ... 
  i 'll just refer to my replies to vertical19, 
  eu 's 1s commandment : `` thou shall not have any sexual preference '' ? 
  one could argue semantics but no : his reply that the elites are not the problem , the people are is too strong and should , nay , needed to be addressed directly . 
  have an upvote . 
  your response was levelheaded and imho quite good, 
  i have , and i still ca n't find his answer to comforting . 
  granted , i 'm not fluent in german , and there might be something somewhere in some earlier passage that might make that quote sound better . 
  i still sit with the impression that he tries to say that there is a need for work to be done from eu side towards the people . 
  which leaves me with the questions i raised above . 
  that the people have not understood . 
  consider this : if i had conducted said interview , a good follow up question would have been `` what if the people have understood , and are still rejecting the eu proposition ? 
  what if it is the elites who have not understood their peoples wishes ? '', 
  regsrdless , i think we can both agree however , that those are words he surely regrets using today . 
  also : out of context ? 
  i give a link to the entire freaking transcript . 
  how much more context do you want ? 
  respected by the elites for sure . 
  not so much much from what i 've seen . 
  so , the people are the problem , as they are afraid ? 
  the people are thus what ? 
  ignorant ? 
  our elites are not and understand but we the people do n't ? 
  i do . 
  the quote is too beautiful too ignore though edit : - and i fail to see how that statement could ever be seen in a positive light ? 
  edit 2 : despite the downvotes . . please tell me how this response is not belittling of the ordinary citizens , i.e. 
  * not the elites * ? 
  [ full speech ] ( http://www.bundespraesident.de/shareddocs/reden/de/joachim-gauck/interviews/2016/160619-bericht-aus-berlin-interview.html ), 
  impressive . 
  perhaps time the politicians and the elite elects a new people . 
  edit : [ full speech ] ( http://www.bundespraesident.de/shareddocs/reden/de/joachim-gauck/interviews/2016/160619-bericht-aus-berlin-interview.html ), 
  drunk men reply : we need more cats, 
  sounds a hell of a lot better then what our current regimes are doing , 
  true i guess . 
  when i say sweden i typically think of malm\u00f6 or gothenburg - 2 cities where it would be ill-advised to not be observant of your surroundings . 
  anecdotal certainly but the stats seem to back the sentiment up . 
  edit : a word . 
  damn you auto-correct . . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  what do you mean by slave labor ? 
  true . 
  i lived here for a while , then returned every year or so , before i finally moved back . 
  the change was , and still is , amazing to watch . 
  and quite educational . 
  not the physical aspects , but the cultural .
