  do n't you see how ridiculous this gets ? 
  they damned themselves , in their own words . 
  nothing can change that . 
  even if it turned out assange himself was a devil-worshipping pedophile nazi , it would not change a single word written by hrc , and today readable by us all . 
  nothing can change that . 
  nothing . 
  throw all the doubts around you want . 
  the truth remains : * those are her own words *, 
  as for hacking and leaking the republicans ; considering this years campaign , i 'm pretty sure that would make for some truly epic reading  ) ), 
  an agenda , or lack of impartiality does not detract from the veracity of the leaks them selves . 
  or in other words : just because assange hates hillarys face , does not in any way change the fact the she is complicit in corruption , and that the dnc themselves have been party to further `` less then perfect '' conduct , as proven by their very own email correspondance . 
  i dont care who or why it was released , because in the end , that does not change the * facts given by their own emails * . 
  edit : just wanted to add , wether they hack or dont hack ( personally i dont think this is hacking , but insider relase , but thats neither here nor there ) others , as again : it does not change the facts we have already been presented with . 
  facts dont change due to who tells them . 
  please please provide me with a link for that one - i have a few friends who need to see that one !, 
  might shut them up too , 
  thanks for the headsup  also : i read your 1st comment as : `` we have always been at war with eastasia '', 
  hang on a sec . . are you actually trying to say that the top heads of the dnc stepped down volontarily ? 
  to hurt hrc ? 
  i dont know what you 're smoking but please , let me try some of that ?!? 
  from my earlier comment :  would you mind clarifying that statement ? 
   1 ) are you saying the dnc leaked emails are fake ? 
   or  2 ) are you simply disproving of the leak itself ? 
   if the latter , that can be understood , if the former , then please tell me why everyone is screaming , including the fbi , that dnc was hacked ? 
  if the leaks would be fake , i 'm fairly certain that no-one would resign/be forced to step down , and the focus would be on the fact that the leaks were fakes . . that you did not answer yet . . and later :  thats the thing that irritates me though . . 
  i keep hearing this days how wikileaks/assange is no longer credible , or that they/he are in bed with the russians etc. . yet no one talks about the actual contents of the latest leaks , and more importantly , if the leaks were indeed fake , there would be no need to point out that they are no longer credible , as dnc/clinton etc would have made assange & co a laughing stock . . of course the leaks are real ... which makes this entire charade of talking about lack of credibility intellectually dishonest on a whole new level ... embarassing really . . 
  thats the thing that irritates me though . . 
  i keep hearing this days how wikileaks/assange is no longer credible , or that they/he are in bed with the russians etc. . yet no one talks about the actual contents of the latest leaks , and more importantly , if the leaks were indeed fake , there would be no need to point out that they are no longer credible , as dnc/clinton etc would have made assange & co a laughing stock . . of course the leaks are real ... which makes this entire charade of talking about lack of credibility intellectually dishonest on a whole new level ... embarassing really . . 
  again , considering the length clinton and the us administration has gone to , to basically silence him , is this surprising ? 
  and more importantly , does it detract from the truth of what he has and continues to expose ? 
  if anything , what you are saying is that he is exposing to much ( i.e. 
  not filtering out info that is unrelated and potentially hurtful for innocent 3rd parties ) . 
  but the veracity of his leaks remains the same . 
  and yet we find ourselves discussing the form , or medium , or methods for extracting this damning information , instead of discussing the information itself : hrc 's corruption , dns 's complicity in corruption etc etc. . 
  im not going to comment on the article itself , but rather on the amusing fact that this `` darling '' of the left , assange and wikileaks , `` persecuted by the cia '' etc etc just a few years ago , now , from the very same media outposts , just a few days after a series of seriously damaging leaks related to hillary clinton and the dnc is renounced in every way , shape and form . 
  i guess its true , the revolution always eats its own . 
  * brings more popcorn * edit : wikileaks , not wikipedia . . damn you autocorrect . . 
  would you mind clarifying that statement ? 
  1 ) are you saying the dnc leaked emails are fake ? 
  or 2 ) are you simply disproving of the leak itself ? 
  if the latter , that can be understood , if the former , then please tell me why everyone is screaming , including the fbi , that dnc was hacked ? 
  if the leaks would be fake , i 'm fairly certain that no-one would resign/be forced to step down , and the focus would be on the fact that the leaks were fakes . . 
   did something happen ? 
  probably . 
  will we ever know for sure ? 
  probably not . 
  are we talking about the same thing here ? 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal )  widespread organised child sexual abuse took place in rotherham , south yorkshire , england , between 1997 and 2013 . 
  local investigations into the abuse began in 1999 , although some reports were never finalised or made public by the authorities . 
  [ 1 ] in 2010 , five men of pakistani heritage were found guilty of a series of sexual offences against girls as young as twelve . 
  [ 2 ] a subsequent investigation by the times reported that the child sex exploitation was much more widespread , and the home affairs select committee criticised the south yorkshire police force and rotherham metropolitan borough council for their handling and covering up of the abuse . 
   an independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in the town , led by professor alexis jay , was established in 2013 for rotherham council . 
  [ 3 ] the inquiry 's initial report , published on 26 august 2014 , condemned the failure of the authorities in rotherham to act effectively against the abuse and even , in some cases , to acknowledge that it was taking place . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] the report estimated that 1,400 children had been sexually abused in the town between 1997 and 2013 , predominantly by gangs of british-pakistani men . 
  [ 7 ] abuses described included abduction , rape , torture and sex trafficking of children . 
  [ 6 ] now from your post :  it 's a case based almost entirely on ` he says , she says ' , all happened about 40 years ago , and to make matters worse most of the people allegedly involved are dead . 
  40 years ago ? 
  last arrests were made in [ 2016 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_doublet ), 
  true . 
  could be worse : `` time for a new color revolution . 
  let 's see , i already used orange . . what other colors do i like ? '', 
  my original comment :  i see nothing new here ? 
  if there is potential civil unrest and political upheaval , chances are soros will be around . . 
  since the original thread ( by [ u/moridakkubokka ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/moridakkubokka ) , not me ) was removed due to lack of credible source - i assume wikileaks and the actual email itself are recognized as reliable ? 
  id pay good money to see that , 
  i think i spelled that out in the very same sentence . 
  but if you wish : power hungry people kind of tend to like power and the perception of power . 
  titles is one such thing . 
  a king will always be * more * then just a president . 
  edit : and a pope will always be more then a king , as a pope can make you king, 
  not sure to the end though . . 
  i mean , no one elected soros & co either , but sure looks like they rule a hell of a lot more , and worse , then i think our current monarchs would . . just sayin . . 
  err , have you read the latest emails regarding clinton and her foundation ? 
  basically cash for influence ? 
  edit : ok , now i 'm impressed . 
  someone actually managed to downvote a post basically saying : proven and documented corruption is not ok ... 
  an upvote for the link  ) ) will never look at danish bacon the same , 
  i see nothing new here ? 
  if there is potential civil unrest and political upheaval , chances are soros will be around . . 
  as long as the monarch remains apolitical , i much prefer a monarch as head of state . 
  not to mention they tend to be cheaper in the long run . 
  they also tend , in moments of crisis to have a much stronger ability to make people come together . 
  i ca n't see myself ever fighting for the corrupt politicians of today , but a symbol my country ? 
  count me in . 
  but that 's just my 2cents . 
  edit : also , i always enjoying watching foreign political heads of state as they meet a monarch , and often you can see their jealousy for never receiving the same respect and admiration , 
  so , by today 's standards : journalists ? 
  well , considering most journalists today practice agenda journalism , i 'd say this should not be a surprise to anyone . 
  i mean , if you already practice hiding uncomfortable news , whitewash or otherwise try to deflect on a daily basis , lying should be pretty much 2nd nature after a while . 
  i do n't think i can even measure the amount of respect lost towards journalism today , and ca n't help but wonder what journalists 30 years ago would say if they saw what has been made of their profession today ... 
  actually , considering theory ** a ** is supported by the very man behind wikileaks itself , unless one wants to consider him an outright liar , one would assume that should hold quite a lot of credibility . 
  sure , you may want to say you only present assanges * opinions * on various matters to inform , but it really does not retract any credibility when it comes to the very leaks he himself partakes in form of wikileaks . 
  in short : you/i/someone may not like assange . 
  but from there , to say assange is lying about his * very own operations * is a faaaar step ... asshole or not ... 
  inspired by un i 'm sure, 
  what do you think is the most probable scenario of these 2 : a ) a dnc employee , acting as wikileaks whistleblower having access to said email server etc downloading as he sees fit b ) a foreign security service decides to hack the dnc email servers , and release them whole sale to wikileaks occams razor and all that . . as for assanges racism/non-racism : how is that related to this ? 
  as for assanges theories on world events : how is that related to this ? 
  also , i think that is a bit disingenuous description , trying to make it pro-putin , whereas i think its rather the case of `` us '' building a boogeyman ( which recent history , saddam , assad etc , tends to become a dangerous thing . . ) unless of course you believe the assange is a russian asset all along , and this is all a big john le carre novel or something . . oh , forgot to ask : which facts did you present here ? 
  all i saw was trying to make assange/wikileaks unpleasant/racist and a nut case . 
  none of which relates to the veracity of the dnc emails leaked so far , nor giving any indication that assange is lying about the source .
