  and i do n't think i 've ever heard of travel warning for jews regarding poland either . 
  sweden however . . [ link ] ( http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=4402957 ), 
  they did . 
  there is quite famous pic on the swedish/norwegian border , showing the swedish soldiers letting the train pass . 
  from norwegian history books . 
   antisemitism was on the rise in poland even before the arrival of germans . 
  have some non-disputed sources on that statement ? 
  preferably with some facts , and not generalized sweeping statements like that . 
  i 've seen more antisemitism in sweden then i 've seen seen in poland ( and i 've seen it here too ) , and find it fascinating the need to paint poland as anti semitic . . 
  now you know they feared the russians when a jew would fight on the nazis side ... 
  yes, 
  barn burger . 
  you ca n't go wrong . 
  there are others good too , but that is my go-to place when in town edit : iphone autocorrect i hate thee . . 
  quite a few good burgers to be had in wawa last i checked ? 
  well , there are a few quite different takeaways one can make from that : * you do n't hang out with majority kind of ppl * or , ppl lie ( often the case in polls and controversial candidates ) * or the counting of votes is not done as you 'd expect ( i.e fraud ) edit : i made no judgement here , i simply noted that the observation might have more then one reason . 
  the observation is valid though , 
  although modern armory and uniforms certainly are more efficient - the old school hussars sure make a hell of a presence , 
  i 'm sure there must be someone liking him ... right ? 
  never met anyone who did , but i 'm sure someone can come to his defense here . 
  must . . not . . make . . stupid joke . . about ... what 's working or not in that mans government ... 
  well , if so then they should get some humor - the reference was spot on . 
  also , they 're hardly alone in downvoting opinions they disprove of  edit : i 'm sure even if i was a hardcore ex-kgb guy i 'd still laugh from that comment . 
  have some distance guys ... 
  like i said : straight out of the twilight zone : `` we are trying and sentencing you as as an adult for sexual exploitation of a minor : yourself '' . 
  - take that notion to the extreme , and every act of masturbation by people under 18 could be seen as a felony ... * shakes head and praises g-d he did not grow up in nc , usa * i never understand how the judges in such cases can even look themselves in the mirror . . `` honey , how was your day ? 
  great . 
  i just destroyed two young teenagers life for pretty much doing what we did when we were 16 '' . 
  as others have commented , this will never happen . 
  after ukraine , everyone and their godmother knows giving up your nukes is a no-go . 
  also , looking at dprk , it 's obvious that it 's your one guarantee in this world to get away with pretty much anything . 
  so , disarmament , while a nice dream , is nothing more then that : a dream . 
  i prefer policies made with reality in mind . 
  looking at recipients and people involved i 'd very much say they are working towards shaping policies . 
  in fact they pretty much say so directly themselves . 
  edit : at work right now , but will edit and add relevant links to their own documents where `` shaping policy '' etc is indeed how they themselves phrase it . . 
  i wish i could upvote this a 100 times  seriously best comment in thread . 
   everyone invoking soros as some sort of nefarious influence is in fact either an antisemite to some degree or someone gullible enough to fall for conspiracy theories . 
  itt : learned i 'm antisemite or conspiracy nut for not being comfortable with the level of influence wielded and * actively sought * by a non-elected 1 % ` er who makes it a habit to try and shape nations policies regardless of the popular views . . 
  its actually so common , there is a word for it : [ inculturation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inculturation )  in christianity , especially in the roman catholic church , inculturation is the adaptation of the way church teachings are presented to non-christian cultures and , in turn , the influence of those cultures on the evolution of these teachings . 
  as european , i always find it bordering the absurd when hearing about us laws regarding age of consent . 
  its like the twilight zone or something . 
  not to mention all the absurd cases of sexting your bf/gf , age 14/15 ? 
  hello `` sex offender registry '' here we come . . 
  i 'm sure we have som f * cked up laws over here too , but am pretty sure us `` wins '' . 
  it 's almost like they 're desperate to report something positive . . / s, 
  kind of like the reports of muslims attending churches/mass after nice . 
  kind of seems whenever one read/hear something truly positive , and take a 2nd look , one finds not any of the mainstream directions , but indeed ahmadiyya . . 
  this . 
  out of curiosity : how many from al-azhar in egypt , the leading sunni school ? 
  how many saudi scholars ? 
  any renowned shia ? 
  edit : i think the title is disingenuous considering the level of persecution ahmadiyya faces by most of the muslim world . 
  well , having been to the opening weekend last weekend of september a few times , it would seem a lot of people would disagree with you on that one , 
  love the photo, 
  i see a lot of posturing from erdogan and turkey these last few weeks . . something tells me this is part of a bigger play . . 
  heh , i will give you points for your optimism  have an upvote . 
  i fear you are seriously wrong but i raise my glass in hoping you are right !, 
  i think you might want to study history - perhaps take a look at the rise and fall of the roman empire . 
  nothing lasts forever , nor is there such a thing as inevitability as far as civilizations , and even more fragile , political constructs . 
  a construct and society that is as polarized as today ... 
  indeed . 
  remember looking into a potential move there some years back . 
  running my own consulting firm , did some research and ... nope . 
  and from what i hear , it has n't gotten any better exactly . . 
  for better or worse , i think the current election in the us has pretty much shown the charade of `` dnc vs gop '' for what it is : a kabuki theatre . . we see the same in france , where politicians from every party will join together in every way conceivable ton ensure fn defeat . . we see the same in sweden where pretty much every single party , from left to right , joined in an unprecedented agreement to ensure sd would have zero influence , regardless of the number of seats they hold in parlament . 
  we something similar , and the interesting part is the media is as much a party in this as well . 
  the lines in todays politics are not drawn along the traditional left vs right ... 
  i guess they could always call merkel and ask if she has some more former stasi agents they could hire for the job . 
  i mean , she did pretty much hire anetta kahane , former stasi agent , to hunt for online comments in germany . 
  the benefit that matters to me is quite simple : one can ** never ** have any moral authority while keeping ksa as a `` friend '' . 
  these guys . . no really . . there is so much wrong in that place i would n't even know where to start . . 
  the fact that their entire country would implode without our support , technology and expertise ... 
  i always consider bavaria to be germany , and the rest wishing to be bavaria  with exception of saxony perhaps, 
  while a case can be made for turkey , and mind you , i am not saying we should , i am simply saying a case can be made , saudi is a whole different ballgame . . that we prop up that regime , is quite simply beyond me . . before isis entered the stage i 'd vote for ksa as the single most evil regime in the world today , with some truly serous influence on a whole lot of nastiness outside its borders directly influencing various threats to us . 
  no matter how i twist and turn my mind i ca n't find a single redeeming factor that should make me consider ksa as anything but a horror show that wields way more power then it should ever have been allowed to even know exists ... 
  it 's a good name though, 
  this attitude from the elites are increasingly common i fear . 
  not long ago i believe , jan helin , swedish editor in chief for a large swedish newspaper , famous for his attacks left and right about racism , also made a statement regarding not accepting immigrants in his own affluent residential area , as `` they would not like it here , we 're too different '' or something like that . 
  the point being : our elites like to see themselves as humanitarians , yet will never see the consequences themselves . . then we have national politicians , like thorvaldsen stoltenberg , espousing the importance of paying taxes etc , then getting his own sweet tax free income and using every tax loophole known to mankind ... 
  simply : there is one rule for me , one for thee . . 
  `` europhile ''  i do n't know if you read my reply above to ghost ? 
  but for the sake of argument then : please tell me how you see this as a win ? 
  and secondly how that win outweighs any potential downside . 
  err . . not sure you 've noticed but there is a huge , and growing , euro-sceptic current throughout pretty much all of eu . 
  that is today . 
  there is simply no way you could achieve a federal state today or in the immediate future without a full blown civil war on your hands . 
  hell , just looking at economics alone , the bet of eu dissolution within the next 20-30 years would be more likely then federal statehood . . 
  my vote is on soros . 
  but yeah , i can see murdoch on that same list . . 
  started reading your comment about problematic if a foreign etc. . and just started thinking : err ... nsa . . merkel . . then saw the rest of your post . 
  yup . 
  funny how that works . . 
  not quite sure what you mean by `` these sort of army already exist '' ? 
  are you making a comparison between the usa , a nation state , and eu , a union of independent nation states ? 
  if so , please bear in mind that the analogy of an european nation state and a us state is really quite inadequate . 
  a better analogy would probably something like bavaria or saxony in germany . 
  as for influence : when taking about military power and influence the only determining factor is the ability to project power . 
  there is , somewhat fortunately i believe , no such ability besides u.k. 
  in europe today , and although i 'm a strong believer in a strong defense , that capability should be as locally anchored as possible in my book .
