  ok , can we decide here ? 
  is rt the propaganda organ of putin or not ? 
  did your tv ever show a full speech by orban ? 
  putin ? 
  any of the politicians we are told to despise ? 
  whatever gave you the idea that i do not understand the objective of a state owned media outlet directed to foreign consumers and considering the authoritarian nature of the regime in question : that i do not consider what are outright lies , what are provocative lies , what are half truths and what are truths they expose because they know it further their agenda and not ours ?!? 
  none of that retracts from the value of seeing , reading or hearing their view . 
  for the record : i apply the same analysis whenever our guys speak or do something as well . . 
  ok , i am slowly getting irritated here now . 
  at what point did i even try to say anything about being an expert on anything related to russia ?? 
  i am talking about gathering information and perspectives and making my own judgement ... 
  i am no expert in russian affairs , nor international , but i am an analyst by trade - though not related to international affairs . . 
  i use pretty much same methods more or less for analyzing news like financial/operational data streams . 
  it has worked well for me in the last 20 years . 
  if you think the official view of any given actor will not give you any significant understanding i would say you should look at your process of analysis , as it would seem you are doing it wrong . 
  so are you telling me that there is no value to be gleaned from hearing the official russian perspective on things ? 
  i should base all my judgement and interpretations , as they relate to russia on bbc ? 
  cnn ? 
  us state department ? 
  i should always ignore russian perspective ( official , state sanctioned , as we have already covered . 
  this is known upfront ) on eu matters ? 
  euro news knows better , and present a full , fair and balanced view ? 
  i have no illusion as to what rt is and is not . 
  the argumentation against it here , in this context however makes no sense . 
  i dont specifically care about local russian news , like i dont care about ( sorry ) finnish or german local news . 
  international media for me is primarily for international news and events . 
  ok , now you are just plain dishonest . 
  i gave you one example of reporting that i found interesting . 
  you then make it into `` breaking news '' , when i even specifically note that breaking news today is normally raised differently . 
  i tried giving a balanced answer , in regards to reporting itself , the daily consumption of headlines and articles from news sources , and further in-depth articles where appropiate/interesting . 
  you simply discard the entire post , with a short reply not even trying to read what i said . 
  enjoy your echo chamber . 
  edit : when someone asks a question , i normally try and answer . 
  i even make the time to try and make the answer `` good '' ( as in : not 2 lines ) . 
  when i do a short derogatory/snarky comment , and someone follows up with a reasoned , well put reply , i strive to return the favour . 
  i know this is internet , and snark is easy ( i do plenty of it ) , but at least i try and show some respect to the people who put the time in to actually argue honestly . 
  well , one excellent and recent example would be putins speech to various international news agencies presented in full from the st petersburg economic forum . 
  it was an interesting speech , and although i dont take it all at face value , yes , i believe it was interesting . 
  beyond that , not sure really . 
  lets face it , if you track cnn , bbc , guardian , and for me a few `` local '' ones like vg.no , nrk.no , aftenposten.no , dn.se , jyllands-posten . dk , warsawvoice.pl etc you will find approx 80 % overlap for daily events ( warsaw voice is not really news per se , more to see what is going on in poland , where i live etc ) . 
  as for breaking news , those today typically come from twitter , where the agency breaking the news might be dw , france24 etc. . you never know , and then you follow up either using said agency , and/or verify using the other news sources . 
  in this respect , i think rt sometimes serve as a good alternate view ( lets face it , living in an echo chamber is rarely conducive to finding at least some parts of the facts ) . 
  i may not agree with the views given , but at least i will have something more to base my own interpretation and judgement on . 
  for more in-depth analysis or commentary , i 'll probably refer to economist , newsweek , and a variety of blogs with commentators i have come to respect ( though i may not agree with them ) . 
  there is , in my view , significant value to be had by seeing opposing views , and clearly biased ones are sometimes easier to handle , then those trying to tell you they are `` objective '' . 
  does that make sense ? 
  not sure quite how to explain it . 
  edit : 1st reply was autoremoved , as it seems one of my `` daily '' sources for quick scans are not approved here  edit the reply and removed offending link . 
  then you did not read my comment very well  in , short : whenever someones who 's bias is clear and pretty much undisputed , it is easier to see through the bullshit . 
  rt has a value in that they do present views not comfortable for us . 
  sometimes it is bs , by every now and then you do indeed catch stuff our media would never report . 
  again , i dont care if facts are unpleasant , nor do i care who presents them . 
  i care about knowing . 
  i probably see more news , read more newspapers , blogs etc then most though , so i might be weird that way . 
  the allure of norwegian salaries are easily understood - though i pity the learning curve of norwegian costs  but , that is not the whole picture , as your very own `` uppdrag granskning '' showed a while back : [ utvandrarna ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nire8oi7qoe ), 
  i will not argue the case that i was factually wrong with my statement 2nd highest , i have already explained the reason behind that . 
  i will however say , i am not wrong in arguing the case that swedens youth unemployment is considered abnormally high , a choice of words also used by swedens official statistical body over the course of several years , and even part of a large norwegian documentary exploring the issue . 
  be that as it may , i was wrong in my statement . 
  try 45-49 in bahrain , 
  so ... it all worked out in the end after all ? 
  err ... ok ... we will do this step by step :  `` strawman '' is exactly what you have done , i.e. 
  refuting an argument i never made by sarcastically telling me that sweden has no problem with youth unemployment rate like i ever said that anywhere . 
  that was me in a sarcastic tone telling you sure , no worries . 
  dont want to bother with this discussion , as you obviously seem to have a thing for not making a case of sweden having an abnormally high unemployment rate among their youth . 
   also , i am not swedish , so i do n't see who you refer to with `` your very statistical body '' and `` you were frequently compared to spain '' . 
  this was my fault , as my initial post , that you responded to was to a poster with a swedish flair . 
  i made the simple mistake of assuming i was responding to the op of that post . 
   instead of doing strawmen , again , try to stick to the point . 
  sweden has not the highest/2nd highest unemployment rate in europe , which is what you wrote - that of course does n't mean that sweden has no problem with youth unemployment . 
  now this is the `` real '' part of argument i suppose . 
  i guess with todays numbers , would have to go to eurostat to verify , i assume it is quite possible ( considering greece and portugal ) , that the whole 2nd place/spain is no longer the case . 
  i am however fairly certain i would not have to go more then couple of years back to see the stats reflect that . 
  now , as these things naturally change over time , they do not however tend to change suddenly . 
  so , sure . 
  i may be factually wrong that sweden is 2nd worst today . 
  it is still crap though , with over 23 % but sure . . 
  better now ? 
  and since you had an issue with the source : numbers from 2016 : 23,2 % . 
  but sure , i will now take my strawman and go home , 
  listen , i will accept disagreements , arguments etc. . 
  but please , `` strawman '' - i am giving you a freaking link to your very own government statistical body ( scb ) , highlighting the very issue . 
  its not like the issue was `` new '' in 2011 . 
  it was a common subject in those years - i spent most of my time in scandinavia at the time ... you were frequently compared to , and comparing yourself to spain . 
  this was a real issue . 
  so spare me the `` strawman '' bullshit . 
  if i build a strawman , it would be much more pretty , and less fact-filled then that . 
  as for immature : your tone and wording indicates otherwise . 
  lol - ok . im not going to spend time on this . 
  sure . 
  sweden has * no problem * with youth employment . 
  the insane amount of swedes in norway has nothing to do with booming job market in sweden . 
  better ? 
  sorry , was unclear . 
  it seemed you were making a point it was acceptable when `` the right side '' did it . 
  will edit and acknowledge my faux-pas , 
  youth unemployement : [ scb ] ( http://www.scb.se/sv_/hitta-statistik/artiklar/statistiken-over-ungdomsarbetsloshet-ar-jamforbar/ ) the rest of your points i 'll agree with though ( although i 'd like to see employment numbers based on public/private sector separate ) . 
  as for th public sector subsidizing ? 
  i think you mean they are subsidized ( i.e. 
  paid by the government ) ? 
  aah , so what you are trying to say is : the method of using paid shills to either promote a given agenda , or counter another agenda , is acceptable depending on * who * is doing it ?
