this actually lines up pretty well with the rumours around that time ; i remember all the reports of the greeks meeting with putin , and the talks in media that they ( greece ) probably tried to make a deal for a loan/returning to drachma again ( backed by russia ) , while there was all this uncertainty regarding eu/imf deal . 
  err . . did you even read the text ? 
  or was it not one-dimensional enough for you , so you must disregard it as a troll ? 
  some highlights for you :  the symbolism is intentional . 
  russian political education has bad reputation abroad for its government propaganda . 
  for this reason , coupled with general interest in russian politics , i decided to observe it from up-close by attending the political camp for youth parties of the russian federation . 
   he will soon be invited to the stage to talk about how great it was to have soviet tanks stationed in warsaw , the capital of my own country . 
   they are all designed with an objective of maintaining the status quo of the political system . 
   it quickly becomes apparent the parliamentary political parties have ` decided ' to act together . 
  participation in russian politics comes at the price of obedience to the needs of the system embodied by vladimir putin . 
   when asked about the opposition , many of them smile : '' it 's only there for the public '' a friend tells me . 
   some people are getting bored with the patriotism talk : they are tired of corruption and want real measures to be implemented to make their lives better . 
   tv is limited to state-owned channels which work along the single narrative . 
   the web , monitored and shaped as if a state was the moderator , is simply too spammed with the official government line . 
   dissent and criticism is accepted as long as it does not aim at the foundations of the political system . 
   being apolitical in russia is a political statement in itself . 
  please tell me how this gives the impression of a pro-putin schill/troll ? 
  i for one found it interesting , and applaud the guy for actually taking the time to not just sit on reddit and comment , but actually go out and see how other people look at the world . 
  edit : formatting, 
  from my post :  nd i understand the facts as they relate to how swedens definition differs , how they collect statistics differ ... but here are two hints things are not all that kosher : an increase in sexual assaults in the later years , while still having the same definitions in place , and as anyone keeping track of swedish media should know : the number of violent gang rapes in sweden does not match those in neighboring norway and denmark by a long shot . 
  both countries btw , saw similar uptick in that type and of assaults and immediately took action ; denmark allowed for expulsion of entire families etc , norway the police made the stats public knowledge ( `` 100 % of all perpetrators foreign born or 2nd gen '' ) thus forcing the politicians to also take actions . 
  but sure , keep on harping sweden is comparable to its neighbours . 
  not my problem anymore ( although i do have friends and family still there . . ) . 
  juncker is on it , no worries . 
  the numbers are alarming but sure , let 's pretend it 's all ok : [ link ] ( http://fof.se/artikel/dramatisk-okning-av-antalet-anmalda-gruppvaldtakter ) to put the numbers in context : in norway were talking about 20 , denmark the same . 
  sweden : hundreds . 
  i agree with your first paragraph , but do n't understand your 2nd ? 
  i never said `` highest in the world '' ? 
  i only make a case that swedens numbe s ( the ones that really matter ) are significantly higher then its neighbors . 
  edit : downvotes for ooimtimg to the obvious strawman ? 
  impressive, 
  borders , like fences make good neighbors ... 
  so , mentally ill , and unknown motive ? 
  it is obvious that the rape thing is becoming increasingly embarrassing to the swedes ... seems every day now that somehome is tryng to dispute the numbers . . and i understand the need , mind you . 
  and i understand the facts as they relate to how swedens definition differs , how they collect statistics differ ... but here are two hints things are not all that kosher : an increase in sexual assaults in the later years , while still having the same definitions in place , and as anyone keeping track of swedish media should know : the number of violent gang rapes in sweden does not match those in neighboring norway and denmark by a long shot . 
  both countries btw , saw similar uptick in that type and of assaults and immediately took action ; denmark allowed for expulsion of entire families etc , norway the police made the stats public knowledge ( `` 100 % of all perpetrators foreign born or 2nd gen '' ) thus forcing the politicians to also take actions . 
  in sweden ? 
  `` it 's a lie '' , `` all men rape '' , the msm tries to report somalian refugees as swedes , or hide issues at festivals for a year , and the police gives bracelets to young girls with `` tafsainte '' ... oh , and of course : our statistics can be compared . . 
  frankly : embarrassing . 
  read again  i answered your objection against the fact that u do n't need a majority to start a riot . 
  you should actually consider this small thing : it takes less then 10 % of the popular support to actually wage full-scale rebellion and even have a chance of winning ... 
  the majority have never initiated violent change , it is pretty much always a `` minority '' that pushes it through . . 
  but but . . poland . . right wing ... anti-gay ... christian xenophobia ... the narrative ?? 
  would someone please bring back the narrative ? 
  actually , if your senior , and doing b2b you should be looking at 15-18 .000 pln in the major cities . 
  considering polish taxes and costs , that is pretty good regardless of whatever country you compare too . 
   also , would you think one could live decently in poland for a few years without learning polish ? 
  as others have said : warsaw , wroclaw , krak\u00f3w and tricity no problem . 
  kind of depends though : if we are talking one-man company ( dzialalnosc gosp . ), 
  it is truly streamlined and simple : one form , one office , 15 minutes and you have a company . 
  as for sp zoo , a bit more though , 
  actually , to limit the question to violent/unknown party is a simplification , to avoid any grey areas , if you wish . 
  that is the clearest , simply , in that pretty much everyone will agree that a girl/woman/someone walking in a park and being assaulted out of the blue , is pretty much the textbook definition of rape . 
  once we go beyond that , which i personally think we should , the debate itself gets much more fussy . 
  short question : do you honestly believe that the rise in rape stats in sweden is solely based on the redefining terms of what constitutes rape ? 
  honest question . 
  do you honestly believe , and hold it as a truth , that in real terms , rapes in sweden , in particular violent rape by unknown is comparable to denmark and norway in statistical terms and absolute numbers ? 
  edit : clarified the parameters of the question ? 
  edit 2 : downvoted for an honest question ? 
  no judgements made , no indications of a differing belief or argument ? 
  impressive . 
  although i really try to avoid this discussion , i do feel it 's in its place to at least voice a few thoughts . 
  yes , it is true , the swedish definition of rape in this context is wider then all of its comparable countries . 
  built it is also true that in real numbers , reported violent rapes by unknown is significantly higher in sweden then said comparable countries . 
  take away ? 
  the stats are not showing the real picture , but there is indeed a real problem of rape and sexual assault in sweden that is abnormally higher then its neighboring countries . 
  i wish , 
  yes . 
  it 's when i have to do a longer sentence with several of the sz , szcz , etc i can get it wrong . 
  but listening , sure i hear the differences ( today . 
  earlier , no way ) edit : i actually had this thing where i practiced `` cie , trzy , czy '', 
  far from perfect but enough that i can sometimes play with it . 
  and from what 've been told , i 'm pretty much mostly correct . 
  it is quite confusing at first , but it is also quite powerful once you realize the options it gives you in terms of `` creating '' words etc i guess my main problems today are mostly related to vocabulary , though not week it is far far from any other language i speak , spelling , and that sometimes i still have issues with the whole sz , szcz etc ( considering going to a logoped about that actually ) . 
  as a fioreigner speaking quite decent polish after some 8 years here , i can answer that one ( for me at least ) : i can hear the similarities etc when in czech , but for me it sounds like a polish guy who inhaled an helium balloon  of course , i did the mistake of telling that to a czech girl in a marketing dept here once and let 's say it did not go over well , 
  * phobia * typically alludes to * irrational fear * , not so sure how irrational this is . . 
  as a foreigner living in poland : ** that ** would be sooo much easier ... 
  seriously , i cry when i try and figure out if it should be szcz , cz , scz , or whatever permutation they manage to come up eith to ensure no one will ever get it right ... not to mention writing in mobile apps is like a g-d d-mn marathon ... 
  after paris/bataclan , not sure i 'd count 12 dead ( especially in an area with so large crowds as munichs festival area ) as `` the big one '' . 
  i do believe there is a change in tourist behaviour . 
  was just sitting and trying to plan a long weekend getaway for myself and my partner , and while looking at possible destinations , found myself saying `` nope '' to what would otherwise be considered pretty much perfect options : `` paris ? 
  nope . 
  3 greek islands ( one after the other ) ? 
  nope . 
  berlin ? 
  nope . 
  nope . '', 
  suddenly the more `` exotic '' options such as budapest , belgrade , hell even lvov are looking like good candidates . 
  its not that i fear an imminent attack per se , but when there are options where you know this is not even a remote possibility ? 
  i go on vacations to relax and enjoy myself - not worry about world affairs . . 
  you see it ? 
  do n't see it myself , but when selected flair , i just added a comma and 2nd country name . 
  please do tell , where in my posts here have i * ever * indicated that they were free press ? 
  in fact , have i not , repeatedly , said that rts function , agenda etc is well known ? 
  in fact , is n't that exactly what i said from the very start ? 
  i have wasted enough of my time here on this subject . 
  i have given repeatedly serious answers and get nothing but simple , one dimensional replies . . 
  it is clear a lot of people does not understand how to extraction information from the sources given - hell even the most obvious sh * t from der sturhmer can tell you something if you know how to analyze information ... context , source , verifiable facts , non-verifiable assertions , related news , targeted audience ... a f * ck it . . enjoy the echo chamber, 
  and i think i will stop wasting my time here . . 
  i give you long reasoned replies and i get one liners in return,
