o-vs-c in a nutshell : orthodoxy is like a federation . 
  each country with its own chunk of the church , mostly independent , and with their own local hierarchy . 
  very rarely , there are councils where several orthodox churches gather to discuss and decide on really important matters ( it 's largely ceremonial ) . 
  the catholic church is like an empire . 
  it spans multiple nations , and is ruled from one place ( vatican ) . 
  oc and cc are like siblings , pretty similar in their upbringing and world view , but with different characters . 
  cc is the extrovert who travels overseas , talks with everyone , etc ; oc is like the geek who stays mostly at home and nerds up on abstract issues . 
  relax . 
  i 've been living in the us for a decade and a half now , and eu politics seem like paradise , by comparison . 
  a more elegant solution for a more civilized time ( and place ) . 
  i was definitely not born before 1964 , and yet i remember the 1964 packaging very well . 
  what manner of wizardry is this ? 
  i think you can rank countries on a general `` uptightedness '' scale by just looking at the percentage of gray bars . 
  lots of gray in those bars - relaxed people . 
  not much gray - uptight culture ( `` everything is a moral issue !, 
  and , if it 's not , we 'll make it !!!, 
   if a moldovan drinks something strong , regardless of whether it is cheap russian vodka or 20 year aged cognac , the only way to do it is to do drink it in the form of a ( full ) shot , so that it burns in a way that warms the soul . 
  next you wash it down with some nice house wine that 's been chilled in the cellar . 
  and finally you eat a snack of pickles , sl\u0103nin\u0103 , and onions to complete the bouquet . 
  that 's right . 
  but i was referring to something else - making a cocktail , or serving hard liquor `` on the rocks '' . 
  it 's not that they do n't eat or drink anything else when consuming hard liquor . 
  it 's that they drink their liquor * neat * , always , regardless of anything else they might be munching or sipping at the time . 
   does n't really matter , but moldovans usually dress up fancy even if they are going out to throw the garbage . 
  is n't that true of the whole region , not just moldova ? 
   with that said , the problem is that it 's difficult to try to limit your portions since people ( especially older women ) may physically try to stuff your plate , especially if you venture into the countryside . 
  `` just one more bite ! '', 
  `` no thanks , i 'm full . '', 
  `` oh , but just take one more little bite . '', 
  `` thank you , i think i 'm good . '', 
  `` but just one more little bite . '', 
  * ( sigh , someone please shoot me ) * they 'll get it when you refuse it for the 5th time - and , no , it is not impolite to do tough `` negotiations '' like this . 
  maybe insert a joke here and there to keep it light . 
  but in general , try and accept what is freely offered , be it food or drinks . 
   go to a market , buy a six pack of 1.5 l water bottles , dump the water out and fill it with wine from the peasants who sell it . 
  haha . 
  that works , but it 's a bit baseline imo , especially if you 're foreigner . 
  get a bottle of something , in the original package and labeling , if you can procure it . 
  oh yeah , they do n't have the concept of mixing hard liquor . 
  they have stuff akin to vodka ( they just call it something else ) - expect to drink it neat . 
  that means six of them are really , really good . 
  well , if the kid is born in february , then it will be a 3-month orgy of non-stop gift-dispensing . 
  why do n't you come over to the usa , see with your own eyes and experience this brand of `` remedy the problem yourself '' health care , see how that works out for you . 
  :( apt name , indeed . 
   there is so much latin kinship in this thread ... 
  if any major figure from the roman republic was resurrected , let 's say cato the younger , i suggest you 'd stay far away from him after he 's read your comment . 
  the republic was all about the rule of the law against the whim of unprincipled individuals . 
  of course , then things changed a bit . 
   a lot more concise than english how is that even possible ? 
  basically , far right ? 
  nah , sounds like ro just shifted november upstream one slot . 
  whenever we say `` autumn '' , we picture golden trees and peaceful sunsets . 
  we all conveniently forget november . 
  we always do . 
  admit it , you 're washing your cars in beer . 
  otherwise i 'm at a loss to explain it . 
  because http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basque_language#history_and_classification, 
  ha , ha !, 
  europe , you say ? 
  come take a look at the usa first . 
  it 's basically national policy . 
  well , up north they have pickled fish . 
  try and beat that . 
  wow , i had no idea . 
  ( but i grew up in the south-west . ), 
  same here , except turned darker somewhat earlier than your case . 
  bigger : http://www.eupedia.com/europe/maps_of_europe.shtml#eye_colour, 
  or greece . 
  we always did plenty of trade with greece . 
  is n't * ca\u0219 * a special kind of cheese ? 
  more sweet-tasting , perhaps non-brined ? 
  this appears to be true in any country . 
  the poor and some of the extremely rich turn to right-wing extremism . 
  is that correlated with less income/wealth ? 
   sadly , there is no going back . 
  putin : * `` challenge accepted . 
  nope . 
  `` al '' is the definite article in arabic , the equivalent of `` the '' . 
  perfect timing for them . 
   here in oa\u0219 i believe refusing an offer of p\u0103linc\u0103 is a pretty grave insult , is n't it ? 
  raid 0 - it 's the only way to fly . 
  i 'm pretty sure all of eastern and central european countries consider themselves the bulwark that stopped the ottoman expansion . 
  like , all of them . 
  it was a team effort , basically . 
  haha , amazingly current and appropriate lyrics !, 
  ( sigh , i wish it were n't ), 
  seems a little one-sided though . 
  i agree on the effects , but to blame it exclusively on energy prices sounds like an over-simplification ( i think it 's only a small factor ) . 
  cockroaches and scorpions are pretty sturdy , i hear . 
  a lot of those trump supporters - if they were born in syria they would be in isis . 
  same archetype . 
  could anyone explain me why the whole world seems to be slowly sliding into the depths of insanity these days , one step at a time ? 
  brexit , trump , le pen , erdogan , putin in ukraine , isis , now this crap in chechnya . 
  it 's like the rise of fascism in the '30s , but on a global scale . 
   this is n't russia , nor is it the us , run by christian nutjobs , thankfully . 
  the irrationality virus spreading across the west , taking over people 's minds right now , may change that situation if you 're not actively fighting it . 
   france 's marine le pen quietly pledges to hold hands with putin while re-entering the medieval age . 
  meanwhile trump be like `` hey guys , can i join ya , can i ? 
  can i ? '', 
  the ascension of trump over there across the pond was full of `` surely this can not happen '' - and yet it did , at every step .
