is this only for living or does it have any state functions ? 
  if it does then it is a completely different question . 
  as he said , it is not a rational thought . 
  and how could it be whenever you lump a large group of people together . 
  it is however , quite normal . 
  especially when such a large percentage approve ( whatever their reasons , including propaganda ) of a foreign policy that causes such harm and destruction . 
  i seriously doubt they thought [ the threat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continuation_war#assessment_of_soviet_designs_for_finland_and_their_outcome ) was over as the soviets had a very real interest in finland as a buffer state . 
  but they choose to go with backing the communist party , trying to make finland a puppet state instead through covert operations . 
  the risk of soviet occupation was far from over . 
  it had more to do with the allies making large gains , forcing finland to drop the alliance and forcefully throwing out the germans . 
  thankfully , popular support do not force us in to nato . 
  most political partys are against it . 
  hundreds ? 
  i am not sure tbh . 
  there are a lot of tourists in stockholm ( depicted ) . 
  but the general mentality do not really reflect this . 
  i guess this sketch might be poking fun at people not really taking the security threat seriously . 
  as an anecdote : there are ~ ~ thousands ~ ~ hundreds of rich russians living in the better parts of the inner city . 
  i love how you went right ahead and lumped the countries together . 
  what is wrong with the coffee , is it that it is too strong ? 
  having just read [ stasiland ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/stasiland-stories-behind-berlin-wall/dp/1847083358/ ) the film in that youtube-link gets a lot more interesting . 
  it just hit me that the us government debt is the largest in the world ( $ 17 trillion followed by japan with $ 10.5 trillion ) and is pulling away . 
  i guess that can account for some of the military spending . 
  it is still amazing , and it 's hard to phantom how big the `` military complex '' and its capabilities are . 
  you might however ask yourself , why is this extreme necessary ? 
  that is true , but just stating free healthcare is of course an over simplification . 
  both oman and uae is living of their oil so they are imo not really relevant . 
  now israel is interesting as they spend 5.6 % of their gdp ( after i deducted the 1.3 % paid for by the us ) . 
  however , i wonder what the state of their social security is . 
  there is more to it than free health care . 
  it is really bad . 
  if you look beyond the whole feminist thing they are a radical leftist party . 
  for example they want to shut down the army . 
  we also have the whole `` re-educate '' all men thing . 
  was that not as retaliation for the trucks ? 
  i have no idea what level of photoshopping there is in this photo though . 
  however , there is this kind of `` pressure '' , just not as much . 
  anyway , i get how and why it 's sexist . 
  i 'm just saying that this would cause an uproar in sweden and hence i ca n't enjoy the ad on the buses . 
  in sweden it 's not just an ad . 
  it 's a sexist ad . 
  interestingly enough it was developed by a an american of polish ancestry . 
  keep in mind that the climate in the nordics is often quite cold which means the roads gets dangerous . 
  combine that with a rather big concern with road safety and you get 110 . , 
  but still there are a lot of small countries who dub everything . 
  it might have been about some kind of national pride at some point ( `` we 're a major international player , movies should be in our own language '' ) but today i think it 's more about people being lazy . 
  i would call it someone that supports what they perceive as a fascist government . 
  aha , you are disputing my ownit ( not alltele ) fee . 
  tbh it 's free for me but it costs the house 44kr per apartment : 4.86 $ . 
  we just went up from 36kr ( 3.97 $ ) . 
  it 's more of a goodwill deal , they do n't make any real money on it afaik . 
  seems like you 're right about the prices though !, 
  sneaky stars !, 
  btw , i edited my post before but it must have been missed , it 's 5 $ , not 3 $ . 
  we just changed providers and they accidentally gave me 1gbit instead of 100mbit . 
  instead of paying 9 $ i only have to pay 5 $ for it . 
   anyway , normally the cost for gbit in sweden is between 55 $ - 90 $ not 110 . 
  no they are not . 
  they have actively cut military spending since 2006 . 
  this have more to do with populism than job creation . 
  of course , spending the money on the air force and navy instead of what we actually need ( a stronger army ) probably have to do with industrial politics . 
  afaik : back then you just did not think in terms of ocean eco-systems . 
  it was common place for everyone , corporations as well as for private familys , to dump whatever in the ocean . 
  sure it might kill a few fish , but the thought that they might get poisonous , get eaten by bigger fish and eventually make it in to the human diet was far from everyones mind . 
  i 'm guessing it is about close by emerging markets with historic ties to sweden . 
  all tough most of the remaining estonian swedes left for sweden after the second world war the ties somewhat remain . 
  you can read up on it a bit [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_swedes ) . 
  i have heard that in international exercises the plane performs quite well . 
  it is hard to find objective information because of the extreme lobbying that goes in to military sales . 
  you should check your kindergartens ... 
  i did , so i guess there are at least two of us . 
  never mind , they need to fulfill all of the conditions , not one of them . 
  carrying weapons is just one of them . 
  afaik as long as you have weapons visible on your way there you are a combatant . 
  might be ok with uniforms as well . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong !, 
  as someone said in an earlier comment , the groups of people have advanced with armed protesters among them . 
  this does not give the shootings legitimacy , buy i 'm guessing this is the reasoning behind the killings . 
  in your former comment you were acting like the stereotyping idiots that you were portraying . 
  even so , it 's not like everyone walks around with an ak on their back . 
  a `` normal '' hitman with a pistol of some sorts would be a much more likely threat . 
  why do you assume she would be shot with a 7.62 ? 
  one is doing an extreme generalisation and the other one counters with very anecdotal evidence . 
  as an interesting anecdote : during the war in bosnia the swedish battalion where called `` the lucky battalion '' due to not having one wounded soldier even though they went through a lot of fighting . 
  i suppose so , can you imagine fighting the endless stream of people not accepting that they have to blow their noes for two days longer ? 
  dummy , sure . 
  but since antibiotics actually help against a simple flu people feel obligated to demand a prescription against it . 
  right now , yes . 
  but , as far as i know , we are creating more and more of these immune diseases . 
  we are on a slippery slope and are , as with so much else , expending the resources that exist because we are too lazy to actually act against it . 
  yeah , i do not trust people to make decisions that are not egoistical . 
  here you need to get a prescription from a doctor to get antibiotics . 
  it is extremely worrying how a lot of countries use antibiotics without regard for future generations . 
  this is not a very complex question compared to say global warming . 
  regulate the damn use of antibiotics . 
  speaking of weird toilet customs ... 
  anyway , separating solids from liquids significantly reduces the smell . 
  i agree with you that it 's just lazy not to post a translation in the comments . 
  it is however somewhat forgivable as it is quite common amongst europeans to know german . 
  i could not figure out what gucken meant .
