linux mint , and sometimes mac osx and somtimes windows . 
  in a german context not . 
  but from many other perspectives die linke is fand left . 
  smoked frankendammer , its great it you toast it !, 
  if you have an slovak citizenship . 
  you have no prblems at all . 
  as an eu-citizen you are allowed to live anywhere in the eu and studie anywhere you want . 
  be it germany or spain . 
  you wont face extra charge for universities . 
  source ? 
  i always wondered who finaces rap news . 
  from which book ? 
  berliner  european  german, 
  knorkator an awesome german band made a great cover for that song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-5p2e9ognw, 
  in berlin it is everything , you eat it because you are drunk , stoned or any other reason you are hungry . 
  the lead candidates seem ok , and as they will have their own coalition with other pirate partys they will stay outside of the mess that the bundesverband of pirate party is . 
  i identify as a berliner , europe and germany is around the same level . 
  people actually consider that as weird ? 
  seemed totally normal for me ... 
  thats bullshit , far left is quite stupid and like far right they both use violence to get what they want . 
  but unlike the far left the far right ideology thinks that some people are not worthy and deserve to die . 
  i hope the eritreans behave well and the locals are helpful , they truly come from a shithole out of shitholes with a ridiculously evil military dictatorship . 
  its completely hypocritical to complain about that when we dont even offer german courses for everyone . 
  you should have seen the almost propagandistic and personal attacks by the other europeans ... 
  even worse is the reporting on the crisis by the big german papers . 
  you missed the point of education . 
  sometimes education is not only to prepare for a job , but also to just learn . 
  an advanced society also needs that intellectual surplus as i like to call it . 
  because most moderate left want an eu reform and not a dissolution . 
  until that is possible most prefer a broken undemocratic union to a disunited nationalistic europe with rightwing governments . 
  cloning !, 
  mind uploading !, 
  ai creation !, 
  who needs normal reproduction when you live in the future ... 
  its extremely expensive to reach europe as an refugee . 
  its only sane to send the able bodied so they can work and hopefully get the rest of their family also to europe . 
  the eu copyright reform looks like it wont be completely shit !, 
  how many hungarians speak germans . 
  i also loved the hungarian garlic soup and the fact that you could buy self made lemonade everywhere . 
  its common in berlin to . 
  weekdays between 2-5 many traffic lights are just flashing yellow . 
  just like before , the greeks . 
  sure but complex gmos ( which are not common ) are very had to predict how they behave in ecosystems , the risk is low but the damage not quantifiable and potentially huge . 
  thats why we need the precautionary principle . 
  its a question of risk management and not a question of general safety . 
  please read the paper i linked or atleast understand its general direction of argument . 
  also its not like i want to forbid gmos or something i just think as explained above that the current way the eu regulates gmos is in priciple good . 
  and this is only one region where i think the precautionary priciple is necessary . 
  its just incompatible with the american `` scientific principle '' . 
  i quoted something in the edit , but here is a longer article on the problem . 
  http://www.sueddeutsche.de/wirtschaft/ttip-papiere-wie-die-us-verhandler-europas-verbraucherschutz-angreifen-1.2975009 the usa calls their idea `` scientific priciple '' which sounds nice but actually means that you need scientific reasons to ban a product from entering the eu . 
  which is the opposite of needing scientific reason to allow a product from entering the eu . 
  it makes it impossible of saying that there is a risk that makes a product not allowable . 
  you will need to trust me that the article says multiple times that the us is pushing for drop on these things and especially to allow gmos into the european market . 
  and as a person that has a slight clue on ecology i think this is desastrous . 
  theres this paper that quite convincingly atleast for my layman understanding claims that we need the precautionary priciple in this field a lot : http://www.fooledbyrandomness.com/pp2.pdf, 
  there is a specific difference in european and american philosophy on regulating stuff , in europe you need to show that your product is safe in everyway . 
  thatswhy gmos have such a hard time in europe as , besides the general dislike for them in the population , they have to show that they are safe . 
  which is really , really hard for gmos that will be introduced into the general ecosystem . 
  in the usa in comparison its the opposite , the regulating entity has to show that your product is unsafe . 
  which makes it way easier to get stuff approved . 
  you may like on of these more than the other and both have pro and cons , but they are not reconcilable . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/precautionary_principle or vorsorgeprinzip which this article claims is attacked by the us in the negotiations : http://www.sueddeutsche.de/wirtschaft/-geheime-ttip-papiere-enthuellt-1.2975097 `` gleichzeitig attackieren die amerikaner das grundlegende vorsorgeprinzip beim europ\u00e4ischen verbraucherschutz . '', 
  translated as : at the same time the americans attack the fundamental precautionary priciple of the european consumer protection '' besides this major problem there are all the problems with ip law that ttip has , which made the whole thing a nonstarter for me . 
  its not the ypg . 
  its funny how turkish nationalist are willfully blind and believe in giant conspiracies where international brigade , ypg , pyd , tak , hpd , hpg , kck , puk etc. 
  are all controlled and commanded from qandil . 
  wow, 
  rent controll in berlin is more a tool to keep rents from going up to fast , not to keep them down permanently . 
  its a tool to ease gentrification not to stop it . 
  it isnt , its just rarely used and wasnt part of the discussion for a while . 
  you dont have to create the situation to put your fingers into it . 
  harz iv is not a nice thing , there are a lot of controlls and skipping on the job applications is hard and seriously punished , it really depends on the jobcenter you are going to but in general its not a nice way to live . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  it needs to be done , there is no other way people wont switch to electric if there is no infrastructure and there wont be any infrastructure if people dont switch . 
  something needs to be done and saving this planet is more important than having some people that need to take the train for their long travels instead of cars . 
  this is not some nice solution , this is a last minute change of course because it wont work any other way . 
  and then maybe people need to hitchhike again , oh horror . 
  because if we wanted to work with incetives we would have needed to start our serious fight against climate change by the 90s . 
  we have commited ourselves to a 95 % carbon reduction by 2050 and actually probably should go carbon negative , this wont happen with incentives where everyone can keep his luxuries . 
  its not banning allready existing cars , but only banning adding new cars . 
  a lot of politicians are pretty upset whenever die partei gets some seats . 
  and voting afd as a form of protest because they will get above 5 % is silly , then you can vote for any other party instead that will also be opposition depending on where you live . 
  they will do better opposition work in the parliament than the afd and wont encourage racist abd fascists that think that their time has come . 
  no , afd does not follow even the most basic rules and norms of political conduct , they harbor neo fascists , antisemites , racists and religious extremists . 
  they have shown repeatedly that they wont respect our democratic customs would they be elected into power and are activly trying to normalise extremist ideologies . 
  if that is what one calls `` normalisation `` then i dont want any normalisation . 
  no , voting for afd will just make the cdu think that they need to adabt all the stupid afd ideas . 
  vot for die partei instead and you will sctually gain something from your vote . 
  we are in the grest position in germany to have the best `` i disagree with everyone `` part ever . 
  just vote for die partei . 
  i love him . 
  there is nothing wrong with insulting nazis , nothing at all . 
  just because they hold a german passport does not garuantee them the slightest amount of respect . 
  the funniest thing is that these people hate political correctness , but evedently only as long as it restricts only themselves . 
  words have meaning and warcrimes have clear classifications . 
  also collective punishment and ethnic cleansing have two completely different aims . 
  i doubt the arab tribes and troops in the sdf would stand ethnic cleansing . 
  read the amnesty report really close , and you will see that they never accuse anyone of ethnic cleansing , they accuse of collective punishment . 
  also you are telling me nothing new , but its allways funny to see people throwing around ethnic cleansing allegations and feeling well informed when in reality they have no clue at all .
