  google hyperion tree, 
  well they nerfed zeah rcing because of him, 
  nieve 's cave of woodcutting, 
  and the people that used to play it no longer have that much time to waste grinding for days, 
  how about they ban ahk and fix tick manipulation ? 
  will these elitist players accept this ? 
  and then theres teaks with 2tick metod at like 150kish xp/h, 
  penguins dont forget the penguins, 
  then let the people that just want to afk and chill have their metods, 
  stop with the power creep to much piss already !!!, 
  i dont think so , they did big mo chathead, 
  i agree with you it divides the comunity , skillers get salty on pkers and then shot down pvp updates in spite, 
  its more like they are still experimenting , ghost said that zeah chatheads are lower poly count that normal ones, 
  to get more detailed , less poly count chatheads, 
  weekend ... 
  it does fill the niche of people that want to explore caves and kill some monsters to train melee and dont like slayer, 
  your loss, 
  he said other mmo, 
  almost every mmo quests are like a slayer task, 
  thats like complaining that everything is lokced behind skills or diaries, 
  i just use a guide to get the items i will need , and then do the quest myself, 
  i was exploring the varrock sewers back in 2004 as a lvl 20-30 cmb , i reached the moss giants area then a guy in full addy died and i was able to pick his coin stash ( 68k or a little more cant remember well ) i bought full mithril for like 30k lol, 
  fairies, 
  how you devalue something that has no value ? 
  srsly no body care about other people `` accomplishments '', 
  more like full with stuff to do ... poor ian, 
  i saw lots of water in the catacombs near the king sand crabs, 
  friends ??? 
  sure !!!, 
  one of us ... one of us ... one of us, 
  alternate universe , alternate quest ends, 
  tyras should apply cold water to that burn, 
  just move niesteve to zeah problem solved, 
  can you put english subtitles in you q/a videos in youtube ? 
  i sometimes have trouble understanding what are you saying ( english is not my first language ), 
  maybe a zeah quest reward ? 
  sailing plz !!!, 
  what i like about his game is that no zone is `` leveled '' like even if you are maxed or a noob , you have stuff to do in ardounge , varrock , al-karid , and as a level 3 you can explore most of the world, 
  i dont have that problem with the comunity ingame , but you can always ignore or put public chat off, 
  i tried to do that lol, 
  i disagree , skilling needs more profitable ways like what jagex tried to do with scale fishing , the skilling boss seems like a good idea . 
  its sad that most skills are just time sinks, 
  add the skilling part to zeah raids, 
  glad i did dragon slayer as a f2p, 
  15k for an unfired bowl ? 
  reported for scamming !!! 1 !!, 
  and that effort should reward you ... skills being only time sinks is how you get firemaking, 
  firemaking is a time sink because you waste your time leveling it for little to no ingame reward , im not talking about exp rates im talking about having a reward for the time you put into leveling it . 
  you get way better reward by the time spent doing pvm-pvp even minigames ( nmz ) than doing skills like agility , thieving , firemaking , cooking , fletching , smithing , mining . 
  fishing ... 
  duel ring, 
  i can already see ppl complaining that rock rolling is to much afk and high exp/h ( 1 action 1 level ), 
  i just want a dragon platebody that requires a dragon chain to create, 
  its rs3 or osrs ? 
  stealing cration / soul wars hybrid plz, 
  stealing cration / soul wars hybrid plz, 
  you can use any debit card to pay . 
  try banorte, 
  i use a virtual card ( internet card ) made by my bank i only deposit the money when i want to buy membership . 
  also use the english page not the spanish one, 
  choose english website, 
  yes and back in 2008 they had rs cards i bought 2, 
  it does work for me http://imgur.com/izrfovd, 
  i really dont understand your problem http://imgur.com/izrfovd, 
  nah its like the political memes about trump , hilary , you cant ban those, 
  well windows movie maker videos usually have subtitles ... and white and black effects, 
  im sure they are trying to make osrs an e-sport with last man standing, 
  gwd doesnt feel oldschool, 
  im not sure about rs3 , they make more money , yes , but they have to pay more staff , and updates cost more money ... 
  i belive its because of the hate osrs got from rs3 players on release, 
  how is sir renitee supposed to know about zeah houses ? 
  dude . . 
  nieve = snow, 
  cool name, 
  let him enjoy the game do his f2p grind , and then give him a bond, 
  does not look old school to me / s, 
  well i belive that there also like 20 % that always vote no for every question, 
  you just used the b-word ? 
  nty it devalues my frog mask, 
  well the afk part was mining the ess . . while on other rc methods ppl just skip the ess mining, 
  karamja looks like a giant square with some rivers, 
  maybe rivers are the answer to zeah ? 
  big yes to this, 
  i want priff ... that elf city in osrs ( diferent from the one in rs3 ), 
  poll the alternate universe already !!, 
  boku no piko, 
  im unable to defeat piccolo and/or goku ( pre raditz ) please fellow redditors lend me your power !!, 
  his rant about zeah rcing and his rant about woodcutting redwoods, 
  army vs army us wins easy , but i dont think the usa will be able to conquer/annex any of these countries . 
  mexico , colombia , brazil all have a geography that is great for guerrilla warfare . 
  also keep in mind the public outcry that would occur of people of these countries living in the us ?? 
  i can see lots of terrorist attacks , in us home soil . 
  you missed to link osrs reddit for dank memes, 
  they already talked about that https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwjxr7g_es8, 
  well many want a different lore from rs3 like an alternate universe, 
  que pasa ? 
  conflicts with rs3 lore , and our mods dont want that, 
  dude ... let him go, 
  while i agree that we need a different lore like an alternate universe i just stated why suggestion like this wont happen and that is because our mods dont want to conflict with rs3 lore, 
  sigue siendo ignorancia .
