just to give you people a sense of the utter unreality that is being constantly spewed towards the greek population from the greek establishment . 
  but syriza is `` anti '' - establishment . 
  eh , not really . 
  they were quite conservative and nationalistic but i would not call them nazi-like . 
  ( ignoring that golden dawn is full out hitler lovers and that papagos fought and was imprisoned by the germans ) i 'd say that the traditional right followed the ideological shift i described in the first post . 
  after all , conservatism does progress , just slowly . 
  golden dawn are nazis , period . 
   the inheritors of the nationalist right are chrysi avgi ( golden dawn ) what ? 
  absolutely not . 
  the leader of the greek army was led by alexandros papagos . 
  in 1951 he founded the `` greek rally '' party which won the elections . 
  when papagos died in 1955 , konstantinos karamanlis reformed the party into the national radical union . 
  after the junta in 1974 , he formed new democracy . 
  new democracy is still the ( moderate ) right wing party of greece . 
  well , these guys play on a whole different level . 
  please do list them to a petulant child . 
  then explain why refuges enter greece instead of , for example , bulgaria . 
  anyway , i 'm done arguing , my government is worthless and will be gone in a couple of months . 
  shame they will leave ruins behind them . 
  as i said , they had to create deterrents for immigrants trying to illegally enter greece . 
  but this is not in the agenda of a far-left populist government that was elected with an open border policy while at the same time chanting that greece has no sea borders . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't think i am being unreasonable for complaining that my country has turned into a refuge camp run by dubious ngo 's instead of the greek government while complaining that fyrom is defending their borders . 
  if that makes me a petulant racist/far-right child , then so be it . 
   having a concrete proposal is hard . 
  no shit . 
  we expect the elected people to come up with solutions ( that 's their job ) rather than `` giving up and blaming everyone else ( be it in the form of eu/nato/imf / us ) but themselves '' . 
  edit : my pm finally complained about the dubious npo 's encouraging immigrants to work against the interests of greece ( he said the interests of the refugees to be precise ) . 
  my question is this : `` did you just realise this ? 
  what have you been doing about them ? '', 
   who told you that the other country will receive them ? 
  it 's not like you will drop them with a parachute !, 
  well , we have the deal with turkey right now . 
  we can prioritize these people over the rest . 
  though i guess turkey would instantly stop the agreed transfers . 
  regardless , the problem should not have escalated to this extent . 
   up to last month or so , everyone along with the rest of the eu encouraged them to get in and apply at their country of preference . 
  there is a legal path you know but you do n't sound like you 'd like 50k people applying for asylum in greece because that would mean that we 'd have to feed them and house them until they get accepted or rejected . 
  i had in mind applications directly from the camps in syria while ensuring that those that do enter greece illegally will have a much more difficult time . 
  ( this needed to be done eu-wide . ), 
   you mean to tell me that more deaths happened when the traffic was bigger ? 
  no shit sherlock !, 
  yeah sure , i bet that refugees learned that greece has open borders and suddenly started to get here ; please tell me that you are not one of those `` it is syriza 's fault for the whole immigration situation !, 
  merkel holds the main responsibility with her open invitation to refugees ; and the european union for their extremely slow reaction to the problem ... they should have been offering help to the greek government from the very beginning . 
  however , luckily for her , her country is not first in line . 
  blaming merkel and the rest ( for refugee and economic policies ) is quite easy but it is useless . 
  as greeks , we can only really talk about what greece should have done . 
  syriza should never have encouraged the refuges by their calls or by closing the refuge camps but they were the far-left populist party back then . 
   where would you put them ? 
  idomeni was the natural point like kalais in france since it was the last stop before entering fyrom and pireaus is the first place where they landed from the islands . 
  the vast majority of the rest are in camps . 
  piraeus is the main port of greece , surely you agreed that along with the airport , this is the last area that you gather them at right ? 
  especially when you have an investor ( cosco ) interested in the port . 
  i 'd be willing to be that the chinese ambassador ordered tsipras to empty their port before the deal was signed two days ago . 
  as for idomeni , the problem is that the greek government was too slow with limiting unregulated movement and reopening/creating closed refuge camps . 
  closed camps is not what i consider ideal but , given the numbers , its the only realistic option . 
   saying : `` all of them should be jailed '' is not realistic no , many of them are good people . 
  the ones breaking the law and threatening greeks ? 
  most certainly and then send back to where they came from . 
   saying that a water border can be impenetrable is also unrealistic . 
  did n't say this either . 
  but , as a government , you have to create deterrents for them to avoid pursuing this path while , at the same time , offering a legal path to apply for asylum . 
   in the past these issues were dealt with proper old-school violence of the `` so-what-if-a-child-dies '' variety ; more children have died since the `` greece has no borders/hey everyone , get in here/we 'll send jihadists to europe if the imf and eu do n't bend over '' policy was adopted . 
   btw , i bet that the whole financial situation of greece is tsipras ' fault !, 
  no , not all of it is . 
  nor did i ever state that . 
  --  it is everyone 's responsibility to know what kind of suggestions or actions are realistic or not . 
  well , i can tell you with quite a high certainty that the situation in idonemi and possibly piraeus are going to turn very ugly soon because far too many immigrants have gathered there . 
  in other words , they should never have been allowed to gather like this . 
  i am not a politician , you understand that right ? 
  it is not my responsibility ( or anyone on this subreddit really ) to come up with `` solutions '' . 
  however , our government holds responsibility for what is happening within our country . 
  they have failed on every single aspect of governance from the economy to the refugee crisis . 
  unless of course their intentions is something completely different from what i want . 
  if they are not incompetent , they chose for greece to be exactly in the state that it is today . 
  why am i the government ? 
  i certainly would make sure that parts of my country are not governed by ngos and illegal immigrants or refugees . 
  nor would i allow the trade routes to be blocked to this extent . 
  oh and i would n't be distributing `` we love you but please leave our main port '' leaflets . 
  you are the government !, 
  you do n't beg , you act . 
  but its ok ... 
  they `` refugees '' , we ca n't touch them . 
  name dispute aside ; as a greek , since my government is too pathetically incompetent or willing to do anything , i can not blame fyrom for taking the situation into their own hands ( and briefly crossing the borders ) . 
  i know that many people do not like this but , i 'm sorry , even if everyone was a syrian refugee ( they ai n't ) they still need to respect the rules of the country they are visiting or they wish to visit . 
  our government will be getting constant blowjobs while the few dissenters would get executed by the word of the supposedly `` charismatic '' populist pm . 
  ( every centrist and right wing supporter gets gibbed ; far right might survive due to kammenos ), 
  it should be to / u/die _ liebe at least since he brought up the holocause as an insult . 
  to the rest of us ? 
  absolutely not . 
  [ 25 megabits per second - recommended for ultra hd quality by netflix ] ( https://help.netflix.com/en/node/306 ) [ average speed in the us : 12.6 mbps with only 24 % over 15mbps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_internet_connection_speeds ) basically you have it much better than most of the us , if you can play 4k without minutes of buffering . 
  also , bernie is an idiot . 
  having a higher average speed in the capital of a country than the average speed of a massive country is not comparable . 
  if he had compared the value to the average speed of romania in total , he might have had a point but he did not . 
  in the same way , i could idiotically start comparing my uk connection to google fiber in the us to start bitching . 
  when in truth , uk has a higher average speed with respectable connection speed to most households and no data caps . 
  nah , just a couple of months till next elections or a multi-party ( 4 + ) collaboration without tsipras as pm . 
  roman salute !, 
  we are the successor of the eastern roman empire after all . 
  well played . 
   even in lesvos you should be all-right , just avoid mitilini they are the same island ( technically mitilini is just the capital ) .
