  knowing they are 32 and 37 so still pretty young . 
  themselves ... in the south-west of france . 
  many came to live here . 
   in europe , putting a veil on is considered rebellious . 
  rebellious against what ? 
  freedom ? 
   not capable of administrating their own territory even though i agree it 's not the handled well at all and it needs more french police , i 'd like to say on a border you check the territory entries , not the exits . 
  well despite what many say , raising taxes on cigarettes and disallowing in public spaces ( although it was n't the case in 2007 yet if i remember well ) does work to reduce the number of smokers . 
  i 'd be interested in having more recent stats, 
   of course the loud swedish sjws will be very quiet about this you 'll hear from them when they 'll try to move the islamist refugees believe me . 
  more like * obey the multikultural hydra and die , or die . 
  it 's a terrible idea to keep it with the founding members of the eu . 
  perfect way to make other countries believe they are being controlled by them ... 
  as long as greece 's debts are not reduced or cleared they must repay them . 
  it 's a loan to pay a loan , but giving them more time . 
  and too bad for spain , they 'd have a great score if they would n't dislike themselves . 
  you ca n't forgive the debt before reforms since you would remove all the pressure to even reform . 
  then greek government would probably think `` well , there is no need for austerity , let 's continue how we were doing and deal with issues in 50 years '' . 
  omg !, 
  what will he wear ? 
  better trying some clothes now !, 
  that seem fair , really . 
  i tend to believe multilingual messages are complicated , if everyone does that it will fast become a pain to read a thread . 
  while i agree with you , i fear if the army is sent there will be a lot of protests saying it 's racist , and poor migrants , etc. 
  if it 's true you can be sure it 's a trap !, 
  i agree , especially since the area seem relatively small so they should put cops to watch over it all the time . 
  i do n't understand why they do n't do it ... 
  all of them !, 
  not sure people against independence would move to vote against in an unofficial election, 
  i 'm not sure what `` most men get raped by other men '' have to do with women being ruthless or no . 
  following your logic , if a woman gets assaulted by another woman , it would be normal than men do n't feel concerned ? 
  anyway , in my message i was answering a precise case from / u/savannajeff who explicitly took the example of a man raped in his sleep by a woman , and women group being `` uncaring '' . 
  that exposed the girl to sexually transmissible illness and pregnancy . 
  it 's nothing to condone or forgive , really . 
  i do n't think any men would just not care if a girl would say she got raped in her sleep . 
  so i would n't say `` just as ruthless '', 
  that 's not the right way to take the bus . 
  which prove you can be good at science and suck at social and human skills . 
  at least he apologised ... but should n't have made such comment at all, 
  i think people are just scared to be harmed or killed in a war . 
  which is normal . 
  and the eiffel tower in background . 
   if they 're good at what they do , that 's enough yes , if they 'd be good at what they are doing , that would be enough ... 
  i agree , it 's their coin and if they are proud of that battle , it 's normal to let them celebrate . 
  everyone who participated in it are long gone , there is no point getting upset over that . 
  well there is a paywall . 
  but i wonder if there are some statistics about the vatican 's ethnic groups . 
   most other europeans want the uk out . 
  no , i tend to believe europeans want uk either all in or all out ( preferably in ) but not just half/half like right now . 
  to me , the europe is too big and countries participating in it are too different ( their economy , their culture ) to make the whole properly work . 
  so i would see a smaller europe but closer . 
  more like the uk or us are . 
  true , but i ca n't think of any competent french politic . 
  this guy 's place is in prison ... 
  well , things have time to change until then . 
  some of those interpolations/predictions are really useless ... 
  damn , why ca n't this guy retire ... preferably around arctic . 
  the majority of people in france ca n't stand him . 
  most people in france do n't know about us/cuba recent relaxing . 
  he probably thinks he 'll gain some charisma to `` oppose '' the us . 
  boatbusters ? 
  after the v12 they changed the engine . 
  and they stripped opera from all its features . 
  many people ( me included ) were using opera cause it was like a tool box , email client , bittorent client , could easily block content and many gadgets . 
  anyway they lost lot of users by their own fault , they thought being like other browsers would bring them more users without seeing there is no need for another browser if it 's like others . 
  for me , i switched to firefox cause chrome is reporting everything you do to google , and i think google is already too big . 
  they were outraged to be spied on , not to spy on other countries . 
  just like every countries ... 
  like , getting a student visa and entering in the country legally ? 
  well when they try , there are protests telling they are racist ... 
   1 - those migrants live in deep shit , and i think it 's only fair that they try to find a place where they may have a future . 
  could n't they try to help to develop their own country ? 
  it 's not an unavoidable evil . 
  you could for example set all those kids with a single parent up for adoption for couples and they 'd stay with their single parent only until adopted by couple . 
  if it was a child 's right to have a mother/father , it would be outlawed to divorce when you have kids and outlawed to have a job that gets you far from your kids from too long ( army , truck driver , etc. ), 
  there are a lot of adapters sold able to take many types of plugs . 
  they should simply use those sockets for everything . 
  i 'd prefer to get a utc time zone , would make more sense . 
  i 'm french and i 'd say england cause i went a few times there . 
  nice people , beautiful country . 
  does n't need to be a social media , google itself stores everything you do , all your searches , everywhere you go if you have an account ( and even if you do n't but use chrome ) . 
  nice . 
  got the same for women of 18/60 ? 
   europe can easily be defeated without much fight , the us not so . 
  i do n't think european armies are that bad . 
  i 'm curious to see actual statistics showing women are more at risk to be the victim of a crime . 
  i have strong doubts of that . 
  i 'd like a gay only compartiment also , is it possible ? 
  you know what would have even less congestion , fewer accidents , reduced fuel consumption ? 
  trains, 
  you mean time , not body, 
  it 's very different . 
  in the us they run everything on loans . 
  when they are young they get small ones to get points to be allowed to get bigger ones later . 
  they are taught to live way above what they earn and as such they have a giant tv , giant car , giant house , etc. 
  usually feminists are calling that `` safe spaces '' they love it , they want them everywhere . 
  what they hate are male areas not female areas . 
  i do n't think she has a plan a either, 
   the problem is n't merkel , it 's the people that elected her . 
  and you ca n't vote on them i 'm afraid .
