when you think about it , it 's not different than breasts enlargement surgery for women . 
  after the freedom fries the peace fries ? 
  it 's also getting complicated to try to get deals with other countries if they know there is a risk france will cancel for political reasons . 
  i think everyone is fine with them showing their disapproval by peacefully protesting but looting is not showing disapproval , it 's stealing , it 's destroying . 
  that 's just the best way to get everyone against them , and that 's precisely what 's happening . 
  do n't try to find excuse to their actions . 
  probably for ukraine for a start, 
  ideally the warship should be just bought by europe itself and used as defence . 
   we can destroy the usa or russia if we unite . 
  mh no , and it would n't even be the point . 
  but giving europe more weight in the militry balance would be nice . 
  i agree , although i do n't think it 's a ridiculous claim at all . 
  i personally think verbal messages should have been in the country 's native language and repeated in english . 
  but i agree france should have said it in english too . 
  i thought it was a spectacle to show the diversity of european countries . 
   it 's the most widely used language because it is the best . 
  no language is better than another . 
  english is ( for now ) the most widely used cause of the us 's economic power and england 's colonial past . 
  there were many songs that were in the country 's native language over the years in eurovision . 
  i do n't really understand why it was suddenly a problem this year . 
  i do n't think his comment was to play who has the biggest . 
  france needs reforms but as soon as a government try to pass any , everyone is in the streets complaining . 
  frenchs wants reforms that touch their neighbour , not themselves . 
  in france every year they say they 'll stop it , and they never do . 
  honestly i do n't care so much , it 's not a big bother to change by one hour twice a year but there is no big benefit either . 
  really ? 
  there were a lot of changes in rituals along centuries . 
  and by looking `` like mine '' , do you mean a penis that looks natural , just like the actual your actual god made them according to your religion ? 
  i could n't care less how your penis looks like , i 'm even fine with letting people get a circumcision but only when they are in age to decide themselves . 
  if someone wanted to ensure that everybody has a penis that looks like their it 's certainly more the multilation adepts than the people who are against it . 
  yes it 's cause they are brown , nothing to do with the irreversible ablation of one of the most sensitive part of their genital without their consent / s, 
  really ? 
  let 's try with another then `` no point in banning female genital mulilation they 'll do it in their home country anyway '' does it still make a nice point ? 
  the point in banning it is to protect body integrity of children from mutilations , if it could even at least lower the number of ritual mutilation it would be a good thing . 
  comparing ears piercing to the irreversible ablation of one of the most sensitive part of the male genitals ? 
  that 's audacious and senseless . 
  could make 3 types of standard chargers , one for ultrabook , one for middle class laptops and one for huge gaming laptops for example . 
  that would still be better than one different charger for each laptop model or almost like it 's currently the case . 
  well it 's sad then , cause laptops really need a standard charger too ... 
  it 's a law , whether you agree with it or no changes nothing to the fact you have to comply with it . 
  i meant those growing vegetables actually not those farming animals . 
  i 'm living in the south of france , near pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es . 
  for truck drivers i do n't know , but i know enough farmers to know there is no sympathy to have for them . 
  train , planes , bus , underground , truck driver and farmers ( who love to block highways ) , yeah they are quiet annoying . 
  it 's more like if a law would force french people to talk to you in french even if they would know dutch . 
  not quiet the same thing . 
   makes it harder for us authorities to get a warrant/intercept the data . 
  yes , they would at least have to give a call to the local spy agency to get all the data they need ( if it 's not automated ) . 
  so hard ... 
   eu elections next year , let 's make it all illegal ... let me give you a basic rule in politic : `` every promise a politician makes should be considered canceled if the said politician gets elected . '', 
  that would be great indeed . 
  for those of us who travel often in another country . 
  and i believe you should also read about the male genital mutilations : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/male_genital_mutilation#male_genitals it 's not just circumcision ... but it 's normal people do n't know about it since people like you keep others from talking about it . 
  so sad to have an european firm ate like that from the inside by an american one . 
  nokia would probably have done better if they would have continued on meego ... 
  was n't it `` an act of was '' when it was china spying the us ? 
  everyone agree using chemical weapons is bad . 
  but again , using any weapon is bad and i 'm 100 % sure france and us also have those type of weapons and use them from time to time discretely ... 
  when you are moving for your job it 's your firm that pay the travel usually , not yourself . 
  yes , they run the country , who is benefiting from it ? 
  themselves or everyone ? 
  how can you pretend to decide for people when you earn 10 time more than the average people . 
  they do n't have a clue how average people live . 
  if the only thing they want is to earn money , it 's fine , they can go in the private sector like you say . 
  the goal of a politician should have is to improve life of people and fix issues , not trying to bury himself in gold . 
  i like how people say `` circlejerk '' everytimes someone disagree with them , it shows how immature they are . 
  afford ? 
  why would they need more money than the average person ? 
  is the average salary not high enaugh to live ? 
  if it 's good for the average people , it 's good for them . 
  they should only be allowed to earn the average salary of their country . 
  so if they 'd want a better one , they 'd have to manage to raise it for everyone . 
  and could you be a little more specific on what 's untrue ? 
  best would be no sharing at all and no spying at all but i guess that would be too hard for them to understand . 
  took english classes in school which gives a wreak base and tend to make us hate the language . 
  mostly learned cause i made few friends in video games . 
   however , you are conflating spying with censorship no , i 'm just using spying as an example to show your behavior shaming uk citizens for the porn ban is stupid . 
  their government does n't do what 's good for citizens , just like yours . 
  you are just a random internet troll . 
  uk citizens did n't ask for the government to censor internet , just like you did n't ask your government to wiretap all your communications . 
  you really think your government doing illegal things is something you should be proud of ? 
  you should learn to think by yourself and more critic toward your country . 
  how is the spying going lately ? 
  did your government got all the ssl masterkeys of biggest websites already ? 
  that 's a stupid comment . 
  if you choose english i could tell you `` because communicating with south america is over-rater '' or china , or whatever . . 
  actually esperanto is the most obvious choice for it . 
  opera ( internet browser ) is norwegian , tho it 's not a service . 
  pretty sure he has some other things to say that would put the us and probably some other countries in a bad position ... 
  i mean even worse than they are now . 
  so yeah i think the problem is not as much what he did than what they fear he 'll do . 
  yeah , to me it means they openly laught at their citizens ... 
  good , although we should have done that long ago , before calais even went out of hand, 
  yes , and they just walk free after ... 
  think it 's more `` you do n't get rich by getting friends '', 
  so that just mean for each men you accept in , you have , 4 or 5 people coming ... that 's not better at all . 
  stupid question : if they get an asylum accepted in one of the country of the schengenarea ; does n't it allow them to go anywhere in the schengen area ? 
  just a precision . 
  there are different ranks in the `` l\u00e9gion d'honneur '' and sadly , they gave it to so many people ( the large majority not deserving ) that it 's now pretty meaningless . 
  is n't it strange that these persons are not in prison ?
