  not really ... no one agree 100 % with a politician they vote for . 
  in most cases they vote for the one that seem to be the least stupid and incompetent to them . 
  so no people are not to blame for her actions, 
  i 'm drinking bottled water . 
  tap water is supposed to be potable but it smells too much like chlorine , i do n't trust it . 
  i was expecting more than juste 20 actually, 
  it would also be nice to have datas on which religion is most accepting of which other . 
  like : do atheist accept more christians than jewish ? 
  do muslin accept more a buddhist than an atheist ? 
  and such, 
   after the initial euphoria mh no ... except for merkel and migrants themselves , there was n't any euphoria . 
  no one ask them to become german right away , or french or whatever . 
  no one ask them to directly master the language right away . 
  but not being violent and accepting the host country 's traditions/ways of doing is ** the very least to be expected ** , even right arriving , yes . 
  0 , when you go in a country to ask for their help you 'd better accept their traditions and not be violent . 
  a big bear flexing his muscles in front of a bunch of gay pigs ... mh ... to me it looks like he wants to be part of the fun . 
  do n't forget it ` snot a one time thing but it 's yearly also the stats he gave are just for 2015, 
  no squatting lessons ? 
  ca n't be eastern european, 
  no it 's unlikely , too many people literally hate him . 
  one who has real chances is alain jupp\u00e9 . 
  chill dude , it 's just a stab in the neck !, 
  that 's actually exactly how i was seing imigration in my county, 
  i tend to think it 's cause france dare to think by itself . 
  to troll ? 
  seing the character , he is probably preparing a robot body and will come back as mecha_putin after death, 
   we do n't really care about you i would n't say do n't care , we even like them . 
  i never saw anyone saying they dislike or do n't care about italians ... or englishs ... or spanishs , or germans , etc. 
  french people have short memory and he is using the tensions against migrants and muslims ... so there is a risk, 
   burka is mostly only seen in afghanistan we see more and more of them in the west ( at least in france but i assume also in germany ), 
  so , we agree that it was n't something necessary ? 
  and now they may actually feel forced to do so while they did n't even want in the first place . 
   they clearly knew if they decided to join the police did n't they know about the police uniform before joining ? 
  while i agree that not every muslim is a murderer ( or an extremist fortunately ) saying that if someone is a victim therefore they can not be murderer is weird logic, 
  wow , the montain vanished !, 
  migrants in france comes in large majority from morocco and algeria, 
   why integrate with a culture that actively hates your existence ? 
  if that was true , why would they even want to migrate to those countries ? 
  strange it 's like 49 % of the population have been forgotten, 
  well you are free to move to uk !, 
  ... no wait, 
  ah , they again changed the way they count unemployment rate ? 
  does it means the movie alien proves dangerous aliens exists ? 
  wow first time i hear from that . 
  it 's terrible !, 
  how ?!, 
  i mean , in germany they should n't be affected by the propaganda , so how can they be pro-dictator ? 
  they were progressive 30 years ago ... 
  they just go backward since . 
  well france was n't existing yet , so no . 
  but where he is born is in the middle of what 's now france, 
  [ it 's not exactly from now ] ( https://imgur.com/ajnylsn ), 
  a. poll i assume ordered by the gouvernement ? 
  reassure their respective population . 
  when a firm is too big there is no way to have healthy competition since if someone release a service , the trust will be able to beat the newcomer easily or buy it , increasing its size even more . 
  big firms also tend put pressure on their partners so they do n't use other services . 
  finally , big firms promote their linked services , whiles it 's normal it also contribute to kill competition . 
  example : yes gmail is nice , but have you registred to it because it was the best ? 
  reading tests ? 
  or cause it was promoted on google / you needed an account on your android / youtube ? 
  have you even thought about using another service ? 
   and the fiscal compact with 3 % deficit spending ? 
  france is also above it , so are portugal , and spain ( and uk ) . 
  moreover scotland would probably receive more money from eu than they would give . 
  yes !, 
  fortunately , british people would never do [ that ] ( http://www.plymouthherald.co.uk/polish-family-in-plymouth-terrorised-by-racist-arsonists-who-left-note-saying-go-home/story-29488159-detail/story.html#ixzz4dk2jlhcl ), 
  yes , there is a slight unbalance between uk and china 's size , economical power , and import/export ratio ... 
   she was passed out drunk or drugged ? 
  or has tetraplegia !, 
  looking forward to have to sign a contract and notify police 24h before we want to have sex . 
  you know just to be sure everyone properly agrees . 
  cause he was on the head of a rich country when he did it . 
   til `` downvote '' = different opinion . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  i see it 's your first day , hope you 'll enjoy your stay . 
   edit : kek , anything pro-trump is downvoted . 
  may enrichment come your way i know right ? 
  those darn people with an opinion different from yours !, 
  they sell it at the price of the meat not the price of the oil, 
  no , they write only 1/3 would back it ... so 2/3 would n't, 
  well yes , i ca n't think of someone seing what happens in uk and thinking `` mmmh looks like a good idea ! '', 
   farage and bojo co-piloted the uk hijacked more than copiloted . 
  oh a protest with thousands of people ... 
  i bet it would be a good idea to stand alone protesting for the contrary ... 
  it can in theory but the position of uk staying in eu will fast become unsustainable since i doubt they would let have any of the special deal and treatment like they used to . 
  [ here , just for you !, 
  ] ( https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-xglx2kth0gs/tqeekqgqzyi/aaaaaaaaee0/b-gutkid3wk/s1600/godwinpoint_paranomagazine.png ), 
  not allowing false advertising is a form of limit of free speech . 
  you ca n't tell everything you want but more so , you ca n't lead people to believe everything you say . 
  yeah ( and yes , i 'm also against religions ), 
  if you try to teach it and get other to think so to , yeah, 
  i 'm not sure if `` free speech '' should include denial of history and proven facts . 
  if you say `` 1 +1 = 3 '' and try to get others to believe so , it should n't be free speech . 
  french politic ... that 's enough to prove she is, 
  this guy lives in his dream, 
  yes . 
  there are many ( british ? ), 
  people who seem to think uk have more power alone than the rest of ue . 
  that 's disturbing , it 's either being seriously arrogant or ignoring the reality . 
  you misunderstand .
