serbian-born hungarian here . 
  i live in germany and i have a spanish girlfriend . 
  i never cared about nationality and i think i never will . 
   always go for the compromise except instantly after unification support the unilateral declarations of independence in the former yugoslavia ( see the `` danke deutschland '' banner in zagreb 1991 ) . 
  you may see this as right or wrong but it 's not `` treading lightly '' . 
   rue , but this happened directly after a tough foreign occupational force ( the ussr ) had fallen and pulled completely false . 
  yugoslavia was never occupied by the ussr . 
  i know !, 
  i know !, 
  you pulled it out of your ass !, 
  i am not saying it is . 
  i agree , there are countries that rely on weapons exports more . 
  quantitatively us exports the largest amounts of weapons in the world . 
  is this ok ? 
   the us already restricts exports of sensitive tech or weapons to many countries . 
  of course the us does n't export technology that can endanger it 's domination . 
  the us is the world 's largest waepons exporter considering quantity . 
  there is nothing dishonest in saying that . 
  you are banalizing my point . 
  read some of my other comments , because the only thing tiresome is answering condescending comments like these . 
   its human nature to fight over resources especially when they belong to someone else , right ? 
  your point about the sumerians is mute , everybody fought back then , yet somehow western europe has not seen war since ww2 while the middle east is a shitfest , in a lot of which western europe is participating . 
  these are failed states in the first place . 
  they were created when the colonial powers took a ruler and drew lines in the sand to split up the oil in the region . 
  they do not encompass any cultural , ethnic , ideological or any other entity . 
  they can only be kept together by authoritarian regimes for this reason . 
  authoritarian regimes were supported or opposed by the west for the sole purpose of maintaining a steady supply of oil . 
  democratic governemnts were often directly toppled . 
  the current political situation in the region is not entirely , but to a large degree the responsibility of the us , uk , france , etc. 
  i highly doubt the us , the worlds biggest weapons exporter would ever propose or cooperate on such a thing . 
  ah , yes , they are savages by nature . 
  maybe if the us was n't encouraging saddam to attack iran he would 've stayed away from kuwait too . 
  `` big powers '' is not just nato . 
  so ... this approach is working , right ? 
  or are you suggesting a permanent occupation of the middle east ? 
  bombing libya not much , the rest - a lot . 
  no , not a plot ( far from the west remaining neutral ) , but invading iraq , arming the former ba'athists , bombing libya , etc. 
  very clearly was . 
  well it 's an approach we did n't try in a few centuries ... 
  not really . 
  it is illegal under international law to supply weapons to militant groups that are not official forces of un-recognized states . 
  iraq should not have been invaded in the first place . 
  no , but if `` the big powers '' stopped fucking around the middle east and africa , that would go a long way . 
  well , that is of course reducing my argument to the absurd . 
  it is not that simple , however as the west jumped to support the rebels against assad , a lot of the weapons supplied to them , as well as a lot of what was supplied to the new iraqi army ended up in isis ' hands . 
  now in syria we have a `` a la yugoslavia '' clusterfuck with uncountable militias in which everyone has a favourite , and nobody can quite gain a complete victory . 
  all this is a result of geopolitical battles for a dwindling resource and its distirbution . 
  let 's not act surprised there is a humanitarian disaster in the middle east . 
  ps : i do n't think you quite understand what `` wishful thinking '' means . 
  unless you are implying i want germany 's meager support for the kurds to be the reason of the war , or whatever ... 
  at no point did i claim that . 
  what is wishful thinking ? 
   are you a nazi croat ? 
  well , he obviously is . 
  nikoli\u0107 is a buffoon . 
  but he is right on one thing ... 
  i saw a man in germany holding up a sign `` when you export weapons and support wars - you should n't be surprised by war refugees '' . 
  hey , the guy was from vojvodina . 
  do n't mess with that . 
  balkans war 3 : macedonia reconsidered . 
  note to self : invade slovakia . 
  you mean south serbia , right ? 
  if we had a border we would be at war already . 
  you are lucky , you ... 
  well , we have n't been to war in 16 years !, 
  what kind of a hippie commune of a country are we running here bre ?!, 
  generations are growing up without ever hearing artillery fire , if we do n't do something they will all grow up to be gays . 
  time to piss off the west !, 
  the thing is - i did n't . 
  one line closed so the clerk sent us to the neighbouring one , i was waiting for 10 mins when they arrived , and i made it first to the line ( by going a bit faster ) . 
  and i explained later . 
  tourists ( like me ) from hungary in greece standing behind me complaining that we cut the line ( i was with some serbian people , talking in serbian ) . 
  at one point i just turned around ( after good 5 mins ) and explained in fluent hungarian that they are wrong . 
  the looks on their faces ... 
  but ukraine is not in the nato . 
  that makes things quite a bit more complicated for nato to get involved . 
  at this point nato could make `` united against the weak '' it 's official motto . 
  well , maybe , but it 's one of the first things i noticed too . 
  even the smallest german villages have really nice sidewalks . 
  huge contrast to serbia where you can step in the mud if you turn at a corner from knez mihailova . 
  although not caring about beer ... jesus f. christ ... 
  i am from vojvodina . 
  i live in germany now . 
  i am far from being obsessed with anything . 
  i did n't know there was a competition on , but if so , congratulations , the ustashe have won it . 
  i was not at all defending the chetniks . 
  those fucking neutrons ? 
  neverrr !!, 
  why stop at atoms ? 
  have you been following the news from cern ? 
  dream on ottoman ... i would focus on you `` eastern part '' ( * wink , wink * ) if i were you . 
  well , milo\u0161evi\u0107 was trying to make it more `` realistic '' , winning by 50,1 % usually ... 
  they `` did n't let '' a lot of things happen ... 
  now ... to find those 2.3 % !, 
  this book was written by a dermatologist with no experience in history in general , or the history of the balkans in particular . 
  cohen worked briefly with bill clinton 's administration . 
  this remains his only book on the subject . 
  cohen does n't speak any language from the region . 
  and if harald turner was a serb , i am a navajo . 
  oh , you found a book !,
