  here 's the [ video excerpt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zdhgqjqxpm ) . 
  he 's not talking about violent crimes , he 's talking about `` people who do n't abide by our law and values '' . 
  and he 's pretty clear on the `` millions '' part . 
  who will be the one to decide what those values are , who are the criminals and which one will stay or go ? 
  the sad thing i see here is that moderate voters are not becoming more extreme , they just rationalize extreme arguments and defend untenable positions , driven by the urge to adopt the fastest way to get rid of problems that have been brewing in their backyard for decades . 
  and all that is left in the end by pursuing such biblical tales of judgement and exodus is inaction and deepening rifts in our societies . 
   you can be virtually certain that there would be no outrage if the pm had said `` pleur op '' about such a person . 
  of course , because context is everything in this case . 
  when wilders called for the [ mass deportation and stripping of nationality ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2009/06/millions_of_muslims_cause_prob/ ) of millions of muslims , telling a non-ethnic dutch citizen to `` go away '' is no longer an everyday phrase , it 's a political slogan . 
  i see rutte 's words as bringing these extremist fantasies closer to the mainstream . 
  and yes , that 's a serious issue , not because of political correctness but because they 're misleading the mainstream voters away from all the other moderate ( but practical ) alternatives to resolve this issue . 
  see , you 're doing the same thing . 
  there are hordes of pure dutchies that live in social housing and milk all the state benefits but you only chose to complain about your fellow citizens that do n't self-identify as dutch and hold political beliefs that you 're not ok with . 
  i 'm not saying you should completely accept their behavior , just that you should accept that at the end of the day , whether you like it or not , these are citizens with the same rights as you and there 's no `` going back '' for them . 
  maybe the past generations should have been a bit more careful when bringing in cheap labour , but now it 's done and we should all just face it and try to make it work somehow . 
  complaining about dutch citizens that do n't identify as dutch as much as you 'd like is not productive . 
  and it serves the right-wing demagogues who promise that they 'll make the problem `` magically '' disappear , while in reality they worsen it by increasing the impact of extremists in both communities . 
  i would n't say it 's `` perfectly fine '' . 
  it 's not just about the profanity , there 's still the issue that a pm seems to legitimize the problematic view that you can tell some citizens of your country to `` go back '' , despite the fact that a good portion of them were born , studied and worked in the netherlands and have never held any other citizenship than the dutch one . 
  sure , they may identify as turks more than dutch but that 's their own right . 
  telling them to go back is no different than when people told jews to go back to israel or communists to go back to russia . 
  the biggest issue with this attitude is that you 're basically establishing the fact that some of your citizens have more rights than others , just because of their lineage and stance on their nationality . 
  it 's a tricky situation and i believe it 's natural to an extent for the average person to hold such a belief , because we tend to see nationality and citizenship as identical . 
  but a pm should be more careful with his words given the fact that he is also representing , and being paid by , those citizens that he instinctively asked to `` go back '' . 
  it 's better in the sense that we 're not stuffing our mattresses with euros this year . 
  capital controls are somewhat relaxed , although it 's still a huge barrier for new businesses . 
  and there are some indications that there 's a slight decrease in the unemployment rate , although it 's way too small to notice at this point . 
  still , it 's almost impossible to find a job that can actually support a single person . 
  or if you 're self-employed , enough work to even pay taxes and insurance fees . 
  it 's been like that since 2012 , but the difference now is that most people have abandoned all hope that real change is coming any time soon . 
  so , like in a weather forecast , it 's probably a little better in absolute terms but ` feels ' somewhat worse . 
  it 's a bit hard to find a job when all the double-salary , unionized , 4-hours-a-day do-nothing jobs in the public sector are all taken by the previous generation . 
  who sadly ca n't retire at age 50 anymore and will have to wait a few more years to get their fat debt-funded pensions , then stick around for a couple more decades to vote for whichever demagogue promises to keep his hands off their sweet paychecks . 
  and sure , most of the current generation are just lazy fucks like the previous one , but at least they wo n't be stealing anyone 's future . 
  also , most commentators speculated that ttip was already dead on the day after the brexit vote and would probably get reincarnated as a new agreement in the future . 
  so it probably cost them nothing at this point to reject a deal that was n't going forward anyway . 
  in theory the accession of an independent state to another is legal . 
  what is specifically prohibited is annexation of territory . 
  this is practically the only reason crimea was declared independent for a short time before acceding to russia . 
  of course from the pov of the rest of the world crimea was never recognized as an independent state , so legally this is considered an annexation and is the rationale behind the sanctions against russia . 
  in practice , even when an independent state is recognized , accession can still be considered illegal , e.g. 
  by not recognizing the legitimacy of the current government or the validity of a referendum . 
  minority regions are also a tricky issue : other states can recognize regional governments as independent states and declare them as occupied territories , often giving themselves the right to intervene in their favor . 
  tl ; dr : you can always find an excuse to do whatever you want in international law . 
  the article talks about 6/10 migrants to europe * in general * . 
  not just through the aegean route . 
  there are many less perilous paths for economic migrants . 
  and the majority of people claiming falsely to be from syria/iraq are arabic speakers ( i.e. 
  north africa ) so to assume they 're coming from morocco/tunisia/egypt / etc. 
  to europe through the aegean is a bit far-fetched ; most of these people come through italy and spain . 
  also , not taking any sides here on whether they should have left turkey , whether it 's better for them/us to have them in europe or not . 
  i think it 's a pretty crappy situation for both sides , but i also think that all civilized countries should bear their share of the burden equally . 
  but one thing is clear : they did flee a war in the first place , so they are refugees . 
  i do n't know about in general , but for the people who arrived through the sea routes to greece the percentage of refugees ( i.e. 
  fulfilling the asylum criteria ) is [ estimated at 75 % . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2015/09/economist-explains-4 ) also from what i 've personally heard from volunteers close to the arrival points , the largest group by far is syrians and that the whole `` the majority is economic migrants '' is a bit of a myth . 
  in greece , part of the reason they are helped is purely historical . 
  the same routes were used by millions of greek refugees after 1922 and their stories are still engraved in the collective memory of the people . 
  at this point almost half of the greek population are descendants of these refugees and there are still whole villages and suburbs labelled as ` prosfygika ' ( refugee ) . 
  half of my family tree comes from refugees , for example , and the stories i was told were quite vivid . 
  i 've seen people , especially among the elderly , who are otherwise against immigration change their attitudes completely when it comes to refugees of war . 
  i suppose in a way they see helping them as a way of paying tribute to their ancestors . 
  interestingly , in some of the smaller islands in the south that were never settled by refugees , people seem to be somewhat more hostile . 
  it 's true , i 'm one of them . 
  only as long as their stock lasts though since i 'm pretty sure they 'll start raising the prices . 
  that 's a popularly held belief , but the south ( southern greece , italy & spain ) did n't have it as easy as you might think . 
  while winters were mild , there was very little arable land before modern irrigation and fertilizers . 
  drought was a constant risk and there were often periods of 2-3 years with little output -- folk stories from that era are often about extreme poverty and starvation , with people praying for rain and so on . 
  that also meant that proportionally a larger part of the agricultural output came from livestock , which is more labour intensive and harder to scale . 
  ultimately this meant that the agricultural revolution that happened in the rest of europe ( i.e. 
  large scale farming of staple crops ) never really took place in these areas , and the lack of the labour surplus that follows it hindered the transition to urbanization and manufacturing-based economies . 
  in greece for instance , this only fully took place around the 1950s . 
  so in a sense the climate played a role , but not in the way most people think : basically being late by about 100-150 years for the industrial revolution is not a good starting point for building a stable economy . 
  do n't mean to sound technical , but jurisdiction and recognition are two entirely different things . 
  a state can recognize the court as an international organization but not accept its jurisdiction i.e. 
  `` i accept your legitimacy over trying african dictators but not for my own citizens '' . 
  some would call it a. . . * final solution !, 
  * heh , i 'm sure german redditors never get tired of this joke, 
  * everyone stops arguing and stares at the german who made the racist joke *, 
  it only seems straightforward and simple because it 's produced at a massive scale in china . 
  try paying for a custom-made coffee table and you 'll see the difference : even the cost of the raw materials is multiple times higher than the mass-produced counterpart . 
  or high-end ergonomic desk chairs , these can easily cost  $ 1,000 today . 
  some day you might be able to easily print a parametric model that fits your needs exactly . 
  on top of that , the transport cost will be minimal and 3d printed furniture could use recycled material and get recycled themselves later . 
  also , it does n't mean that the whole thing should be made out of plastic . 
  it 's possible that in the future ikea will be selling cheap standardized parts that ca n't be 3d printed ( e.g. 
  table tops , cushions , metal extrusions ) that can be used with different types of 3d printed skeletons . 
  and whether that is uncomfortable or sub-par depends primarily on the design . 
  everything might look primitive and bulky right now but when/if it becomes a viable industry , the quality of the available models will be much better . 
  that might work for law or finance internships where prestige plays a role , but not in stem . 
  if you were serving coffee on the iss , that 's a nice story but for the interviewer you might as well have spent a year working for starbucks . 
  the real question is why in 2016 there 's still no centralized database of this data for eu banks always available to tax authorities . 
  i mean , how the hell can somebody still evade taxes through * luxembourg * of all places ? 
  the people setting up those bank accounts are literally a few blocks away from where the eu council meets . 
  brief explanation : currency inflation is an artificial factor that masks the actual costs and risks in financial decisions , which leads to inefficient resource allocation . 
  something around the 3 % is just the threshold of what people perceive as stable prices and beyond that they will start behaving differently . 
  so in your example , the risk of borrowing is diluted because both the lender and the borrower factor in their expectation of what inflation will be while the debt is being repaid . 
  the market is more efficient when both parties focus on estimating the risk of the actual investment . 
  wealth storage is another example of loss of efficiency : some sectors of the economy ( e.g. 
  real estate ) are artificially enlarged above their real demand as people are driven towards safe investments .
