the fact that germany would have never won the war does n't mean that the outcome would have been the same in all cases . 
  without the heavy losses in the eastern front , it 's reasonable to believe that the allied invasion would have taken much longer or not happen at all ; the war could have ended with a partial german defeat and an armistice from both sides . 
  i did n't claim to be a historian or anything , i 'm just speculating here based on the facts that i know about . 
  all i know is that most historians agree that one of the reasons for the total failure of operation barbarossa was the delay and , specifically for the battle of moscow , the blizzards that hit the region in december . 
  miracle or not , the fact that they were so close to moscow leads me to believe that they actually had a chance to take the city . 
  i did n't claim that this would have been enough for the success of the whole operation , but maybe it would have reduced their casualties or halted the soviet counter-attack for a while . 
  now if you happen to know some fact i 'm missing that would have made it impossible for them to take moscow no matter what , then please share it . 
  it would have been a better use for the time you spent writing that comment instead of throwing your mini-tantrum . 
  this is a public forum , not a journal , and if you disagree you can always reply with your counter-argument instead of a generic appeal to authority . 
  the germans were at 5km from moscow in december 1941 . 
  without the delay of about 2 months due to the balkan campaign , they would have made it there before the winter started , and it is generally agreed that the harsh weather that followed played a significant role in their defeat . 
  taking moscow might not have lead to the success of operation barbarossa , but it would have made it possible for the germans to reach a prolonged stalemate that might have given them time to reorganize . 
  it 's of course hard to make predictions about hypothetical events and these facts have been definitely overstated by greek/allied propaganda , but regarding the role that the total defeat in the eastern front played in the overall outcome of the war , the margin was smaller than most people realize . 
  we do n't like to talk about the ending so much . 
  let 's say that everyone lived happily ever after and some were sent to a mandatory long-term vacation on the islands . 
  i 'm sure they 'll switch when they hear that the a666 has compartments 1cm shorter than any carry-on luggage currently available . 
  * flown exclusively by ryanair . 
   this is a topic for historians and not for politicians . 
  it 's been more than a century , there was plenty of time to collect all the evidence , hundreds of books and thousands of papers have been written on the subject and most ( non-turkish at least ) historians agree that these events fit the criteria for a genocide . 
  you can call it systematic ethnic cleansing or whatever other term you prefer , but the basic fact is that the plan was to exterminate the armenians . 
  there 's no point in trying to compare or justify what happened , there was a war , horrible crimes happened from all sides and one of those horrible crimes was the armenian genocide . 
  ironically the only one who 's trying to politicize this issue at this point are people like you . 
  nobody is trying to blame modern turkey or make them look like the `` bad guy '' , the victims and perpetrators have all been dead for generations and the historical conditions that existed back then are no longer relevant . 
  the only damage to turkey is being done by turks themselves , because the rest of the world is n't criticizing your nation for a few dark pages in its past , it 's criticizing it for attempting to rewrite history today . 
  just own up to it and move on . 
  that 's not what i mean , there are a lot of qualified people that could at least gain some income in part-time or freelance jobs in their area , which can potentially turn into full-time positions or provide them with enough income to live on . 
  but the insurance fees and taxes are so high in both cases that both the employer and employee are discouraged from taking that risk . 
  from the employer 's perspective , paying more than 1000 $ / month and having to deal with all the administrative risk and work regulations , just to have an underpaid , unhappy employee who is ready to leave on the next opportunity is often not worth the investment . 
  i 'm not saying doing something about this would solve the unemployment issue overnight , but having highly qualified people sitting at home and understaffed companies at the same time is just a huge waste . 
  the greek situation makes no sense to me . 
  there 's a huge generational gap in income , with the previous generation getting pensions often above 1000 $ ( the average right now is 882 $ ) and the younger earning around 600 $ for a full time job . 
  we could easily reduce those pensions by 200 $ , reduce the insurance fees for younger people and then they could afford to live on their own . 
  and at the same time provide them with a better incentive to actively seek employment . 
  yet the main argument seems to be that we ca n't reduce these pensions because those parents have to support their underpaid/unemployed children who are stilling living under their roof !, 
  yep , if there 's not much scientific value it 's not really different than drilling for oil . 
  and those people seem to have a better use for that money than china 's nouvaeu riche . 
  for its size , it 's still a relatively diverse economy with two large `` bonus '' industries ( tourism and shipping ) , decent infrastructure and a well-educated workforce . 
  i would call it an economy with weaknesses , but most of them were internal and self-limiting . 
  it was definitely far from failing until it joined the euro . 
  there would have been some issues along the way and pressure towards competitiveness and fiscal responsibility , but compared to being on the verge of bankruptcy they would seem more like small bumps along the road . 
  i think you might be misinterpreting some things . 
  up to the year 2000 greece 's national debt was high but largely sustainable , i.e. 
  there was enough growth to service it and then some , and living standards were at similar levels as today ( actually a bit higher probably ) . 
  the economy was mismanaged to a large extent , public spending and tax evasion were higher than they should be , but both issues were under control and the overall situation was stable . 
  the government used `` taxation through inflation '' to a large extent and at the same time inflation naturally limited the amount it could borrow . 
  after greece joined the eurozone , both governments in place back then went on a borrowing spree , and without the ability to inflate the currency they kept running consistently high deficits . 
  cue in 2008 and the financial crisis , borrowing costs became extremely high and there was n't a way to cover up deficits anymore , so the budget spiraled out of control and the whole country went overboard . 
  had greece stayed where it was around the year 2000 , i.e. 
  not joined the euro , we would n't even be talking about this . 
  it would have missed the unsustainable [ spike of growth ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/embed/?s=wgdpgree&amp;v=201610011458o&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231&amp;h=300&amp;w=600 ) in the 2000-2010 period ( of which the average person in greece saw very little in practice ) , but the debt would be sustainable and living standards would have remained high . 
  so sure , greece had massively incompetent government and structural weaknesses , but to equate that to basically `` all economic activity in greece was only based on borrowed money '' is just silly . 
  the majority never voted for any ` gifts ' , since the 80s most people just blindly voted for the conservative or the socialist party depending on which side their family stood on during the civil war . 
  which still means they 're responsible for putting two highly corrupt parties in power all these years , but it 's ridiculous to believe that the average voter was directly getting something in return for his/her vote . 
  and the fact is that this fantasy of a whole society being punished for their sins is not even true . 
  those that evaded the tax system still do and the civil servants who retired early are collecting their pensions every 1st of the month . 
  it 's mostly the people who lived paycheck-to-paycheck and did n't make a single cent from the previous situation that are now struggling . 
  the worst things that happened to most of the upper-middle/upper class was to maybe sell their third car or switch to renting a yacht instead of owning one . 
  i agree , but the burkini ban is ridiculous . 
  it trivializes the whole issue . 
  source for that ? 
  the [ data ] ( http://reports.weforum.org/global-gender-gap-report-2015/ ) seems to suggest this is n't the case . 
  why ? 
  this is literally the only piece of news i 've seen on that subject that 's not utterly depressing for once . 
  remember when it was ok to commit gay people to asylums and castrate them ? 
  that was in the 50s in europe & the us , a little after women were given the right to vote . 
  do you think our societies back then knew that it was `` bad '' but kept doing it anyway , just to be naughty ? 
  it 's an investment , not an expense ... 
  that might lower unemployment in absolute terms but it means that greece is left with a smaller , less qualified workforce that has to bear the full cost of the crippled social security system . 
  so the net effect might actually be an increase of unemployment in relative terms . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  currency devaluation would work if greece 's main issue were inflated labor costs . 
  but while total factor productivity is low , labour productivity in greece has always been quite high . 
  this means that in absolute terms the value per unit of labour would n't increase dramatically as salaries would have to be adjusted to maintain the current level of labour output , or at least not high enough to raise the economy 's competitiveness overall . 
  greece was until recently in a situation where a lot of cheap labour and a large amount of capital made it into the economy , yet somehow it did n't manage to create enough value out of it . 
  this basically hints at structural problems that ca n't be solved by simply devaluing the currency . 
  it would have made it easier to deal with the public debt issue , but this merely exposed the long-standing weaknesses of a broken economy . 
  to give you an example of a structural deficiency , greece 's tax code and legal system has long favored small , family owned businesses with < 10 employees . 
  the goal was to make the market more ` fair ' , but in reality it discourages these companies to grow beyond that point and compete with foreign ones that can drive up their economies of scale and have access to cheaper financing . 
  true , but then he probably ca n't find germany on the map so it kind of evens out :d and judging by his track record as a businessman , i 'd say he 's pretty experienced in dealing with massive bankruptcy and corruption . 
  he would feel right at home !, 
  well , for what it 's worth i hope he knows that some of us thank him for his service to our country . 
  i just wish the people behind his prosecution were the ones facing these charges instead . 
  believe me , i hate greek taxi drivers as much as you do . 
  rest assured though that they 're not the ones being hit by austerity ; they did n't pay any taxes back then and they sure as hell are n't paying any now . 
  regarding romania on the other hand , when i went there a couple of years ago the taxis next to the station refused to take 3 of us in the same car , insisting that we take 2 taxis instead . 
  we had to walk until we found another taxi further down the road , but when we arrived the driver tried to charge us double the usual amount -- luckily we had a romanian friend waiting for us that prevented that . 
  after we paid him , he then refused to give us back our change and called us `` rich '' and `` spoiled '' at first and then started cursing at us . 
  eventually our friend threatened to call the cops on him and he handed back the change . 
  so , you know , maybe romania could use some austerity as well , 
  separation of powers should have also prevented the justice system from taking on a politically motivated case in the first place . 
  let 's not kid ourselves , every greek citizen knows that our judges are in cahoots with the conservative party and it 's also well known that a particular section of that party is the one pushing this case . 
  hopefully they will someday face those courts themselves for their actions back then . 
  i was being a bit facetious with that . 
  a common argument against muslim refugees is our long-standing issues with turkey . 
  yet now that i read your comment i realized it was n't really worth replying to . 
  actually greece would have been a great place for syrian refugees to integrate . 
  our cultures are not that far apart and we 've always had pretty good relations with them - traditionally we both hate turkey . 
  and we 're not the `` here 's your benefits money , please do n't hurt me '' kind of europe that ca n't deal with a few bad apples . 
  provided of course the country was n't a sinking boat on which europe & the us decided to dump all the refugees from all their failed wars and `` revolutions '' . 
  i do n't see how you can interpret wilders differently .
