  i showed this video to an irish friend of mine doing a phd in economics in the states , and asked him what his take on the situation was . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** the treaty 's far from perfect , but is n't particularly dangerous either . 
  it 's probably a better idea to mandate it than not . 
   first of all i think the video is cool and i 'd like to see more creativity like that instead of lads in suits on prime time . 
  i largely agree with his view on the handling of the banking crisis - it 's been terrible and embarrassing to democracy . 
  but i think he 's wrong about the treaty . 
   specifically at around 4m 45s he says the treaty will `` outlaw government borrowing in a recession . '', 
  he then goes on to say why this is bad . 
  he 's right that it 's bad , but he 's wrong about the illegality of it . 
   article 3 of the treaty says structural deficits should be below 0.5 % of gdp . 
  so straight away it 's misleading ( at best ) to say the government ca n't borrow in a recession . 
  the deficit rule is based on the structural deficit . 
  what 's a structural deficit ? 
  sadly it 's pretty ill-defined . 
  it 's a legitimate critique of the treaty that there 's no formula etc to calculate it . 
  but the idea of it is clear : it 's what the deficit would be if everything were normal . 
  have a look at this : [ http://bit.ly/lnqlxs] ( http://bit.ly/lnqlxs ) . 
  it 's very reasonable to say the us economy temporarily dipped around 2010 and so if you want to look at the `` real '' deficit , you should base it on the quasi-linear trend rather than what happened . 
  that 's the idea of structural deficit . 
  the structural deficit limit is 0.5 % , which means the actual deficit limit would be , say , ~ 3 % . 
  govts can indeed borrow for a stimulus . 
   now the new deficit rule is definitely more restrictive than currently allowed . 
  under the stability and growth pact , the structural deficit limit is 1 % . 
  so the treaty is halving it . 
  ireland 's gdp is roughly $ 150bn , so you can figure out what 1 % vs 0.5 % is . 
  a few hundred million could go a long way in ireland right now , so it 's not an amount to just ignore . 
  frankly , that 's probably too severe a limit . 
  ( there are allowances in the treaty to ignore the 0.5 % rule for really severe adjustments . 
  i 'm not sure if the housing crash would count , but an earthquake or something would . ), 
  this wo n't mean more austerity for us though . 
  the austeriy propaganda ignores that as part of our bailout , we 're required to bring the deficit down below treaty levels anyway . 
   rules on debt levels in addition to deficit levels are new in the treaty . 
  the ` bad ' side of this is that if national debt is more than 60 % of gdp you will be required to bring it down to that level over the next twenty years or so . 
  this is another crap thing with the treaty , because 60 % is probably too low ; ~ 80 % seems just fine . 
  the ` good ' side of the debt rule is you can ( sort of ) break the 0.5 % deficit rule if you 're below the 60 % debt rule . 
  again , sensibly , the requirement to lower debt does not come into effect until a country is out of recession . 
   fwiw my take on the treaty is that it 's a little bit too severe . 
  the deficit and debt rules are good ideas , but i 'd only give the treaty a c + ( on the ordinary level paper ) on implementing them . 
  however passing it is a precondition to access to the new bailout fund ( the european stability mechanism ) which we may well need if things do n't improve . 
  since it would n't impose any further austerity on the country now , and the rules are n't all that ridiculous , i 'd vote yes to it as a safety measure . 
  ( aside : there is a decent argument for voting no and then simply changing our mind if we do need a bailout later , though - [ http://bit.ly/iwksml] ( http://bit.ly/iwksml ) ) . 
   lastly rte have a very good outline of the treaty here : [ http://bit.ly/itqqfw] ( http://bit.ly/itqqfw ) . 
  goes into much more details and talks about the punishments for breaking the rules etc. 
  well done rte . 
  hope this helps . 
  i guess that 's a little like my speaking with a thick hiberno-english ( irish , dublin specifically ) dialect . 
  i can understand everything americans say , even if it 's slang from a subculture of theirs ( ebonics for example ) , but unless i speak slowly using only formal english , many can find it very difficult to understand me . 
  and here i was thinking it was cold in dublin ... we do n't know how good we have it i guess . 
  polish girl on my facebook ( living in dublin ) posted this : http://www.po-land.pl/?p=40265 finally makes sense !, 
  oh i would never suggest changing the colours . 
  i just wanted to point that out , y' know incase people assumed we forced the unintentionally pregnant to go through child-birth . 
  this is simply the convenient ( or inconvenient depending on your perspective ) reason that politicians can turn their backs on this political grenade . 
  also it 's helping the economy of holyhead ( port town in north wales ) which has a [ booming abortion clinic industry ] ( http://www.yell.com/s/abortion+clinics-llantrisant-holyhead.html ) . 
  ireland has de-facto abortion , in wales . 
  ... citation please . 
  i agree with you on the papandreou , this has calculation , intrigue and balls written all over it . 
  however suggesting current german administration is headed by a `` feeble moron '' seems almost delusional , you know , since all the evidence suggests the * exact opposite * . 
  a bulldozing , strong-willed , peer-review-published quantum chemist . 
  surely in the global economy , a drowning major currency like the euro is a very bad thing for the us too . 
  except that most chinese are very unaware of the tienanmen square massacre , partially due to their lack of internet freedom . 
  so they 're quite right . 
  whether the end justifies the means ... 
  if his fundamental doctrine was the motivation behind the crime then it does matter . 
   i find it absurd that you can point to the wikipedia article and neglect the environment and health issues . 
  health and environment issues ( at least for us irish ) have not been a concern since the 1970s . 
  a healthy concern is one thing . 
  unbridled over-reactions are another . 
  i went to an [ rpii ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radiological_protection_institute_of_ireland ) talk soon after this iodine tablet farce . 
  they kept saying `` we 're an independent advisory group for the government . 
  we tell them our findings , and they do what they want anyway '' . 
  the talk itself was a study of the effects of sellafield on us . 
  the most efficient way , it was decided , to accumulate radioactive isotopes directly or indirectly from sellafield is by eating shellfish from a particular part of the irish sea , near where dumping occurs . 
  in their study they worked out how much exposure one would have from eating 100g of shellfish per day over the course of a year . 
  a lovely bar chart was shown ... other bars began to appear which were typical exposure from other sources . 
  they gradually got bigger and bigger and the shellfish bar shrank to almost nothing ... 
  if i recall correctly it was of the order 1 % of typical yearly exposure . 
  an infrequent long-haul flight would create a bigger blip . 
  and yet terms like `` the most radioactive sea in the world ! '', 
  persist among common knowledge due to the slogans of the tribalist fear-mongering masses . 
  fear overrides rationale , fear caused by a lack of understanding ionising radiation ... risk analysis and basic probability and statistics . 
  anything with the word nuclear in it is like the invisible boogieman that causes cancer and h-bombs and world destruction . 
  others let this idea take hold , become intransigent ... like creation scientists , closing their minds to information that does not support the cause they 've decided upon . 
  it is impossible to have a reasoned debate with these people . 
  yes fission power has its downsides , ideally we would n't have to use it . 
  but do n't get me wrong , if the practical alternative contains * any * form of fossil fuel the point has been utterly missed . 
  renewables  nuclear                    fossil fuels . 
  comparatively it 's so clean , environmentally friendly and safe it should be winning fucking awards , not scorn . 
  scientific mistrust is an unfortunate thing . 
   merkel 's decision in 2010 to allow nuclear plants to run a few years longer was knee-jerk . 
  to what exactly ? 
   germany 's phasing out of its reactors is `` a knee-jerk reaction '' to what happened in japan yes  not actually the enacting of a policy that was decided upon over a decade ago ? 
  convenience . 
  politicians prefer to hang both sides of the fence on controversial issues . 
  that so soon after the problems at the fukashima plant merkel announced an official review of energy policy and ordered the immediate shutting down of germany 's oldest nuclear reactors is not coincidental . 
  especially given the sudden hysterical shift in public sentiment . 
  the haste at which these decisions were made could nearly define `` knee-jerk '' , as only a few months earlier she stated that these old reactors could continue to produce nuclear power past their original shutdown dates . 
  the move is far more likely ascribed to her party 's setbacks in recent local elections . 
  and if reports of the latest opinion polls are to be believe , the gambit worked . 
  unfortunately for politics the priority is : votes ( i.e. 
  power )  money  common sense this is one of the downfalls of democracy ... in a shockingly ridiculous move my own government ( irish ) gave every household in the country iodine tablets in the wake of 9/11 .
