  sneijder being the biggest disappointment imo, 
  i really love it when the underdog fighs back ... great game from denmark, 
  paulaner weiss is my favorite ... but with that heat over here ( 30c and rising ) i do n't think i 'll be a good idea, 
  he should leave anyway the way he plays till now ... 
  that would have been a great goal, 
  maybe he is ... 
  no great chances but good pace and italy is looking good ( balotelli being the only exception ), 
  wow cassilas !!, 
  oh c'mon ... i want to be awake and ( somewhat ) sober for the next game ... 
  they have turned it into some kind of art, 
  must bring back some memories ... 
  pfff ... great ... 
  this is going to be a very unpleasant afternoon ... 
  somebody should wake up holebas, 
  second game in a row, 
  lol, 
  ... karagkounis ... he always reminds me of [ this ] ( http://www-tc.pbs.org/wnet/americanmasters/files/2008/08/capa_essay_01.jpg ), 
  and i have to watch this shit every sunday ... 
  i hope santos will not keep samaras and holebas on the field for the second half ... otherwise i 'm throwing the pc out the window ... 
  well ... it 's called football , so ... 
  his assistant was greek , but yeah ... i miss k\u00f6nig otto, 
  she 'll demand from the greek players to sell their shoes to help the economy, 
  i guess he did n't wanted to go down with the rest of the ship ... 
  someone get holebas off the field please ... 
  well ... he plays with a helmet on his head ... 
  hahahahahahah samaras ... if he had a decent bone in his body he would walk away all by himself, 
  i 'd love to hear you pronounce it :p, 
  congrats to the czechs . 
  our team should have been more carefull . 
  i think the beauty of it , is that he did n't really had to make the turn ... it was like the final stroke in an otherwise perfect painting . 
  viva mexico  ... i always liked you guys, 
  good luck croatia, 
  pirlo ... a true great one . 
  i guess he never had good pr ... 
  why did you ever let that guy go ?? 
  heh ... `` sorry if i 'm late '' ... sounds like me, 
  they instantly would hate each other i think, 
  grrrrrr ... papastathopoulos still has n't learned not to use his hands so much ... katsouranis and karagounis need to get more in the game ... other then that , we look very decent, 
  some weird cross between honda and zangief, 
  that coming from an italian is a bit ironic ( i assume you 're italian cause of your crest ), 
  if we win we do n't owe anything anymore ... deal ? 
  sure ... why not ... i always say mediterranean girls are too high maintenance , so ... 
  hey ... that is a bit unfair ... no bus in this tournament, 
  ... i think samaras is missing a few iq points ... 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corinthian_helmet & http://www.thevikingstore.co.uk/larp-helmets---metal-93-c.asp, 
  as a greek ... good one , 
  no no no no ... c'mon finish the damn game, 
  was it or am i biased ? 
  still , we have to start push up a bit, 
  knowing us , as people ... i got this strange feeling that the outcome of the game will have an affect on the elections tomorrow ... 
  mpravo re kolopeda haahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahaha fuck yeah, 
  well ... we invented it so ... 
  the last minutes ... wow ... i just lost 15 years i think ... 
  now ... if we could only handle money they way we defend ... 
  truee ... but ... his reactions ... 
  the sad thing is that allot of people will see this as more then just a game ... 
  did sun tzu ever won a euro ? 
  well ... the gods can be cruel sometimes ... 
  how about a bet germany ? 
  if we win we do n't owe you anything anymore :p, 
  i think he is talking about long distance shots ... and i totally agree with him, 
  hahahahhahhahaah, 
   only because greece has n't produced great philosophers the last few centuries . 
  you have to admit that it is kinda hard to beat the original `` line up '' of the greek team ... there are some real quality `` players '' out on the field . 
  they are so good it took the germans more then 1000 years to read them , understand them , copy them and eventually evolve their `` tactics '' to be able to field a competitive team . 
  kinda like an ajax 70s vs. barcelona now argument ... 
   i 'm sure greece would take it, 
  you must have met some of us :p, 
  [ artist formerly known as prince ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/artist_formerly_known_as_prince#the_new_power_generation_and_name_change:_1991.e2.80.9394 ), 
  the boy looks like he handles himself very well . 
  as for the woman ... kinda makes you wonder where was that spirit 4 years ago ... 
  not into physics i guess ... 
  what a fine english tradition, 
  just tuned in ... has he cried yet ? 
  well look who 's alive ... 
  still butthurt ? 
  it 's been 8 years fuckers !!!!, 
  nah ... the fucker came out of nowhere ... plus i do n't think anybody expected the ball to reach the second post ( 3 or 4 people jumped for the header but missed ), 
  upvoted for the username hahahahah, 
  maybe it has to do something with the fact that we won in the qualification round and you had to go to the play-offs against turkey , 
  aaaaaw ... still hurt about that ? 
  stupid germans ... the berlin wall would be closer :p, 
  i 'm afraid a bit to political here in greece ... as if we win rent is going to be cheaper tomorrow ... personally i 'll just try to enjoy game, 
  hahahahahahh ... well played sir , well played , 
  respect to ethnikaras :d, 
  it 's a blow not to have karagounis ... we need his passion and determination . 
  but then again , he missed the quarterfinals in 2004 in the same fashion [ and then ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6huq9zrpgom ), 
  so what you really want is for me to have a heart attack :p, 
  and they have been so incredibly efficient its ** german ** . 
  ftfy, 
  lol ... i hate you :p, 
   if not it 's up to us, 
  well ... that has n't gone really well since 1966 or has it ? 
  ( iirc last victory in an official match was the 1-5 in munich ), 
  and the last to stay was n't just the 300 spartans ... but also 700 thespians kai 400 thebans . 
  nobody mentions them . 
  why ? 
  well because those fuckers stayed on their own free will while the spartans stayed obeying the law . 
  and that makes them role-model citizens . 
  i 'm sorry i can only upvote you once,
