  minus jesse and harry, 
  this is getting embarrassing, 
  [ hello darkness , my old friend ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zlfcngvel4 ), 
  [ there there ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9e65ohwt41qe2uwg.gif ), 
  i do n't like the idea that savitar is either wally or barry . 
  then again too many things point to that direction . 
  flash from earth-3 said it in episode 9 `` savitar was the first man ever granted speed '' . 
  the `` i am the future flash '' line has been said too many times . 
  finally my theory is that the speedforce always requires a speedster to be there ( the atlas myth parallel ) and maybe future barry goes in to the speedforce to let wally come out and hence the `` you did this to me barry '' ( or something along those lines ) . 
  also the `` now , finally , i am free of you '' line just before savitar kills iris is suspicious . 
  then again wally is in the speedforce because of barry or at least that could be the point of view from someone loosing his mind over and over again for all eternity . 
  i just hope that in the future ( that was to happen before flashpoint - my head hurts ) , barry becomes powerful enough not to challenge savitar ( as flash from earth-3 theorised ) but to replace him in the speedforce ( the atlas theory ) , which would mean that savitar is neither of those two . 
  mitrogooooooal hahaha, 
  heroic defence mode : on, 
  way too early , but yeah we can be friends later :p, 
  his name does n't sound very american, 
  not really . 
  the way i see it is that a shit-test is to confirm your frame . 
  the `` not yet '' is a signal that she needs more comfort . 
  just my 2 cents, 
  this has happened to me in more than one occasion . 
  it 's really funny , to see it happening now that i know how to handle it . 
  especially if the `` i 'm not having sex with you '' comes out of the blue , it means that you are having sex ( unless you fuck this up somehow ) . 
  well the real question is : `` how do you want to act '' ? 
  want to escalate really quick ? 
  do it . 
  want to see what happens when you say goofy shit ? 
  do that and see what happens . 
  it looks to me as if you do n't really plan to see her more then once , so you should n't really care about the outcome or how she sees you . 
  so fuck it , play it the way you want . 
  how many games have they played ? 
  i think we could use subs as well, 
  and somehow they end up meeting a nice family called the kents , with barry having a great day with a kid called clark, 
  still a better explanation then `` speedforce '', 
  i think at that time robert was still king . 
  later the lannisters needed them to fight stannis and rob . 
  after that jofrey married margery . 
  he did not need his whole fleet to be at kings landing though or him leading it, 
  \u2022 earth 2 harry wells, 
  \u2022 supergirl, 
  \u2022 earth 3 flash, 
  \u2022 vibe, 
  \u2022 mick rory, 
  \u2022 arsenal, 
  harry has a genius level intellect , can built anything , makes quick decisions but also tough ones . 
  he will do what it takes but is less ruthless after the time he spend with the e1 team . 
  jay will be second in command . 
  he is an experienced speedster , old enough to be respected by everyone ( including harry ) and wise enough to know when to shut up and follow the leader , but also to know when he has to disagree ( kinda like a conscience to harry ) . 
  he also understands the concept of sacrifice for the greater good . 
  supergirl is ... well supergirl . 
  strength , x-ray vision , heat vision , air reconn . 
  also she 's a woman , so that will shut up the sjws ( probably not but whatever ) . 
  diggle is a warrior , an in-the-field leader who can adapt to the situation and make quick calls . 
  vibe can built anything too , help harry with science , can teleport himself and others , can create energy bursts , can vibe the past/present/future and delivers movie references . 
  mick is crazy , tough , can take the heat , has a criminal mentality that is useful in certain situations and has cool lines . 
  arsenal is here because i had 2 $ left :p but also has arrows to use as long range weapons and is a decent fighter for close combat . 
  and i kept wondering if i was the only one still pissed about that, 
  i learned more about him when i was reading identity crisis . 
  damn story made me tear up . 
  i really hope they do n't get any ideas to go into that direction . 
  one of the reasons i am excited about this : [ http://imgur.com/tqwzlff] ( http://imgur.com/tqwzlff ), 
  hmmm , i wonder who might be downvoting you, 
   - i 'm not a ... thank you podrick . 
  this was also a great scene . 
  those two make a fine duo . 
  were n't the children of the forest , according to bran 's vision , the ones who created the white walkers in the first place ? 
  the music made it even better.god those trumpets !!!, 
  wagner would be proud . 
  and a high born beauty iirc, 
  mance bends the knee , his wildling army joins the baratheon army and the battle against the boltons turns out very differently . 
  but does he know about arya 's abilities and training ? 
  no cheese ? 
  no wine ? 
  they did n't , but it payed off being prepared for that case . 
  ffs just put in the 3rd and end it once and for all, 
  this looks like men vs boys at moments . 
  i can not decide if liverpool is that good or arsenal that bad . 
  ... i 've been at work for the last 6 hours . 
  but that 's not my problem ... my problem is that for the last 6 hours i 've been smelling through my pocket my latest `` purchase '' ... and it smells sooooooooooo good . 
  all i need to do is be patient for the next 2 hours ... i 'm telling you it 's really hard . 
  anyway i thought / r/trees would understand and be supportive ... or something, 
  greetings from greece btw ... i 'll let you know when the weather get 's better so you can all come over and enjoy some joints under the sun, 
  i think its going to be hard for him tonight, 
  i 'd love to read/see a story about the events that led to tkdr . 
  how jason died and who killed him ( i do n't think it was the joker , because he would say something , after seeing carrie kelley as the new robin , to irritate bats ) . 
  i think it could be tied to the other heroes retiring all together and the mention of some kind of parents groups by superman . 
  maybe jason died in public view and gave those groups ( maybe secretly led by luthor ? ), 
  arguments in their fight to ban superheroes . 
  or maybe some kids tried to imitate some superhero and died ( i mean come on , in a world where the justice league and/or the teen titans exist , it is just a matter of time for some kid to do something stupid ) . 
  with the superheroes gone what are the super-villains doing?i thought of superman killing them while working for the government . 
  a well written portrayal of his inner conflict would make it for sure a great story . 
  when and how does gordon learns about batman 's true identity ? 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` btw what a great moment between them in no man 's land when gordon implies that he might already know who batman is '' ) . 
  yeah ... green arrow seemed really torn about it . 
  i 'd like to read a bit about that . 
  i mean that is superman ripping someone 's hand off . 
  the joker . 
  he is in a catatonic state in tdkr . 
  so what happened ? 
  sure the absence of batman had something to do with his condition , since batman 's reappearance is what brings the joker back .
