right ... someone said so ... so it must be so ... wtf ??? 
  3 people are mentioned in this article as antisemitic ... so the movement as a whole ( that means thousands if not millions of people ) is antisemitic ... ????? 
  ... some people should really get off the drugs ... you spoil it for the rest of us, 
  be ready to find a place to stay for your relatives that will leave this shithole for a country ... 
  while it is true that many greeks refuse to pay tolls , nobody says why ... here is the thing : the government gave national roads to private companies and they decided to put toll stations like wherever they wanted . 
  there are 7-8 toll stations on the national road from thessaloniki to athens ( the 2 biggest cities in greece ) . 
  it is a distance of about 500km , so every 60-70 kilometres you have to stop and pay . 
  prices of each toll station range from 2,50 to 4 euros ( an average of about 25 euros which is close to half of what you have to pay for gas ) . 
  toll stations are there to raise money for the roads that have been built , but the government has already paid the private companies . 
  by law either the companies or the state should provide you with an alternative route in case you do n't want to use the new road , which the companies do n't do . 
  also greek car owners ( and owners of any kind of vehicle for that matter ) have to annually pay `` dues of circulation '' so they can actually drive their cars ( prices ranges from 130 to 1300 euros depending on the size of the engine ) . 
  that means they already pay money so they can freely go from place a to place b within the country . 
  also these are national/public roads witch means that it is unconstitutional for a private company to forbid you to use them ( freedom of movement , right to travel etc etc ) - that 's why even when the police is present they can not interfere . 
  the toll stations set up by the greek government are being paid by the people . 
  the `` i do n't pay '' movement is about 2 years old , up until then when there were only state toll stations and people had no problem . 
  it is a problem now because they are everywhere and the companies have raised the prices god knows how many times . 
  now i do n't try to justify anything , i 'm just saying how things are . 
  i know we fucked up and i think it 's bullshit that simple people in europe have to pay for our mess that we created in the first place with our greed and/or incompetence and/or laziness etc etc , but calm down a bit . 
  we are not all the same over here . 
  sucks to live in greece ... 
  there is more then one ? 
  ps : i just read this `` bachmann says in dealing with iran , diplomacy `` is our option '' , but that other options , including a nuclear strike , should n't be taken off the table . '', 
  ... that is really scary ... 
  one of the best things i 've ever read ... thank you sir you just made my day, 
  well ... should you get to thessaloniki too , let me know ... i 'd be more then happy to show you around , 
  but anyhow enjoy your stay in athens ( it used to be safer imo ), 
  oh the modern greeks really like to brag about things they really had nothing to do with, 
  `` defending the south-eastern border of europe ... '' now that is a great joke to everyone who has ever served in the greek army ... 
  when was that ? 
  which branch ? 
  lewis black was right ... he should be electroshocked for his own good, 
  thought i was the only one ... but no ... others upvoted just for the tattoo too ... 
  too bad i 'm in greece ... on the other hand it 's too cold there ( at least for me ) ... but good to know that there are people like you around the world :-), 
  well i 'm from greece and got here on monday for the holidays . 
  my friend and me went to 2 comedy shows ( comedy cellar and gotham comedy club ) plus an open mic ( im thinking to try myself ), 
  i 'm greek so yeah ... the weather is killing me right now :-), 
  if youwant to know more just ask, 
  there 's a big surprise waiting for him ... 
  you did the right thing ... i ca n't stay around people when stoned . 
  i always have this `` oh shit they know '' feeling ... which of course is fun some times, 
  can you make me one ? 
  i just hope drogba stays in europe and beckham out of it ... also good luck chelsea finding a buyer for torres, 
  i hope your dream comes true . 
  i would be happy to beta test it for you and buy ut later on . 
  i as a greek have to thank you . 
  if there is anything you need just pm me . 
  good luck to you :-), 
  yeah let 's take it inside . 
  fuck cassandra and her bs ... 
   women , to find a mate , really only need to not be fat . 
  so true . 
  but ... just being not fat is n't gon na help in the long run, 
  ? what comeback ??? 
  try another country ... seriously . 
  do n't know what age your kids are but i would wait till they 18 and in college or something . 
  if they are used to a certain way of life , greece is gon na be a really weird place for them . 
  people who left the us and came back are regretting their decision . 
  what has really disappointed them is the greek state and the people who work for it . 
  opening a business is a pain in the ass . 
  bureaucracy , paying of people , people trying to con you etc etc, 
  i understand the paranoia that is building up there ( ndaa , sopa , patriot act etc etc ) plus that there is literally nothing for free , but greece is no place to return to at this point . 
  actually more people are trying to find a way to leave ( me included ) . 
  but if you have your economics really covered , give it a try . 
  that is really mature ... 
  i think i would be anything but gentle ... 
  it is clear of what the tits want ... 
  ancient greece ... ancient greece ... which sadly has nothing to do with modern greece, 
  ... plus i 'm pretty sure someone can survive without a birth certificate ( sure you may run into some bureaucratic issues , but it 's not like you 're missing a kidney ), 
  http://www.greekbooks.gr/books/istoria/elliniki-istoria/elliniki-istoria-eos-ton-ikosto-eona/istoria-komikotragiki-tu-neoelliniku-kratus-1830-1974.product ... it 's in greek and i do n't think there is an english version ... but it 's worth the effort trust me, 
  you sir are a true artist . 
  the stuff you have on tumblr.com is also great . 
  keep going and send some shit too :p, 
  any links for us outside the u.s. ? 
  why are you ashamed ? 
  you know it , they do n't, 
  had sex with girl from okcupid ... now she has chlamydia ... ups !, 
  well ... is n't the whole point of dating to have fun ? 
  what about greeks ? 
  come to greece and then to crete, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhur6nppvrg ( that 's how they celebrate weddings there ... ) plus it 's an island with some medieval castles too, 
  ... i do n't want to live in this country anymore ... 
  i do love her honesty ... 
  the man is a poet ... 
  civil war ? 
  who against who ? 
  let me guess ... americans ? 
  duscher , mauro silva , valeron , pandiani , andrade ( what an epic night he had against milan in the q/finals of 2003/2004 ) . 
  great team . 
  we 're pretty awesome when we are celebrating are n't we ? 
  ... it 's just money we ca n't handle :p, 
  i must admit that his timing is a bit off ( thessaloniki has seen better days ) , but thessaloniki is still a student city . 
  lot 's of erasmus students and even more from greece and cyprus . 
  that means young people who for the most part are tolerant and open minded . 
  sure someone might ask what he thinks about merkel , the crisis etc etc , but as long as he does n't start talking about lazy greeks he 'll be alright ( also avoid conversations with taxi drivers , because ... you know ... they know everything ) . 
   cow-workers, 
  lol, 
  stupid ? 
  yes !, 
  as bad as , let 's say , burning people ? 
  that bad ?
