  but he is named witht he nickname in history books . 
  the impaler . 
  which i guess is less worse than the devil . 
  that is one glorious fall . 
  they keep themselves on public property , trying to get photos and videos of celebrities even while the celebrities are on private proprieties . 
  taking photos or videos of private properties while you are standing on public property ca n't be made illegal because that would mean that you could be sued for taking a picture in a public place as long as you have a private property somewhere in the photo / video . 
  the only way a celebrity can protect from these assholes is either by sueing them one by one for harrasment or by having high walls on their properties . 
  i was n't defending kanye , i do n't really care or know anything about him . 
  all i know is that he sings . 
  all celebrities are at some point and level harrassed by the paparazzi . 
  they do n't discriminate and follow around only the asshole celebrities , they do so with all of them . 
  that causes people who are famous to feel like they do n't have privacy , which makes some of them react quite violently . 
  that is true . 
  i have started playing bout 2 years ago , when things were n't that bad . 
  i was also playing with a friend or two , so we didnt notice any flaming if there was any . 
  now , i have 1000 + normal games played , and i play only normals , casually . 
  because i am a decent player ( for normals ) , the ( hidden ) elo for normals is rather high for me so i get matched with decent human beings . 
  i rarely get any kind of flaming when i play . 
  so for me , the lol community thing is being a rather pleasant experience . 
  but you are right ; for a new player i see it being quite difficult to get into the game without at least 2 friends to team up . 
  depends on the laws in the respective country but i guess not . 
  photos take on public domain are public . 
  also your name is public . 
  and also , if you are an actor / singer that would be very counter productive , and as a singer your name is tied to a company which would not allow that . 
  works even better if you tell it to someone who just farted . 
  a million dollars , to all of you , to each and anyone who finishes her !, 
  the man 's security tightened around him , as the few hundred people who were there stand there , in complete shock . 
  a group of 15 , maybe 20 people , all of them seeming young , rushed towards the pregnant lady , punching , kicking and scratching her face and body . 
  from the crowd , a gruntled voice rose . 
  `` kill him ! '', 
  a huge mass of people started moving , running , shoving eachother to get to the billionaire . 
  security tried to for a circle around him , but it was too late . 
  they were surrounded . 
  they tried to shove people away at first , but they soon realised what they are dealing with and raised their hands up in the air and hope that they wo n't get torn apart . 
  a mass of people were on top of the billionaire , who was down , in a fetal position being kicked and punched . 
  every inch of his exposed body was being hit with no mercy . 
  on the other side , a group of people managed to get the attackers off the pregnant lady . 
  it was too late , she had her head smashed against the pavement , eyes staring blank , lifeless . 
  the billionaire had his body completely ravaged , swollen and covered in blood . 
  in that day , to who ever was doubting it , it was obvious that pure hate is much more powerful than pure greed . 
  this is 550-12 , situated roughly 120 light-raus away from the center of our system . 
  two raus ago our wave scan team have received a feint signal which suggested activity of sentient life . 
  as the first scouts arrived here , they have found a habitated planet . 
  studies have shown that we are dealing with carbon based life forms , as we are too . 
  the sentient life form is dominant in the planet 's ecosystem , and fairly advanced , even though primitive by any of our standards . 
  also , further studies show that their intelectual ability makes them inferior to our species . 
  their bodies are highly resistant to a wide range of temperatures and radiation levels compared to us , which probably aided them since they obviously lack superior intelect . 
  they are also a war fueled species . 
  greatest and fastest technological advancement happen during times of war almost exclusively . 
  we , as a species are naturally neutral . 
  we ovserve , and we learn . 
  we are united , striving to meld our efforts and intelectual abilities to work as one . 
  they are naturally fearful , violent and curious . 
  war is omnipresent throught these `` humans ' '' , as they call themselves , history and it has brought the species at the brink of obliteration a few times so far , and they now have the technical ability to make the planet unhabitable . 
  each individual of our species has that ability as well , one might say . 
  that is true , but no individual of our species would actually act upon that . 
  we have got to a level where we understand the need for technologic advancement and the dangers that come with that . 
  their prime interest in technological advancement seems to be only the destruction of their enemies . 
  this is a young , violent sentient species . 
  they have done acts to their own kind which we would n't be able to concieve . 
  still , through a mix of chance , physical resilience and their own survivalist nature , they are still existing now as a species , and they are doing better than ever ; their advancements are fast . 
  today , they are still at the beggining of space exploration , mostly exploring it from the surface of the planet , or by leaving their own atmosphere in crude crafts , using liquid or solid burning fuels . 
  this is an achievement which we never had , since we considered that using such means of fueling a craft would be much too dangerous . 
  so we had to wait until safer means of transportation were devised . 
  still , they have done it and indeed , as we thought , it is dangerous , `` human '' lives were lost , but that did n't seem to slow them down . 
  the main technological powers on the planet are in relative peace right now , so the technical advancements in space exploration seem to be slowed down , but as tensions rise it will probably speed up once more , as it has before . 
  their imagination and effectiveness when it comes to creating weapons is outstanding . 
  it is native for their sentience , since they are carnivore as well , unlike us . 
  so since the dawn of their species , they had to kill other forms of animal life in order to feed and survive . 
  being a violent species , a threat assesment scouting team has been sent . 
  they have assesed them as harmless for the time being , since their current weapon technology poses no threat to us . 
  also they can not leave the vicinity of their own planet until they devise proper ways transportation . 
  the threat assesment team has also stated that this species is class 7 in terms of future behavior . 
  that means that they will either self destruct , or become non violent before they become a possible threat for us . 
  humans show us a perfect example of the advantages and disadvantages of a violent natured species . 
  they move forward technologically faster , but their nature causes social tensions and conflicts , also atrocities which can not be comprehended by our kind . 
  there is also the imminent danger of them destroying themselves , becoming only a radiation spot in this corner of the galaxy . 
  and of course , our observation team will keep them under watch , to record their progresses and advancements , or even their own destruction . 
  if the latter , does n't occur , the observation team will have to asses if they become a class 5 species , in which case we will have to show ourselves to them and offer our help to them , or if they become one of the rare class 8 species , an advanced but still war eager species , in which case we will have to destroy them . 
  have a good evening !, 
  thanks !, 
  jamie carson was a marine biologist , one of the best in the field , also specialized in aquatic mammals . 
  this was a very exciting day for him . 
  he has been called by the australian marine institute , ami , to go in the new undersea laboratory to help researching a new species . 
  the whole thing appeared to be really `` hush hush '' , as he thought about it , but he suspected that they 're talking about a mammal , maybe a dolphin , maybe a whale even ? 
  he had a big grin on his face and his heart was racing as he got into the high depth sub . 
  the laboratory was situated 300 feet under the sea level . 
  it was a large dome , made out of a special kind of reinforced concrete ; the research institute went to a lot of trouble to make this possible ; engineers and architects from all over the world teamed up to make this magnificent dome possible . 
  there were 4 mini research subs stationed in the dome at all times , 2 research rooms , both with portholes and exterior lighting which allowed direct observation . 
  of course , 300 feet is not that much when taking into consideration the great depths of the ocean , but this was a very important first step of human kind into understanding and conquering the ocean . 
  jamie steps inside the dome , he realizes that it looks smaller on the inside than he expected , but that 's probably because of the walls ' thickness . 
  the space seemed very efficiently organized though . 
  there was a place for everything , living as much room for walking around as possible , and making the concept of `` private space '' possible amongst the 3 people currently on board . 
  he is greeted by anna mcdowell , the project leader . 
  a woman in her 40 's , tall , dark hair , with an intimidating presence . 
  at least that 's how jamie perceived it . 
  there was also brian reedy , a young doctorand , 26 years old . 
  jamie was struck by the fact that he looked terrified . 
  brian walked jamie to what was going to be his quarters for the few days he will be stationed there , a crummy little room with one bed and one desk . 
  -- leave your stuff there and come with me to `` research room one '' ; you 'll have plenty of time to unpack , brian said .
