  i know that , i was just remembering the episodes , 
  anyways , samurai jack is a must watch for both kids and adults . 
  amazing piece of both entertainment and art . 
  ioi . 
  debian guys are by no means quick when it comes to testing . 
  they are thorough and careful . 
  but the next ubuntu lts is going to be in april 2016 , and debian is mostly based on sid , so most definetly 16.04 will have it . 
  ubuntu will start testing it with 15.04 or 15.10 probably . 
  should be in sid by then . 
  complet inutil . 
  alta metoda ar fi sterilizare obligatorie . 
  i might be wrong here , but is n't the point of cosplay to wear a costume of a character you like and have fun with it ? 
  and you normally cosplay fictional characters anyways , so accuracy is less important , especially if you give it your own personal touch . 
  why would it be a problem for a 6 ' 4 tall black dude cosplay as kim ? 
  it 'd be hilarious and a spectacle to watch . 
  cosplay should be done for fun , not for the sake of accuracy . 
  that is true . 
  those who have accepted the void into their hearths have been allowed to step into it , and become one with nothing . 
  polandball leaking ? 
  sweet !, 
  you is of more kurwa than me , you can not even into space !, 
  exact . 
  i 'm sorry for being offtopic , but the cloud to butt addon makes me feel like a 12 year old again . 
  made this title simply [ amazing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p6fr4qh.png?1 ) . 
  if we are talking about aggression of dogs which have an owner , the owner is most definitely the most important factor of a dog 's aggression . 
  also aggression ca n't be compared to love to retrieve , or love to swim , because aggression and love of something are completely different states of mind , so it 's not that a dog loves to be aggressive . 
  aggression is normally a defensive stance , brought up from fear and self preservation , and you can train a dog to use aggression instead of running away when faced with threat or fear , and you can further train what a dog perceives as a threat . 
  the action of using aggression almost exclusively as a defense mechanism could maybe be inherited and specific to some breeds , small or large , but what a dog perceives as a threat depends solely on the owner . 
  these dogs do n't love to be aggressive , and are not looking to pick on a fight , as long as they are mentally balanced . 
  the owner does have indeed the greatest impact when it comes to aggressiveness of their pet . 
  certain breeds may be prone towards being more aggressive than others , but labeling it as an aggressive breed is wrong . 
  just basic care and attention from the owner can make the difference between a dog who gets extremely aggressive when a stranger enters the house and a dog who just lays on the floor chilling and does n't give a single fuck when a complete stranger walks by and literally kicks it 's lazy fat ass for being in the way of everyone . 
  vezi ca are sub 60 . 
  oh well , you lose some , you win some . 
  pretty please ? 
  usually you 'll find most of your installed applications in / usr/share/applications /, 
  also to add them to your menu use obmenu . 
  it 's pretty straight forward , you just add a name for the app and the command for it . 
  well in the / usr/share/applications / you usually find the desktop - type shortcuts . 
  what you need to add them to obmenu is the command for what you just installed . 
  to find that , in / usr/share/applications / , if the shortcut for what you just installed is there , right click on the icon , click properties , and then open the launcher tab . 
  under command , you 'll have the exact command you need to use in the obmenu . 
  and easier and more direct way of finding out the exact command you need for obmenu , is just to open a terminal after you have installed the software , start writing the name of the software you installed and hit tab after two , three or four letter . 
  for example , if you install lx terminal , open up a terminal , type lx and hit tab . 
  if you get nothing , hit tab twice fastly and you 'll get a list of commands which start with those letters . 
  or lxt , or lxte . 
  you get the point . 
  / r/unixporn will appreciate those pics and might be interested . 
  what if we could magically change tungsten for some high energy material ? 
  the issue i have with some of the fat people is that they are doing the same thing to their kids . 
  stuffing them with cheap , fast food items , getting them obese . 
  i understand that this has a lot to do with poverty , but also lack of education and in some cases stupidity plays a role . 
  ok , you 're ok with being fat ? 
  no problem , go ahead and knock yourself out !, 
  but even though it 's your kid , you do n't have the right to teach that kid such an unhealthy life style . 
  it 's not ok to give cigarettes , alcohol or drugs to your kid , but getting them obese or morbidbly obese is perfectly ok . 
  fucking pay to win bastards . 
  absolut zero coerenta , consistenta si continuitate . 
  any details on the theme openbox theme ? 
  and icon theme ? 
  and gtk theme ? 
  looks awesome , i want that on blue . 
  at first , there was nothing . 
  then , atrin exhaled the world into it 's existence , creating the oceans with it 's sweat , blowing the winds with his breath , carving out the mountains and digging up the oceans with his hands . 
  for light , he has provided us the sun , with a clap of his hands and for warmth , guidance , protection and punishment he has provided us with the diskus , to stand for ever above us , to remember us about his greatness , to protect and punish us with hails of fire falling from the skies , reminding us that not following his will shall bring us to our end . 
  for those who stay under the diskus all feel protected , as the blessings fall directly upon you , but so shall punishment if you shall not obey . 
  for those who live far from the diskus , do not despair , as the great atrin hears your prayers and the diskus was created to protect us all who walk this earth . 
  * i can continue this if needed . 
  as the diver-x81 class ships soared across the horizon , dropping ground troops and combat vehicles , the reds knew that the day had come . 
  it was a chilly summer day , one of the many such days on mars , the oldest of the non-earth planets , or the first terraformed planet . 
  and this was the first day of many more alike to come , the first day of war . 
  war against earth , fighting for independece and freedom from the control of earth 's political and economical control . 
  home of three billion people , martians , as they called themselves , even though earth still considered them humans still . 
  over the generations , the smaller gravity and different air pressure has made the humans here taller , skinnier and lighter than the humans on earth or from other planets with similar mass . 
  they called themselves martians . 
  physically , they are weaker . 
  but due to the abundence of resources on mars and import of brilliant minds from earth over the span of generations , mars has developed in secrecy more advanced technology to counter earth 's numerous fleets . 
  also , martians have home ground on this one . 
  despite the earth propaganda , mars just wants independence , and not to invade earth . 
  because of their changed physiognomy , a martian could not survive for long on earth . 
  the earth troops touched ground at the edge of the great desert , 200 miles off the mars capital , der . 
  the mars liberation front had few soldiers compared to earth 's huge war machine , but they can now have the first move , using the technology which was developed and worked on in secrecy for over 20 years . 
  `` deploy the alphas '', 
  `` now ? 
  they are still 170 miles away from us . 
  should n't we wait for them to get closer ? '', 
  `` no , they wo n't have time to find a way of properly dealing with them . 
  and we need to send them a message . 
  we are not afraid . 
  deploy the alphas '', 
  from an airplane hangar from the margin of der , a fleet of 352 robots running on four limbs started to run in the direction of earth 's convoy . 
  they were running fast , 70 miles per hours , much faster than earth 's convoy could have travelled in the great desert . 
  as soon as the fleet enters the convoy 's weapon range , the robots spread , 600 feet away from the other , increasing their speed . 
  earth 's convoy panic ; they fire shells at the robots , but taking them out one at a time is n't enough , as the fleet closes in more and more , teaching the convoy that the projectiles of their guns bounce off the robots ' reflective outer shells . 
  the robots pass the first rows of the convoy at full speed , advancing deep inside the convoy and exploding , one by one , in strategic points inside the convoy , wiping every single member of the convoy . 
  back in der , the mars liberation front officers congratulate themselves for this first victory , concluding that this is one of the many to come , fighting earth through superior attack and defense technologies , convincing earth authorities that mars and martians are independent and strong enough to break itself free from the central authorities . 
  up in the martian skies , the diver-x81 class ships , which observed the slaughter from up above , send reports to earth , informing of how the intimidation troups were dealt with by the citizens of mars , advising approval of full force usage when necessary and that mars should be set as an example for any planet which wants to break itself from the central earth authority . 
  thanks . 
  love the image you posted , it 's gon na be my wallpaper for a while . 
  just a little correction .
