  or maybe i said something wrong and i start feeling embarassed . 
  all this , although normal occurrences with everyone , it will make me extremely comfortable and that 's when i start becoming weird . 
  in high situations of stress i may become non verbal . 
  i ca n't talk for a few minutes , an hour maybe . 
  i get obsessed with things . 
  i love learning and reading about new things . 
  sometimes the obsessions burn out quickly , sometimes they hang around for longer . 
  i am learning how to control this aspect of my life , using it in my favour . 
  trying to hikd on to useful obsessions by avoiding burning them out , whike completely satisfying my more useless obsessions so they burn out faster . 
  hyper concentration . 
  it is normal for me to dedicate myself to an activity i enjoy for more than 8 - 9 hours without food or water . 
  i usually get very hungry when i slow down or stop and go and eat . 
  this can apply to gaming , studying , or doing a physical activity which i enjoy . 
  it 's pretty much like getting `` in the zone '' , but i can stay there for 10 - 14 hours without any break . 
  my so says that it 's damaging , so i force myself to take breaks for eating , have water around at all times and go to the toilet . 
  i do n't like being touched in certain ways , i always have to ease in the process of being touched intimately . 
  this caused problems with relationships , but i did learn how to manage it . 
  i do not like to take decisions based off emotions . 
  of course that i feel emotions just like everyone else , maybe a bit more but there is no point in involving emotions when taking decisions . 
  that being said , i am learning to incluse emotions in some decisions . 
  i would n't be doing anything else other than saving money if i were to not involve emotions in my decisions . 
  some jquery might come in handy now and then , but flex is pretty much a better replacement for bootstrap . 
  bootstrap did its job well , but it 's time to retire it , unless you have specific needs . 
  wtf . 
  ca autist , uita-te in dictionar sau da un search pe google sa vezi ce e ala autism -_-, 
  fair enough . 
  should n't be able to do [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mj0x79s.png ) . 
  also the results should have more than two decimals . 
  and when you clear it and input a number there is a zero sticking in front of the number . 
  these should be easy enough fixed though . 
  and it looks friggin amazing !, 
  you should make all the characters to lower case when adding a new streamer . 
  i 'm on my phone and it upper cased the first character . 
  and it says invalid channel name , unless i enter all lower cases . 
  this reminds me that i should do exactly the same thing to my twitch app . 
  anyways , great design !, 
  steagul * dac, 
  carlos and juan sit together to devise a new societal order . 
  the way i think about is that the nations are quite confident in their ability to protect themselves in the beginning and take you as a safety mechanism , so the limited resources . 
  later on , everyone gets in such a deep shit that they need to spend their resources to survive , they ca n't afford giving you all what you need . 
  it 's like prior to the invasion , the planet was some kind of capitalistic hell . 
  even in the face of destruction , you needed to perform perfectly in order to get any extra financial aid . 
  we do have a large hungarian ethnic minority . 
  they have hungarian as their first language , romanian comes second . 
  they have the opportunity to study in hungarian ( some romanians are not happy with that ) . 
  and they have a strong hungarian identity . 
  they do have politicians representing them in the romanian parliament , and some might say that they want to be separated from romania . 
  as a note , most of the hungarian ethnics are concentrated in a small area in the center of the country . 
  there have n't been any invidents or violent clashes though , so it 's mostly talk . 
  more of a `` but muh rights '' situation coming from both sides . 
  the romanian language is clearly latin , but has strong slavic influences . 
  bejng surrounded by slavic brothers , there are plenty of influences , and you can hear them when you hear the language being spoken by a native . 
  if you do try to read romanian , you will see for yourself that you can understand some of it just because you are a native portugese speaker . 
  someone else here will be able to explain this in detail . 
  short version , the people who gave this name to our country had to enforce the latin origins of our people ( language ? ), 
  wallachians are romanians . 
  romania is the result of wallachia , moldavia and transilvania being united under the same ruler . 
  all 3 were speaking the same language at that point ( old romanian ) . 
  we are hostile to russia , friendly but weary of the us , we get cheap stuff from china , like everyone else . 
  we do n't really know mich about brazil and india . 
  social inequality is a huge problem . 
  economically , romania and brazil are somewhat similar . 
  crime-wise , brazil is much much worst . 
  nowadays , romania is one of the safest areas in europe . 
  violent crime is low , we do have problems with people tryong tonsteal , but they do it without you noticing . 
  on a scale from one to ten , i would say 7 . 
  i would put brazil at 8 . 
  romania has something which is n't really present in brazil . 
  extended low-level corruption . 
  you want to get some piece of paper which proves that you are registered with a doctor ? 
  bribe someone for the paper . 
  you need a piece of paper from a government authority to prove that you are unemployed so that you can benefit from some extra free medical services ? 
  bribe government eployee . 
  if you do not pay these small petty bribes , you will find yourself in a bureaucratic hell . 
  we also have high level bribes , our leadera stealing millions from public money , getting themselves and their families filthy rich . 
  brazil , on the other hand is a much larger country . 
  you guys go big on this stuff . 
  drugs involved as well , states under the control of one person . 
  i was in santa catarina , was on a motorway . 
  100km / h , for 5 minutes i could smell a strong scent of fresh marijuana . 
  how huge could that marijuana field be and close to a place where people go through , in a touristic area . 
  that 's insane . 
  there is no argument to be made . 
  experiences may vary , i guess . 
  i come from the shitty part of the country ( botosani ) so that probably has something to do with it . 
  basically i was expected to pay off for absolutely any kind of interaction with government officials . 
  it 's one of the main reason i left the country . 
  if they become conscious in a lab , yes that will happen and it 's all good . 
  if robots become conscious whike they are out of some lab , out here with us then said consious robots would think that us attempting to revert them to their previous state as being extremely distasteful . 
  that 's the jawline lewis needs , not the jawline lewis deserves . 
  jaysus hristoase !, 
  it 's just that high iq apparently helps you to hide . 
  but not a perfect cover , and it also is tiring . 
  the autistic features are not taken away , just hidden . 
  also i imagine that if you have severe autism this wo n't help you to hide , it applies only to those mildly autistic . 
  as for self-proclaimed high iq individuals , they are everywhere . 
  everyone likes to think that they are intelligent . 
  but being intelligent is about applying your capabilities , not only about your potential . 
  modul in care se interpreteaza legea autoapararii in romania e tampit . 
  and how come we evolved to like that smell ?
