  that horrid dreadful screech . 
  i was walking towards it since i woke up here . 
  how long before that was it ? 
  thirty minutes ? 
  one hour ? 
  one hour and a half ? 
  at first i thought it was some kind of animal . 
  but as i move forward towards it it became more and more clear that it was not an animal . 
  it was repetitive at what appeared to be regular intervals . 
  every time it was identical . 
  and it sounded so ... human . 
  i was walking towards it because it was the only thing to walk towards to . 
  it was either walk towards it , or walk away from it . 
  i wanted to find out where i was and why , so i decided to walk towards it . 
  by now it sounded very close . 
  i was hearing it , but it also felt like most of the sound was passing through my body , going beyond it . 
  i see a light behind a tree . 
  i haste my pace , and as i get close to the tree , the light starts moving . 
  it was a tall creature , with long skinny arms and legs . 
  it 's skin was flexibile , even though it appeared to be made out of wood . 
  as it gets up and turns its body towards me , a shredding screech comes out of this creature , making the insides of my body tremble , and making me feel sick . 
  as i grab my stomach and squeeze it to ease the pain , i lean forward and vomit on the ground . 
  when i look up at it , it stared at me , with its white glowing eyes ... 
  what is the religion you are following and why is it richard matthew stallman ? 
  edit :, 
  arheologie jpeg ? 
  much design, 
  such originality, 
  must buy, 
  i jizzed . 
  damn it !, 
  [ asa e !, 
  i prefere the term `` easily entertained '' . 
  thanks for reminding me of this one !, 
  since manjaro grew in popularity , people seem to forget about archbang , including me . 
  eu am bookmarkul pus pe subscriptiile mele . 
  you are completely right . 
  i do still use distrowatch just for the `` submit distribution '' section , since i can find interesting distros now and then to give a spin in virtual box . 
  that 's the only valid use i have for it . 
  ** this adapted / inspired from asimov 's [ the last question ] ( http://filer.case.edu/dts8/thelastq.htm ) **, 
  the year was approximately 2.41 x10 ^ 13 . 
  man has long ago united in one conscience , a single united entity of pure information , omnipresent and almost omniscient . 
  it has been searching for the completion brought by omniscience since it has united into man , thousands of billions years ago , but not only of it 's lust for information , the force which drove human into becoming man , but to satisfy another basic instinct which has been inherited from human , stopping death , which was to come as entropy got closer and closer with each passing millenia . 
  the fact that a creator was involved in the apparition of the universe man inhabited was a certitude , but there were two pieces of information which were missing and made omniscience impossible for man : how to stop entropy and the location of the creator . 
  knowing that the creator is omniscient , man has sought it through all the corners of the universe , hoping that the creator shall share the information of entropy with it , thus saving man and completing it 's omniscience . 
  there were trails , footprints almost of the creator all over the universe , seeming almost intentionally left by the creator , to be found by man when it is ready and worthy of the meeting . 
  that has made man confident , a rudimentary artefact of the times of human ; but man did n't bother with the guilt or worry which should be associated with that feeling . 
  it sought in all corners , whereever the trails would lead , making all the connections necessary to find the correct exact location of the creator . 
  god , as human named it . 
  thoughts of the feeling of the completion of omniscience were racing through man , and even the possibility of man becoming a creator was taking birth in it 's thoughts . 
  at last . 
  this is it . 
  the place in the universe where the creator is located . 
  far , deep in the darkness and emptyness of an once crowded area , now just empty and barely having any traces of the stars which once were born , burned and died there . 
  and there it was . 
  the creator . 
  the traces of the creator , it 's remains . 
  it was now clear , the creator was long dead , leaving behind only traces of it 's presence , and a trail of information , confirming it 's once glorious existence , and also confirming it 's death . 
  man was confused for the first time in it 's existence . 
  it was clear that the creator has wiped itself out of existence , on purpose , no last message for man or any other entity which once lived in this universe . 
  and entropy was close . 
  man felt exhausted , defeated , and desolated . 
  omniscience has not been acquired and the missing piece of information is the one which was needed for man 's salvation . 
  as desperation was climbing it 's way into man 's bundled thoughts , it realises the purpose of it 's existance , it 's true meaning . 
  man starts gathering all the matter around it , bringing the universe together , squeezing all it 's information and matter together , closing in to the critical point , man 's final thoughts being riddled with the feeling of humanly joy thanks to the final achievement of omniscience . 
  although many others say that my job is tedious , i rather enjoy it . 
  interacting with people has always been a pleasure of mine . 
  also this is a no stress job . 
  all i have to do is smile , '' look pretty '' , and ask how many tickets they want . 
  i love watching them come and go ; sometimes they leave awed , amazed , pleased , and sometimes they seem dissapointed , bored or just neutral . 
  people are , well , people . 
  all different , in their aspects and minds and this is what i loved about my job . 
  but this guy , he had a certain look in his eyes ; he was n't here to see the paintings , or the sculptures . 
  no , he was here for a different purpose . 
  i know that look , it was hunger and lust . 
  i know it so very well because i see it once a month maybe ? 
  yes , that 's about it . 
  i see it about once a month , usually in the evenings , just before i finish my shift , when getting ready to go home from work in the museums locker room , in the mirror . 
  that 's when lust shrouds my mind , making me walk on the dark claustrofobic alleys of paris , following some random man , always a man , always tall . 
  as i quietly approach him from behind , softly touching his shoulder and politely ask him for a light for my cigarette , the same one i always use , a one year marlboro . 
  as they reach for a light , my knife slides into their neck . 
  the look in their eyes as i rush my left hand on their mouth to muffle the shout is always making my mind go in a quiet peaceful place , making my lust drift away in silence . 
  this man had this lust in his eyes as i was handing him the ticket , smiling and thanking him for visiting . 
  staring persistently , just as i was when i was hunting to calm my lust . 
  as i was thinking about him , i look around and see him standing on a bench , looking straight at me , fixating me with his lustful eyes . 
  i was only one hour away from finishing my shift , and starting to feel afraid . 
  i ask my collegue to hold my place for a few minutes , because i need to go to the ladies room . 
  i go straight to the locker room and as i change and looking in the mirror , i see neither lust or my usual `` normal face '' , but the scared little girl i used to see during my darker times of my childhood . 
  i get changed and leave through the backdoor . 
  after twenty minutes of walking through the most crowded streets of paris , i finally get to my apartment building , still scared but relieved and feeling more alive than ever . 
  as i enter the building , i hear the door behind me being slammed and before i manage to turn my head around i feel a hand planting itself in my hair , pulling my head back and a sharp pain in my lower back , right next to my spine and a soft voice whispering in my ear . 
  `` i know that you are like me , but i still despise and feel disgusted by blonde bitches like you . '', 
  yes . 
  i have read it ; that is amazing as well . 
  thank you . 
  `` jurnalist independent '' o sa vezi mai rar , oriunde in lume . 
  scoate si baga in gura . 
  super !, 
  well you guys started it ... 
  by not allowing internet service providers to operate .
