  that does not mean that i ca n't feel happy about my life . 
  i gave up once and stayed 7 years in a dark depression and i refuse to do it again , since it lead me nowhere . 
  white trash throwing itself in a pile of trash ? 
  what will they think of next ? 
  i pretty much train myself into following a routine or getting used to something . 
  so i reward myself for properly going through a routine element . 
  back when i was a smoker , it was a cig . 
  nowadays , i 'll allow myself some more video games time or one more episode of what ever series i am watching . 
  the thing is that i have a pretty busy and full scheduele . 
  so the temptation of being lazy is pretty damn huge , especially considering that i love laziness . 
  so i have to discipline myself into following all of my routine , be it new or old elements of it . 
  this type of discipline is probably the only positive aspect of growing up with my military father . 
  these tests are built so that they separate all the elements of a problem in clear distinct issues . 
  the flashing images test is supposed to test out your raw processing power . 
  basically they just made sure that there is n't anything physically wrong with your brain which could make you slow . 
  and there is n't . 
  that means that your slowness has another cause , psychological / emotional . 
  anxiety , depression , stress all cause the kind of slowness which you presented in the answers which you have provided . 
  romania pare a fi corect in zona din grafic . 
  normal ca isi puneau institutia in lista . 
  it feels directed to the us population . 
  liberal and conservative are not the only types of political views out there . 
  left is a perfect valid view in europe . 
  asa e si in irlanda . 
  hello , yes all this is extremely familiar . 
  going out for a social meeting is basically an internal battle with myself in order to convince myself not to bail on it . 
  i dislike it greatly , but i also know that i do enjoy being out with some nice people , most of the times at least . 
  of course there are failures as well , few meltdowns but i still want to learn how to interact with other people . 
  i have the same thought process even when i go to my social anxiety meeting , and there 's really nothing which can go wrong there . 
  if i do n't feel right i just go home and no one gets upset or anything . 
  it 's tough , wish i knew how to stop all this process from happening , but it is possible to learn how to leave with it at least . 
  good luck !, 
  yes , but despite jon 's impressive achievements let us not forget about the fact that ramsay knows only one way to fight : dirty . 
  also he is known to be able to accomplish great deeds with only 20 good men . 
  now he has the whole north at his command . 
  that 's what ? 
  like , 40 good men at least ? 
  either way , this is gon na be one interesting battle . 
  back to you , / u/geeky _ username . 
  catty mccatface ? 
  ramsay winning the game of thrones confirmed . 
  e morrwin , trollul local al / r/romania . 
  well hello there . 
  lfs . 
  tariceanu ? 
  xubuntu nowadays . 
  normally i would use crunchbang , which is discontinued , but there 's still bunsenlabs as a continuation of crunch . 
  i love debian with openbox , but i simply do n't have time to configure it the way i want it so i just took the lazy way and got xubuntu 16.04 . 
  it 's surprisingly good and it behaved excellent with my laptop setup . 
  recommended if you want something which will be up and running and pretty in 20 minutes post boot in live usb . 
  pentru cafea , ia-ti un aeropress si un french press . 
  iese perfect . 
  detach the asimov . 
  even though i love asimov , i did n't get around to readimg the book and the movie was extremely entertaining . 
  but obviously you do n't feel any asimov in that movie . 
  so in order to be able to enjoy it , take it as a movie made just inspired from the book and not after the book . 
  just sayin ' ... 
  i take adding functionality and polishing previous projects as part of the learning process and it actually helped immensely . 
  depends on if you want to go really fast or take your time i guess . 
  both ways are fine . 
  cum l-ati convins pe our lord and saviour rms sa vina ? 
  he 's wearing shorts though . 
  6/10 at least . 
  e superba tara . 
  `` fute-te-as in cur albinele care polenizeaza florile de pe mormantu ' ma-tii '', 
  gangbangs are hard when the whole gang is not there . 
  this is like when someone visits your home , compliments you on the nice furniture and the good interior design choices and you tell them to fuck off because you heard it 100 times before . 
  the difference is that in real life you would have to throw a smile and say thank you for the compliments . 
  but here on reddit you can just ignore the post and move on instead of being a bitter asshole . 
  i guess being the asshole makes you feel a bit better ? 
  de doi ani jumate . 
  how can one be productive while working 60 hours a week ? 
  have everyone at 35 - 40 per week , two days off . 
  for the extra work you need hire temps / interns and have them do the simple , but tedious and repetitive parts of the job . 
  watch productivity skyrocket . 
  these things apply to both physical and office work . 
  most managers would rather have someone working 60 hours a week because the person os on fixed pay , so you dont have to hire a temp and pay more . 
  but this is how you make sure that you get your project delayed . 
  after workimg 60 a week for a few weeks straight your productivity will get very low . 
  making sure that no one is overworked and hire people when you need to is actually cheaper and better in the long-term than increasing the work volume for your experienced workers . 
  keep the experienced ones doing the important difficult parts while gibe the repetitive parts to some newbs you just hired . 
  everyone will be happy . 
  oh of course we are able to work 60 per day . 
  no issue . 
  humans have been doimg work all day long since we started to exist as a species , and we are one of the most resilient land mammals . 
  what i was saying was just about efficiency and getting shit done in time . 
  if you have a 60 hors per week job and instead of having one person doing it you have two , one 40 , one 20 , or 30 each , then you 'll have a job which is better done in a smaller time interval , leaving more time for troubleshooting and dealing with problems wbich always come up . 
  you will also have 2 people available for overtime instead of one person who misght already be tired . 
  topul are sens. 
  read the explanation in the article you linked . 
  it states the reasons for the decline of productivity im the eu . 
  they do n't say anything about the work hours or work rate , but talk about the rate at which eu adopts new economic technologies , which is slower than the us . 
  that 's because the us is a homogeneous country , unlike the eu . 
  also the study is for 2006 . 
  fee more countries have entered the union since then . 
  also they were comparing the productivity betweet the 70s and the 2000s . 
  in the 70s the eu was formed out of the wealthy countries of europe , while in the 2000s it is more inclusive , less wealthy countries riddled by corruption being in . 
  this of course affects the oroductivity greatly . 
  i 'm not trying to undermine the us economy in my post , it is undoubtedly the largest and best in the world . 
  what i was saying that it could even be better if there were good practices in place .
