  they walk the short distance to the lab in less than a minute . 
  anna was waiting for them , greeting jamie one more time . 
  he greets her back with an expectative tone . 
  -- okay , let 's get to the reason of why you are here , mister carson . 
  one week ago we have found a new specimen . 
  it was found during a sub exploration mission , 500 feet deep , on the sea bed , laying there unconscious . 
  using the sub 's sample grabbing arms we have managed to grab and drag her to our facility . 
  -- her ? 
  -- she is now in a pressurized tank in research room two . 
  as they get there , jamie notices the trap door of a tank in the floor . 
  part of the floor was made out of reinforced glass , and the interior of the tank was lighted by some spot lights , allowing the researchers to see inside the tank . 
  jamie was almost in shock . 
  inside the tank there was an almost human like creature . 
  below the waist it had a dolphin-like physiognomy . 
  no apparent legs , but a tail fin probably used for propulsion . 
  just like dolphins , the lower part of it 's body seemed covered in small gray-ish fur . 
  the upper part of it 's body was almost human-like . 
  a woman , to be more specific . 
  the skin was also gray , maybe even covered in the same type of fur ? 
  jamie could n't tell , he was n't close enough . 
  it had breasts , and on the sides of the torso , there were two long slits on each side , and by the way they were moving , it was obvious that those were gills . 
  -- it 's not dead !, 
  -- it 's unconscious , anna tried to calm him down . 
  it 's head was obviously human , even though skin had the same unhuman like colour . 
  it also had long , gray hair floating around her . 
  -- this is not possible !, 
  jamie exclaimed . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  it seems like a mammal , but it has gills . 
  -- this one appears to have , brian said calmly while chewing his nails . 
  -- have you started performing any studies on it ? 
  why is it unconscious ? 
  anna took a file from the table . 
  -- she appears to be using echolocation . 
  even at this moment , she is constantly emitting high frequency sounds , imperceptible to our human ears . 
  we believe that she ventured outside of her comfortable pressure depth and that 's why she is in this state now . 
  -- have you tried to increase the pressure to see if she reacts ? 
  -- we ca n't do that , this tank has it 's pressure regulated by the outside pressure , we do n't have that kind of equipment here . 
  this is a new base , remember ? 
  -- okay , what is there to do , then ? 
  -- we already have our orders from the research institute . 
  get her out of there and perform further studies . 
  -- would n't that kill her though ? 
  -- most probably yes , that 's why you are here . 
  to perform the autopsy . 
  anna walks to the control panel of the tank and jamie stays in shock looking down through the glass of the tank as how water is being sucked out of the tank , leaving the creature on the bottom . 
  as the tank 's huge door slides open , they start hearing a loud high pitched noise coming apparently from everywhere inside the tank , and then appearing to surround them . 
  the creature is moving it 's hands slowly , trying to grasp something that is n't there . 
  as the creatures ' movements calm down in intensity , the screeching stops as well . 
  all this happened in less than 30 seconds , but it felt like hours for the researchers . 
  brian seemed much more calm now . 
  -- it 's dead now . 
  -- yes , it is . 
  jamie seemed disappointed about it dieing , he hoped deep down that it wo n't die once the water flushes away and that he would be able to communicate with it . 
  but those were childish thoughts . 
  on the bottom of the tank there was a net , covering almost all of the tank 's floor . 
  the net was connected to ropes going all the way up to the edge of the tank , so that getting `` her '' out of the tank was a rather easy task . 
  they lay her body on a research table in the room . 
  jamie can now feel the texture of her skin . 
  it was indeed completely covered in fur , almost identical to dolphins . 
  -- does she have a name ? 
  anna looks at jamie with a straight face . 
  -- yes , ondine , after the mermaid . 
  -- okay ... ondine , time to start working . 
  he walks over to his room . 
  he needed his camera , and some other forensic tools to which he was accustomed and preferred using them instead of what ever they had there . 
  loud thump inside the dome . 
  apparently something hit the dome 's walls . 
  jamie rushes into the research room . 
  anna seems petrified . 
  -- that . . should n't have happened . 
  the dome 's walls are so thick that animals or objects hitting the outer walls should n't be heard inside . 
  thump again . 
  it appears to come from near one of the port holes . 
  anna turns the lights near the porthole on , and they look outside the dome . 
  all they can see is a large , black cylindrical object heading fast towards the dome 's wall . 
  thump !, 
  -- what is that ? 
  what is happening ? 
  two dark gray silhouettes go past the porthole . 
  on the right side , another cylindrical object rises and hits the dome . 
  another dark gray silhouette can be seen . 
  maybe 30 - 50 feet away ? 
  -- it 's another one !, 
  the creature had one of it 's hands up , when it lowers it , the cylinders rush forward and hit the dome . 
  it raises hand again . 
  slowly . 
  they were watching it , mesmerized . 
  this creature , from their oceans , but unknown to them , is going to kill them . 
  lowers hand , cylinders obliterate that side of the dome 's wall , water rushing in , hitting the researchers with such force that they are left unconscious instantly and die in the moment when they hit the opposite wall of the research room , completely crushed . 
  after the water fills the dome , two of these creatures search and find their deceased kin and take her with them into the dark depths of the ocean . 
  * edited : spelling and formatting . 
  she has the right to be upset , but she should have seen it coming . 
  doing stuff in a public place which you do n't want to be public and then being surprised and being upset when they become public ... chatroulette is a public place where you interact with strangers whom you can not trust . 
  people are going to do things which are not right regardless . 
  we do n't have the means of changing that , it 's part of human nature . 
  all we can do is adapt and learn who to trust . 
  it 's not pessimistic , that 's how we are . 
  some people are simply mean or just like to troll . 
  it 's as simple as that .
