  the skin is charcoal black , wrinkled , with what seems an infectious scar across the right side of his face , starting from below the eye , going down to his triangle-shaped small mouth . 
  he looks down at his arms on the steering wheel . 
  four fingers at each arm , same wrinkled charcoal-black skin . 
  `` what were those beings at the gas station ? 
  why were they there ? '', 
  as hard as he tried to remember , nothing was coming back to him . 
  yup . 
  in order to fully use linux 's potential and enjoy it as it was designed you must love to tinker around with your system . 
  of course , there are many linux distros nowadays which can be used out of the box , no issues , no tinkering needed . 
  but that niche is already saturated by windows and macs . 
  e un foarte bun animal politic , dar ca om este absolut infect . 
  ^ this . 
  and also [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-ick-8jptk ) . 
  her voice might be annoying for some people , but the lessons are excelent , and a very good starting point . 
  the idea is to `` bring it to the living room '' . 
  connect your steam machine or pc to your living room tv and play by streaming and using a controller while leaning on the couch . 
  it 's honestly scary . 
  boston dynamics are the most advanced in robotics , and the article states that they 're the eight robotics company which they aquire in the past 6 months . 
  what the actual fuck does google want to do ? 
  i 've been watching them for about 2 years now . 
  they are by far the best in robotics , they actually managed to emulate natural movement of animals and humans almost flawlessly . 
  in movies , robots tend to move like . . well robots . 
  boston dynamics ' robotos move very life-like . 
  and the fact that google bought them is a tad scary . 
  that 's what 's so frightening . 
  we 're talking about huge money behind them and this is not cute asimo who waves and climbs on stairs slowly . 
  these are robots which actually do shit . 
  and soon they will do complex tasks better and faster than humans do . 
  also google is most definitly involving huge money and man power into developing advanced ai systems . 
  that 's why am frightened . 
  it 's google . 
  they are a huge company . 
  they take their time to take over things . 
  once they get a firm grasp , they get aggressive . 
  that 's what they done with the search engine ( privacy issues ) and youtube ( enforcing google plus , taking away control from users ) . 
  it 's the eight robotics company they buy in the past 6 months . 
  they are trying to gain control over advanced robotic development . 
  that will mean that they will have a monopoly over advanced robots . 
  the economical implications alone are huge . 
  yes they will bring huge awesome advancement in the field , there is no doubt about that . 
  but they will have a monopoly over it which can not be a good thing . 
  it 's still a long way to there . 
  they are huge and proeminent in multiple areas . 
  that just means that reaching critical mass will take a long time . 
  that if they get there . 
  look at microsoft . 
  they looked like they will reach critical mass as well , but instead they simply started to deflate once they got too high . 
  and the deflation is extremely slow . 
  i wonder which are the official reasons they want to build the robots for . 
  i do n't think i want to know the unofficial ones . 
  monopoly is never a good thing , no matter who has it . 
  monopoly means that you establish what ever price you want , and push any kind of service you want . 
  monopoly is when a company / entity has a firm grasp over a nieche of a market , having no competitors . 
  when and if competition rises , usually the company which has monopoly buys them , being stronger financially . 
  monopoly , up to a point is legal , as long as you gain it legally and do nothing illegal to maintain it . 
  services being free or fairly priced wo n't last long . 
  before all things , google is a company making money . 
  at some point they will start getting greedy . 
  the current owners of google wo n't be alive for ever . 
  when someone else comes in charge , things might not be so good . 
  think about it as having a king . 
  he is a good man , ruling over his people with fairness and respect . 
  there is zero warranty that the succesor will be the same . 
  i 'm very curious if they will expand boston dynamics ' current contracts with the us military . 
  they specified that they will honor the current contracts , which is perfectly normal , but i guess we 'll have to wait and see if they 'll continue with that . 
  not in the near future . 
  if they manage to get a `` robot army '' moving , it 'll be just like it is today with drones . 
  a superior army , composed entirely of robots against a scared army and population of humans from some enemy territory . 
  war doesnt have to have equal opposing forces . 
  also russia and china ca n't really be on the same side either . 
  they are competing intensely for markets in europe for a few years now . 
  these are the players indeed . 
  but for china to copy-paste the technology as soon as it exists the assembly line , it must get to a public assembly line first . 
  if the us military has it 's way , they will have combat able robots before they get released to the general public in any form . 
  just like they did with the internet , drones and so on . 
  i have no idea if google plans on collaborating with the us military in such a manner or not though . 
  if google pulls this out and if they give it to the us military before relasing the technology to the general public , the us will be the first with this kind of technology , and it 'll take some time to be reverse engineered by the other major forces . 
  currently , google appears to be the only entity with the will and financial power to make it happen soon ( in the next 10-15 years ) . 
  i 'm sure that they will create robots which are better at surgery , and robots which can aid firefighters . 
  and am not sure that they will not create megalaserfirebot 3000 `` kill all humans '' edition . 
  the issue is that they are buying the possible competition , and there is a big chance that they will be the only ones fabricating those wonderful robots . 
  which means that they will control the prices of the surgeon - fire fighting robots , with no comptetition . 
  i 'm more worried about the economical aspect , google getting a monopoly over advanced robotics development . 
  also steamos is more easy on the resources , doesnt it 's not clogged with extra software . 
  no antivirus needed . 
  of course the downside is a limited pool of games available , hopefully that will increase steadily as time goes by . 
  i do n't think gnome 3 is usable with 512 ram and 128 graphics . 
  if you want to test if it 's remotely usable , get [ this ] ( http://cdimage.debian.org/debian-cd/current-live/i386/bt-hybrid/debian-live-7.2-i386-gnome-desktop.iso.torrent ) and put it on a dvd or usb ( [ unetbootin ] ( http://unetbootin.sourceforge.net/ ) should do the trick with putting the live iso on the usb ) and just try it out in the live environment without installing . 
  if it 's usable , then you have a chance of actually getting steamos running on that machine . 
  if not , there 's no chance . 
  steamos is based on debian 7.2 with gnome 3 , which is exactly what i linked in that torrent . 
  easiest way would be by getting [ playonlinux ] ( http://www.playonlinux.com/en/download.html ) for debian . 
  download the . deb and install that . 
  i do n't know for sure , but you might need the i386 libraries too . 
  then , from playonlinux , click on install , search for steam and it 'll install steam through wine automatically , no hassle . 
  true . 
  for romanians , he is seen as a national hero , because he opposed the invading ottoman forces and for purging corruption from the region ( by using impaling ) . 
  also an interesting fact ; the names dracul and dracula were stating that they were part of a hungarian order , order of the dragon , hence dracul and dracula . 
  interesting is that in current romanian dracul literally means `` the devil '' or `` the demon '' . 
  one of our greatest national heroes has `` the devil '' as a last name .
