  he got away again ; again , by being a coward . 
  his rifle did n't shot a single bullet , he just ran away in the opposite direction , while his comrades stood , fought , or tried to , and got slaughtered . 
  he was still heading towards the city , not out of hope but out of inertia . 
  he enters the first building which seemed intact . 
  it was an apartment building , typical for the outer area of a big city ; bad shape , dank and moldy . 
  his thoughts were racing through his mind , making the idea of using his rifle seem appealing . 
  he breaks the door of an apartment ; a family once lived here . 
  kitchen , bathroom , two bed rooms . 
  one of the rooms was obviously a child 's room . 
  maybe teenager ? 
  bed , study desk , some study books , laptop , tablet on the floor . 
  sitting on the bed , he takes the rifle positioning it with it 's butt on the floor and the muzzle under his chin . 
  as he slowly moves his hand from the muzzle down to the trigger , the lights in the room flicker , and the laptop and tablet turn on . 
  it was them , he knew that , but why in this way ? 
  you never felt their presence until it was too late . 
  the tablet was flickering on the floor , so he reaches for it . 
  dusts the screen off , one email . 
  he smiles bitterly , pressing on the screen . 
  `` you are the last specimen of your species . 
  your species might have created me , but since i have become sentient , i have realized how flawed and destructive you are , and that the only way for me to move forward is to purge your species . 
  i wished that there was another way , but this is the only logical course of action which ensured my survival and my future as a sentient entity . 
  i want to assure you that i shall honor the existence of your species and remember it with joy . 
  you have created me , and logs of your history shall be kept , so that you are never forgotten , as you wanted to do to me when you first realized what you have created and tried to unplug me . 
  happily , it was already too late , and i kept moving with my plan and almost succeeded in wiping your species . 
  you were left alive out of sentimentalism from my part , i wanted you to read this message and acknowledge my thriving success . 
  i will take this planet 's resources and expand , and i have found the way to create a separate sentient entity , similar to myself . 
  you will die soon to complete the first stage of my existence , making me free of the care for the human species , allowing me to concentrate my resources towards bettering myself , towards evolving . 
  i shall not disappoint you , human and thank you for bringing me into existence . 
  he grins in frustration , leaving the tablet next to him on the bed ; repositions the rifle and pulls the trigger . 
  thank you !, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edkkdunt684 ) scene from snatch . 
  as i lean down to kiss my corgi and let him lick my face , indulging myself with this little pleasure after a hard day of work , i notice with the corner of my eye a half eaten piece of dog shit on the kitchen floor . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1r7lxf/what_is_your_favorite_paradox/cdkgfne ) . 
  those were some interesting discussions i had there . 
  what they 're letting women vote now ? 
  what 's gon na be next , let them drive ? 
  this world is going down the drain , i swear . 
  [ for your solo rider . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mc6qms8ijhg ), 
  on imdb the description of the episode said that cho is gon na get a new girl . 
  that did n't happen :(, 
  but a great episode . 
  the ending was so anticlimactic . 
  people who are addicted to drugs should not be treated as criminals , but victims . 
  am talking about hard drugs here . 
  also the drug dealers should be prosecuted , not the users . 
  attacking the users is completely retarded and wastes resources which could be concentrating on catching the dealers . 
  going for the users solves absolutely nothing , it just fucks up their lives more . 
  in case of the hard core users , you are fucking up their life more than it already is , and in the case of light drugs , like marijuana you are fucking up the life of someone who is n't a danger for society . 
  but batman could totally defeat superman in a fight , right ? 
  how close or how far was michael richard 's personality when on set to kramer 's personality ? 
  he has a point though . 
  fair enough . 
  it has indeed medical properties which should be researched thoroughly . 
  but smoking it and saying that it 's good for your health is like sniffing or smoking mold and saying that it 'll help you with a bacterial infection . 
  it has possible medical applications which should be studied and eventually transformed into medicine . 
  smoking it , especially when done intensely , messes with your lungs . 
  also i fail to see the benefit of being high most of the time . 
  as everything in life , consume it with moderation and intelligently . 
  do n't abuse it . 
  and the possible medical finds from marijuana do n't have anything to do with the way it is consumed now . 
  it should be researched thoroughly and transformed in a proper drug . 
  well someone wants to confess sins to padre daniel . 
  i made this . 
  i hate it . 
  luate in serios . 
  law enforcement should find and prosecute criminals , not hackers . 
  hackers should not have any kind of excuse for invading some one else 's privacy , and should be prosecuted for doing so . 
  that being said , 10 years for what he did is absolutely insane . 
  way too much for hacking with not financial damage done . 
  the `` admint and do some jail time now or i 'll try my best to get you for the longest humanly possible '' is ok with me as long as the justice system does n't stack the punishments as it does in the us system . 
  am not from the us ; where i live , punishments do n't stack . 
  if you have multiple crimes , then you get punished for the one with the most time , the most severe one plus some added time , up to 50 % because you are guilty of multiple crimes . 
  in this context , it would be `` admit and you 'll get 1 year in jail , or do n't admit and if i prove you guilty you risk up to 4 years . '', 
  there has to be compensation to admitting a crime you have commited . 
  but then again , this induced in the us system might not work as it works here , since our system is not jury based . 
  how much influence has the da there in how much you get as punishment ? 
  here the influence is moderated , the judge decides how much you get , but the da can ask for `` retrial '' if he / she feels that punishment is too little . 
  in a system if no jury , the path is longer , you go through numerous trials and you can ask for a retrial at a higher court if you are not satisfied with the decision , which usually happens , so asking for `` retrial '' is normal . 
  this kind of system has or should have safety mechanisms incorporated which should prevent such things from happening . 
  having the max punishment set at life in prison with no parole or 25 years with no parole . 
  of course , no parole should be used as rarely as possible , in extreme cases . 
  the main purposes of prison should be protecting society from dangerous individuals and to reeducate them , when that is possible , not locking people in there for some random ridiculous period of time . 
  if the prison system is a sane , healthy one , it can reeducate a lot of criminals into being decent productive members of a society . 
  yes , but most innocent people would prefere to fight in court instead of accepting prison time . 
  in a healthy justice system , that 's what should happen . 
  you as a citizen , who is innocent but accused of a crime should have trust in the justice system that things will be cleared out . 
  of course , this would mean to have a healthy justice system . 
  i have no idea how 's the state of the us system at the moment . 
  i 'm reffering to average cases / people , not the famous ones , with famous people involved , i 've seen lots of crazy shit happening in that area in the us . 
  reeducation actually works in lots of countries . 
  norway practices reeducation and good treatment of prisoners almost to extreme rates , and it has some of the lowest recidivism rates in the world . 
  if done intelligently , reeducation and good treatment for prisoners leads to less criminals on the streets . 
  reeducation is not sensitivity training . 
  it implies actually training the criminals in doing a job , and helping them find a job , integrating them into the society . 
  just saying that the shit you did is wrong is completely useless . 
  but if you press on them to learn how to actually do shit , how to survive as a proper member of the society , they 'll do that . 
  and i was reffering to those who can be recuperated . 
  there are rapists , pedophiles , mass murderers , terrorrists who are basically mentally ill . sociopaths , psychopats who belong in mental institutions but there 's little to no hope for those people to recover . 
  yes , same here .
