  but i 'd love seeing mike from vsauce getting on this one though . 
  uhm . . yes . . 
  hello snoop , when was the last day you went without weed and why did you ? 
  thanks for the amazing ama !, 
  why so pessimistic ? 
  maybe fox will broadcast the event . 
  am sure that they will broadcast the stages out of order and then stop transmitting after 14 hours just because . 
  ^ ^ firefly ^ ^ never ^ ^ forget, 
  hari seldon can be a norwegian name ... 
  well am pretty sure that daneel would take care of him and put him on the right track ( see what i did there ? ), 
  continuously . 
  and daneel would be a norwegian android . 
  that if you have read all 7 of the foundation books . 
  only if the muel is a swedish ethnic born and raised in finland . 
  wartune gameplay is actually pretty damn awesome , even though kind of grindy . 
  but it 's pay-to-win . 
  massively . 
  you usually start on a fresh server and everything is all good . 
  then they start patching updates , getting it more pay to win as you go . 
  in the first month , you can be in the top 10 without paying a cent , and my friend was in the top 3 just with paying for the sub thing , which was cheap and had only minor advantages . 
  then after one month we realized that if you want to keep up you have to shell out hundreds of dollars each month . 
  so yes , the game itself , as it was created is awesome and very addicting . 
  but they also implemented a shitty pay to win system . 
  yes , it 's like he thinks it through a few times , checks and double checks if he 's right before saying or commenting on something . 
  deep stuff man . 
  yup . 
  gaming on linux is working , but it 'd be a good idea to have a decent / modern system to do it on . 
  in linux you do n't have that many options to optimize your graphic drivers to play nice with games ( yet ) , and this feature is a must if you have an older / weak system . 
  also gaming on linux just started to rise , less than a year ago , which means most games which are native on linux are still ( officially or unofficially ) in beta and there 's still a lot of room for improvement when it comes to optimization . 
  broadcom . 
  needs more gold !, 
  that is ... beautiful !, 
  smart , definetly not . 
  good guy . . he was a bad guy in all the means of the expression , but for a long time he is trying to repent himself and trying his best to be a good person . 
  if that makes him a good guy now , it 's up to each person 's opinion . 
  he had and still has immense emotional issues which also led to other people being hurt . 
  he seems to be extremely bipolar and filled with fear . 
  the issue is that in his case , fear sometimes ( too many times ) causes extremely aggressive behavior . 
  exactly . 
  everyone is born neutral ( from a human natural way ) . 
  early social environment and experiences define and shape you for what you become later on in life . 
  i agree with you and gnome 2 had to move forward , one way or another . 
  the gome team didnt choose a popular solution , but it seems that slowly , gome 3 is building up to be a decent de and it 's what some people want . 
  but some people have to customize every little thing about their desktop . 
  but for those people there is xfce , kde . 
  or , if you want to go more in depth than that , openbox , i3 , awmwm and so on . 
  i personally ca n't use anything else than openbox since i tried it the first time . 
  it gives you a huge degree of freedom in terms of customizing and usability . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/channel/uczkracugnwksmohlgnuqawg/videos?flow=grid&amp;view=0&amp;sort=da ) is a good starting point . 
  her voice might be annoying for some , but the lessons are actually very good . 
  sin city . 
  mesia chip luminos . 
  optimist . 
  sadly ernough it happens all the time , and it is happening for a looong time . 
  there are people who specialize in stealing dogs and then sell them . 
  they go for young dogs , usually pure breeds and get good money . 
  well are n't we fancy . 
  robot apocalypse breaks out . 
  open chrome : / / extenstions in a tab . 
  then go to the folder where the extension is downloaded , and just drag and drop the extension file into the browser tab window . 
  it 'll ask you if you want to add this extension . 
  i think modern nuclear submarines do this . 
  also all fish do this as well . 
  aging is caused by cell degeneration . 
  cells multiply , and die . 
  with each diving process , the dna stored in a cell gets deteriorated , which causes the cells to get a less lifespan and also get more deteriorated . 
  species have different cell multiplying rates and also the dna might get worse slower or faster . 
  on a macro level , the heart beat rate is also important . 
  at mammals at least , at birth , the heart have a specific number of beats . 
  the average number is different from species to species , and also the number of beats per minute is different . 
  this explains the vast diversity of average lifespans throught species . 
  live slow , live longer . 
  human 's perception of time is just messed up . 
  we perceive time as being linear , but we do n't . 
  screw that shit . 
  why is his stunt double screaming ? 
  cred ca am orbit un pic . 
  frustrare , multa frustrare . 
  you so brave . 
  netflix uses silverlight , which is microsoft 's piece of doodoo . 
  so yeah ... 
  edit : accidentally a word . 
  edit 2 : apparently netflix will go html5 somewhat soon , as you all have been telling me . 
  they do n't need an exclusive . 
  just release it for the steam os with one week before the other operating systems . 
  i do n't imagine people being able to restrain themselves from buying it as fast as possible . 
  apparently it is using html5 but only on chromebooks . 
  google made a deal with microsoft and netflix . 
  but you ca n't enable the html5 on linux . 
  i hope so . 
  the html5 switch was supposed to happen some time ago , but they just said no that time . 
  very well put . 
  you are much more informed on the subject than i am . 
  and i knew about the drm issue . 
  about your last statement , that 's what i do not understand either . 
  yes , most linux users love the option of having a free version of a piece of software or service . 
  but also , most linux users wo n't mind a non free piece of software or service as long as it is good . 
  and netflix is a good service . 
  in the us . 
  in all other countries , piracy is still more convienent .
