  moto g 2nd gen , all in dublin , ireland :, 
  [ view from my window . 
  [ street near where i work . 
  [ street near st. patrick 's cathedral . 
  chestia cu avortul nu e first world problem . 
  jizz in my pants thought of the day : mazare prim ministru . 
  just think about it ... 
  did you need a kidney extraction ? 
  woosh indeed . 
  bine ma , dar is romani vii ? 
  vii ? 
  e o performanta reala . 
  i think gadea secretely likes the b. 
  e prea vocal , de prea multi ani . 
  la asta ma refeream si eu . 
  fix ce am zis mai sus se aplica . 
  nu aveam idee de raspunderea civila auto , nu am carnet , nu m-au interesat chestiile astea . 
  black screen of death for you then . 
  or the classic kernel panic . 
  fully interactive holodeck which takes live information from the past , basically a live feed with which you can fully interact , and it reacts . 
  i went expecting a `` hellz yeah , ` murica '' movie , and was ok with that , was expecting some interesting story with lots of action and propaganda . 
  i saw little to no propaganda , got a very interesting story , saw a serious case of ptsd on a man who only saw black and white for most of his life and an interesting story overall . 
  but i was severely put off by the cgi and effects of the movie . 
  in this kind of movies , the cgi should be subtle . 
  here , it was so poorly made that it stuck out like a sore thumb , throwing me off the pace of the movie and the story . 
  the scene with his newborn daughter where it was painfuly obvious that they were using a doll made me cringe . 
  it may sound superficial to be thrown off by the cgi in a movie where the story is the main attraction , but for me it was simply too bad to ignore . 
  the story was actually really good , interesting and captivating . 
  the movie did n't feel as a us war machine commercial , or as being too negative towards muslims , the term muslim itself is barely mentioned . 
  they are just presented as the enemy , as iraqi citizens , terrorists and so on . 
  also the black and white view of the movie , not presenting any other side is a bit disturbing , but that 's to be expected considering that the whole thing is presented only from the perspective of the main character . 
  well that would apply to any debian or buntu based distro . 
  why does xubuntu exist ? 
  would n't it be easier to just get ubuntu minimal going and then install everything else on top through a shell script ? 
  for some yes , some do n't have the know how of dealing with text based interface . 
  crunchbang does n't target advanced users only , targets intermediate and begginers who want to learn as well . 
  for me it was a great way of learning about linux , getting crunchbang , which for me looks great and after that customising it to cater my needs , learning about how config files work , learning loads about the command line and learning some bash scripting . 
  so it 's a great learning tool for a begginer who is n't that comfortable with starting with a minimal install , but openbox pushes you into toying around with it to get stuff as you want it . 
  singura metoda prin care poti fi sigur e sa o contactezi pe fb si sa intrebi direct care e problema . 
  her real [ dad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgesfisnm2g ) . 
  ape = primata , monkey = maimuta . 
  fuck it , even just saying `` do n't forget to donate to keep us going '' at the end of their posts would have helped much more than this . 
  or go the mint way , establish monthly donation targets , required to keep the project going at an optimal pace , and keep it updated live on their website . 
  what they did is just making it worse and makes them look bad . 
  linux users know both the importance of donating money and time when it comes to a project , and setting up donation goals would have helped immensly . 
  uk \u2260 ue . 
  ca iti creste infractionalitatea , e normal . 
  tagul e priceless . 
  vladimir , what are you doing on reddit ? 
  ukraine is not gon na invade itself , you know . 
  wait a minute ... 
  dar lipsa de coerenta in exprimare e colosala . 
  is n't debian working as some kind of parliamentary democracy ? 
  it works well for them , even though it seems to be a lot of bureaucracy going around . 
  un cetatean a vrut sa intervina , sa il opreasca pe hot , iar hotul a scos un pistol si l-a executat in cap . 
  in video e vorba de tigani ca grup etnic cultural , nu de rasa , sau strict etnie . 
  in ro e preferabil sa spui etnie , nu rasa . 
  lots of people buy cars they ca n't actually afford . 
  using your powers for good , good lad !, 
  lasa omu in pace , i-o fi dat dealeru shroomuri proaste , happens to the best of us . 
  moderate user here , use it for reddit / facebook / watsapp at work , holds one full day easily if using wi fi but under one day if using mobile connection . 
  for my needs , battery is excelent if using wifi , but pretty bad with rhe mobile network . 
  if you can charge it every night you should be ok with what you described . 
  but if you need the torch a lot , opposed to you need it for a few minutes few times a day , you should invest in an actual torch . 
  in schimb , avortul e ilegal in irlanda . 
  cine are sa isi faca , se duce in uk . 
  nu are nicio relevanta . 
  bancile i-au intins o plasa perfect legal , iar el a picat in ea . 
  concomitent ? 
  holy crap . 
  socially awkward person expressing frustration . 
  inca o chestie . 
  anarchisto e vanilla . 
  nu asa functioneaza lumea , societatea in care traim . 
  nu e datoria ta sa iti demonstrezi toata averea . 
  ala e rasism in stare pura . 
  this ^ . 
  cat scandal , mon cher , cat scandal !, 
  nu are in minte interesul uk sau al cetatenilor sai , il doare fix in cur de imigranti . 
  i 've made it after i lost a cool solar system wallpaper , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/knwvw2s.png ) one . 
  sadly i do n't know the creator , so i can give credit for this awesome inspiration . 
  edit : quality is bad in the upload , [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xp6dafo.png ) is a proper one in . png format . 
  thanks !, 
  glad you like it !, 
  fully aware of that , the whole point was to make it look nice , imagine it is the system of another star if you wish , 
  was actually thinking about making one in which the relative sizes are correct whrn i have the time ( maybe tonight ) , but the relative distances wo n't be correct obviously . 
  i 'm just worried that the size of jupitet might make the smaller planets look like tiny dots ( i have an idea of how to deal with the size of the sun ) . 
  my bad . 
  [ sursa ] ( http://legeaz.net/cod-penal-actualizat-2011/art-55-cpen ) . 
  la care altii te referi ? 
  plus ca un sistem in care nu se incearca reabilitarea va avea extrem de multi recidivisti . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ageehje.png ) one which i 've posted on this sub couple of weeks ago . 
  these are amazing !, 
  in rest , fumati daca va place . 
  unii pareau sincer entuziasmati , cei care faceau parte din herba life deja pareau in extaz . 
  i bet his internet history is a very interesting place . 
  yup , the game itself runs pretty damn smooth . 
  a frame skipped here and there , but that 's all really . 
  just the startup and menu navigation after the startup are slow . 
  but once you 've accessed one menu , the next time you 'll access it will be smooth in that specific session .
