  chimps do have very effective short memory , much better than humans . 
  they have that because at time , they have to move very fast through canopy , jumping from one branch to another . 
  this means that they have to make a mental map of the canopy in a fraction of a second , thus having this outstanding visual memory . 
  this gif is from a documentary about memory in various species , including humans . 
  for this test , chimps are much more better than any human . 
  it 's an evolutionary trait . 
  photographic memory is not a sign of a high iq , its just photographic memory . 
  similar to a digital camera if you wish , their brain takes a still of the environment very fast and very accurate , much faster and more accurate than a human who has even trained for this can . 
  i just told you . 
  they are basically set genetically to do that . 
  in humans , innate photographic memory exists , and it also can be trained . 
  it still doesnt get that good as an average chimp has it . 
  their brains specifically work based on that photographic memory because they need it to survive in the wild , while human beings do n't rely on it that much . 
  interesting stuff , thank you for correcting me . 
  and i did say that chimps have an ability similar to that of a camera , not identical . 
  same applies to humans . 
  and i was just pointing out that chimps are better at it than humans . 
  oh ok , i got it now . 
  chimps do it faster . 
  that was the point in the gif . 
  the gif is not cut out . 
  that 's how fast they are . 
  they see the numbers for a fraction of a second , and they remember the positions . 
  they take a fraction of a second to remember them what would a human take 1-2 seconds . 
  they are much more faster than us . 
  reminds me of [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkwwb9p_0pq ), 
  also you 'd risk breaking your ankles on a hard floor trying to get that kind of momentum . 
  that 's why they 're always using springy floor . 
  not only to gain extra momentum , but to soften the impacts as well . 
  how is one 's privacy violated by a cop wearing a camera ? 
  cops are present in public places , they do n't patrol your home . 
  when you 're in a public place , there 's really not much privacy ; that 's why we call it a public place . 
  they do that upon your call . 
  the camera records where the police officer enters , so it records what the police officer sees . 
  if the police officer has to forcefully enter a home or a private property , it 's the same thing . 
  as long as he / she was doing it according to the law , no problem there . 
  the camera records everything in case the recording is needed for more information , or in case of a complaint . 
  the camera does not have access to more than what the police officer sees . 
  it 's more that death was impressed by the fact that a germ managed to be relevant to the bigger picture , and had an influence on things . 
  this probably got the attention of both god ( chuck ) and death . 
  capturing death 's attention is quite a feat . 
  i thoughy it implies that as well . 
  considering they way the police works today in a modern country , police wearing cameras wo n't break anyone 's privacy , maybe only their privacy ( bathroom breaks ) . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gxp3m_p6by ), 
  nu are voie sa candideze , nu e nascut in romania . 
  i honestly believe that their primary interest is to have a perfect tool for blackmailing in political purposes . 
  this way they can control who ever is in charge of everything . 
  when you think about it in the long run , it gets incredibly scary . 
  nowadays internet is important in our everyday life . 
  entertainment , communication , education and so on . 
  some of the people who are now in their teens or in their 20 's now will be politicians . 
  in approx 20 years from now some of those politicians will be relevant . 
  there will be some people there who will have access to this data . 
  they will know everything that these people have done , in detail , with proof . 
  they will have the power to make them do as they please . 
  or he can just say that he lied . 
  in a proper democracy , unless you are under a oath , legally , it is your right to lie . 
  why be a heathen and go for a tiny fireplace ? 
  just go for a a normal sized one !, 
  steamm os itself is probably going to be open source . 
  yes it does . 
  but of course , steam os will have proprietary software in it . 
  graphic drivers , media codecs and the steam client itself will be proprietary . 
  you should check if you have the latest play on linux version , then install it from play on linux , as in let it download it and install it . 
  they have an installer which does not use pando media booster at all . 
  romania : do n't enter a cab unless you have a native romanian speaker to do the talking for you . 
  you 'll have to sell a kidney for the cab fare . 
  otherwise , have fun . 
  holy crap . 
  3.6 gb for an update ? 
  am using crunchbang . 
  the base system , without the home folder is 3.5 gb . 
  including all the software it comes with it is about 4-5 gb as well . 
  and updates are really small . 
  rarely see over 10 mb update , unless google chrome is updating . 
  uhm ... okay ... 
  considering how intelligent crows are , i think that it was actually just trolling . 
  i-a cerut documentele , ala a zis ca nu are . 
  inb4 op is gay ? 
  12 monkeys , inglorious basterds , snatch . 
  in those 3 he was n't playing brad pitt that much imo . 
  i also love the way he plays the `` crazy guy '' . 
  it was legitimate under the current laws in the us . 
  does not mean that the laws are good . 
  they are insane . 
  yes they have copied the form factor of the devices and the general look of the ui . 
  but it should n't be illegal . 
  you should n't be able to have patent over the shape of a device , or over how the gui looks . 
  they did n't copy it and pretend that it 's an apple device . 
  they copied it and said that it is a samsung device . 
  they did n't copy software or hardware , they copied the general aspect of hardware and software , mimicking it 's functionality and even adding more functionality in some cases . 
  apple uses form factors which are appreciated nowadays , that 's why samsung chose to mimic it . 
  but the hardware inside and code itself are not copies . 
  imagine if someone patented the square / rectangular shape of the tv and then started to sue all companies which use that shape on the tvs that they are making . 
  it falls under murphy 's laws . 
  i 'm not surprised that microsoft joined in this . 
  microsoft is one huge company , money comes first and they are not going to step out of an opportunity of making some more . 
  i am not a fervent hater of apple or microsoft , but i dislike many of their actions . 
  both of them do n't backout of doing immoral or even illegal things in order to assure some healthy cash flow .
