  it runs faster than you . 
  that was n't a trip and fall , it 's the way it stops . 
  look into the works those guys did . 
  they are the most advanced company in the robotics field . 
  they 're focus in the past years was on emulating natural movement of animals and humans . 
  purpose of this exact one is basically just experimenting with running on flat terrain . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7ezxbebe6u ) is a muel for rough terrain , with practical uses in the military field . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfrjrgbv8k0 ) and [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mclbvtiyg8e ) - antropomorphic models , emulating human walking . 
  these guys take a modular approach , and it seems to be working well and also fast . 
  they implement certain features to a model , then experiment further by making the models more and more complex by adding up to what they already have learnt . 
  now these guys are owned by google , so it 'll be interesting to see which direction they will take . 
  the models i have linked you to are all developed for the us military . 
  unless you had some interest in communism , you could n't know about their practices . 
  am in a former communist country , and even though i was just a few years old when communism fell , there are plenty of people here who have stories . 
  basically , during communism , if you managed to get approval to leave the country for what ever reason , you were reminded about the fact that you still have family left , and asked to collaborate , as in gather some info and spill it all out on your return . 
  he looks almost human . 
  in crunchbang , to fix your x config file when on an nvidia driver , download and run nvidia-xconfig with sudo . 
  it 'll configure the xconfig file automatically and you 're good to go . 
  weird . 
  maybe somehow sudo permissions were lost on your user ? 
  this was probably solvable by chrooting from a love cd / usb . 
  but going to a * buntu where you are more in your comfort zone was a good idea . 
  i am using crunchy but i have no need to update the video card . 
  also , if you want to find out about debian stable , on which crunchy is based on , and updating specific stuff on it , [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kuo6s-_2yk ) guy has started an excellent series about it and it includes exact instructions on how to update your nvidia driver . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tks9mubgy1a ) is the nvidia video . 
  i am by no means an advanced linux user . 
  i use crunchy for browsing , watching movies and gaming . 
  but customizing it is actually ridiculously easy and adsurdly straight forwards as soon as you get the hang of how config files work . 
  i have it setup like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qfgg2lj.jpg ) . 
  the weather is displayed from a script which i found on the crunchy forums and adapted it to my location and needs and it 's a really simple and straight forwards script . 
  once you take the time and attention to look into the tint2 and conky config files , while looking on their respective wikis you 'll see that configuring them is very straight forward and you get much more control than you 'd get with having a gui app to set it up . 
  `` your performance is so bad , even `` friends '' refused to cast you ! '', 
  `` i 've seen gayer men at a westboro church convention !, 
  this has `` ken kanniff - two strong men and a van '' written all over it . 
  i got off the train , going home finally . 
  it 's not like i do n't enjoy spending my time with my family , but a whole week can be a bit too much , you know . 
  finally feeling the ground under my legs . 
  for some reason , i was feeling anxious and eager to feel the solid steady ground under my feet again . 
  it was a dull , cloudy day , was feeling tired , 5 hour train rides do that to you . 
  as i get hope , i make myself a nice cup of tea and decide to take a nap , even though it was 6 pm and i should have waited few more hours and get a full night of sleep . 
  5:30 am , sun rising and hitting my face , flooding my room with light , waking me up . 
  slept thought the whole night , feeling completely replenished , but anxious . 
  i need to get out . 
  i wash myself and exit my apartment . 
  as i descend on the stairs from my 5th floor apartment , i start feeling better . 
  ground under my feet , not just a slab of concrete and metal suspended into the air . 
  then it hits me . 
  i 'm still on concrete . 
  i want ground . 
  the real ground . 
  dirt , grass , morning dew . 
  i walk towards the park . 
  i step on the grass slowly . 
  feels soft , safe . 
  i look around , no one seems to be here yet , but soon people will be out walking their dogs . 
  i take off my shoes and socks and step on the grass , feeling it against my soles , feeling the sun against my skin , being imbued with energy . 
  i look at my watch . 
  i 'm still there , sitting on the grass , my shoes off . 
  i need to be at work in one hour . 
  oddly enough , people were n't staring at me . 
  i guess they are accustomed to some degree of weirdness in this park . 
  work is being uninteresting today , and am getting anxious and nervous . 
  i work at the 4th floor ; but i try taking breaks and going downstairs as often as i can . 
  getting dark , feeling unsettled , almost mad . 
  i do n't want it to get dark anymore . 
  i want it to be day for ever . 
  i think i fell asleep on the floor last night . 
  it felt closer to the ground than the bed . 
  my skin feels itchy and much more rough than it should . 
  maybe i should n't sleep on the floor again , that carpet messed up my skin . 
  it 's light again !, 
  i go into the bathroom to get ready for the day . 
  as i turn on the lights and look into the mirror my green eyes stare at me . 
  i have brown eyes . 
  had , at least . 
  the skin on my face has wrinkled and changed into a dark gray - brown color . 
  as i look down at my hands , the same . 
  and get to the park . 
  i sit there all day , skipping work . 
  it ... it does n't feel right anymore . 
  this place . . this place feels artificial . 
  still , i sit there the whole day . 
  it 's getting dark again . 
  so soon ? 
  i wo n't get to that apartment again . 
  i start walking aimlessly . 
  soon after i realize that i 'm heading towards the outskirts of the city . 
  empty space of ground , dirt and grass . 
  feels good . 
  but i keep walking . 
  after an hour , i see a forest increasing in size in front of me as i walk towards it . 
  i walk in , middle of the night . 
  tired . 
  the cold moist grounds feels right , i take off my shoes and sink my fingers into the cold ground . 
  i feel them extending deep down , and my skin and bones stiffening . 
  sun starts to rise once again . 
  but i am in the middle of a forest . 
  light is being blocked by trees around me . 
  i can not move at all , i am bound to the ground now . 
  i need the light .
