as a romanian , this is the best and most honest description of the rroma situation i have ever heard / read . 
  that 's probably because it 's obvious that you 're foreign . 
  as you noticed , romanians are white as well  and they target foreigns because they 're considered easy targets . 
  every romanian knows that you have to be careful with your pockets and stuff when in bucharest . 
  not only from rroma , but from everyone , more so if you 're foreign . 
  their actual culture is consisted of music and crafting . 
  all that has been lost now , the music they make nowadays is crap and the crafting is almost lost alltogether . 
  the getting married as a kid part is just shit , stupid centuries old traditions which for idiotic and monetary reasons have been kept through out the ages . 
  they are a complex and severely messed up ethnic group , and there 's no one around who has any feint idea on how to deal with it . 
  `` i just made an ak-47 magazine -- i 've got it printing as we speak '' . 
  i 'm a romanian , so yes am sure  . 
  gipsies ( rroma ) are the swarthy ones , they are originary from india , got in europe in the 12th - 13th century . 
  but it is true that for romanian ethnics it is n't uncommon to be more swarthy , just like it is n't uncommon to be pale , blue eyed , green eyed , or brown eyed and so on . 
  apparently we have a mix of all complexions when it comes to caucasian skin color variety . 
  i 'm 6 feet tall , light brown haired and blue eyed . 
  that is just as common as someone who 's 5 ' 5 , black hair and brown / black eyes . 
  also in terms of facial physiognomy we seem to be almost identical to polish people , and very similar to bulgarian , ukrainean and serbs . 
  as a gamer , switching to linux full time is not really an option . 
  there were some gamers who did it though , some guy was playing only tft2 , lol and wow . 
  the latter 2 worked fine under wine for him so he switched . 
  but for now , as a gamer you should just dual boot if you want to enjoy the linux experience as well . 
  wow , interesting stuff . 
  i 'm curious how the 3d printer tech will evolve in the near future ( 10 years-ish ) . 
  yup , that is true sadly . 
  the situation this ethnic group is in today , here in romania is mainly because of what happened during communism . 
  this is more obvious when you look at the situation of the gipsies in countries like hungary . 
  big difference ; there gipsies have become involved in tourism and other various activities in which they exploit their tradition in a positive constructive way . 
  well when it comes to gaming , there 's no reason to lie to yourself . 
  linux is n't there yet , but apparently it started to get there since valve got involved , and it 's going remarcably well . 
  and if you use that pc to game , it 's normal that you still use windows 99 % of the time . 
  if you do n't game from that pc , then you 've probably just choose the wrong distro for your needs . 
  yes , both have pros and cons . 
  windows 7 is actually more than a decent operating system , if you put aside the political stuff , and erm , the price , considering that you did n't went al `` yarrrrr '' on it . 
  but for customizing freaks and tinkerers like me , a solid linux distro is the way to go for your non gaming experience . 
  also , it seems that nowadays , for an average non power user a linux distro offers a better experience . 
  if you 're a power user , windows might feel better just because you 're used to it . 
  also when it comes to linux gaming , things are progressing really fast thanks to valve . 
  they did the first huge leap this november / december . 
  the next huge leap will be when an another aaa developer will publish one of it 's titles to linux . 
  this will apparently happen sometime this year , when blizzard is going to release one of it 's games on linux ( title has not been announced yet ) . 
  there 's also the theory that the universe is infinite . 
  if that 's true , somewhere out there there 's another earth , 100 % identical with this one , in which the other me wrote this comment and the other you reading it right now . 
  actually , if the universe is infinite , there 's an infinite of 100 % identical earths . 
  the upside is that if the universe is infinte , you 're batman in an infinite number of earths , 
  the more the merrier , 
  in the us , unlocking your cellphone is illegal ? 
  really ? 
  shuttleworth 's company makes mir . 
  should have seen this one earlier , 
  smile and wave boys , smile and wave ... 
  if you want something out of the box worthy , try crunchbang waldorf . 
  lightweight , fast , works swell on older systems . 
  you can also give linux lite a try , or if you know what you 're doing , debian testing netinstall , and go with a lightweight setup . 
  also most lxde should run just fine and lxde has the `` windowsy '' look to it . 
  so lubuntu , watt os , peppermint 3 ; these 3 are lxde . 
  hope you 'll find a good one for the lappy , cheers !, 
  got ta keep those it people clean , shiny and happy !, 
  kim jong-un and who ever is his first advisor . 
  hopefully it would make things crazy enough to make people take over . 
  if getting your bosses ' number to ask him / her bout what to do is not a real option , take public transportation to get there . 
  it 's the safest surest way . 
  if that cloggs , you can have a valid and real excuse for it . 
  that sucks , forgot that in the us personal transportation was prefered over public one -_- . 
  i guess that if there is no risk of getting blocked in the snow in the middle of no where then just go . 
  check the news . 
  if there is a chance of getting blocked , consider it thoroughly . 
  if you decide to go , pack up 2 bottles of water and some food , in case you get caught in the snow and you find yourself completely isolated for the day , until you can get going again . 
  also make sure you have your tank full , or as full as possible . 
  good luck mate !, 
  with sandpaper . 
  at least doing it while watching reruns of jersey shore ? 
  or that 's too dirty ? 
  well i live in europe , and not in one of the nice pretty nice to live in countries . 
  but still , we have public transportation from the middle of nowhere to somewhere at least twice a day  it 's always weird to hear americans speaking bout not having some form of public transportation always available when in places which are n't large urban areas . 
  yes . 
  but sandpaper would not be enough if you watch reruns recorded willingly by you ... 
  no context worthy material right here . 
  this is just . . good . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://wallbase.cc/wallpaper/2407036 ), 
  has pissing off japan ever been a good idea in the history of humanity ? 
  * aliens !, 
  well , i 've read this in a post few days back ; / r/atheism is more of a venting place for atheists / non believers who are living in the [ bible belt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt ) . 
  i do n't live in the us , so i ca n't relate too much with them , but from my understanding it is their way to ventilate , since they ca n't even admit to the way they think about spirituality because bashing will follow . 
  so basically , the hate or bashing posts against christianity you see on here are made by people who actually live amongst hard core or even fundamentalist christians . 
  so if you , as a christian are being offended by all these posts or / r/atheists , that 's perfectly normal , because that 's one of the points of venting out . 
  well everyone knows that eminem is a black albino . 
  i do , most of the time and i have balance issues . 
  are you a pimp ? 
  i am batman . 
  romanian movie , about the beggar mafia in bucharest in the begining of the 90 's . 
  very good movie . 
  simon cowell as snape ? 
  that would have been epic !, 
  there 's a new expansion out , there are much more cards than before , and it 's definetly way less buggy than it was . 
  also , shadow era is definetly free to play . 
  boxing is actually ridiculously similar to chess . 
  where i live marriage is not completed by a priest , but by a town official . 
  the religious ceremony is completely different and has zero legal value . 
  the official marriage is done either by the mayor , or by an official who has this duty and does all the paperwork .
