  spam ? 
  liv\u00e3o dragnero de teleormano . 
  germans and belgians having salmon and chips while all is left for ireland is `` fish '' and chips . 
  nano . 
  si functioneaza . 
  the way i do these multiplications is just by taking the path of least resistance . 
  it is easy to multiply by 2 . 
  even easier to multiply by 10 , you just add a 0 . 
  it 's easy to divide by 2 as well . 
  and easy to multiply by 5 . 
  if multiplying by 5 is not clear , multiply by 10 and divide by 2 . 
  so , 95 x 39 . 
  it 's the same as ( 95 x 40 ) - 95 . 
  that 's 95 x 40 covered . 
  this does n't use any kind of trick or formula . 
  you just do the easy calculations until you get close , then substract or add until you get where you want . 
  with a bit of practice , it 's just as fast as the time it takes you to get your phone out , go to the calculator app and do the calculation . 
  i just love how stargate fans are everywhere , minding their own businesses and popping out when something relevant shows up . 
  we are like sleeper agents . 
  fistful of frags , stellaris , faeria . 
  / r/justneckbeardthings, 
  i have my doubts about this theory as well . 
  the answers to your questions though are that people went to sleep after finishing their daylight - requiring chores , got some sleep and then wake up to do some less intensive tasks which can be done with candle light . 
  most likely just some stuff inside the dwelling . 
  also sexy time . 
  this guy is fascinating . 
  he keeps jumping from perfectly reasonable and sane ideas to extreme , weird ideas with absolutely no effort . 
  well he is wearing suspenders ... with a belt . 
  am fost si o sa ma duc din nou , dar in brazilia . 
  autistic kids rock . 
  cucks and normies , obviously . 
  i switched from using chrome for . . since chrome was released ? 
  tabs to the left , containers ... just convinced me to switch . 
  had to get a change tabs with the mouse scroll wheel addon and i was good to go . 
  containers convinced me to switch . 
  looks like some magic shroom . 
  i am thoroughly confused . 
  this . 
  although in the beggining it looks like you said that the older you get , things become more difficult . 
  for me at least , they become easier . 
  i 'm 29 , and it just gets better and better , although slowly and fuckups are unavoidable . 
  but like you said , if you are honest and keep a straight forward attitude people will appreciate that and it really is an asset sought for in many lines of work . 
  i was completely surprised to diacover that charisma can be learned and it can be done easily just using common sense . 
  go against your natural impulses of rambling about your special interest to everyone and juat try to find a middle ground when chatting to someone . 
  talk about something they interested and you have some knowledge in and you 'll get yourself a nice convo which actually feels natural for you as well . 
  also given our nature of information hoarders , finding a subject we are somewhat knowledgeable in should n't be that difficult . 
  i think it 's just life experience in general mixed with our native positive traits , like amassing information or attention to detail . 
  once i managed to claw my way out of depression ( depressed aspies , please seek help ) , things just started to get easier . 
  there are still issues of course , ocassional breakdowns and meltdowns but quality of life just gets better . 
  despite our flaws , we have qualities as well . 
  look for your own qualities and positive traits and learn how to use them in your favour . 
  both professionally and socially . 
  get out of your way and help others whenever possible . 
  that 's the best way for us socially retarded ( retarded as in slow learning ) people to do networking . 
  and it works beautifully . 
  force yourself to get out of your comfort zone whenever you feel like it wo n't lead to a total meltdown by doing so . 
  doing that you will push your limits and just become better and better at life and people in general . 
  we will always be awkward , a bit off maybe . 
  that does not mean that we ca n't be integrated or have a life . 
  if you are high functioning you have a duty to yourself to make yourself a functioning member of society . 
  start by helping yourself . 
  then slowly move towards helping others . 
  i relate with the walking wikipedia part . 
  amd yeah , with your significant other , once you are able to just be your true self things start working smoothly . 
  i lost it at `` would you be my m ` man ? '', 
  oh and it 's a good loop !, 
  love myself a good snoop loop . 
  yeah , yorkshire terriers make some cool looking yellow cowboy hats . 
  much better use for them since the tiny fuckers , 7-ish of them was making it impossible feeding 3 colonists in the begginging . 
  everyone was borderlyvstarving except the damn dogs . 
  poor cline was attached to one of them . 
  named him and all that . 
  cline took that sorrow to the grave with him when he was brutally murdered by some raiders . 
  did the right thing and burried him tight next to his buddy . 
  and that 's why you send them all in the kitchen when you have a manhunter pack situation . 
  12 flesh hungry timer wolves ? 
  no problemo , kitchen time and let the turrets take them out . 
  yeah , wolves might take out some turrets , but turrets go boom after they fall so it 's all good . 
  and timberwolf skin dusters for everyone !, 
  losing in this game is absolutely spectacular . 
  it does n't just happen , it lingers over days . 
  hide your food supplies !, 
  i would really really be afraid of something shady going on in the background . 
  if they do legit opensource it , it would probably take a year or more for the code to be audited by volunteers , although i guess companies like red hat would be all over that code like a fat kid over cake . 
  also from what i 've heard ( maybe things changed ) the windows codebase is extremely messy , which would slowdown auditing efforts . 
  i would not use it simply because linux has the level of cusromizing i need when it comes to desktop environment and workflow . 
  also is more light on the resources . 
  well i guess the idea would be that they should have a chance roll to who to approach according tontheir sexuality percentage . 
  so if they are at 50 % on the scale , then there 's a 50 % chance when it comes to choosing the sex of their next `` target '' . 
  after that , they stay fixated on that target for a good while . 
  the target itself is going to be somewhere on the scale . 
  so if they are at 20 % , that acts as a multiplier to their current chance of acceptance . 
  in this presented case , would still be improbable but far from impossible . 
  so , we have a pawn at 90 % on the scale , as in 90 % chance to prefer the same sex when choosing a partner . 
  they roll , choose same sex . 
  they become fixated over that pawn for a set period of time . 
  other pawn is on 20 % on the scale , so more likely to be attracted of opposite sex . 
  when the other 90 % pawn starts to hit on them , they generate a chance of acceptance . 
  this should be independent of gender . 
  lets say between 20 % and 70 % .
