  da is the only one who decides what to charge , that 's the da 's job , alongside with gathering and presenting evidence to the judge . 
  but here , because charges do n't stack , the da has zero influence on the time the accused might get if proven guilty . 
  judge has the power what charge will get more time , selects that as punishment and add more if he / she thinks necessary , according to the other charges . 
  you never know exactly how much you can get , you can only estimate a minimum and a maximum but even then you can have huge surprises . 
  here , if you plea guilty and you think that you got more time than you deserved , you can ask for a retrial to a higher court . 
  same goes for the da if he / she thinks that you got too little time . 
  of course , the retrials are limited . 
  it 's about 3-4 , depends on the type of the case . 
  each time you go to a higher court than previously , until you get to national level , where a final definitive sentence is provided . 
  that of course , if the judges have enough proof in one way or another . 
  there are cases in which , because the judges do n't feel that there is not enough proof , they simply restart the whole process . 
  start on square one , from the lower court and work your way up again , trying to get a definitive decision . 
  that 's why there are trials here which have been going on for 15-20 years . 
  drunkcliffe is the best . 
  es gratuito !, 
  dat surface tension !, 
  they changed the description to a correct one . 
  the previous one did n't have anything to do with the actual episode . 
  i was curious about how they would do the character . 
  i knew that he was going to be a blackmailer , and i share sherlock 's opinion on blackmailers . 
  but they did n't make cam a blackmailer , they made him a personification of blackmailing . 
  he is blackmailing itself . 
  he is not some media trust owner who blackmails people , he is a guy who made a media trust to valorify blackmailing and gain power . 
  that made the character likeable as a villain . 
  he is not just some sad piece of human trash gathering power , he actually holds true power . 
  loved it . 
  tableta care se dizolva pusa in rezervor . 
  really ? 
  or adoption , remarrying . 
  second hand box . 
  save the trees man . 
  flawless logic !, 
  lineage 2 i think still has this mechanic . 
  it did at least during c4 - c6 , pretty sure it still has it . 
  in that game pvp is free for all starting with lvl 1 . 
  but , when you engage pvp , your name turns pink . 
  if the player you are attacking is not striking back , and you kill him/her , you comming a pk ( player kill ) and your name turns red for a few minutes at your first pk . 
  when your name is red , you are fair game . 
  anyone can attack and kill you with zero reppercussion . 
  the more pk 's you have , the harder is to turn your name to the normal red to white again . 
  in order to make your name normal again , you need to kill mobs in the game , thus being exposed . 
  also , if the player you attack strikes back , then both of your names turn pink , and will stay like that for a few minutes after the battle is over . 
  the more pks you have , the greater the punishment upon your death is . 
  you lose more and more experience , and even after you clear your pk ` er status , because of the pk 's you have commited you gain some karma points which are persistent . 
  the more of those karma points you have , the higher the chance for you to drop an item when you die . 
  that is a horrid prospect in a game which is based on grinding , havin a chance of losing months of gameplay just from a simple death . 
  this pvp mechanics made out of lineage 2 and excelent social - political game , players being able to group up in clans , and clans in alliances . 
  there were fights and wars between certain clans which lasted years , with actual hate just over some silly things happening in the early levels of the game , fights and wars which actual influence the social and political map of the game . 
  it was a grindy game , horrid in that aspect , but the social and political aspects of the game were amazing . 
  from their point of view , they 're doing perfectly . 
  they have made a ton of money out of 5 . 
  true true , i personally do n't play any gta game , i was talking from their point of view . 
  of course opinions will differ a lot , but from their point of view they are on a right track and of course they will probably try to improve their games as time goes on , since they actually seem to care about their product and customers . 
  probably yes . 
  never said that it was an original mechanic , just really really well implemented . 
  i never played lineage 2 for too long , but a good friend of mine did . 
  just hearing about actualy social and political fights between individuals and clans / alliances was extremely captivating . 
  and the grind aspect of the game was basically pushing players into massive wars . 
  shitty customer support . 
  te descalifici instant din functia pe care o detii . 
  exact . 
  the sole purpose of the law was to stop russian pro gay rights protests , because they were getting more and more violent and out of hand . 
  there were people getting aggressive against the pro gay rights protesters , and the pro gay protesters were getting aggressive against the anti ones as well . 
  and there was also police involved there which pitched in to the fight . 
  gay - related protests started to always end up in three parties massive fights and they were getting more and more often . 
  so they decided to pass this law , forbidding gay `` propaganda '' , which basically says `` no gay stuff in any public places '' . 
  on a public and political level , putin says this stuff to be in agreement with the general majority of the public . 
  but basically , this law exists because things were getting really out of hand for the russian authorities and could lead up and build up to more massive protests , not gay rights related , so they decided to stop the movements while they still could without the use of force . 
  i am by no means defending the law or putin , but eplaining the thought process behind it . 
  even though it does affect the gay population of russia and gay rights , the core reasons for this has little to do with gay rights . 
  that 's just propaganda for the masses . 
  all what putin wants is complete control , he could n't care less about becoming more like the west , or if gay people have equal rights or not . 
  all he sees is means for him to have more control . 
  if gay people having more control for him , he 'll do it . 
  currently , it does n't , and the current course of action those grant him more control . 
  remember that he was kgb . 
  he is a very intelligent person and a master of speech and manipulation . 
  he 'll gain control , and he 's gon na juggle with keeping the population content while gaining more and more power . 
  `` last contacts have been connected . 
  ground , standby for success or fail confirmation . '', 
  `` initializing . '', 
  `` standing by . 
  receiving data . 
  congratulations os , mission success . 
  good job jess , the radar is back online . 
  you still have plenty of oxygen left . 
  secure the panel and enjoy 20 minutes of eva . '', 
  this went better than i have expected , jess thought to herself as she was closing the panel . 
  this was her secound mission and third space walk . 
  she turned her body away from the satellite , looking far into the space . 
  this was the first time she actually looked at it in this way . 
  staring into nothingness . 
  because of the her helmet lights all she could see was only a few stars . 
  it looked so . . vast . 
  and void . 
  she aknowledged that all of that was space . 
  most of it empty , void space . 
  behind her , there was a satellite , a big one . 
  behind that , there was earth . 
  when she saw earth from outer space , it seemed huge for her .
