  well played , dolce , well played . 
  you 're not an asshole but you 're thinking it wrong . 
  this is what make a wish does . 
  as , you said , most of the things needed here are donate / volunteered for . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure the people who donated for this project will donate again in the future . 
  also , big projects like these are very good , because they get huge media coverage . 
  this means more people will see this and more people will be drawn in to donate . 
  that means more money and more resources for the kids . 
  so it 's much more better than sending 2 kids to disney world . 
  i do n't know how ali g makes them do [ these ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbwros0yp54 ) things . 
  even though the causes are complex and vast , it all comes down to corruption . 
  massive , undiscriminatory corruption since the communist regime went down in 1989 . 
  fm is very very addictive . 
  i am by no means passionate about football , but i got lost for weeks in this game . 
  it 's insane . 
  highly detailed and thought through manager / simulator . 
  it 's not only about how hard it is or how easy it is to use . 
  if you 're in need to replace windows xp , chances are that you are probably talking about an old machine , with 1 gb or ram . 
  ubuntu with unity is not a good idea . 
  maybe , but it feels much more sluggish on a 1gb machine than xp . 
  that 's my experience at least . 
  e in romania . 
  or the kilmer . 
  they do seem to be growing exponentially . 
  let 's just hope that they never reach critical mass . 
  debian does n't target new users . 
  they have a strict well defined policy when it comes to how their distro works , and it has been proven effective , since it 's around for about 20 years . 
  and to be fair , if you know the basics , debian is really easy to set up . 
  but but ... we talk about it all the time . . 
  seems to be conky . 
  we should also call a testicle expert to assess the condition and tell us if it 's even worth buying . 
  kudos to them . 
  politicieni sunt oglinda tarii din care provin . 
  anarchisto e de vina . 
  no it does not mister dicaprio . 
  yes , but after the omnipotent being does that , it is no longer omnipotent . 
  basically the question reduces to `` can an omnipotent being renounce it 's omnipotence ? '', 
  since it is omnipotent , then definitly yes . 
  once you create a rock so heavy you ca n't lift it as such a being , you renounce your status . 
  definition of omnipotence would have us to say that yes , it can create a rock so heavy that it was never able to lift , will not ever be able to lift and still remain omnipotent . 
  but common sense and logic would lead us to say about that being that it is both omnipotent and not omnipotent at the same time , something similar to schroedinger 's cat . 
  not if we consider time linear , as we perceive it . 
  if i point a random person on the street and ask you if you have the ability to kill it , and you answer `` yes '' , that does not mean that you are a murderer . 
  the being does not lose it 's omnipotency until it acts upon it . 
  if we consider time non linear ; all past , present and future events happening all at the same time , basically making time itself something completely different than it actually is , then things are different . 
  the being will not be omnipotent , because there is that thing that it can not do . 
  yes . 
  that would make the other omnipotent being not omnipotent . 
  but that means that the other omnipotent being will do the exact same thing for the first one so they will both cancel eachother out . 
  that is why more than one omnipotent beings is not possible , unless they coexist in harmony . 
  following that idea , is very likely that at some point in time an omnipotent being will create another omnipotent being , maybe out of boredom or just because it can , or curiosity . 
  since it is unlikely for them to coexist in harmony until the end of time , they will cancel eachother out rather quickly . 
  yes of course . 
  once you create a rock which you can not lift , you use the status of omnipotent . 
  you can do everything , except for lifting that exact rock . 
  just because it 's not omnipotent anymore for creating a rock too heavy to lift doesnt mean you ca n't do everything else . 
  by creating the rock you lose the status of omnipotency , because you ca n't do everything anymore . 
  you can do everything except lifting that rock . 
  exactly . 
  omnipotence is not a `` power '' . 
  it 's a definition , a name , a status . 
  a being able to do everything and anything is omnipotent . 
  can do anything and everything apart from lifting that rock ? 
  you are not omnipotent . 
  i agree , except with the first paragraph of your statement . 
  omnipotence is only a status . 
  once you can not lift that rock , you can not do everything and anything anymore . 
  so you are not omnipotent . 
  but then again , you can do anything and everything else than lifting that rock . 
  so you can grant yourself the ability to lift that rock back again . 
  yes . 
  by granting itself the ability to lift the rock that is too heavy for it to lift it . 
  such a being could definitly renounce enough powers and getting to a point in which it is stuck . 
  mythology , religions , have stories of the all mighty being becoming a mortal . 
  since the being is omnipotent it can do things to itself as well . 
  so if it wants to become a mortal human being , it can , and also giving up to all the knowledge as well , not only the abilities . 
  and yes , my statement was available only in the context of linear time . 
  if we take the context of non-linear time , we assume that all that has happened , all that is happening and all that will happen is taking place at the same coordinate of time , which is also the only coordinate of time . 
  that means that the being is not omnipotent , since it can not lift the rock . 
  it also means that the being is omnipotent , since it can give itself the ability to lift the rock , and lift it . 
  at the same coordinate in time . 
  the being is both omnipotent and not omnipotent . 
  omniscient means all knowing . 
  omniscient is all knowing . 
  even though , all powerful would imply that you 'd have the power to implant the knowledge of how to be / become all knowing into yourself , just as being omniscient would imply that you 'd have the knowledge of how to become all powerful . 
  edit : typo, 
  neither op or i were reffering to god . . just about a hypothetical omnipotent being . 
  interesting . 
  so the ultimate test for a supposedly omnipotent being would be to ask it to make itself completely not omnipotent , without and possible way of becoming omnipotent again , without any knowledge which would help it to rebound to what it was , and after that to become omnipotent again . 
  i actually read `` thank you for the fucking gold '' . 
  but he would be the only immortal . . 
  so it would be the man from earth ... 
   art . 
  i loved the ending !, 
  he did n't kill him in self defense or something like that , like i 'd expect from an american tv show . 
  it was brutal , hands on and cold . 
  he watched him in the eyes and made him feel sorry and beg for his life . 
  jane went through with his promise of killing red john as he was suppsed to . 
  12 monkeys was also very good , but there he was a bit the bruce willis we know as well , with a mix of crazy and theatrical . 
  [ minecraft ?
