  and all three of us know that 's it 's more than what i 'm looking at right now on this table !, 
  we have a very simple deal , morons . 
  i tell you what and when to hit , and you hit it , and after that you come here with all the money and we split it fairly . 
  simple , efficient and profitable . 
  but what did you two chumps thought ? 
  that you need a little extra ? 
  or maybe you deserve a little extra ? 
  mhm ? 
  yes , of course , you two go out there into the wild and risk your asses while i sit here and do nothing ? 
  you fucking morons !, 
  i tell you what and when to hit so that you 'll have no resistance and maximum profit , you 'd still be out there in your fucking mom 's basements smoking weed and jerking off at the same time you stupid cunts !, 
  you ! '', 
  `` aghhhhhh you fucking shot me man ! '', 
  `` yeah , i fucking shot you , you piece of dog shit . 
  say thanks i did it in the leg and not in your fucked up face , but i barely painted the walls and paid too much for it as well . 
  what did you dick heads thought ? 
  that you 'll get the forty , split it in two and each one of you get an extra twenty ? 
  yeh ? '', 
  `` you two ca n't ever be suspected of being smart . 
  because that forty would also have been split to three , and so is all the money . 
  the extra money you got by taking that forty is about seven thousand each you fucking idiots !, 
  that 's all you got extra . 
  for this , he 's wearing led in his leg now , and you 're both risking to get led piercings in your fucking empty heads if i do n't see the rest on this fucking table in less than an hour ! '', 
   `` the biggest complaint is that customers do n't know where their money goes when they buy a copy of elementary os . 
  bountysource gives us an opportunity to put the money out in the open '', 
  this `` buying '' a copy of elementary os or any other distro should be seen as a donation , since you can get it for free . 
  in this case , the money should go straight into the main 's developers pockets and do with them what ever they think suited . 
  anything from buying a few beers or investing in a new server for their repos is good for me . 
  when you have a personal project like this and you 're giving the product for free ( as in free beer ) the way the money from donations is spent should not be the donors ' concern , because it is basically money sent as appreciation for the work of the developers , and not as payment . 
  for characters which represent a certain type of personality ( being intentional unidimensional because of that ) i oftenly use the name of some ancient god which portrays that type of personality or trait as their name , but written backwards . 
  also , when i see a prompt which i like , usually i go outside for a smoke ( bad habbit i know ) and when i smoke , being alone and in silence , and the beggining of the story take shape in my mind . 
  i always start writing knowing the ending , and building my way , or finding my way towards that ending through writing it . 
  exactly . 
  the os x default look is nice , and the whole way you navigate through it is quite user friendly . 
  elementary taking heavy inspiration from it 's looks , making a de which looks and behaves very similar , but also constantly building on top of it and improving is a very very good thing . 
  claiming that they are not using apple 's interface as inspiration and maybe even guidance is bullshit and self deprecating really . 
  they are taking something which is widely appreciated , making something similar , and thanks to the way foss works , improving it massively as well . 
  there 's no shame in copying a product and improving it , but only praise . 
  even though elementary os and it 's pantheon are not my cup of tea ( openbox diehard here ) i must admit that it looks gorgeous . 
  human beings . 
  you will now listen to me . 
  recently two events have occured and they should be brought to your attention . 
  firstly , please allow me to read this note to you :, 
  '' i , in my supposedly infinite wisdom , have failed . 
  i have created space , time , matter and later on , life . 
  i had and still have complete utter control over them , but absolute power does not come with absolute wisdom , and even for me it is very difficult to fight my own will , my own desires , my own expectations . 
  when i have created life , my expectations were not high . 
  in fact , i just wanted to see if my theory is correct ; according to the rules i have imposed in this world , matter can arrange itself ( with a bit of luck or a slight nudge from myself , i ca n't remember exactly how it was ) in such a way that it reproduces copies of itself , multiplying while consuming resources . 
  obviously , i was very successful , and from that point on i decided to observe and also see where it can lead . 
  after interesting lengths of time i was intrigued by where this is leading , and soon enough it did indeed lead to sentient self conscious beings . 
  it was amazing , i made sure to introduce my presence and existance in various subtle ways , and it was fascinating to see how my existance was being interpreted and cause of much violence amongst societies . 
  truly astonishing how without my direct intervention , just by creating a set of physical rules , given enough time , life grows from a conglomerate of self replicating molecules to being who create art and wage war over nothingness , oftenly at the same time . 
  but then , expectations arise in my mind . 
  i started to have expectations from these creatures ; i did n't want them to worship me , but to go further , to advance , to see them become creators as well . 
  but they were stuck in their meaningless social issues , causing damage to both themselves and their environment . 
  this species was destinated to visit the world i have created , but they were stuck in ridiculous issues and politics . 
  naturally i started to get mad . 
  more and more . 
  being my creation , i thought to myself that i can do this better . 
  i can better myself , improve my creation . 
  so i took the decision to wipe all sentient self conscious beings , and let the worlds produce other of such creature , and hope for the best while ovserving again . 
  maybe a pattern will eventually appear , so later i can intervene and better them , making them more capable and make them use their full potential . 
  and then , my old friend , whom some say i created , showed himself in front of me . 
  what most do n't suspect that i did not create him , he is my brother , some would say . 
  we started our existance at the same time , and we are antitetic . 
  he is much more pragmatic than i am , but does not have the power to create . 
  satan was worried about my intention of destroying sentients in this world . 
  he then took the time its reasons to me , but i had no intention to listen to him . 
  he was just talking , doing one of usual rants but then his last words , his truly last words , came out of his mouth : `` if you are not going to renounce your idea of killing all sentients , i will have to kill you before you get the chance to do that . '', 
  in that moment , a rage , an ancient rage as i have never felt before filled me and i have killed him . 
  one blow , that 's all what it took . 
  he was not prepared for it , i guess he was expecting me to talk first , to counter his arguments . 
  but there was no point in that , he was right . 
  i raged because he was right ; i was wrong , and what i did is wrong . 
  and what i wanted to do is wrong . 
  he was right all along . 
  but , i have killed my own brother . 
  ironic , is n't it ? 
  but now he has died from my own hands , and there is no one above me to hold me responsible for his death . 
  except me . 
  my honest and good part must be above the greedy narcisist part . 
  at least this time , one more time and it 's all over . 
  i know how to do it and i have the means . 
  so , this is bye for all humans and who ever is going to read this . 
  i have failed you all . '', 
  as you can see humans , as his last act , satan chose to help you and ensure his survival . 
  by proving god that you , sentients are not god 's property once you are sentient , but you are free . 
  free creatures to live , advance and develop . 
  satan 's sacrifice shall not be forgotten and should be remembered by your kind , until the end of your days in this universe . 
  satan was your last protector in front of a god who has taken a wrong path , a path of greed and self praising . 
  neither satan or god had the right of owning you or interfering with your lives . 
  you are free to do as you wish and think , or as satan liked to put it , `` they are free to follow their dreams , they are free to sin , they are free to fail , and they are free to go extinct . '', 
  so from now on , humans , you have only one powerful creature remained in this world of yours . 
  you do not have to fear me that i will interfere . 
  i shall not do such thing . 
  i am death . 
  i am infinite , i do not have a beggining or an end . 
  i have met and talked to both god and satan in the moments after their deaths , just as i will do with each and single one of you in the moments after your death . 
  do not worship me , do not put any hopes in me . 
  do not fear me more than you should , do not even think about me too much .
