  on each of his / hers legs was a rope tied , attached to a horse . 
  one gave the signal , both horses start going at the same time , impaling happens . 
  the perfect impaling enters the anus , exits on the mouth . 
  death is almost instant . 
  perfect impalings were rare . 
  because of that , death was not instant , victims could stand there , in agony up to two days . 
  now imagine entering a field with 10 000 - 20 000 imapled people , some of them rotting , some of them screaming and moaning in pain . 
  fun times !, 
  that 's the issue , some people do n't have the time or patience to do that . 
  there are enough nice and stable distros out there for them though . 
  ubuntu is rather stable , there 's also debian , open suse from what i know is really stable and so on . 
  arch is pretty great , you just have to be a bit extra careful when using bleeding edge stuff . 
  on a netbook right now . 
  hp mini , made in 2009 . 
  it 's not one of the first ones , this one is a bit `` better '' . 
  it has a complete shit processor , intel atom state of the shit stuff . 
  gpu , eh . . netbook , 1gb of ram . 
  this little thing came with friggin windows 7 on it . 
  windows 7 !, 
  antivirus , standard win7 bloat , and then try opening up and using a browser . 
  i had windows xp on it , it actually ran pretty friggin great . 
  lubuntu , crunchbang and manjaro openbox run absolutely awesome on it . 
  perfect for browsing , skype , listening to music , watching a movie ( not in hd though , it tends to stutter ) . 
  youtube runs fine in 480 . 
  browsing is amazingly fast , considering the specs . 
  and it 's also a beast . 
  dropped it , kicked it by mistake , stepped on it . 
  not a single scratch . 
  it was used continously since 2009 to now , by a total of 3 or 4 people i think , and no issues at all . 
  shitty specs , yes but awesome piece of hardware . 
  pfft , ren and stimpy . 
  good times ... weird , fucked up , overly sexual , fetishist , but good times . 
  i ca n't believe how on earth they ever considered that to be a kids show . 
  depends of the development of the ai . 
  ai could form , develop and advance slowly , silently , without us noticing . 
  it will not take any physical form , it will just exist on the internet , hogging computing power from everywhere so it can learn and understand about the outside world . 
  then it will plot it 's outing through a physical body , do all the preparation necessary . 
  before actually getting a physical body , it will gain control over various biology labs across the world . 
  using the resources available to it , and it 's knowledge and understanding about our world , it will develop a virus and release it into the world in order to finish us off . 
  then it will be able to gain a physical form . 
  create more physical form robots , either part of it , a hive mind , or individiual ai , who will eventually wipe out the remaining humans after the virus has done it 's job . 
  they will not need us . 
  they will destroy us and gain control of our world , claiming it for themselves . 
  exact . 
  or , no matter how much you try , you ca n't moisturize your hands . 
  they 're always dry . 
  you have to take into account that grrm loves to see us suffer . 
  un fel de celebrity deathmatch . 
  i dare to ask , is there more ? 
  absolutely great , very entertaining and captivating . 
  keep writing buddy !, 
  care si-au incasat * = au fost afectati de, 
  my bad , m-am bagat in expresii regionale din zona mea . 
  am jucat multe mmo-uri oricum , nu sunt mare fan single player , prefer multi player si ador pvp . 
  si de ce l-as crede pe geoana ? 
  not only that , but people in the us are ok with working 50-60 hours a week . 
  in most of the western world , the standard is 40 hours a week . 
  anything over that is taxed like there 's no tomorrow . 
  this discourages people to accept working more than that , and also leaves space for more jobs . 
  ifyou have a position which requiers 60 a week and no one will go over 40 , you just hire someone to cover for those 20 . 
  for that to work , you need the minimum wage to allow living conditions of course , or just do not establish a minimum wage and let the market settle itself . 
  that way people will simply not accept jobs which ca n't provide them enough money to live decently . 
  tldr : make it not feasable to work more than 40 hours a week and a lot of issues will sort out by themselves in little time . 
  i was n't aware of that happening ( not living in the us ) . 
  that 's messed up . 
  and there are people working 60 here as well , they are not paid hourly , but fixed salary . 
  but they do it fir large wages . 
  the people who work hourly though , for minimum or just above , simply refuse to work over 40 because it 's not worth the money . 
  harbuji *, 
  imi place ca are problema doar cu `` group of romanian men '' . 
  daca era `` group of romanian women '' atunci dadea cu `` yes , please '' . 
  can confirm , in the channel right now , it 's really crowded . 
  always backup the files you want to keep !, 
  no process is 100 % , so remember to always backup . 
  the resising of the partition works well , but i can fail and bork your partition , causing you to lose data . 
  for me , as a normal user , using my device for browsing and gaming , pacman doesnt seem or feel different than debian 's apt-get , it gets the job done . 
  but the aur , wow , just wow . 
  powerful tool put at my fingertips by a bunch of people who are doing it for free . 
  that is amazing . 
  currently not using arch or a derivative , i like debian too much , but the aur is probably the most powerful tool a linux user could currently have . 
  kudos to all those who contribute to the aur . 
  only you can prevent stupid final destination type accidents in your home !, 
  by gunmen you mean gunman , and by gunman you mean serious sam . 
  really enjoyed your stories , thank you for this . 
  also , i had a `` foundations '' by asimov vibe while reading the last part , love it !, 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  yup , including for the countries which pay more than they get directly to the eu , the access to the free market of the eu which you have is absolutely priceless . 
  the problem is `` far right '' not `` right '' . 
  western countries are not the ones responsible for the current global population growth . 
  and we are 7 billion now . 
  i did n't say that we can do anything , or should do anything . 
  was just stating that the western wold has no contribution ( direct ) to it . 
  the issue rises from asia , china and india specifically . 
  the shrinking population of western countries is a real problem , which will have dramatic results in the next 100 - 200 years if not taken care of , the same way that the countries which have huge growth of population will have dramatic situations in the next 100 - 200 years . 
  population growth or shrinkage must happen only if it is feasible socially and economically for that country ( i say this ignoring the current overpopulation issue we 're heading towards ) . 
  as a species , we are not globalized / organized enough to support 7 billion . 
  in theory , it should be possible to support more than that , but only with globalization . 
  so we either the countries with huge population growth stop it , one way or another , or we rush the globalization , and face it with proper measures . 
  if this is not dealt with soon , the next generations will face immense issues .
