  i think he was refering more to their historical contributions towards the free / open world . 
  but yes , i agree . 
  even though rms does say true things , even when they hurt , he does it in a very very troll-like way . 
  rms obviously has his own personal interests in all this game ( not necesarily financial interests ) , so he chooses very carefully when to say something and what to say . 
  and i honestly think that , amongst many other things , trolling is one of linus ' hobbies . 
  ha ha , true . 
  yes , indeed they do n't contribute to oss , and probably rms would choke me if possible . 
  uhm ... they 're both politicians . 
  that 's what politicians do . . they uhm . . lie . 
  a lot . 
  just to get your vote . 
  well i do n't know about that , since i 'm not from the us or living in the us . 
  i was just saying something which is an accepted universal truth . 
  weird when someone is amazed that some politician actually lied . 
  this is an actual comment from the article from some times news ' website :, 
  `` science teachers should not promote ideologically driven versions of a subject . 
  these parents are right to insist that reproductive biology is not taught as fact ; equal prominence should be given to all scientific theories of human reproduction , including the stork theory and the gooseberry bush model . 
  to teach children that babies are the result of sex is to impose a narrow and materialistic view of the subject which fails to properly credit the miracle of birth to our lord jesus christ . 
  with heathen teaching like this who knows , these kids may grow up to be rapists , murderers or - surely worse !, 
  - atheists . 
  the climate film is a different matter . 
  that is clearly fiction . 
  everybody knows that global warming is a chimera erected by liberals and all we have to do to stop it is to legislate to prevent scientists using predictive modelling . 
  as soon as they stop with this modelling nonsense , the so-called `` problem '' goes away . '', 
  americans , there are people like this living in your country . 
  what the flying fuck . 
  is n't it a bit scary for you ? 
  in my country civil marriage is completely separated from religious marriage . 
  priests do n't have the right to make the paper work for a legal marriage . 
  so you make the legal marriage at a civil marriage office , sign the papers . 
  and then , if you want , you go to the church to perform the religious marriage , as a religious ritual , the two are completely separated . 
  also many couples postpone the religious marriage even for years because they either did n't have the time / money for it , or just because they are from different religions . 
  that makes the religious marriage only a ritual , with zero legal meaning , it has only spiritual meaning , it 's only for yourself . 
  that logic is flawed indeed . 
  just think about adoption . 
  no matter how good the society you live in is , foster homes are horrible places for a child to grow in . 
  there are disturbed and abused children there , with loads of issues . 
  also everyone knows that children are very mean . 
  so growing up in such an environment is bad , no matter how good that foster home is . 
  denying gay adoption is refusing children with issues who are growing up in a rather nasty environment to have an extra chance of getting in a loving and caring family environment . 
  also , there are many children who are n't raised in a traditional mother / father environment . 
  many are raised by single parents . 
  as a single parent it 's hard to take care of children , financially and emotionally . 
  and the children turn up well if the single parent does the job properly . 
  following the logic that a child should be brought up by a traditional mother / father family , then single parents should n't be allowed to raise their children . 
  also all foster homes should be closed . 
  the logic is utterly retarded . 
  it was before my time . 
  i live in romania , an ex communist country . 
  as you know , communism is proeminently atheist . 
  so i 'm pretty sure that it was separated during communism , and after communism went down , in 1989 , this way or marriage simply naturally stuck . 
  the church here did n't make a fuss because they were probably simply happy because they were allowed to expand . 
  during communism the church , even though it was allowed to exist , was strictly controlled and kept in a short leash . 
  i never heard the church trying to get involved more in the marriage system here though . 
  there 's also the separation of religion and state , but still the church is trying to get involved in the laws lately , more and more in the past months . 
  apparently no one is paying attention to them , not yet at least . 
  i do have to say that gay marriage is not possible here now . 
  it 'll take us some time to get there though . 
  thank you for that . 
  i was saying that following the logic that all `` correct '' families are supposed to be formed out of a man and a woman , then foster homes and single parents should n't be allowed to have children in their care . 
  just pointing out the flaw in that logic . 
  and no matter how good a foster home or foster system is , it 'll always be flawed , because a child 's development needs a lot of genuine love and attention to be effective and correct . 
  so in terms of foster homes , all we can do is try to make them better and better , equip them with the best human beings as possible , but they 'll always be flawed because of how the nature of children interaction is . 
  of course many ppl come out just fine out of foster homes . 
  and foster homes are also a good thing , it 's better than being on the street or in a disfunctional family environment in which you are subject of abuse . 
  it 's just that foster homes are far from perfect and there 's still much much room for improvement . 
  technically there could be a perfect foster system , but neither the financial resources or human resources are possible to achieve . 
  so foster homes should just improve constantly so that they get closer and closer to ideal places in which children can develop . 
  slow day indeed . 
  this looks like it 's straight from the benny hill show . 
  just watched it . 
  absolutely amazing . 
  fun stuff . 
  thank you sam . 
  at every website i visit apart from google and facebook , there 's ktbt.ru present . 
  what on earth is ktbt.ru ? 
  why is it so present ? 
  [ this is epic ] ( http://www.conservapedia.com/e%3dmc%c2%b2 ) . 
  most probably a troll though . 
  perfect example of how running a business and being any kind of extremist actually makes you lose profit . 
  by being racist , xenophobic , homophobic and so on , you actually deny yourself service of people who could earn more money than the ones you choose to hire . 
  you deny yourself money and literally sending that money to your comeptitors . 
  absolutely insane . 
  wanted to say that as well . 
  here there are people who get the chance of a new normal life after being in surgery for 20 hours with 5 doctors operating , top doctors from this country and some of the best in europe . 
  after they wake up , `` thank you god '' , `` thank you lor jesus '' and so on . 
  well go fuck yourself please . 
  those guys spend their entire proffessional lives saving people and trying to learn new methods to save people and you thank jeebus . 
  others say that god guided the doctors , guided their hands , worked through the doctors . 
  not 30 years of experience and 5000 surgeries . 
  it was god , of course . 
  there 's a post right now on tech which has a picture of galactic dust being sucked in a black hole . . 
  absolutely awesome . 
  also . . dem socks !, 
  in orthodoxy bibles have authors . 
  high priests of the orthodox church , and it is stated that it was written under the direct inspiration of the holy spirit . 
  also the bible gets revamped now and then so that it wo n't contradict ( too much ) with modern society and the laws of the country . 
  also they state that it was written at first by all the dudes ( matthew , luke , john and so on ) under the inspiration of the holy spirit ; being written by humans , it is imperfect . 
  priests wo n't encourage you to take bible literally , most of them say that it is a guide of rules , laws and examples which show you how to live your life like a good christian and person . 
  still , there are people here who still take the bible pretty literally , but not that many .
