  she said that they should die . 
  i do n't know about the laws in the us , but in my country it 's the difference between just a statement with no legal repercursions , just freedom of speech ( the should die ) and between inciting to violence ( they should be put to death ) which can get pretty bad . 
  criminal record , and if some people actually act on your incitements , then prison . 
  you knuw nuthin jun snu . 
  ftfy, 
  nic cage should be in that play , playing all the characters . 
  also cats . 
  many cats . 
  you guys seem the kind who meditate in lotus sitting on the nuke lanching button . 
  exactly . 
  that huge body of his demands lots of food . 
  if you know any taller and fit guys , or just tall and average / normal fitness , you 'll notice that they seem to eat huge amounts of food . 
  just being tall requires a higher amount of energy . 
  that and being fairly active . 
  i have a slim / athletic appeareance . 
  am tall and i can eat how much i want , when i want . 
  am not gaining any weight . 
  also metabolism and age matter a lot as well . 
  as you grow older , you 'll see that gaining weight becomes much more easy . 
  bor e un partid in sine . 
  throw crunchbang linux a look . 
  stable as stable gets , one of the fastest distros around , and best community i 've encountered in the linux distro world . 
  but only a simple compositor , so effects are close to zero . 
  also it 's openbox , which is n't everyone 's cup of tea . 
  but if you like it , configuring to your liking will teach you the basics of linux system and how text file config files work , which is a plus considering that you want to start learning . 
  also there is netrunner , a gorgeous kde ubuntu based distro , but i do n't know how fast it 'll go on your system . 
  there also linux lite , which looks great and is fast . 
  it still is , technically . 
  but compatibility with debian packages was lost long ago . 
  debian based distros still have full compatibility with debian packages . 
  i was refering in more absolute terms because the `` debian based '' distros have full comatibility . 
  also trying to use an ubuntu package in debian nowadays is almost impossible . 
  none worked for me so far . 
  but i have n't tried too many either . 
  good example . 
  but debian unstable has n't floated away the debian main ideas and added bloat . 
  i 'm not a buntu hater , but that 's what ubuntu has been doing in the past 2 years or so sadly . 
  but the fact that ubuntu is n't fully compatible with debian is n't a bad thing . 
  just an observation . 
  they went their own way , altering the packages to fit their ideas . 
  from what i know linux mint ( except from the debian edition of course ) has it 's packages fully compatible with ubuntu . 
  the debian edition has it 's packages fully compatible with debian of course . 
  and it also has some additions from the ubuntu world which have been adapted to debian . 
  it 's pretty awesome actually . 
  s-au dus la vale destul de nasol in ultima vreme . 
  si mai e o chestie :, 
   the fair labor standards act requires a minimum wage of $ 2.13 for tipped workers with the expectation that wages plus tips total $ 7.25 per hour . 
  the employer must pay the difference if total income does not add up to $ 7.25 per hour . 
  m-am lamurit exact care e buba la ei cu 650 - 700 $ . 
  au un part time , si intre timp cauta un full time sau inca un part time . 
  the voice acting is absolutely spectacular . 
  and this is voice acting for a minecraft map . 
  amazing !, 
  try telling them that you have ulcer and smoking / drinking would get you in a hospital , but accept their invitation and have a smoothie or a glass of water instead . 
  bring your own when invited to someone for some `` face '' time . 
  or just ask some water . 
  gather the guys and let 's go already !, 
  ** and ** wo n't *, 
  ftfy, 
  it 's basically a competition of who sucks more . 
  and they are dead serious about it . 
  do you remember catching a cold or something ? 
  or was the temperature much different out than in at that time ? 
  sometimes you get this feeling when you are getting a cold , or getting sick . 
  your brain can send that feeling to your conscious self as a message to get inside and take care of yourself , because you are getting sick . 
  do n't compromise it . 
  linux distros are def awesome and useful , but if you are a pc gamer , do n't compromise it . 
  you 're a gamer , which means you switch games quite a lot as well . 
  when you 'll play a game which has a native linux client , or runs excellent under wine , use linux , when that 's not the case , run windows . 
  just keep the dual boot up and running and be sure to update both windows and ubuntu once a week at least and you 're all good . 
  it 's not a hassle and you get best out of both worlds as a gamer . 
  do n't be distressed because of having to dual boot . 
  you know very well that gamers have mood swings when it comes to gaming , and there 'll be times when you 'll want to fiddle with setting up and testing linux software instead of some hard core gaming . 
  it 's more of a licensing thing . 
  defense of the ancients is licenced by blizzard . 
  dota 2 is valve 's game . 
  nu se pot compara . 
  dar extrem de eficienta . 
  time is an issue indeed . 
  but the actual setup of a dual boot with ubuntu is ridiculously fast , so you should be ok with that one . 
  good luck with the drivers too . 
  i have no idea in which state those are nowadays . 
  will should send him to snoop 's rap training camp . 
  thanks for clearing it up . 
  interesting stuff . 
  and i guess the franchise was worth fighting for for all parties involved . 
  also debian -_-, 
  you also need to add love . 
  every day is a bad hair day !, 
  snoop has a vast experience with being amongst the white people . 
  more like changes and bugs though . 
  then download and print a job . 
  un tip care a fost animator la ed , edd and eddy a fost impuscat in public de catre un politist canadian . 
  la asta ma refeream si eu . 
  nice try microsoft employee . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  given the kind and amount of data the nsa has now , you wo n't have any kind of anti nsa man / woman to elect for a long time from now on . 
  the nsa is not hogging on information to keep the people safe . 
  the nsa is hogging on information just because they can . 
  information = power .
