  during your training , you excelled at sociology and mass social studies . 
  that 's why you are here , we need that expertize !, 
  we need accurate sociologic evaluations even this early on . '', 
  the now aggravated muurainian keeps scrolling and reading , keens standing there , embarassed and completely blocked . 
  `` oh there you go , something useful at last . 
  they greeted you with fear and mistrust , but gaining their admiration was quick and eventless . 
  they tend to be aggressive , and the group you have encountered was neighbouring a cannibalistic group . 
  yeah , that happens here and there when you are dealing with such a primitive species . 
  nothing abnormal . 
  you have encountered a bright individual , curious about what you have presented them and willing to learn more . . good , that is excellent , curiosity about technological means and willingness to learn as opposed to fear and veneration is what we are looking for . 
  yeah yeah ... good . 
  they kill their old and sick individuals . 
  is that a common occurence ? '', 
  `` yes , it is how they deal with those categories of individuals in their society . 
  from what i understand it is part of their instinct , and it keeps them moving forward , socially and territorially wuite fast . '', 
  `` oh that is not good keens , not good for them , not good at all . 
  listen here . 
  next week , you will go to them and present and teach them the wheel . 
  until the second stage . 
  as in it 's use for transport and for crude and basic grinding devices , for grinding seeds , you know very well what i 'm talking about . 
  while you are doing that , i will have to send your report , after i revise and cut out all of the useless info of course , to the hcra . 
  they need to know about this civilisation , standard procedure . '', 
  `` why does the hostile civilisations removing agency has to know about them , since they are so primitive that they are barely hostile to their local predators ? '', 
  `` well , if the lack of empathy towards their sick or old individuals is indeed instinctive , and not socially imposed , then we are dealing with a rather violent civilisation , which with our help will move forward extremely fast , possibly becoming a threat as soon as they have the means to be so . 
  the hcra will send their agents to evaluate this situation , and establish if it is instinctual or social . 
  after you teach them the wheel , there will be no more contact with this civilisation for a couple of thousand years , and they will be only remotely studied in order to evaluate their nature and to decide if removal is necessary or not . 
  so be sure to say your goodbyes , farewells and so on when you leave the planet the next time . 
  and standard procedure . 
  announce them that you will return to save them . '', 
  `` but they may have other traits which may overcome the lack of empathy , making them more useful to us . 
  was n't there a similar situation with us humans as well ? '', 
  `` oh yes , but humans do have empathy . 
  your race is both the most empathic and most violent in the alliance . 
  also , you guys are really smart , and know better than not to bite more than you can chew . 
  and your relatively short life spans makes you be extremely efficient and fast when it comes to advancements , because of your willingness and desire to learn , contribute and to remain known in history . 
  them on the other hand , all we know is that they have a severe empathic issue . 
  so there is much more study to be done regarding them , but that will be hcra 's job , not ours . '', 
  when i am to leave again ? '', 
  `` one week from now , go get some rest and i 'll get started to correcting and formatting your report so i can send it to hcra without making a fool of myself . '', 
  `` yes aanthor\u00f3s . '', 
  i posted the second part as well . 
  hope you 'll enjoy it . 
  dar in baza se mananca super bine , mancare gatita in mare parte . 
  du-te la un centru de reparatii it si plateste pt un diagnostic . 
  i 'm from romania , currently in dublin , ireland . 
  male, 
  few months ago , when i discovered this sub . 
  always wanted to try it , and this sub was the perfect way for me to get started . 
  i use libre office occasionally , to help with my spelling when i 'm feeling tired ( i 'm not a native english speaker ) , but usually i just type into the browser . 
  41 wpm . 
  i was surprised , was expecting less . 
  cheers buddies and buddettes !, 
  they 're quite fun indeed . 
  this is awesome . 
  wanted to say something very similar . 
  good work !, 
  conors returned exactly when he was scheduled , five minutes after his departure . 
  as he opened the door to the time chamber , we noticed that he seemed exhausted shaken . 
  he slams the door open , falls to his knees and starts crying uncontrollably pulling his hair and slapping the floor . 
  `` check his time watch . '', 
  `` he went 211 years forward , as he was supposed to . 
  and there 's another entry . 
  214 years forward . 
  why would he go then unassinged ? 
  something must have happened to force him break protocol . 
  he knows better than anyone how important that is , he wrote the thing ! '', 
  what happened ? 
  you 're back in the present now , it 's okay , you 're safe ! '', 
  `` sheesh , you 're always that bad with people john ? 
  bring him a glass of water and a chair , he 's obviously in shock , he needs a little to regain control . 
  bring him a chair too . 
  and start downloading the log data from the time watch . '', 
  as he started to shiver , he lifts his head and sees the familiar white lab room , his colleagues , and a hand holding a tall glass of water stretching in his direction . 
  he grabs the glass , drinks , which makes the crying stop and calms his shivers . 
  then he feels a chair being pushed gently under him , he sits on it , relaxing his body and slowly picking up pieces of his thoughts , arraging them and making some sense out of them . 
  mary looks at john , visibly worried . 
  `` okay , john , what do the logs say ? '', 
  `` he spent 3 months in 2886 , and after that he simply went to 2889 , did n't leave any kind of notes whatsoever . 
  and he spent 6 months in 2889 . 
  he was n't supposed to go then at all . 
  just spend 5 months in 2886 , and do the experiments which he was supposed to . '', 
  conors leans forward , resting his elbows on his knees , grabbing the back of his head with both hands . 
  he yelled savagely , barely intelligible . 
  as he leaned forward , mary noticed what seemed to be an electrical device right under his skin , on the back of his neck , next to the spine . 
  on the right of the device there was a number tattooed . 
  i have balance issues , why on earth is the police in the us still using that kind of test instead of a breathalyzer like all sane countries do ? 
  make me stand up straight and close my eyes and i simply fall , because i lose all sense of balance when i do n't have any visual input to adjust my position . 
  edit : huh , it 's my cake day . 
  this is priceless :d, 
  still fun . 
  it 's always the ancients , man . 
  photoshop poate ? 
  samurai jack is probably the most artistic western cartoon ever made . 
  the shots , and the sounds were simply amazing . 
  also , as a young child , around 12 , taught me about acceptance for diversity . 
  he encounters all kinds of beings , colourful , excentric and oftenly not human . 
  he always accepts their ways even though it might be weird for him , and he never judges . 
  samurai jack is much more than an atypical macho hero , he is also a good role model for young people . 
  yes , that was shown in the first or first two episodes . 
  and it 's not supposed to be realistic , it 's just beautiful fantasy .
