  ] ( http://theblacksea.eu/res/uploads/images/article3/transilvanya39.jpg ), 
  true . 
  technically ( i think ) it is a legal move in rugby to do a slide tackle attacking your opponent 's legs . 
  but because of how rugby is played , it would be suicidal . 
  in rugby , as long as the opponent has the ball , everything below the neck is fair game , as long as you are attacking from a correct position . 
  but using your legs instead of your arms is simply not practical and suicidal in some cases . 
  also rugby players are specifically trained to deal with rough impacts , while football players are trained to avoid them . 
  that 's why impacts lead to injuries much more often in football . 
  rugby players seem to withstand impacts which would seriously injure or even kill an average person . 
  am cautat pe [ dexonline ] ( http://dexonline.ro/definitie/complect ) si m-a bagat si mai tare in ceata . 
  read the bible cover to cover , paying attention to what it says , and the details . 
  read it not as a holy book , but just as any other book , as a historical book if you wish . 
  after the `` si . '', 
  i was laughing wayyy too loud . 
  the setup for that line was very well crafted . 
  name of the openbox theme please ? 
  amazing game . 
  nici eu n-am talent . 
  thank you !, 
  impressive amounts of void . 
  it 's from [ do n't be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116126/?ref_=fn_tt_tt_21 ) if anyone is wondering . 
  i do n't find it as a terrible truth . 
  am sure it happens in all countries which have homeless people and at least a semi-decent prison system . 
  in romania homeless people know exactly which crime to commit so that they 'll stay in prison only for the winter period . 
  best way of grounding . 
  there are shelters , but not in tha smaller towns or rural areas . 
  also some homeless people see shelters as too prohibitive , as in shelteres have strict rules about curviews and hygiene , while romanian prisons care less about those . 
  also many homeless ppl are alcoholics , display behavior which would not be tolerated in a shelter . 
  and they probably already did some shit you never found out about . 
  so it 's barely preemptive . 
  it 's actually cathing up . 
  true . 
  imagine someone refusing to watch samurai jack because it 's a cartoon made for children . 
  make a website related to your content from the twitter account , where you exapnd the tweets to more than the word count , making little stories even . 
  add up to a decent number of daily visitors , start making some ( not soo many ) and from there you could end up with t-shirts and mugs . 
  there 's quite an amount of work involved in this , but totally worth it if it all works out and you have good ideas . 
  and you have the advantage of already having a community built around this . 
  are you serious ? 
  not even emergency care is free in the us ? 
  i live in romania . 
  here it is technically is free , but because of the corruption issues you have to bribe almost everyone in the medical system , except with emergencies . 
  that is somewhat separate , because a doctor decided to redo it some time ago , when it was a complete mess , now it 's actually a very good system and of course free . 
  you are deducted taxes from your earnings which go to the healthcare system . 
  if you do n't have an income , it 's still free . 
  again , technically . 
  the medical system here is pretty fucked up , apart from the emergency system . 
  but the idea of having a bill coming to your home after you had a medical emergency is pretty fucked up . 
  when i had a medical issue i went through the system , got well and i found out how much all that costed the hospital only because they sued the guy who hurt me for the money . 
  even though it is free for the one who needs the health care , they sued the one responsible for the injury and asked him for the costs . 
  it was a total of almost $ 3000 . 
  interesting stuff !, 
  is it technically possible for the manjaro devs to freeze a package when they have it at a stable / secure level , until they properly test and be sure that a newer version is stable and secure enough ? 
  that would be preffered than to push forward the package straight from the arch repositories and call it stable just because it 's a month behind the arch current one . 
  merge in iceweasel , care e firefox rebranduit . 
  ^ this !, 
  [ smooth . 
  well he was a prophet . . 
  i do n't know if angels can bring back a human after being smitten by an angel . 
  it looks pretty permanent . 
  i kept waiting for death to pop up and tell gadriel that the prophet is a no-no , bring kevin back to life and tell gadriel to gtfo of the premises . 
  but that did n't happen . . 
  fara faino\u015fag ? 
  thx 1138, 
  the man from earth, 
  last one is not much of a mindfuck , but a very enjoyable and unique movie . 
  one of the best sci-fi 's ever made in my opinion . 
  he also has the voice . 
  in this case there is corruption . 
  we 're talking about romania here . 
  corruption is the most abundent problem here . 
  companies like chevron buy our politicians in order to ensure their interest . 
  and of course there is no solid evidence to prove that they bought everyone simply because they have bought everyone who matters . 
  the woman goes in hell . 
  [ bella ciao ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyma84-mowi ), 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoyjtsumbro ), 
  would that summon a black albino ? 
  well what you pointed out is true . 
  more so for lol . 
  even though i like the game , the strict and fixed meta of the roles drove me away completely . 
  and i was playing only normal games . 
  even there , not following the meta would almost always guarantee defeat . 
  that 's why i 'm looking forward to strife , which the devs claim there wo n't be a toxicity issue ( chatting is non existant ) and there wo n't be a meta . 
  so i 'll give that a try , since i actually enjoy the moba genre . 
  and about the `` high caliber taste '' . 
  that is completely subjective . 
  i personally do n't enjoy playing single player games at all . 
  i think the only single player game i enjoy is minecraft . 
  otherwise , i need some human interaction in my gaming , so i go for mmo 's . 
  this is gold . 
  i 've had a similar idea some time ago . 
  wakes up in a desert area , close to a gas station . 
  no memory of this location . 
  enters the gas station , but the people there greet him only with fear and horror . 
  they start to get aggressive and he runs out . 
  near the gas station there is a car . 
  gets in . 
  starts the car , drives away as fast as he can . 
  in the rear view mirror , he sees the gas station clerk running after the car with a shotgun in his hand and screaming . 
  then he takes a look at his face in the rear view mirror , for the first time after he has lost his memory . 
  his eyes are big , dark green , almost black .
