  nu ma refeream strict la prostitutie . 
  daca toaleta nu era unisex , ele is alea perverse ca erau in toaleta barbatilor . 
  in avans . 
  comparing china 's politics with us politics is not at all relevant . 
  althoug us 's politics are messed up now , china is a communist country . 
  politics as you understand it in a democracy are almost non-existant . 
  communism is centralized , everything being decided by the central party . 
  if there are elections , they are just for show . 
  the central party decides who gets the leadership positions . 
  they are not elected via democratic vote . 
  that 's why i said that comparing the two systems is not relevant . 
  in democracy , politicians are after people 's votes . 
  in communism , the central party chooses who gets what and the interests vary a lot . 
  the risk of falling behind for the us is huge . 
  comparing the results is ok i guess , but the chinese results are pretty biased because oftenly they are pumped but the chinese government ; of course , there are obvious huge realisations which can not be denied . 
  but in the case of china , the results are not an excuse for the means . 
  it works both ways !, 
  / mdcringe ? 
  let 's keep it civil . 
  the pinnacle of a sentient species ' evolution would be each individual of said species having the ability to destroy the universe with a single thought , the greatness of the species being no individual ever having that thought . 
  johnny depp . 
  somewhere in between there 's linus flipping nvidia . 
  dar alternativa nu e acceptabila . 
  in ortodoxia romaneasca e pay to win . 
  pay to win , caca-m-as pe ei devi si publisheri . 
  ^ ^ / r/outside, 
  about the regional self-determination , i assume you 're talking about something similar to federalization . 
  that is not possible to current romanian constitution , romania is more centralized now . 
  about territorial autonomy , it 's all weird to me . 
  i am romanian , but had little contact with hungarian ethnics . 
  it just does n't make sense that two of the poorest counties in romania to become independent . 
  and it 's not like they have less rights . 
  they are romanian citizens just like everyone else , have the same rights as everyone else and have the possibility to be educated in their native language if they choose so . 
  even if they unite with hungary , they 'd still be isolated in central romania and i do n't know how much hungary wants to add up two poor counties and make them grow . 
  it just seems odd to me and sounds like political manipulation more than anything . 
  you can be independent without driving . 
  public transport . 
  but if you are not well / fit enough to walk to a bus station , then you are n't well / fit enough to drive . 
  as we grow older , our senses and reflexes get worse . 
  driving is not a right , is a priviledge which you gain after passing some tests . 
  if you are not able to pass those tests anymore , you should n't be driving . 
   the result is that , like sound waves that build upon one other , the atom 's oscillation between the two ends of the cone `` gets accumulated , and becomes stronger and stronger , '' which can be harnessed , ro\u00dfnagel says . 
  possibly dumb question : how does one harvests mechanical energy produced by a single moving atom ? 
  in many countries priests / religious leaders do only the religious / spiritual ceremony . 
  the actual legal marriage part is done only civil servants or officials ( such as your local mayor ) and the paperwork is done by a civil servant . 
  priests / religion have absolutely zero involvement in the legal part of a marriage . 
  interesting stuff . 
  where i live , this kind of intervention is standard , mostly when dealing with potentially violent people but even in these kind of cases , of credit card theft . 
  the difference is that the police actually records the whole thing with a camera . 
  the footage is later used in trial as proof , if they find what they 're looking for of course . 
  this way you can be sure that they make the intervention correctly and that they do n't plant evidence . 
  but yes , the intervention is quite brutal . 
  armed and armored police officers , breaking the door with a ram and screamin `` police !, 
  until everyone is accounted for and down . 
  another difference is that where i live owning a gun is not legal . 
  so if they see you with a gun , you ca n't really call it self defense since it 's not legal to have that in the first place . 
  and mistakes were made here as well . 
  they got the wrong door few times . 
  and since everything is filmed and , according to the case , if it doesnt harm the case they make the footage public , this leads to some hilarious youtube videos with the police breaking the wrong door at 4 am . 
  i just wish that in one of these creationism debates they just invite linus torvalds to be part of the audience . 
  and have him sit through the whole thing . 
  romania, 
  do not touch people when interacting with them , apart from the handshake . 
  if you need to draw someone 's attention and he / she does n't respond to any sound stimuli , touch that person very lightly on the shoulder or arm . 
  take your hat off when entering someone 's home , also take off your shoes . 
  run md5sum check just to be sure . 
  if you have access to a working linux machine , put the iso on the usb using dd . 
  crunchbang and usb instalation is known to cause problems when you use anything else than dd . 
  if you do n't have a working linux machine , try using a dvd to install it . 
  i do n't think any people eat haggis anymore . 
  si la mine e pe plus . 
  moldova can not into master race :(, 
  era ... 
  is the code identical for everyone who completes the survey ? 
  pul\u0103 . 
  was n't it spanish ? 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_number_of_native_speakers ) . 
  french is the 18th , spanish the second . 
  this is by native speakers . 
  that is by speakers , the list i provided is by native speakers . 
  some of the countries in africa have as an official language english , and it is widely used , but have some african language as a native language , english being used as an universal language to avoid confusion . 
  that 's why there are different listings of the most used languages , you have to take into account if it 's native speakers or not . 
  that being said , mandarin will always be the first , by a large margin , and second and third go to english and spanish , according to what you take into account . 
  then there are hindi and arabic , which are also widely used . 
  said from oz . 
  and most characters from oz actually , that show emphasized character development . 
  the cold moist dirt under my feet was spreading shivers up my legs and up my spine . 
  i kept walking , keeping up a fast pace , fearful . 
  it was dark , the air felt cold and moist ; the smell of leaves , trees and decomposing leaves was constantly flooding my nose , but it was giving me some unexpected confort . 
  despite the fact that it was almost pitch black , that smell reminded me of some parts of my childhood , thus giving me a clue about my position . 
  a not very dense forest . 
  i oftenly felt the thick roots of some old trees under my bare feet as i were walking , but rarely bumped against any trees . 
  the ones i did encounter were rough , wrinkled , immense and old . 
  but everything was so silent . 
  i was in a forest . 
  no animals , no birds , not even wind making the leaves touch against one another . 
  just my footsteps . 
  by bare feet stepping on the cold dirt and decomposing leaves . 
  sometimes slipping on a root , or snapping a twig , always making my heart stop for a split second . 
  and the screech .
