  in dublin now . 
  i have a nasty cold , but it 's pretty awesome . 
  but be warned , weather is complete shit in ireland . 
  everything else is pretty damn awesome though . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  so it 's iele , strigoi and moroi for the urban population ? 
  those are actually the stages that mayors go through starting from the campaign and towards the end of their city hall staying . 
  i kinda missed that one . 
  we 're all converted now . . 
  that hallway has always had a sterile feel to keens . 
  this time though , he failed to notice that once again . 
  he was too excited ; his first assignment after 4 intense years of training . 
  psychology , liguistics , sociology , biology and many others , including physical preparation . 
  on his graduation day , he was feeling depleted , utterly exhausted . 
  now then , two weeks later , on the day of his first assignment , he was feeling better than ever , he was a new man , he was an agent of gice ( galactic inter cultural exchange ) . 
  as he steps in to the office , he was greeted by a faint neon light and his direct superior bent forward a display desk , apparently reading a mission report . 
  you 're the new one , right ? 
  human ? 
  welcome aboard !, 
  and great , we need more of you guys here , it starts to get boring when you have to deal with xee\u00f3ns all day long , you know ? '', 
  `` thank you sir , i received a message informing me that i was assigned a mission . 
  reporting for briefing . '', 
  `` well , keens . 
  first of all , do n't call me `` sir '' . 
  i barely qualify for what humans call `` sir '' . 
  just call me by my name , aanthor\u00f3s . 
  second of all , do n't be so stiff . 
  relax , unwind . 
  take a seat , give me a minute to finish reading this report and we 'll start with your first briefing . 
  you 've gotten an interesting one . '', 
  the muurainian scrolled through the report in a rapid manner , giving keens the impression that he was n't too interested in reading it , or maybe muuranians were fast readers ? 
  he could n't remember , this was the second muuranian he ever encountered , and the first encounter was brief and meaningless . 
  `` okay . 
  keens , keens , keens ... well . 
  you will be dealing with a first encounter . 
  the planet is antrinuus 881-992 . 
  they are in a primitive stage , basic dwellings made out of dirt , basic tools made out of plant and stone components , ... '', 
  `` any bone or other animal components used in tool crafting ? '', 
  '' , ... crude garments , not crafted ; they use indigenous plant components to cover protect their bodies from harsh weather , since the species did migrate from it 's originary point to other regions of the planet , which do not have appropiate weather for their well being , forcing them to develop tool use in order to survive and thrive . 
  they are organised in medium groups , ranging from 400 individuals to several thousands . 
  they are mostly peaceful , but conflicts do arise between groups or individuals . 
  they call themselves `` teenaa ` saa '' '', 
  aanthor\u00f3s lifts his head from above the display desk and looks at keens , closing the briefing report with a fast swipe over the desk . 
  `` know that the way they call themselves is complete bullshit , keens . 
  that word is a result of linguists watching the drone recordings , it probably sounds completely different , those idiots are always wrong . 
  now , to more important matters . 
  you will be posing as a god . 
  they are primitive , and as you know , this is the most non-invasive way to interact with them . 
  go in , do the standard tricks to prove yourself , gain their trust , give them the knowledge necessary to start moving forward more quickly technologically , but nothing fancy , just do some improvements to their tools , and slowly push them to an equality based society . '', 
  `` what about basic moral values , and techniques for processing plants into better clothing and the ability to store food items for long term ? '', 
  this will take time . 
  during your lifetime , very little will change in their society . 
  if we push too hard , they 'll end up killing one another over jealousy or greed . 
  it happened on your planet back in the day . 
  quite a few times actually . 
  those in charge back then kept assuming that you are ready and that you posses the ability to learn quickly . 
  which is true , your species is a quick learner . 
  but you guys also learn quickly how to kill one another . 
  and you can get pretty damn inventive with that . 
  a quarter of our current weapon system was developed by you guys . 
  and you 're still the new species in the galactic empire !, 
  no more `` they can learn stuff quickly '' mistakes . 
  take it easy , and with patience , in a few thousand years they 'll be here as well . 
  the mistakes which were done with your species prolounged the process with over ten thousand years . 
  let 's not make that mistake again . 
  stick to your mission and return with a full report . 
  looking forward to looking to your rookie report . 
  the first ones are always painfully and amusingly bad . '', 
  `` yes sir . 
  yes aanthor\u00f3s . '', 
  thanks for the input and for the appreciation . 
  i usually go exotic for sci fi names , this time i went a bit nutty as i was tired , and am not a native english speaker . 
  so the exotic names sound a bit different in my head , and i am too tired to read and reread them in english so that i am sure that i get the effect i desire when choosing an exotic name . 
  probably tomorrow when i will have time . 
  i have a couple of possible continuations in mind . 
  one more comedic , one more serious ( possibly dark ) . 
  wise words . . 
  one can only dream ... 
  two weeks were spent on the planet . 
  that was the standard for a first encounter , and keens played it by the book and he knew it . 
  he was back to the base now , after spending the two tiring days in decontamination and physical check up . 
  he was healthy and not infected with any foreign contaminants , except for the local cold virus for which he was vaccinated before his departure . 
  the decontamination included the removal of that virus from his system as well . 
  he was now walking once again towards aanthor\u00f3s ' office , for the post report talk . 
  feeling confident with his work and curious about the observations and advices he will get from a much more experienced agent , he walks in to the office . 
  aanthor\u00f3s was bent over the display desk , reading the report and rubbing his neck . 
  `` keens , welcome back . 
  as i was expecting , your report literally hurts . 
  i swear , the `` teachers '' which you guys have during training should try a different line of work , writing for tabloids maybe ? 
  and of course , this is your fault as well , not only the teachers ' . 
  what is this ? 
  `` the dwellings are domeshaped , made out of clay mixed with organic wooden materials '' . 
  really keens ? 
  this was the first thing we noticed when we sent drones . 
  heck , it was even mentioned in the briefing you got . 
  did you even read that ? '', 
  `` of course you did !, 
  you just wanted to fill in the report with letters and stuff . 
  we need information , precious important information , so we can determine if we continue with the help for this civilasion or if we pass the information about them to the hcra . 
  and as much as we would n't like doing that , it is the law and we shall obey it .
