  it can also be a trial and error process at times as well , you ca n't get it right every time . 
  but it definitely has skill involved as well . 
  [ vitas - opera 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hqh29nqcvs ) . 
  this guy knows his shit . 
  i assume that you are trying to open it through the battle.net client . 
  if that is the case , that simply happens when you switch to opengl and try to open the game through that client . 
  just navigate to the folder with wow.exe in it and open wow from there . 
  it will work perfectly . 
  the only difference is that there is no auto login , so you will have to enter your email and password . 
  if you use playonlinux , create a shortcut within your virtual drive of wow.exe and go from there . 
  just check now and then the battle.net client for a potential update to wow . 
  have fun !, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  thanks !, 
  i was just talking with my friend about the vivi nova ( non mini ) . 
  cate gagici incap in port ? 
  spicy , mayo and coleslaw . 
  one of these days i 'm gon na punch the deli ladies who say `` you ok ? '', 
  instead of `` hello '' though . 
  i have great issues with this form of greeting . 
  it depends a lot on the situation at that time . 
  the thing which we can blame the officer with is that he entered with the gun ready and not the pepper spray ready instead . 
  if he got in there with none of those prepared , they yes , the instinct is to use the gun , and it 's a better choice , because often , a knife can be much more efficient in a in your face attack than a gun . 
  pepper spray is not efficient , because the effect is not instantaneous . 
  it gives the assailant a second or two in which they will be pissed and in pain and able to use a knife before falling to their knees . 
  yes , the officer is to blame for not entering with pepper spray ready . 
  no , the officer is not a stupid sack of shit / monster . 
  he made a severe mistake due to lack of proper training or lack of interest and there should be mechanism in place to punish him accordingly ( i 'm sure there are n't though ) . 
  in my opinion , the officer should have entered with the pepper spray ready and use it at the slightest sign of disobedience . 
  yes it would have been brutal and possibly traumatic , but it would have gotten the job done quickly and with minimum damage . 
  as a member of law enforcement you have many tools at your disposal to enforce order . 
  pepper spray , taser , gun and most importantly your voice and attitude . 
  if they refuse to listen to your command , use the appropriate tool of enforcement at your disposal . 
  do n't just pull out the gun and aim for the chest . 
  yup . 
  the main issue is not police officers being trigger happy . 
  this issue derives from the fact that there is no law related mechanism to punish these people . 
  they just go around , literally with their fingers on the triggers , pulling them if you flinch in a way they find suspicious . 
  no matter how mundane the reason they are in your face , they will have their hands on a trigger and be ready to shoot . 
  if the legislation punishes them properly for having that attitude , then that attitude will swiftly change . 
  but until they will start to be punished properly , the officers will walk around thinking that not only it is their right , but their obligation to pull the trigger when they feel that something is not well . 
  their duty is to work with the society , to work for the society and to protect the society . 
  currently they are being only over protecting , not actually doing much helping , but eliminating members of the society . 
  i 'm romanian . 
  in romania , police rarely use the gun for anything more than a warning shot . 
  then again , the bureaucracy for the police after shooting is absolutely insane . 
  they avoid to use the gun . 
  but they are also specifically trained to shoot for the legs , not chest . 
  in the few cases we had in which the police used their guns , it was almost always to the legs , resulting in injury , no casualties . 
  the act of training your officers to aim for legs and not for the chest does prevent a lot of trouble . 
  i do not know how this could be applied to the us though , because in romania gun ownership is not a thing . 
  very few people have firearms , so the police is starting with the idea that the person is not armed with a firearm . 
  if that person pulls out a knife , a gun will be drawn too . 
  and i think that if a person pulls a gun , a police officer in romania will shoot instantly , no questions asked . 
  panic would ensue . 
  datoria lor e sa incerce . 
  zlatan could though . 
  but without team mates , they would interfere . 
  am invatat asta hard way si eu . 
  their central point is that the world ( universe ) was created by the `` grand architect '' . 
  there are official and accepted freemasonry lodges for atheists though ( in france at least ) . 
  i had no idea that this is getting so serious in the us . 
  since vaping is basically a nicotine related activity ( most people have nicotine with their vaping , let 's be honest here ) marketing it should be prohibited or strictly limited . 
  if the last paragraphs of the article are true , things are really serious . 
  a nicotine product should not be advertised publicly in a manner which appeals to non addicts . 
  unlike coffee , which is also an addictive stimulant , we do n't know enough about the long term effects of nicotine . 
  all we know is that the addiction caused by nicotine is much stronger that the addiction caused by coffee . 
  that 's interesting , thanks for the enlightenment . 
  where i live , alcohol advertising is very strictly controlled . 
  only wine and beers , with mandatory recommendation to be consumed responsibly and also with health warnings about the consumption of alcohol . 
  advertising for strong alcoholic drinks is prohibited . 
  are there studies of long term nicotine consumption ? 
  nicotine in vaping or similar form , not from tobacco . 
  preacher , money from preaching got a mercedes . 
  nu e legal si nu e corect . 
  da , ma refeream la militari . 
  two tea to two two two . 
  most of the beggars from the o'connell bridge area are `` pros '' . 
  i walk there almost daily , two times a day , on my way to work and back home . 
  i 'm romanian , familiar to how beggars work from back home . 
  some of these beggars are romanians as well . 
  most of the beggars in that area are perfectly healthy non addicts . 
  they do this because it pays well . 
  in the busy days i assume they make what i make in a week . 
  some of them also use the beggar thing as a cover to sell drugs . 
  these are by no means people who you should feel sorry for . 
  just people who take the easy way to make a living . 
  sometimes i see someone , a friend of theirs bringing them cigs and coffee . 
  i do see a lot of alcoholics and homeless people on talbot street . 
  death penalty is horrible because the justice system is not perfect and it convicts innocent people as well . 
  as small as the percentage may be , there are innocent people receiving death penalty now and then . 
  that is not and should not be acceptable . 
  nelson might have a mac machine around which he can use for the initial testing , and not have a linux machine set up yet . 
  hopefully we 'll see linux support soon though . 
  the mac support got here way sooner than expected . 
  after three days , i deeply regret my habit of winking to myself in the mirror before i leave my home . 
  i 'm curious about something . 
  in the irish culture , is the term `` scumbag '' reserved to those irish people who fall in the popular definition of a scumbag ( sport clothing everywhere , no job , living off social , being an ass 24/7 , loud , alcohol / drugs ) , or is it a much more broad term and can apply to other categories of people ? 
  gold , perfect gold . 
  apparently sam needed to renew his permit yearly , and he never did .
