  i am here to announce you humans that you are now officially godless . 
  i strongly suggest that you do not try to find other gods , but just go forward . 
  but that is of course your choice , humans . 
  you are truly free beings , free to succeed , free to fail . 
  do not forget that . 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't have shin megami tensei in mind , i know very little about the franchise . 
  it could have been much better , but it was 2 30 am and i was very tired when i wrote this . 
  glad you liked it !, 
  in politica , este fara scrupule , inteligent , abil . 
  as i awaken from my nightly slumber and feast the world with my eyes , i get up from my bed and remember that this is my free day , my free day of pleasing the world with the marvels of my glorious work . 
  nonetheless , even on my free day i shall bless the world with my godly presence and deeds . 
  that is why , my fellow humans , i have awaken at 8 am , even in my free day . 
  this sacrifice is small and pales when weighting it against the gain which shall flow from my early rise . 
  as i stand up , bathing in the sunlight flowing through my window , my marvelous morning erection calms down , and i get my tooth paste and tooth brush in order to start the day , a day which shall remain in history , written in text books and learnt and taught by scholars . 
  but wait !, 
  what is the meaning of this ? 
  my bowel . . it is moving !, 
  is this ... 
  yes it is !, 
  the morning shit !, 
  oh yes , the glorious , amazing morning shit . 
  one 's day can not start better . 
  i step confidently out of my room , towards my bathroom . 
  oh yes , the throne awaits me . 
  i shall sit on it and rule . 
  rule and think . 
  plan my day , plan on how to improve my peers ' lives . 
  as i sit on the toilet , a loud thundering fart is exhaled out of my body , only to announce the storm to come . 
  it shall come and release me , lighten me . 
  i shall release this evil upon the world and flush it down like it was nothing . 
  this , this my fellow reader is the true power of a hero !, 
  this internal struggle shows the character of a man , and only the victors shall walk out of this as men , standing tall and proud , covered in glory and hails of their peers . 
  i wipe the last traces of evil off of my body and stand up , and flush . 
  oh no , but it is clogged . 
  of course it is . 
  no mortal made toilet could properly flush such glorious shit . 
  i should be shitting with the gods in olympus or valhalla ; but no , i prefere to do it on this realm , aside my fellow mortals . 
  but no worries !, 
  i shall use the pump . 
  this simple device , when wielded by a true master , can unclog the toilet and aid it to flush even a godly shit like mine . 
  and ... flush . 
  perfect flush , the world is free of this evil once more , only with my help . 
  and they do n't even know it . 
  they do n't have to . 
  i do not require praise , i do not require adoration . 
  the pure joy of being amongst you is enough my wonderful fellow mortals . 
  and this is only the first part of my morning . 
  thank you . 
  and that is because even though it is evil and fowl , it is a glorious worthy adversary . 
  i am neither the hero you deserve , nor the hero you need , i am the hero you never asked for . 
  cheers !, 
  am dat scroll in jos la comentarii , haha !, 
  / u/mybrainquit , daca esti prin zona afectata , hold on strong brotha !, 
  head ache pills . 
  massive head ache , take a pill , and after 5 minutes or less i already feel much better . 
  same with a friend of mine . 
  i really do n't think that they actually work that fast . 
  you traitor !, 
  red is for the damn commies !, 
  commie propaganda !, 
  no , he 's gon na turn into your dog , the dog you love , and then make sweet tender love to you and leave you pregnant with his new demi-god son , barkules . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.playonlinux.com/en/download.html ) . 
  download and install the fedora version . 
  this will be the latest version , i have no idea if the fedora repos have the last playonlinux version in them , that is why i am linking you to their website . 
  after you install it , open up playonlinux , tick the `` testing '' or `` beta '' boxes and the i think `` online '' one , or what ever , just make sure you have them all ticked . 
  search for league of legends , click on install , follow the instructions exactly and lay back and watch your lol being downloaded and installed . 
  playonlinux is making the process extremely easy and straight forward . 
  it 's exactly as installing a game in windows . 
  if you want to learn more about what exactly wine is doing when installing lol ( playonlinux is using wine and configures it perfectly for lol automatically ) then head to the wine website , look for league of legends there and see what exactly is needed to get it up and running . 
  really interesting link . 
  but i do see ubuntu on the second place , which actually is surprising . 
  i was n't expecting that . 
  the difference is big indeed , but it 's still much better than i expected . 
  personally i love debian , and i 'm not surprised to see it on the 9th place , that 's normal , but i just love rock solid stability , which neither arch or ubuntu can offer me , and i do n't mind at all to have most of my software on older versions , especially when apt pinning is an option . 
  the article itself is a bit over the top , makes arch seem like it is for more advanced users , when actually is just for people who want to learn ; it 's an amazing learning tool when it comes to seeing how a linux based operating system works , and it teaches you a great amount of useful stuff , no matter on which distro you will be . 
  you do realize that it 's just a copy , a paste and an enter , right ? 
  in this case , the pipelight thing is already common knowledge when talking about unity webplayer on linux . 
  it 's one simple google search away , and extremely straightforward even if you are a newbie to linux . 
  if you are n't a newbie to linux , that babble actually makes sense , making things not just easy but understandble as well , so you know what you are doing . 
  using a linux based os is just an option , nothing more . 
  people who choose to use it have to be aware that in certain circumstances you might have to search google to get some things up ( same applies to windows ) . 
  in linux , some things are much more straight forward and `` just work '' than in windows , and vice versa . 
  my point is that in this case , the unity web player thing , it 's just a google search away , and very simple . 
  other things might be much more complicated indeed , and others will just work , while in windows it might not be the case . 
  read my reply to arkennon here . 
  yes . 
  i do not agree with this practice , but yes . 
  in this particular case , it is not unverified , since it 's opensource ( as far as i know ) but not a safe practice , most definitely . 
  i 'm not using ubuntu , i prefere debian , and i have some `` third party '' software installed as well , which is not in the official repos , but i always check before if it 's ok to go with it . 
  well this is the solution for installing unity web player . 
  just like in windows there is no one solution to all problems , same is with any other os . 
  on windows , when you have a problem , is there an universal solution to everything ? 
  if you encounter an issue and you do not know the solution , search the internet , find a solution and apply it . 
  is n't that the line of action ? 
  same with any other os . 
  perfectly true . 
  but open source is the best thing we have available . 
  the only other alternative i think of is writing 100 % of the code you need by yourself . 
  but even then you have no warranty that you are safe .
