  if any anti nsa candidates rise , they will use the information they have to stop that person . 
  very happy to see this project going forward . 
  the creator of solus , ikey always had an amazing view on how a linux distro should look and feel . 
  and them goin to pisi is an interesting move . 
  pisi is quite unique . 
  and the fact that he is porting the entire debian repository to pisi . 
  in terms of looks , yes , it is just like any other distro . 
  out of the box functionality was pretty awesome in the first version of solus though . 
  am just curious about how the pisi change will go . 
  the issue is that the system which should allow you to make your choice heard through civilised and democratic ways is engulfed too . 
  am pretty sure that currently in the us there is a really small group of people who have access to way too much information about all the citizens who use the internet . 
  of course i have zero proof , and you can call me a tinfoil hat guy and show me the door , but seeing how prism works and what it does it 's the only logical conclusion for me . 
  it appears that they either have or working towards having to means of engulfing all that info . 
  legal text doesnt appear to matter to them , and they were doing it secretely . 
  am pretty sure that all the secret services in the more advanced countries are doing something similar up to a point , and it worries me that they are gathering the means to perfectly control who rules the citizens . 
  president , prime minister , parliament , congress and so on . 
  they will have the means to control the outcome . 
  this is somewhat scary because i have no idea what is the purpose of gathering so much power . 
  i 'm not from the us , neither in the us . 
  in terms of doing something about it in my country , we still do n't know if and how this surveillence is being done . 
  in other matters , here there is a general state of apathy and when we tried doing something about it , it was proven futile . 
  i guess we are waiting to be pissed by our leaders once again . 
  until then , routine and apathy . 
  including me . 
  sigh . 
  boto\u0219ani . 
  i assume that it depends a lot on where exactly in russia they are . 
  if they are in the eastern part , their ping could actually be better on the us servers than on the european servers . 
  i 've actually met a couple of guys who were gaming from the siberia area . 
  this one guy was working at a ~ ~ meteo ~ ~ weather station somewhere in siberia . 
  he basically had nothing to do all day than to stay in and game . 
  it was just him and a dog in a shitty old house . 
  dog was outside the house most of the time , to warn in case a bear came close . 
  and the train ride from where he was to moscow was 3 days . 
  he was basically in the middle of freezing no where . 
  just told . 
  at that moment just working at a weather station . 
  but at some point he quit it and moved to moscow with his brother to search for a new job . 
  he was sick of being alone in the middle of nowhere with minimal human contact . 
  he said he 's in his 30 's , war veteran from the chechnya war , but completely retired from the military . 
  all around a really nice guy actually . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/hbmwotg ) is the only correct way . 
  real men have balls of steel for that !, 
  i use coins too though . 
  but now you know you want it . 
  just one more thing to add to the bucket list . 
  this was amazing !, 
  that is one badass name for a distro . 
  the core is the same . 
  and mini is exactly the core and just the core . 
  after the install you will face a text only session and you 'll have to install everything by hand . 
  xorg , desktop environment , software and so on . 
  basically you 'll only get the base system for you build upon it . 
  yes , i was wondering the same thing . 
  crunchy is quite a wonderful learning experience for a noob to go to the intermediate stage . 
  at least it was for me . 
  try not to use wireless when doing cash stuff online . 
  no anti keylogging machine , invented or not invented can protect you from someone who is snooping on a wireless connection . 
  if you do banking / purchases , and you want to be on the safe side , get a distro , burn a live cd or make a live usb and use the live session to do all your online cash stuff , on a direct wired connection if possible . 
  that is the safest way possible . 
  faster for sure , if you set it up with xfce or something lighter . 
  basically it 'll save you from a lot of bloat . 
  [ wallpaper . 
  ] ( http://wallbase.cc/wallpaper/2973042 ), 
  crunchbang is lighter than ubuntu . 
  and on ubuntu mini it depends what desktop environment you 'll use . 
  so if you put lxde on ubuntu mini , it should feel lighter than lubuntu , because you reduce the bloat by having only what is needed for you . 
  crunchbang uses only a window manager , openbox , alongside with some lightweight software to make it completely usable . 
  this makes crunchbang one of the lightest options around . 
  i am not familiar with ssds at all . 
  but it shouldnt run any faster , unless you manage to fill up those 12 gb you have for the system . 
  if you do fill it up , you 'll have problems . 
  about reporting the incident , sadly there 's really no reason to do that . 
  the police wo n't do shit . 
  they are underpaid , unmanned and corrupt . 
  they could n't care less about women being harassed . 
  common ? 
  i doubt it . 
  but am a man , so i ca n't really be sure about that . 
  ppl asking for your number or stuff like that in parks might be common , but ass grabbing and touching strangers in parks should n't be a common reccurence . 
  romanians apparently have an adversion for touching strangers during conversations . 
  so you might just had the bad luck of being in contact with an asshole and that 's all . 
  how are the other options shit ? 
  the only thing keeping windows with such a high userbase is the monopoly they have aquired when it comes to certain types of software . 
  office and gaming mainly . 
  developers do n't make games for linux because linux is crap and you ca n't game on it , but because the userbase is small . 
  also public institutions and many private businesses use microsoft office just because of inertia . 
  but businesses do tend to migrate to open source / free options because of the costs . 
  that 's basically what i said ... 
   developers do n't make games for linux because linux is crap . 
  i meant by that that linux is n't crap . 
  i was just saying that game devs do n't make their games for linux because of the small userbase . 
  they feel that it wo n't bring them profit . 
  mike rowe did this as well . 
  was amazing . 
  win-win !, 
  no puns intended . 
  the issue is that the president is the poster child of corruption in ro . 
  that 's probably just his way of asking his share from the mining company or he 's just trolling the prime minister / government a bit , since they 're against each other ( at least officially ) . 
  interesting video , and interesteng way of challenging the subject .
