  da really , cplm is wrong cu toti astia ? 
  holy crap , ca n't believe that you used that !, 
  thanks , i am deeply flattered and enjoy it !, 
  legitimarea mi se pare o masura preventiva buna si fara efecte negative . 
  wednesday . 
  does n't make any sense . 
  hallowed are the ori !, 
  pretty much this . 
  i 've always enjoyed holy , but this time . . it 's just too much . 
  just heal everyone of everything . 
  has a cure for everything which was ever had , and probably cures for some yet unknown diseases . 
  it 's cool , but can get old very fast . 
  disc priest is a nice challenge . 
  keeps you alert , on your toes . 
  pay attention to the mobs , to the players , to the buffs and debuffs . 
  it 's unique and new to wow and it feels amazing after you get used to it . 
  this is my life . 
  i play healer . 
  when i que for a random group , it 's always insta in , but i have to go through 2-3 times in which a dps doesnt get in , probably because they were afk , those poor souls . 
  healer life problems . 
  i was like this as well before realizing that shadow mend should be more or less my go to heal when things start to go south . 
  also know your skills , passive and active . 
  try keeping atonement on everyone who takes constant damage , and always do damage when things are going well , while having atonement up . 
  are urme de laba . 
  you 're joking , but as a romanian i appreciate the complete lack of extremes offered by the irish weather . 
  sure it 's nice to have hot summers . 
  but after a couple of weeks of over 30 celsius it really gets old . 
  then you get a week of almost 40 . 
  not fun . 
  it 's also fun to have some snow , sure . 
  but the nice part is a week or two . 
  then you got over two months of dirty muddy snow mess , minus ten , minus twenty and less sometimes and during nights . 
  irish weather , although gloomy , does have its benefits . 
  olivia steer prim ministru !, 
  poate fi un tv de la un vecin in cladire . 
  poate fi si un bazait electric de la un tv sau aparat electronic . 
  hello corn syrup !, 
  mental gymnastics . 
  oh , i did n't know yer kind can speak a real language . 
  ye should go back where you came from and go back to huntin ' critters . 
  you have no right to be here , invading our lands and trying to get what is not yours . 
  [ fair enough orc . 
  ] ( http://wowwiki.wikia.com/wiki/common_ ( language ) ), 
  hell yes !, 
  moar screenshots for the ones who are n't able to login right now !, 
  we 'll use the horde corpses as fertiliser for our crops . 
  tell that to their programmers . 
  i think you just went a downwards spiral . 
  what you want to do is to have your calculator make the operation from scratch , every time . 
  so when you do 2 + 3 , you input 2 , then + , then 3 . 
  then the result is 5 . 
  you have to store the result in the same place you store your first number input , 2 . 
  that way you just add another operator normally and redo with a new operator . 
  [ this is the code for my calculator . 
  ] ( https://github.com/robb1010/calculator/blob/master/calculator.js ), 
  [ here it is working . 
  ] ( https://robb1010.github.io/calculator/ ), 
  he called people who submit bug reports for things which are n't bugs stupid . 
  that 's horrible . 
  i understand that he probably dealing with really silly bug reports or trolling via bug reports , but players are also wrong sometimes and submit those hoping that they are helping . 
  by calling bug reporters stupid you are just discouraging people to do it , damaging the server . 
  although he does talk about interesting stuff in the video , he is an elitist douche . 
  [ cum o cheama ] ( https://youtu.be/8cwylvw-hfk ), 
  genul de om care are in vocabular expresii de genul `` marioneta pusa de ue '' , convins sa voteze pro ciolos . 
  well put . 
  at some point in my life , i realised that people will have different opinions and preferences , and that 's okay !, 
  i do n't have to understand their point of view , just accept it . 
  live and let live . 
  as long as their actions are not bothering me . 
  if their actions bother me , leave . 
  if leaving is not an option , take prompt action . 
  just how i like people being clear and straightforward to me , i will be as well about my discomfort . 
  one of the more positive aspects of aspergers is that we can be very blunt and that sarcasm or hidden insults tend to fly over our heads . 
  improves the quality of life . 
  asta e regula in rusia . 
  glad to see that you managed to work around it !, 
  at this moment it does n't seem to be working at all . 
  pressing the buttons is not doing anything . 
  there is something wrong in the javascript code i think, 
  after attempting to divide by zero , it stops me from entering 0 in any situation , even after pressing the clear button `` c '' . 
  scratch that , it is n't allowing me to insert any zero after any division . 
  aside from that , seems to be working just fine . 
  dragnea - cat\u00e2r confirmat . 
  i honestly think that the whole `` can control you into doing whatever she wats '' is just a cover-up . 
  when she spent the 5 minutes with moriarty , the only thing they would have had time for is `` moriarty , i need more freedom to put things in motion '' . 
  what makes sense for me is that moriarty bribed pretty much everyone into doing what she wanted . 
  the governor was going with mind control just because it 's less shameful than bribe , and the guy who killed himself and his family probably just refused the bribe . 
  setting it up like multiple murder followed by suicide sounds like moriarty anyways . 
  she may be manipulative and incredibly smart , there she does n't have super powers . 
  and money is the only power she needed anyways , and moriarty had plenty . 
  high functioning individual here . 
  it gets better as you get older , but still can get bad . 
  i am sensitive to loud noises , they get me tired or give me gead aches . 
  i do n't like certain types of artifial lights ( that 's not uncommon actually ) . 
  i need to be told how to do things by being specific and sescriptive . 
  this tends to annoy people around me . 
  if you say `` hey , please give me that thing over there '' i wo n't be able to guess what `` that thing '' is . 
  even if we were just talking about it a minute ago , or looking straight at it , i wo n't get it . 
  i do n't feel the need to be around people , to socialize . 
  it feels nice when it hapoens and goes well , but oftenly it wo n't go well and i 'll just start feeling overwhelmed and anxious because someone is talking too loud or sitting way too close to me .
