  also the internet is public space . 
  the things which are private are email , and private messages on various instant messaging platforms . 
  private as in other people are not allowed legally to access them . 
  they can still be hacked or tapped by various governmenta institutions . 
  making it illegal ? 
  how and why ? 
  in this case , chatroulette is a fairly public website . 
  you have to take responsability for your own actions , not pass responsabilities to the law makers . 
  if you pick your nose in a public place , and then admire your wonderful huge booger , and someone takes a pic or video of that and post it online , or email it to your friends , how should that be illegal . 
  if you do n't want it public , do n't do it in a public space . 
  it 's that easy . 
  people need to understand that many aspects of the internet as it is today , are public , especially when you are interacting with strangers . 
  i honestly do n't agree with such laws . 
  if we 're talking about blackmail or harassing it 's a completely different thing . 
  but the simple act of being an asshole should not be a punishable act as long as you do n't break any laws . 
  also a `` cyberbullying '' law might let too much room for abuse by legal trolls . 
  we must not get to a point in which protecting people from getting hurt , emotionally or physically , limits or hinders our freedom of speech . 
  you can currently attack such situations with an accuse of harrasment , if that person is persistent and very vocal about it . 
  but making a law special for it ? 
  the updates alone means that you spent quite a lot time in windows , 
  if they took those nude pictures off a public website it is debatable . 
  it could be harrasment if there is an obvious intent of harrasment . 
  but if you find naked pictures of someone you know on a public website and then post them on their facebook saying `` hey i found these , is this really you ? '', 
  is completely dumb and unthoughtfull but how could that be interpreted as harrasment ? 
  if they took those pictures from a private source , or try to use them to blackmail then it 's completely illegal . 
  walking down the street . 
  `` the streets are crowded today . 
  why is he staring at me ? 
  walk straight !, 
  confident , like i own this place , do n't be rushed , walk like i need to be somewhere soon . 
  but i do n't have anywhere to go now . 
  does n't matter , walk like i do . 
  i feel the metallic smell of blood flooding my nose . 
  do i smell like blood ? 
  can other people feel it too ? 
  no , not possible . 
  i changed and showered before i went out . 
  it must be my imagination . 
  oh , she smiled to me !, 
  smile back , confident , nod head a bit . 
  she 's cute . 
  where is the knife ? 
  i cleaned it in the sink , threw it in a trash can , two blocks back . 
  it was in paper bag . 
  also broke the lock , making it look like a break in . 
  yes , am good , no worries . 
  oh god , i miss mom already . 
  oh , i 'm here already !, 
  that was faster than i thought . '', 
  steps over the ledge . 
  you 'd love [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/merry_cemetery ) place then . 
  yes , that 's what i found weird too . 
  the successful ones are close to 30 , or in their 30 's . 
  you need to have a certain amount of experience and maturity to grasp what people want and find entertaining in order to have success in making let 's play videos . 
  blurred reflections of the past . 
  please . 
  you do n't have to do this !, 
  choose my brother instead !, 
  nope . 
  oh look , a movie in which johnny depp is an actual normal human being . 
  wait ... nope !, 
  da , perfect de acord . 
  but but ... i love reading manuals . 
  you 're not desensitized . 
  i get scared quite easily and am smiling at most of the posts . 
  [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4sigfdlonu ) . 
  that 's just your average redditor . 
  very interesting and informative . 
  and about 8 's `` app store '' if microsoft made it similar to how some linux distros ' package management gui worked , and taken the time , the manpower and financial effort to make as many pieces of software as humanly possible , after testing them for malware / viruses ( especially the more obscure ones ) people would have lost their shit on windows 8 . 
  yes . 
  even though from what i 've seen when people get over 90 they start giving absolute 0 fucks . 
  it 's like the latest stage of life , considering you get there . 
  does n't the boston bombing count as a terrorist attack ? 
  well the official point of the nsa is to counter terrorism on the territory of the us . 
  considering the amount of information the nsa is hogging , they could have prevented it . 
  also russia has warned the fbi about the older brother , told them that he is probably linked to terrorist groups and the fbi still gave him the ok to return to us teritorry . 
  also , considering that the two brothers were n't the smartest or trained people out there , it shows that the nsa is either completely impotent and incompetent when it comes to real threats , or they simply do n't care that much , go only the obvious and they 're just being efficient at what they were created for . 
  hogging information about everyone and be sure to make it available to certain people who want to find more private things about `` persons of interest '' . 
  not only that . 
  bill gates is heavily involved with charity in the 3rd world countries . 
  this would mean being able to use electricity consuming medical equipment in areas with no electricity , without the need of a gas supply and generator . 
  it would be a huge step forward for those areas . 
  can you say that louder ? 
  he could n't hear you over all the money he 's making . 
  i had no idea about that . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  i doubt that that is working on large masses of population . 
  look at all the countries which have been under communism or dictatorship at some point , and look how the communist regime ended . 
  by people 's choice , peaceful or violent revolution , not by outside force . 
  people can be very good with faking obedience when needed . 
  the population in nk is not revolting against the regime simply because of it 's large military force present , who 's members are basically bribed into obedience with food . 
  neither your average nk citizen or member of the military is happy with how things are , but they are too scared to even talk about it because they do n't know if the person whom they are talking to will blow the whistle or not . 
  all in all , you ca n't brainwash such large masses of population to such a huge extent as it appears to be . 
  not even germans in nazi germany were brainwashed , they were mostly tricked and uninformed . 
  china is a communist country . 
  it 's not uncommon for communist governments to get leverage on you if you leave the country for work . 
  that might mean that they have him say some stuff now and then , and he wo n't be called back or hurt his family . 
  also this kind of bloggers are interested only in `` products '' . 
  if they ca n't buy it , it 's just as if it does n't exist . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we3fmfttp9g ) does n't matter because they ca n't get it .
