  i must grow taller . 
  some people do n't seem to comprehend that animal testing is required in order to develop medicine and treatments . 
  we either test it on animals , or on humans . 
  also , during the tests , animals may suffer , die or are intentionally killed . 
  so testing on humans is not really a valid option . 
  currently , animals are the only things we can test on ; without testind , medical advancement will be slowed down so much that it 'll be exactly as if it stopped . 
  this guy 's channel is gold !, 
  i still play now and then on a highly populated wotlk private server . 
  still fun . 
  the joy of having 2 melee murlocs hitting you while 2 ranged ones spam smite on you like there 's not cooldown or mana consumption on it . 
  wotlk classes , and content . 
  like it was when wotlk was live on the blizz servers . 
  they have 3 wotlk servers , all with really healthy large populations . 
  only raids from wotlk and before yes , the servers are locked on wotlk . 
  so yes , when you get at end game you 'll find yourself in the position to do the same dungeons over and over again , as you would do on blizz when you get to endgame . 
  of course there are battlegrounds and arenas , i 'm more of a pvp player so the high population is awesome for that . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/billybobneck/videos ) is the `` redneck '' 's channel . 
  he 's a comedian , and damn his acting in the videos is awesome !, 
  how do you get the degree symbol play nice with conky ? 
  have fun !, 
  it 's not what `` pirates '' think . 
  many people do n't afford to pay $ 180 on 9 seasons of seinfeld . 
  but if they really want to watch it , they can get it for free via pirating . 
  so , you have the option to purchase them for 180 or to get them for free . 
  and you ca n't afford the 180 . 
  it 's not really much of a choice . 
  stopping them from getting it for free it 's impossible without gaining complete control over the internet and it 's users . 
  the industry needs to adapt themselves to how the internet works nowadays . 
  you can get the whole show for free from a somewhat shady source ? 
  okay , get the whole show for a cheap / reasonable price from us , a trusted source . 
  and they 'll also make more money than selling it for 180 , simply because people feel that it 's too expensive and wo n't but it , especially when they have a free alternative . 
  the industries must start to look at piracy and torrenting as competition , not as an enemy and adapt to that . 
  that 's what steam , gog , desura and netflix have done and they 're all earning good money from taking that approach . 
  give people a decently priced service , with easy safe accessibility and they 'll choose you over torrenting a show or a game , simply because torrenting a show / game can be rather tedious and you can always get some malware . 
  most people who pirate content are n't cheap asses , they just refuse to pay high prices which the industry impose upon them . 
  that is true . 
  but that wo n't stop the people who want it to get it for free . 
  am talking from the point of view of the content makers . 
  if they want to make more money , they need to adapt . 
  the way they are handling it now is making them less money simply because people do pirate and they will keep doing it , and there 's no way to stop them without breaking some rules . 
  it 's an issue in which the content creators do n't understand the medium of the internet good enough , or simply they do n't care about it enough because they 're still getting a lot of money . 
  people have the free alternative of pirating , and they are going to use it , legal or not . 
  content creators must take this as a hard fact , which they can not change . 
  once they do that , they 'll treat torrenting and pirating as a competitor in distributing a product . 
  it 's easy to distribute a product and ask money for it while there 's a free way of getting it and make great profit as well . 
  zgonea , the early days . 
  i pirate shows as well , because there is no way to get / watch most of them where i live . 
  i do n't think that i 'm entitled to do so , but i also do n't think that the content creators and content distributors are entitled to complain about me when they are doing a shit job ( or not interested ) at getting their product to me . 
  yes , their content is not vital for my life , so i could live without it . 
  but i have the option to get the content , for free , in 2 minutes . 
  and the creators / distributors do n't do anything to get their product to me , but they still complain . 
  also people bitch about the creator 's bitching because the industries `` affected '' by piracy are doing better than ever financially , and getting better year by year . 
  also the creators / distributors are literally stuck in the past when it comes to marketing and distributing their product . 
  they are working in a technology dominated niche , but they insist on using technology and means of distributing from the late 90 's - early 2000 's . 
  this tends to piss people because there are better ways to distribute and sell your products . 
  do n't listen to him , he 's talking shit . 
  the 90 's were less than 10 years ago . 
  80 - 90 % of lol community is crap indeed . 
  but the game itself and the gameplay are pretty damn awesome . 
  also the item shop system they have is perfectly fine with me , but i 've seen many people hating on the fact that you do n't get all the characters for free ; to each it 's own i guess . 
  overall , if your normal games elo is high , and you get reasonably high in ranked early on , you 'll have a great community . 
  if not , well , you are fucked . 
  [ addon ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cloud-to-butt-plus/apmlngnhgbnjpajelfkmabhkfapgnoai ), 
  transforms the word cloud to butt , 
  as a casual player , am not bothered by that at all . 
  i have n't bought any of the characters , do n't plan on doing so , i have about 50 now , playing on and off . 
  but if you really get into it , i imagine that buying them can be quite frustrating , especially when buying them all is friggin expensive . 
  vestibular syndrome . 
  this is usually caused by something else , and it appears as a symptome . 
  i have it and it 's here to stay , did all the tests , not caused by anything . 
  it 's not bad , but my balance is basically crap . 
  i ca n't ride anything which requires balance , bike , skates , skateboard , anything . 
  tried my ass off but i simply fall and that 's that . 
  also if i 'm in pitch black ( which does n't happen oftenly ) i have to extend my hands and feel something stable , because i simply fall . 
  if i have a steady source of light , even small , am good . 
  sometimes i lose my balance when walking , but it 's really easy to adjust , so i do n't wobble much . 
  but when walking around the house quickly hitting my shoulders against wallks , doors and such is perfectly normal for me , i simply use those to adjust my position instead of using my body weight and ankles as i usually do . 
  all in all it 's not an issue , just weird that no one was able to find the source of it . 
  there is a hidden ( permanent ) elo for normal games . 
  8 out of 10 of my normal games are with perfectly decent human beings . 
  i play only normals , casually nowadays , have over 1000 played games in normal . 
  i think he/she was reffering to the extended foundation series , which includes 7 books in total , and gives closure . 
  it kinda ended in space hippies indeed , but i loved the whole series , was n't dissapointed . 
  i am the void , i am nothingness !, 
  bow to the cold emptyness and accept it in your heart , let it fill your mind and soul and void them of emotion . 
  feel the absence of being and embrace it , merge with the void and you shall become the void itself , thus when you are nothing , you are truly perfect . 
  if george rr martin wrote this , sherlock would have been dead and burried for good and for real in season 2 and watson would live in a sewer without a leg and prostituting to have money for crack by now . 
  two days have passed since the last encounter . 
  and one month since they wiped the camp . 
  they came from the air , giving them no chance , bombed the camp , killing over 5000 men , women and children . 
  they have been surviving in that camp for almost a year , gathering resources , supplies and trying to contact other survivor groups but with no luck . 
  it took over a year for those people to gather after the virus struck , leaving only less than 1 % of the human population alive , the ones who had natural immunity to it . 
  many thought that it was a mistake from their behalf , a proof that they are not as perfect as they claimed . 
  but they did n't lingered afterwards . 
  aerial and ground assaults , over and over , wiping out every human soul left . 
  after his camp was wiped , there were less than 30 survivors left . 
  the ones who were away scavenging , or just cowards , like him , who left everything and fled , refusing to fight back . 
  two days ago , they were moving through the woods towards a city , where they hoped to find supplies . 
  then , the unavoidable happened . 
  they attacked ; ground troops , they did n't hear them before it was too late .
