  so e ceausista !!, 
  aterizam in londra , in spate doi cocalari romani . 
  rusia nu are sens , e in plin scandal cu ue . 
  moto x play user here , sounds like a bug in the youtube app / chromecast . 
  works perfectly for me . 
  i can close my youtube app , video goes on perfectly on the chromecast , no hiccups or anything . 
  fair enough . 
  la fel si uk , si-a asumat cetatenii implicati in terorism . 
  am zis ca a fost incompetenta . 
  grecia si italia , care is in groapa economic . 
  the real mvp . 
  tagged as `` camataru '' . 
  electronica . 
  aveam un eleaf istick de 20 w cu nautilus mini . 
  sumt constient de infamitatea eleaf , dar varianta de 20 w e excelenta , la fel si nautilus mini . 
  lichide de la mount baker vapour , varietatile de berry in principal , excelente . 
  si eu ma tund in forma de fedora . 
  si pe mine ma calca pe muci putin , dar nu mi se pare deplasat . 
  se cheama rapire boss . 
  fix la fel e si in botosani , plus `` ci faci cuai ? '', 
  sunt multi homofobi , evident ca nu is toti gay . 
  e trist . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/vc-pvj-2kqq ), 
  you should move to the uk . 
  trying to start a conversation in a public transport vehicle , tram , train will result in 2 unarmed police officers showing up and tasing the person , cuffing them and gagging them swiftly and in perfect silence . 
  the victim of the conversation attempt will receive a small note from the police officers , with `` we are terribly sorry . '', 
  written in cursive on it . 
  the offender , who is of course a foreigner , no english person would even think that such an atrocity is even physically possible , shall be deported to their country of origin with a permanent ban for them and all the other people who reside in said country . 
  banii ii bagi in un aparat care ii numara si scoate un bilet care arata fix ca o chitanta . 
  daca te urci in bus si refuzi sa platesti , soferul nu porneste si cheama garda , plus ca o sa ai 50 de oameni foarte pissed care for fi rugati de care sofer sa coboare si sa is urmatorul bus . 
  cat dureaza un traseu , cat costa . 
  pai nu demonstrezi . 
  rio grande do sul lost the independence war so badly that they celebrate it . 
  so it 's part of brazil , it 's just the better part of brazil . 
  low cost flying companies at their best . 
  til . 
  in ultima vreme base o luase pe aratura cu imigrantii . 
  e perfect posibil sa se fi si incapatanat , sau ambele variante combinate . 
  happy cake day !, 
  how was faro ? 
  i 'm thinking about going there for a few days sometime this year . 
  and which month did you visit ? 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  i 'm not a drinker so i found prague to be a bit boring . 
  i was there for 4 days , but i felt that two days would have been more than enough to visit everything worth to visit . 
  the old town part is absolutely beautiful , also the hills around the city , the old bridges , but staying four days without being a drinker and not able to properly enjoy the awesome pubs and the prices for awesome beers felt a bit too much . 
  prague is definitely worth a visit , but two days should be enough for experiencing the normal touristy stuff . 
  while i was in brazil it was so damn obvious that the country is going through a tough economical crysis . 
  everywhere you looked in major cities you could see building which were obviously abandoned during construction . 
  basically just the insides of huge buildings exposed here and there , obviously abandoned , homeless sheltered inside them . 
  also the barbed wire or electrical wires in top of fences and gates clearly indicate precarious safety in and around major cities . 
  also the severe contrast between the `` brigada militar '' and the fact that you 're in a car on a highway and you can smell a strong stench of marijuana obviously coming from a plantation nearby is an indicator of the state of corruption in the country . 
  i absolutely loved brazil , and i can tell you tens of other things i loved aside these 3 which i consider as being bad , but there are of course flaws which are evident . 
  thank you !, 
  40 mm , the no date variant . 
  beautiful , extremely good strap , and it 's only fault is the loud ticking . 
  still love it though . 
  , topic i 'm care fiecare sa isi verse naduful . 
  yeah ... 
  bullying . 
  interven\u021bia poli\u021biei nu vindeca popula\u021bia de rasism . 
  edit : nu vad brazilia la worst . 
  are 72 . 
  edit : wrong post dammit . 
  when i get an obsession i always tend to overdo it and overwhelm myself with it . 
  doing the same activity for 12 - 14 hours per day for a few days straight can cause a loss of interest and get you out of that obsession . 
  try to introduce the new activity in your routine in a balanced wand organised manner . 
  3-4 hours a day , 5 days a week maybe ? 
  or just how it fits your schedule better . 
  not being able to realize when someone is blatantly lying in your face or bullshiting you . 
  because of that i have to postpone all my decisions so that i can soend some time thinking and analysing what a person said to me , so that i make sure that they were n't lying or being sarcasm . 
  i also almost always take encouragement as mockery or sarcasm , while taking sarcasm literally . 
  basic figures of speech being taken literally . 
  this is only about communication . 
  add in the social anxiety issues as well , empathy issues , learning something which you are not passionate about and so on . 
  best way i found to get around making small decisions faster is just to pick a random one fast , stick with it and try to move my attention / thoughts to something else . 
  otherwise i linger for ages to take a decision . 
  for the small stuff , like lunch or a book , i do n't find the process stresful , but quite enjoying , since i like nitpicking and weighing possibilities . 
  for more important stuff it gets overwhelming though . 
  im not trying to take their defence , but a part of that difference comes from the fact that it is being sold in europe . 
  electronics are much more expensive in the eu than they are in the us . 
  another thing is that they seem to have the uk as a main market and as location . 
  the uk is expensive compared to the rest of eu so the prices have to be higher . 
  this would explain $ 200 difference . 
  rest is profit i guess ? 
  who buys them ? 
  people in the uk . 
  these are the prices there . 
  check amazon.co.uk and see for yourself . 
  same here , just got home from my `` social anxiety anonymous '' meeting . 
  i 'm very happy that this time i did n't overstay and left before i got to the point in which i feel extremely uncomfortable and afraid so it was pretty damn awesome . 
  about the same here . 
  putting a show gets me tired , but i have chosen to take part in the nt world . 
  that means that not only i 'm putting a show but also make effort and learn how to deal with social situations . 
  the thing about aspergers is that i have gained social anxiety because of my inability to get social cues , feeling left out and thus slipping into the anxiety . 
  once you understand this process you get that social anxiety is reversible . 
  there will always be things which i do n't get , but that does n't automatically mean that i should be anxious in social situations or get tired . 
  i get nt world elements fixed in my routine so that i keep practicing , but also always make sure that i offer personal time to myself so that i do n't overload . 
  it 's a balancing act really but when you get it right things start moving in the right direction . 
  as an aspie , i will always have frustrations , meltdowns , stimming , anxiety filled situations .
