  and i do n't think that there are many people who are able to code kernel , os and apps from scratch so that 's not a valid option , just a perfect setting . 
  that being said , relying 100 % or as much as you can on open source is the best chance you have to stay safe , as a home , normal everyday user that is . 
  open source has the community , which constantly checks the code . 
  it is not perfect , the heartbleed example is perfect , but it 's the best we got currently . 
  of course , using open source or not is just an option , a personal one , and the computing needs of everyone of us differ a lot ; some can not rely on open source , others can . 
  some simply do n't want to or feel that it is not secure , and so on . 
  in my personal opinion , in terms of safety it 's the best we have as home users . 
  if you are enterprise , government , or simply a bit paranoid ( meant no offense with paranoid there , i understand why one would be ) there are other tools and solutions , and when you look at the tools and solutions they use , you 'll see that those are open source as well . 
  yes , you are right . 
  if you are not just copy pasting the command from some website , first you have to know how to add an extra ppa repository ( this is specific to ubuntu ) , then install the pipelight thing and enable unity in pipelight ( pipelight can be used for more than just unity ) . 
  and yes , you are right , most people do not want to bother with this stuff , if you do not know much about computing it is not intuitive ( if you are a computing enthusiast at least , once you understand some of the really basic stuff , this becomes not only intuitive , but also easier than doing a similar thing on windows ) . 
  the thing here is that you are installing a windows application on a linux machine . 
  that is why you are using the command line , and it is more complicated than it should . 
  steam for linux for example , when installing a linux game , it 's just as simple as it is on windows . 
  no fuss , just hit install and wait for it to get done . 
  use linux and bother with it only if you want . 
  you should n't use any os unless you want to , and that 's that . 
  people say that you should use linux , or windows , or macosx . 
  fuck it . 
  if you are curious about one or another , try it out and see for yourself if it suits you or not . 
  personally i was tired of windows bugging , crashing and hated it for being bloated ( this was the mighty xp era ) . 
  i tried linux . 
  did n't like ubuntu , was also buggy . 
  hopped around until i found a distro i like . 
  non bloat , rock stable , i can do everything i want , i do some gaming and it works well , and for me learning new stuff about command lines and scripting is actually fun . 
  but that 's just me . 
  many people do n't have the interest , patience , knowledge and time for that . 
  the most important assets of a linux based os are flexibility , diversity and control . 
  for new users , these also can be extremely overwelming . 
  linux itself is not an operating system , it 's the kernel on which the operating system works . 
  since it is open source , and anyone can use it , this means that there are multiple operating systems which are running with the linux kernel , there are hundreds . 
  this is the overwhelming part . 
  you have loads of options to choose from . 
  of course , there are major ones , there are bad ones as well . 
  but the `` good '' main ones are about 20 - 30 distributions , as they are called . 
  compared to windows , where you have to choose between several windows 7 versions and several windows 8 versions , here you have about 20 - 30 choices , all free ( as in free beer ) and you have to find the one which suits your desires and needs better . 
  after that , a linux desktop , in terms of appearance has , again multiple options of how you want your desktop to look , feel and what kind of workflow you want . 
  these are interface gui options , called desktop environments or window managers , depending of the type . 
  again , lots of choices , lots of experimenting to do . 
  but to answer your question . 
  windows 8 currently has an appstore of some sort i think ? 
  linux has something like that for many years now , usually called repository . 
  all the software which is in that repository is safe , verified and reverified so that it is safe , and depending on what kind of distro you are using , as bug free as possible ( there are distros which are focused on the latest and greatest software , and those tend to be more buggy to an extent ) . 
  using that instead of looking for the software online and installing it from some random website makes you a lot more safe than what you are usually do on windows . 
  it 's also pretty fast , and the more user friendly distros have a gui interface app to access and search that repository , so it 's extremely easy and more straight forward to look up for an application and install it than doing it in windows . 
  another neat feature which most distros have is the use of a live cd , or live usb . 
  instead of installing a linux distro , you can first check it in a live session from your usb or from a dvd . 
  you have to copy the image to the usb using some software like unetbootin or just burn the image on a dvd , reboot your computer and boot from dvd / usb . 
  the operating system will boot in a live session in which you have access to the operating system like it would be installed , to check it out , see how it feels and moves for you . 
  lots of the software you use on windows does n't have a linux version . 
  so you have to use workarounds like that one to get some stuff which you really need working . 
  it 's getting easier and easier , but still workarounds and not true linux versions . 
  the unity team has their unity 3d application working for linux , and it also exports games for linux , making linux native clients . 
  but no unity web player for linux yet . 
  sigh . 
  win 7 and win 8 are pretty awesome operating systems , but considering the kind of stability i am used now , even those seem too buggy for me . 
  and yeah . 
  if you are a heavy gamer ( you play lots of games , switch them around a lot ) , switching to linux is a bad idea . 
  that 's not because linux based systems are not good for gaming , they 're just as valid as windows or mac , it 's just developers are not considering that it 's worth the effort because of the small user base linux has on home systems . 
  nowadays it is much better than 1 - years ago . 
  nvidia has good proprietary drivers ( unless you are on an optimus , then you must look at the bumblebee open source one ) , intel works out of the box since it is open source , and the amd ones sound just weird to me ( i have n't used them ) ; in some cases the open source ones are the best , better than the proprietary ones . 
  all in all , it 's much more better nowadays , getting better and better every day actually because valve is pushing nvidia and amd to improve their drivers for linux so that they get better performance on games under linux . 
  that is perfectly true . 
  for nvidia , if your card is not brand spankin ' new or the optimus switch to intel / switch to nvidia when needed ( the cards themselves do work , but the switch is messy in linux ) the drivers are on par with windows . 
  intel , same thing , it 's open source , the drivers are actively maintained . 
  ati/amd is indeed a mess , and it 's a hit and miss . 
  it might work just perfect , or you might go to darker places , as you did . 
  hopefully valve will drive all this further ( it has already with nvidia ) . 
  steam works perfectly fine on debian 7 , no worries . 
  just google steam for debian , the . deb installer should be in one of the first links . 
  just get yourself some debian sweetness , be it pure debian or one of the close derivatives , either based on 7 or on testing , either will work well for you , testing is already pretty much stable , and 7 , the stable version , is exactly what you 'd expect , rock solid stability with not very updated packages . 
  if your machine is not new , you should be ok with everything . 
  and if you are using an nvidia card , it 's not very difficult to get the latest driver if you really feel that you needed ( i did n't care too much so did n't bother ; my brother did care and he said it was pretty much straightforward ) . 
  if you are sick of the bload and slowness , look at crunchbang , openbox is not for everyone though . 
  amd video drivers for linux are still hit and miss sadly so you 'll have to see for yourself how it goes . 
  one potato is of dream , six is of utopy . 
  but but . . your user name . . 
  look at the right , from where it takes the sleeper . 
  you 'll see it reappear at some point . 
  hey , some of us use debian stable as our day to day os as well !, 
  uneventful boring debian is the best debian !, 
  both her first name and her last name are ridiculously common in romania . 
  this made me chuckle . 
  not contributing to open source is pretty difficult . 
  for many people , if they use some piece of software , and they like it , they will contribute in some way or another . 
  if you find a bug , you 're very likely to go on the official forums and mention it . 
  i personally i hang out on some of the irc channels when i 'm bored and help people who encounter issues and so on . 
  i have no idea how to code , but you usually contribute at some point with out even realizing it . 
  asti-as cei doi centi ai mei . 
  i thought about that as well , but slackware nowadays , in terms of users simply appears to be too small . 
  even though from my understanding is still being pretty actively developed , it seems to be going down . 
  hope at some point it 's going to be picked up more and more . 
  never used it myself , but it is a pretty neat concept of running a distro and it 's also the oldest one still being developed . 
  okay , obi at least two . 
  or obi larger than one . 
  datoria ta e sa suni si sa raportezi incidentul . 
  daca victima mai e in zona si in stare de soc , va fi trimisa si o ambulanta . 
  si tot asa . 
  the spike and the victim were layed horizontally . 
  victim was being held ( approximately ) with the anus right in front of the tip of the spear .
