  i ca n't watch almost any us show where i live simply because they are n't aired here . 
  the people who produce shows and movies in the us seem to be extremely ignorant about this situation . 
  people prefere netflix to piracy because it 's much more easier to use netflix than to pirate and its ridiculously cheap . 
  what do they do ? 
  lock down most of the good stuff only for the us , where you can see it also on tv first ( the shows ) and do n't make it available at all in the other countries , where it is not aired . 
  then they say piracy is destroying the industry . 
  yeh , sure . 
  i was refering to the current situation . 
  but by making this statement i actually found out that they will transition to html5 which is good news for everyone . 
  netflix gets it . 
  they know how it works , and netflix and steam are the examples which show that offering people their entertainment at an affordable price , in a safe and easy way is the way to reduce piracy . 
  executives still think that charging high is the way to make money , while the actual way is to charge as low as you can afford so that you make your product accessible to a much more wider audience . 
  entertainment is not a luxury item . 
  it 's something which all humans need . 
  make it available and affordable , and people will be happy to pay for it . 
  well i have been getting a lot of replies saying that netflix will switch to html5 soon enough , so expect to bash that camel . 
  not natively . 
  but they said that they 're going to have a streaming - type system which will stream a game from your windows pc to your steamos system so you will be able to play about 3000 games instead of the 200 currently supported on linux . 
  i hope that doesnt mean that valve wo n't port their titles on linux though . 
  i was refering to enabling the html5 on the netflix website while on linux . 
  currently , while on linux netflix just says that linux is not supported , and on windows it defaults on silverlight , with no option for html5 . 
  apparently netflix will go html5 soon , so it will be usable on linux as well . 
  it will have drm components too though . 
  that 's not natively though . 
  that is done via wine . 
  or using a windows dll . 
  basically yes . 
  as they said , `` it 's coming to your living room '' . 
  so either a steambox connected to the tv and the windows computer , or just another computer , connected to the tv , with steamos on it , connected to another gaming computer , with windows on it , from which you stream the game . 
  you can also give the distro a spin on your desktop computer , or laptop just for fun and see how it is if you 're curious . 
  personally am looking forward to that the most , but i just like trying out linux distros . 
  wtf ? 
  the bar on the top acts as a bar for the minimize / maximize / close buttons as well when you move the mouse in the top left . 
  it was annoying as hell when i first tried unity , took me a while to get it . 
  have fun !, 
  i personally would give that movie a 9 . 
  i enjoyed it quite a lot . 
  watching that was an intense trip for me . 
  they are too different to be able to compare them . 
  the idea is similar to inception , but even there , it 's not comparable . 
  the movie is unique , exploring some psychological interactions . 
  inception and matrix might make you question the reality for a short time , but this movie simply makes you feel high . 
  it 's a trip , and after seeing it for the first time , it makes you want to see it again , to comprehend more of it . 
  you ca n't get it all from just one view or two . 
  you have to see it again and again , to understand what was going on . 
  that 's not because of a bad script or a bad director , but because of the main / base idea is complex and intricate , with many subtle and subliminal plots . 
  the first reaction to the movie is `` what the fuck '' . 
  also , unlike matrix or inception , this movie has a vivid surreal feel to it , it 's like being the spectator of a dream , which has everything in it , from severe mindfuck to cringey but intense sexual innuendo . 
  linus torvalds would be much more fun though . . 
  the best thing about this is that it actually looks old . 
  vista . 
  windows vista . 
  how is this kind of toxicity allowed to exist in the us ? 
  allowing this kind of bullshit to be taught to children deprives the country of possible future researchers and scientists . 
  between these children there might be a future btilliant scientist , but this is denied from the start because of indoctrination with this bullshit . 
  why is teaching kids absolutely fictional facts as actual science legal ? 
  that 's out of the box crunchbang , only the wallpaper was changed . 
  manjaro linux is pretty exciting nowadays . 
  it 's arch based , but it makes it noob friendly . 
  it tries to be what ubuntu was for debian back in the day . 
  gui package manager , gui installer , stability and so on . 
  i understand freedom of speech . 
  but school curriculum should be centralized . 
  as in there is a central public institution ( ministry of education or however it is called in the us ) which tells what is allowed to be taught in public or private schools and what is not allowed . 
  teach something else , and get fined / fired for it . 
  this is how it is where i live . 
  of course , here are teachers who babble during class about all kinds of bullshit which is not related to what they teach , but they do it on their own risk , and most of the time is the teacher babbling around about some shit which happened and not them actually trying to teach you some bullshit pseudo science , because that is not legal . 
  freedom of speech and freedom is all good , but teaching should be thoroughly regulated . 
  indeed , piracy does not help content makers . 
  and it actually hinders small content producers . 
  the only case where piracy has helped a content maker is microsoft 's windows . 
  but here we talk about an over 20 year process and lots of work involved . 
  but piracy did help them grow , a lot . 
  the ` apt-get dist-upgrade ' were in debian or ubuntu ? 
  what behind the scenes changes if i may ask ? 
  sweet !, 
  actually being productive . 
  i do n't use computers for work so the only more `` intense '' thing i have set up is a script to change wallpaper which is ran by crontab . 
  not on debian . 
  i use crunchbang , which is basically debian with a nice openbox set up , and dist-upgrade never caused any kind of problems . 
  used it on debian testing as well , no problems . 
  so it must be a ubuntu issue . 
  those are bound to bork up . 
  that 's why mint is n't using that system at all . 
  they rarely work sadly . 
  i understand being interested in new kernels if you have a brand new setup , because older kernels might have compatibility issues and stuff might just not work . 
  if you do n't have a brand new setup , then older kernels should do the job just fine . 
  running crunchbang with the stock 3.2 kernel and everything runs perfectly fine , even though for an arch user it would sound antique . 
  dude , romania is a member of the eu since 2007 . 
  romanian has a vast array of very imaginative swearing :, 
  dute-n pizda ma-tii : go into your mother 's cunt . 
  equivalent of fuck off or go fuck yourself . 
  sugi pula la cai morti : you suck cock of dead horses . 
  self explanatory . 
  sa te futa cainii-n cur : may dogs fuck you up the ass . 
  du-te-n pula mea : go into my dick . 
  equivalent of fuck off . 
  pula mea : my dick . 
  universal expression , you can literally answer any question using that , you just have to tone your voice the right way . 
  not sped up .
