  in romanian , taran ( peasant ) does n't always have a negative connotation . 
  it can be used with a negative connotation , mostly when talking about a city dweller , but when actually talking about a person from a rural area , taran is just descriptive , and many of them are proud to be called like that . 
  will they finally admit to the stargate program ? 
  i do understand the 100 % freedom of speech existant in the us , i do n't understand why is this allowed in schools . 
  do n't classes have a certain curriculum dictated by some public education institution ( country wide ) which the teachers must follow ? 
  or simply having a degree to teach in schools just allows you to be a teacher and teach the students what ever you want ? 
  do n't teachers get a very specific set of lessons / classes which they must teach their students , and if they do n't follow that , they get in trouble ? 
  that 's how a sane educational system should work in any country , you need some uniformity so that when students have national exams , they 've all been studying the same thing , or when they have admission exams for college / university . 
  it was a tumultuos day in olympus , so hestia decided to descend to the human 's land , as she often did when the major gods were involved in quarrels drawing from their own frivolity . 
  as she descended , she saw a beautiful wheat farm , not far from athens . 
  walking between the ears of wheat , she collected seeds , crushing them into her hands , transforming it into flour . 
  as she continued her walk , she reaches a clear river and starts mixing the flour with the clear water and slowly transforming the water into flowing cocoa butter , mixing it all with the flour . 
  she then pushes the mixture into the river bank , commanding the dirt to transform into dryed whey , soya lecitin partian inverted sugar syrup and salt . 
  and so it did , and she mixed it all together , creating a round sweet cookie biscuit . 
  then she coated the top of the biscuit with the sweet cocoa butter flowing in front of her . 
  `` thou shall be called milk chocolate digestives , and you will go great with milk or tea ! '', 
  she said and so it was . 
  both are valid options . 
  personally i prefere debian because i like my os as stable as possible . 
  you should take a look at both and choose what suits you best . 
  debian might need bit more tweaking to get it where you need it but it 's all a google search away . 
  most people in the comment section here find it dark or depressing . 
  i just find it fascinating , especially the wolves ' rapidity in changing their target and killing it as quickly as possible in order to avoid any further complications . 
  the larger buffalo most definitely did n't pursue the smaller one in order to knock it over , they were just running in the same line , with the rest of the herd nearby i assume and it was slower and in the way , so it 's move over or they get both of us . 
  nature works that way , and it 's always fascinating to see how quick and efficient it is . 
  yupp , it seems that us has a much more developed taste for turn by turn sports , like american football or baseball , where strategy has an immense role , while europeans enjoy the more free flowing sports like soccer , rugby or handball . 
  read my post again and tell me where i said that . 
  i simply said that american football and baseball have strategy as an immense part of it , being turn by turn games . 
  i just said that soccer and football are more free flowing , play wise . 
  i have n't implied that soccer does n't involve strategy . 
  it does n't . 
  i was pointing out that the 2 types of sports are just very different . 
  europeans do n't have a developed taste for turn by turn , while millions of americans obviously do . 
  i 'm not even american , was just pointing out something which neither sides seem to observe , the fact that the two sports , soccer and american football are extremely different , not just in the rules and type of game , but the core type of strategy and flow of the game . 
  yup , using that guide will solve the audio issue, 
  eating 100 $ worth of fast food in a week will probably kill you right away . 
  or sci fi movies with no or very little visual effects . 
  the man from earth , thx 1138 . 
  personally i would take a more pragmatic approach . 
  10 % to the church ? 
  no 10 % to yourself ; if you earn not too much money , you can pay a house in 20 years . 
  if you earn decent , probably 15 . 
  yup , rhinos are hard to keep still while you are shaving their pubes . 
  well he is n't . 
  i understand that these feds were somewhat above the law and had authorization and the means to pull this off , but how did this passed in front of the judge as well ? 
  they persuaded an individual into commiting an illegal act . 
  when this happens in a civilised country , the whole thing is basically zero , because the so called criminal was driven directly to commit a crime by the federal agents . 
  they were the criminals in this case , not him . 
  that means of course that the judge was in it as well , which makes it even more screwed . 
  the fbi recruited a guy in a terrorist group , doing it the way terrorist groups do it . 
  propaganda and all that , then convinced him to take part in a terrorist act . 
  the fbi did illegal things as well . 
  they could have just send someone to pay a visit to the guy and announce him that he is under surveillance because of what he posted online , and actually keep an eye on him . 
  also , if he was indeed really messed up , offer him information on how and where he can get help to straighten his life . 
  instead the faked a terrorist act just to frame him . 
  that 's messed up . 
  yes , but as you have said in your first post , it should and is applied in varied domains of activity . 
  it 's not only about leaving loose ends and hoping that it wo n't happen , it 's also about checking again and again when you 're making a product for loose ends , perfecting your product as much as humanly possible . 
  because if everything is not perfect , the imperfections will spring up sooner or later and your product will fail . 
  this principle is taken very seriously in engineering , especially when dealing with aircrafts , rockets and such . 
  products are first checked , rechecked , verified and tested multiple times to make sure that the product is perfect or 99.99 % perfect . 
  otherwise , lives will be lost . 
  so it 's not only about confirmation bias , it 's also about the fact that if something can go wrong , if you deal with that product for long enough time , that `` something '' will most definitely go wrong sooner or later , and in some cases , it is fatal . 
  that is what i was refering to actually . 
  i 'm not from the us . 
  in most of western europe , doing that is not legal for the cops because it is seen as leading people into commiting crimes . 
  it just looks wrong from this perspective . 
  would n't a visit , a warning and some further surveillance be less expensive ? 
  again , i feel that it is leading a potential criminal into going further with a crime . 
  treating a citizen who has commited no crime ( the us as far as i know has full freedom of speech , in many countries in europe making statements like that would be illegal ) like a criminal and leading him into commiting a crime by convincing him that his criminal intentions are correct morally and offering him the resources to do so . 
  that 's why i see it as morally bankrupt . 
  instead of spending most or all of their resources to go after the real terrorist cells , they expend some resources ( probably not too many to be honest ) to create a fake terrorist cell and do exactly what a real terrorist cell would do ( recruiting ) up to the point of putting the guy in the position of commiting a terrorist act . 
  putting the guy under surveillance without warning him may have led to a real terrorist cell maybe ? 
  or just warn him and put him under surveillance and get over with it . 
  what they have done seems excessive and not moral from my point of view . 
  gathered tree people . 
  that 's hardcore man . 
  that 's the fbi 's fault . 
  they obviously were n't watching him . 
  neither of the brothers were master criminal minds , fbi made a huge mistake there . 
  what worries me about the way fbi is leading people into commiting criminal minds is because it remembers me of the securitad from communist before 1989 . 
  they were operating in a similar way . 
  they were recruiting ordinary people to be securitad agents , convincing them usually either by threats or beneficies , and these people were just asking around people what they think about the regime . 
  if they went on a rant that the communist regime had to be taken down , then they reported that to the main securitad agent and the ranter was taken to prison for being against the regime , or for plotting against the regime , or for terrorism . 
  what the fbi is doing now is really close to that and might be headed that way . 
  there 's a lot of daft punk style in there , sweet !, 
  and awesome demo reel , hope you get yourself some customers . 
  it 's pitch black . 
  i am outside , grass under my feet , i 'm near a tree , it smells like a summer night , i ca n't hear anything apart from my breathing and my footsteps . 
  wow , that 's beautiful . 
  absolutely great . 
  well , i 'm not an us citizen and not living there either so my opinion has little relevance compared to yours , a voter there . 
  my honest feeling is that what fbi is doing is extremely dangerous and can lead to something harmful for the us citizens . 
  the wellbeing of us citizens should not be my prime concern and it is n't , but i 'm just expressing my opinion . 
  ba , deci eu nu is orcofob , dar bag pula in ei orci . 
  nu e fix invers ? 
  the old man had completely black , wrinkled skin , black eyes , dirty yellow nails and was wearing a ragged clothing , wet and destroyed by the oceanic winds and corosion . 
  his staff was made out of wood , was tall and thin , one could only hope that it could withstand the old man 's weight when he leaned on it as he was walking . 
  he walked on the tumultous waters for weeks before reaching his destination . 
  a point in the vastness of the great ocean , right between the gray cliffs .
