the attitude that the person i replied to had was that sweden should _ demand _ them to integrate . 
  they should integrate , but maybe if we did n't have such a shitty attitude about it , it 'd go better . 
  we could _ assist _ , _ help _ , _ encourage _ but demand ? 
  who the fuck are you to judge someone 's level of integration ? 
  and for what it 's worth we have hundreds of years of culture in many countries where the locals and immigrants did not fully mix . 
  new zealand -- the brits did n't integrate and now they demand the maori to ? 
  in america we have spanish in our passports and in many stores and on voting forms . 
  because it 's the decent thing to do . 
  i know many people who are integrated save for the fluency of their language , but go on the internet and everyone is flipping their shit . 
  why ? 
  because they 're brown or they speak arabic . 
  and that takes time and it takes resources . 
  you ca n't just get a refugee or immigrant or whatever and tell them ok you 're here now speak english/german/swedish . 
  my grandmother spoke like 5 languages fluently but not english . 
  she learned , yeah , but was never perfect . 
  it takes time for people to integrate and it 's hard to do so when everyone is so judgy . 
  i swear , sometimes people lose what it means to be human because of stupid nationalistic fervor . 
  your culture is fine , some migrants wo n't destroy it . 
  sure -- we need to talk about it . 
  it 's not a matter of talking about it , but the rhetoric is a bit out of hand . 
  we need to be level-headed about this . 
  also , i have no problem with communities using the language they are comfortable with . 
  am i wrong for keeping alive my culture and heritage in a unique way while living in a different country ? 
  of course they should . 
  but we do n't need to be assholes about it . 
  1st gen immigrants achieve fluency less than their children do . 
  we _ need _ to not have toxic or radical immigrants but that 's not all of them -- people are just trying to live . 
  by forcing people to live by certain rules in such a strict way we risk alienating them and causing high tension . 
  they are allowed to speak their own language and have difficulties . 
  it 's not easy for many of them i 'm sure . 
  when i am speaking other languages i do n't get in trouble because i am considered white and speak european languages, 
  sure . 
  it 's just a bit funny considering that out of all the times people have said this it _ actually _ has led to genocide . 
  but , you know , if we just kick them out or make them speak our language we solve the problem , right ? 
  why would that even matter lol, 
  the last time someone said this exact comment 11 million people were murdered in europe . 
  by mistrusting everyone and not being a good human being and wanting to go to war , you are giving them what they want . 
  we do n't live in a fairytale but we can be nice human beings and rational and understand that this is exactly what they want . 
  it actually does n't . 
  it matters they we are giving into terrorism exactly like they want . 
  5 french citizens , 2 belgian , 2 iraqi . 
  sorry , most of them were living in belgium so i got confused , but yeah -- mostly all european citizens . 
  and they were belgian . 
  it 's 5776 in the hebrew calendar, 
  society changes and realizes that it makes mistakes . 
  slavery used to be legal so we should n't talk about race relations ? 
  we hope to be more civilized and fair, 
  what . 
  saying 9/11 is an inside job is clearly different than saying jews gays and roma should be executed and murdered . 
  preaching a hateful ideology that has actually murdered people is wrong . 
  it 's harming society and it creates a dangerous attitude esp . 
  with recent developments concerning migrants . 
  i ca n't say `` michael schwarz was affected by this '' but apparently that 's what you need to hear to be happy . 
  but sure lets let terrorists and fascists freely preach death and genocide . 
  especially when it 's going / has gone on . 
  you do n't really get it and that 's ok . where are you from ? 
  belonging to/creating/supporting a right wing hate group which is banned in germany is not a harmless activity . 
  oh she 's old . 
  i do n't care . 
  she 's adhering to ns philosophy and pushing the idea that inferior ( jews ) should leave germany or face attacks . 
  she 's basically a terrorist . 
  and the federal government agrees with me . 
  so , there 's that . 
  she 's not a victim . 
  belonging to an ultra-nationalistic hate group definitely can be grounds for arrest . 
  i ca n't just say i 'm in isis and chant death to america . 
  you 'd get a nice knock from the fbi or such . 
  it did n't even take that much to arrest and jail the cpusa members in the red scare . 
  took a bit for scotus to rule it unconstitutional but it could surely happen again . 
  yeah , it 's sometimes hard when it 's an emotional topic . 
  in a perfect world ... 
  i 'm allowed to be hyperbolic just as people can claim that an actual holocaust-denier was just having an opinion . 
  i mean seriously , i really do n't understand how people ca n't see that genocide is wrong and that we have a duty to stop it . 
  precisely because people still have lackadaisical opinions about it is why we try to stamp it out . 
  sorry , i just get a bit heated , belonging to multiple groups of people who were forced to leave their home , or who were murdered . 
  people are n't hurting anyone by saying 911 was an inside job . 
  it 's wrong , and was a tragedy , but it does n't advocate genocide and ethnic cleansing . 
  you ca n't jail stupidity , after all . 
  well by ideology i did mean ns . 
  was just speaking in general terms . 
  but then again , germany is n't russia , and russia itself glorifies the ussr , so there 's that . 
  of course it 's only ns ideas because that 's where they come from and which government perpetrated it . 
  cool . 
  so tell me what countries have unbridled free speech ? 
  americans especially love to talk about how free the us is . 
  except it does n't have fully free speech at all . 
  in practice , even the first amendment has limitations . 
  it then becomes a healthy compromise between governmental power and reasonable protection of a natural right . 
  free speech is always partitioned . 
  if you do n't recognize it you 're na\u00efve and if you think it should be literally 100 % protected without fail all the time then you do n't recognize the nature of human beings and society . 
  naw -- it 's just illegal to use hate speech to support an ideology which systematically murdered countless minority groups ... by the state no less . 
  you do n't get to preach ns philosophy and tell people you will have pogroms . 
  no speech is 100 % free , even in america . 
  love when the holocaust-denier supporters come to play . 
  being a jew in this context does n't mean a religion . 
  that _ is _ true . 
  i live in berlin and it 's obviously amazing . 
  when i lived in wellington all i did was walk and take the bus, 
  anything is visible from space with a good enough telescope . 
  look at high res imagery from skybox skysats ot dg 's worldview 3/4 or pleaides from airbus
