and that 's really optimistic, 
  what the fuck ? 
  greece has 11 million . 
  fyrom has 2 million . 
  they will surpass the population , if they ever do this , in 100 years . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  about 14 hours a week , about 2 hours the day . 
   how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  about twice a week . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  greece . 
   do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  yes . 
  greek as my native language , german level b2 , and learning spanish , italian and ** esperanto ** . 
   what interests you about europe ? 
  it 's the birthplace of civilization , the cradle of philosophy , the continent with the most important history , and of course is the place where i reside . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  favorite : the fact that people from other european countries share their opinions with you . 
  least favorite : the aggressive and racist comments towards other users , especially towards greeks and greece . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  yes but in a very small case . 
  i am a moderator of a tiny subreddit . 
  i have a little history , but that 's all . 
  by the way , i do n't know if it applies here , but i have knowledge with some programming languages , like dev pascal . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i like to contribute to the community , and also for experience . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  because i will try my best to be a good moderator , i am willing to give time to this subreddit . 
  also , without wanting to flatter myself , when i do something i try to do it as well as i can , given my knowledge . 
   do you have any experience with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  not so much . 
  i know statistics in general and a little bit in internet , because i managed a youtube channel and some facebook pages . 
  * facepalm * datamining , no freaking idea . 
  reddit bots , i have heard about them , i see them in regular basis , i even have used some of them , but not too much . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  i am not so well informed about the megathread ( i did n't follow it ) . 
  however , being in greece , the country most struck from the immigration crisis , i hope solutions and compromises would be reached in order to avoid chaos , and have both europeans and immigrants live peacefully . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  i am a little bit paranoid . 
  also i have a fear of heights  would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  i will just hide somewhere crying . 
  then i would wonder in what place there are ** horse sized mother fucking ducks ? 
  **  what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why illuminati . 
  everything is connected with the illuminati !!, 
  former british and french republic of syrup ( fbfrs ), 
  sorry that the european georgia is far older than the us one, 
  former polish republic of lithuania ( fprl ), 
  all countries have not a connection with their ancient ancestors . 
  like rome and italy and ancient egypt with egypt . 
  greeks also speak at least the same language with the ancient times , have the same names etc . 
  on the other hand slavs from voivodina ( fyrom ) with anger want to feel relevant stealing foreign history . 
  they do n't speak the same language as macedonians did , they do n't have many differences from serbia or bulgaria . 
  they are people who hate greece as hell and they show it constantly . 
  is n't the diversity wonderful ? 
  underrated comment of the day, 
  yes i am . 
  and thats one of the reasons my country is shit right now . 
  there is a difference between the initial teachings of marx and the modern antifa, 
  sometimes commies even advocate for genocides !, 
  just go to their subs and see for yourself, 
   greece  rhun you realize that rhun is basically central asia and fought with mordor ( aka soviets ) ? 
   keep in mind that ~ ~ istanbul ~ ~ constantinople is the largest european city . 
  ftfy, 
  thats ... the funniest thing i have seen in a while !, 
  thats nothing, 
   macedonia you mean vardaska ? 
  thats greek macedonia, 
  i dont know why r/europe is so over protective towards illegal immigrants . 
  so poland os not bicaneral ? 
  but if they want to why not ? 
  do people still go to egypt for summer vacations ? 
  thats why you lost two world wars, 
  make byzantium great again, 
  thats a bad comic from artistic perspective at least . 
  where is this ? 
  finally people wake up, 
  yes indeed thats what one of the things trump argued , terrorism was the fault of the previous governments bush , obama , clinton, 
  gib northern epirus, 
  what is this ? 
  a crossover episode ? 
  you mean eastern sweden ? 
  ideally i will say it would be around 500 ac during the justinian era . 
  * wish we could turn back time to the good old days *, 
  was that racist ? 
  so you were serious ? 
  i am sorry for you, 
  also in greece, 
  cant tell if sarcasm or not, 
  like the reddit comments are so much better, 
  i never said anything about islam you brought it on your own . 
  also , why did you attack my country ? 
  greece is in financial problems because of socialism and corrupt politicians . 
  also stop insulting me , ok ? 
  why are you so aggressive ? 
  yeah i know about that . 
  i mean what ideology is behind saudi arabia shittiness . 
  can you explain to me what ideology is followed in saudi arabia which makes that country so shitty ?
