  what makes these countries so shit-holes ? 
  for what dude saying my opinion ? 
  i never called anyone names pal chill, 
  i am talking about closing the borders . 
  we had enough . 
  also we could help redeveloping syria and iraq in order those people return to their countries in the future . 
  thats where the money should go . 
  however , many refuggees are not really refuggees since they are from countries with no wars like sub saharan african countries or pakistan and they just take advantage of the situation . 
  you realize there are zero refuggees in saudi arabia , qatar , kuwait , uae but there are tons in greece , italy , sweden and germany ? 
  you realize there is no major war in turkey ? 
  the greek economy loses millions of dollars because of those sanctions , which are really unpopular here . 
  the greek farmers have been devastated by that , and at least greece should stop enforcing them . 
  i think they dont have a specific use nowadays . 
  back in the day , it was to make bread but i am not sure . 
  lets hope anatolia cedes to its rightful owner . 
  wtf ? 
  i never said i would have killed a minority . 
  and btw turks are well known for their nice treatment of minorities . 
  most of the island is greek though and the people wanted unification . 
  dick comparisons ? 
  the turks and their occupations ... 
  here in greece its around 25 pupils . 
  they are non existent in greece . 
  come to greece instead, 
  eratosthenes proved it 350 bc , so it was common knowledge in ancient greece, 
  what if jesus passed the age of 45, 
  yes . 
  sometimes it was initiated and there were rumors of abolishing it the last year , but the parents and the families were furious so nothing happened . 
  its not that bad though . 
  if you dont believe you can just not go , though it is followed by announcements afterwards . 
  true you can opt out , but in all my years in greek educztion i never saw one doing it . 
  even the albanians kids who were most probably muslim stayed , because there are announcements afterwards . 
  nope, 
  because the orthodox church is the official church in greece . 
  greece . 
  the students till high school have every morning a prayer in front of the greek flag . 
  only the european flag or also the german ? 
  because i only wave the greek :p, 
  greece has perhaps the worst . 
  borh are island nations so its not that big of a deal / s, 
  turks are going to wait for a very long time, 
  the same in greece, 
  benelux has flat lands whereas most of the greek lands are unhospitable . 
  what was your opinion on greece ? 
  did you only travel to athens ? 
  you are right pardon my ignorance, 
  lands belonging to prussia are now polish . 
  dont mean to start anything i mean just before ww2 you had less lands , since germany was reaching modern day kallinigrad . 
  btw did you see the comparison of greece with poland ? 
  i also was talking only about area not about population, 
  its not actually that small its just has a weird shape . 
  for example in this picture thrace and macedonia are not even being compared with the benelux . 
  and poland both in population and in size is way bigger than greece . 
  ( thanks to ww2 ) edit : [ greece in poland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s0p6f79.png ), 
  this is not olympus, 
  it is a middle sized country, 
  wtf are there places in greece where sharia is official ? 
  greek !, 
  do you have to call your carrier to tell them you are going abroad or this isnt necessary ? 
  do you have a problem with that ? 
  that escalated quickly !, 
  you realize that this requires you to have a willing partner ? 
  because may was not elected so every move she would have made in the future would be instantly challenged . 
  at least this is according to my understanding . 
  athens is one of the few european capitals with no mosques so ... 
  greeks lived in cyprus for millenia . 
  most turks came though after 1974 . 
  thats to be expected since the official religion of england is aglicanism not sunni islam !, 
  gib money to us, 
  most likely kebab infestation, 
  the same in greece !, 
  wtf poland has more mosques than greece, 
  that was a dofferent story , it was an illegal occupation . 
  head of state, 
  greece has areas which are definitely not in the mediteranean region, 
  crete also belongs to the cretans but they are part of greece, 
  even before alexander the great asia minor was greek, 
  the same in greece, 
  sometime in the future it will be ours again . 
  wtf are you for real ? 
  didnt greece take the smyrna area but later we lost it ? 
  that eloquence or sassyness is not a factor for presidency, 
  why greece is so low ? 
  wtf how is greece lower than oman and togo ? 
   turkey  security pick one, 
  happy cakeday !, 
  nice was literally the first thing i said . 
  also dont forget moldovlachia . 
  did the journalists cause terrorism ? 
  why would anyone go to unsafe turkey when they could go to safe and cheap nearby destinations ? 
  nice , barcelona , tavrida , the whole of crimea and why not odessa mariopol and cherson ? 
  not massalia ? 
  what about antioch ? 
  i am greek and this does not apply to me personally . 
  so you basically describe a primitive capitalistic society . 
  reeeeee, 
  like a wes anderson movie, 
  you realize that this means no smartphone for you ? 
   all utilities are publicly owed do you seriously believe that this will work anywhere in the world ? 
  dammit you made me cry,
