well , he is an aspiring politician , i think it 's reasonable to expect him to be articulate . 
  and this attitude of `` if you do n't like it , do better '' is a bit childish . 
  it 's not my job to do better . 
  though i admit , my criticism was probably a bit too harsh , i think if you pay attention , what he says does n't always sound natural . 
  we probably also have vastly differing opinions on the of the video , too . 
  to me , this seems like an attempt for him to grab his slice of fame from the crisis , and jump start his political career . 
  it was n't even about the police force , most of what they showed were civilian guards , who have no business protecting the borders . 
  they might help with building the fence , but that 's pretty much all they can do . 
  i do agree that the production value of it is stellar , which implies it cost a lot , and while i 'm not trying to make any accusations , i find it more likely that he paid for this from his village 's budget than from his own pockets . 
  if he really wanted to help , he could have spent all that money on feeding the policemen doing 12 + hour shifts and not getting a bit to eat all day . 
  this is a publicity stunt of a small village 's mayor , and nothing else . 
  yeah , he takes too many unnecessary pauses between words , and talks intentionally slowly , i guess for the sake of sounding more dramatic . 
  instead he ends up sounding like a first grader trying to prepare for the `` kazinczy sz\u00e9p magyar besz\u00e9d '' competition , and doing really badly . 
  but unless the migrants in austria have been registered in hungary , they still wo n't be able to send them back here , just like we ca n't send them back to greece . 
  i agree . 
  even if we fence ourselves from every direction , they 'll find another way . 
  it was croatia yesterday , it will be slovenia ( some are already there ) soon , and etc. 
  the only way this influx could be controlled effectively is if we managed to keep them in countries neighboring syria . 
  of course that would require the whole eu to come to a compromise , and work together , in aiding those countries , which i ca n't see happening very soon . 
  and austria is the first schengen country of entry , as long as they ca n't prove they entered hungary first . 
  then austria can send them back there . 
  austria does not do that and sends them to germany . 
  deportation will not work until they are registered , in whichever country . 
  the ones with no claim to asylum should n't even be let into the eu in the first place , and that problem does n't start at the hungarian border . 
  i do n't really see any other solutions working out , until close to 10 thousand of them comes in every day . 
  i do n't agree that all my questions should be directed at our government . 
  their hands are still somewhat tied by the eu , and it should never come to just one country actively trying to do something . 
  i directed all those questions at him because what he said is technically correct , but would never work in practice . 
  it 's easy to say that we should n't let them pass , but how ? 
  put them in prison ? 
  stop them at the austrian border ourselves ? 
  deporting them sounds easy enough . 
  but how , and where ? 
  it 's a long procedure , so do we just tell them wait here until we can send you back to croatia ? 
  yeah , that will work . 
  i 'm not sure there 's an effective solution to this . 
  if they 're already in the country , they 'll go wherever they please . 
  and it 's been known for months , that the immigrants ' desired destination is germany , and they still ca n't deal with them . 
   in theory . 
  but if the asylum applicants leave the country there is no process anymore . 
  and how do you propose we keep them in the country ? 
  last time we tried , it did n't go very well . 
   if they enter via serbia hungary is the first eu country they entered . 
  hungary can of course try to prove that they were in greece before . 
  in that case they could file a dublin relocation request with greece . 
  they entered via croatia , and it 's very very likely that they were in greece before . 
  no sure how well dublin relocation requests would work , especially in a situation like this . 
   deportation . 
  to where , and how ? 
  it 's talked about a lot that even germany does n't know how it will be able to handle deporting the ones whose asylum requests were denied . 
  the deportation rates are pretty low , as it is , and process is very slow . 
  edited that part out , however , the rest of my comment still applies . 
  not detaining them is not the same , as pushing them on an other country . 
  they would leave no matter what , at least this way they do n't shut down the whole highway . 
  many suspect that austria is preparing to cause its border with hungary very soon , just like they did when this happened the last time . 
  but so far , they 've allowed them through . 
  we 'll have to see what happens . 
  is n't registering them basically starting the asylum application process ? 
  if they let themselves be registered , that is . 
  and hungary is n't the country of first entry , so why are we the only country that has to keep the dublin regulations ? 
  and what do you suppose should be done with migrants that got into hungary , and have no legal claim for asylum in europe ? 
  ~ ~ as far as i could tell from the articles i 've read so far today , we did n't send any migrants to austria , so i do n't think your original post has any basis . ~ ~, 
  if i remember correctly , they are n't taking them to austria , they 're taking them to registration camps that are close to the austrian border . 
  it 's pretty logical , i think , because even after they register , they 'll most likely not want to stay . 
  the things the government has problems with is letting people illegally into the country , and imposing quotas both on unwilling refugees and countries . 
  what hungary is doing is register them , and then let them go towards their goal . 
  after registration , they can do that . 
  and taking them by bus/train is a precaution , so they wo n't start walking on the highway again , shutting down all the traffic . 
  we ca n't really keep them here against their will . 
  it 's so sad that most politicians take the role of opposition literally . 
  they just push for the opposite of what the leading party does , no matter what it is , even when a compromise and cooperation would benefit the country more . 
  neither sides have ever been very good about this , unfortunately . 
  see , this is why i 'm kind of skeptical of that serbian tv crew being beaten yesterday , too . 
  the only accounts of the story i could find were from them , or their article translated . 
  of course , i 'm not trying to defend hungarian police , and say they 're saints . 
  they 're not . 
  and if everything did happen the way that tv crew is claiming , i certainly want to find the people responsible and prosecute them . 
  it 's unacceptable to attack journalists like that . 
  however , i did watch the streams for at least an hour from both sides after the border was breached , and the police pushed them back . 
  ( so i could have missed out on their original push against the migrants ) from then on , i did n't see one policeman step onto serbian territory . 
  in fact , most of the press and the migrants were on hungarian soil . 
  somewhere , i did see one police officer starting to walk forward , and through the fence , but i clearly heard the others shout at him not to go out . 
  so going on solely what i 've seen myself , the journalists that got beat probably got caught up between the migrants and the police , and that 's not the ideal place where you want to be when police are trying to push back , and disperse the crowd . 
  on the stream , you could see cameramen right in the face of the police . 
  i refuse to believe that those people did n't know the risks of being there in the midst of a violent riot . 
  they earn their money this way , so they obviously want to take the best shots from as close as possible , and make the biggest stories , even if that means putting themselves in a dangerous position . 
  and if they get injured by the police in process , that 's an even better story . 
  we 've seen journalists do much more despicable things than that . 
  and those people ca n't expect police to be mindful of them if they stand in their way . 
  as well as the women and children at the front lines ca n't either . 
  ( whom you could see being dragged to the fence against their will by men ) multiple hungarian reporters they talked to while they were showing the live footage reported getting their fair share of tear gas , too , they did n't single out foreign journalists to hurt , they were probably just in their way . 
  yeah , if it did happen the way the serbian crew is telling the story , then there are no excuses for what those policemen have done , and they deserve to be jailed . 
  i 've just grown a bit skeptical since it became cool to call hungarians nazis for everything . 
  the hungarian tv does n't seem to have caught the incident on camera , so we really only know what the reporters are saying . 
  they just clarified that climbing over the fence was their tactic at first , because they saw that the hungarian policemen were not doing anything and they tried to break through the fence from both sides . 
  that was before tear gas and water cannons were used . 
  that 's also when the the reporter describes they threw the two kids over the fence . 
  she said they stood on top of each other and `` flung '' the kids over . 
  she says one of the kids was a 5-6 year old girl , who was crying ( possibly because of the tear gas ) and was very afraid . 
  the emts are caring for them right now .
