  this is indeed a very sad situation , and i certainly hope the people who resort to doing things like this will never be let into the eu . 
  the reporters are saying that they see a `` core 250 '' that are most likely behind the riots , because the rest of them seem to realize they ca n't cross at r\u00f6szke , and leave soon . 
  then other people come , and come to the same realization , but the `` core 250 '' does n't seem to be leaving . 
  although , things have calmed down now , and they say no one is protesting currently , and even the serbian police have formed an albeit pretty weak cordon that they suggest the refugees do n't cross . 
  other than that , they do n't intervene . 
  i doubt the policemen 's injuries were severe . 
  they seem to have pretty good riot gear on them , and if they were hurt really badly , i think they would have said so . 
  the female reporter just mentioned that multiple children were also injured while the mob was running back from the tear gas . 
  they were trampled . 
  now another reporter is speaking about 150 injured refugees on the serb side , says they only have minor injuries . 
  he 's also saying that they threw the 2 kids over in hopes that the hungarians would take pity on them , and let them in too . 
  what the fuck ? 
  the person giving a report on the hungarian live stream just said that 20 policemen were hurt , and the ambulance had to take away 2 kids who were thrown over the fence . 
  did anybody else catch that ? 
  i ca n't seem to be able to rewind the stream . 
  sure , that could happen , but is n't it still better than breaking the law , and possibly putting yourself and your family in danger ? 
  people are acting like the only way to get into germany is to do it illegally . 
  regardless , i do n't really see merkel doing that , she 'd have to admit she fucked up first , and then do a 180 , and i think it would take her possible successor a lot of balls to do it , too . 
   if i was there , waiting , and a country like germany said i was welcome to come there . 
  why would n't i jump that fence and try to make my way ? 
  because you do n't have to jump that fence . 
  go to the first official border crossing in hungary , tell them you 're a syrian fleeing war , and want to register as a refugee , and seek asylum in germany . 
  then proceed to show them your documents , and you 'll be allowed to board a train . 
  welcome to hungary a week ago . 
  yeah , i know . 
  it 's a shame they did n't . 
  thank you !, 
  just because we do n't see eye to eye on the matter , does n't mean we ca n't debate reasonably . 
  i believe the discussion here is so extreme because in times like this , people with very radical opinions tend to yell the loudest , regardless of what side they are on . 
  people on the fence are n't likely to speak up , and radicals ' opinions wo n't be swayed . 
  i did n't see that specific clip you are referencing , but i can imagine that the police stood off to the side while they were boarding the trains . 
  there are n't nearly enough of them , in my opinion , and they do n't really know what to do , either . 
  i think they decided to not watch over them that closely because they did n't want to escalate the situation even more . 
  keep in mind , the time the first trains were leaving were when the crowd started getting more and more anxious , and when the police were already called out for being fascists , and treating the refugees inhumane . 
  might not have been the best decision , but i can certainly imagine a scenario , where police trying to make them stand in line would just make them angry after they got the first good news in weeks . 
  but i agree , that might not have been a good call on the police 's part . 
  thankfully , i have n't heard of anyone getting injured there , so it all turned out okay in the end . 
  and i have n't seen the video you linked yet . 
  it was pretty hard to watch , and again it was a scumbag thing to do . 
  but it still can be explained . 
  from what i can tell , they did n't walk to an official checkpoint , where they can safely cross , but tried to sneak in from the forest , in the middle of the night . 
  if it did happen at an official border crossing , then disregard the rest of my reply . 
  then what they did is inexcusable . 
  it was dark , and the man only shouted out that there were children with them after they were sprayed . 
  the police most likely just happened to patrol that area , and heard the sounds of people moving . 
  for all they knew , they could have been human traffickers . 
  plus however sorry we feel for them , crossing the border this way is still illegal , and the job of the border police is to not let it happen . 
  there are plenty of official checkpoints where they would happily take them to processing , and get them into a refugee camp , where they can start applying for asylum . 
  but sneaking in , in the night through the forest just means that they wanted to avoid the border patrol . 
  which means they wanted to avoid registration , thus making them ineligible to leave hungary . 
  they would only add to the angry mob that does n't understand why they ca n't just leave . 
  this is why i wish somebody they still trust would make a statement , and tell them that they need to cooperate with the hungarian police if they want to leave hungary , because no western country will let them through their borders without them being registered , and i do n't think many of them know it . 
  and i know for sure they do n't believe it when they hear it from the hungarian police , or orb\u00e1n . 
  i agree that the conditions are n't the best for them in hungary , but they did n't have to camp out at the railway station , either . 
  i assume the hygiene situation is a bit better at the designated refugee camps . 
  and i 'm also with you on how not communicating to them what they were planning was a dick move . 
  but they ca n't leave the country until they get registered , and that is in no way hungary 's fault . 
  until most of them comply , the trains ca n't be started . 
  they tried taking them towards the border , and then register them halfway through at bicske , but they refused to get off the train . 
  it 's apparent that they do n't trust hungarian authorities at this point , so i 'm hoping somebody they respect will calmly tell them what 's up . 
  they wo n't be let through the austrian border , if they are n't registered , and most of the people who were camping at the railway station are n't . 
  at this point , it 's on them to collaborate with the police , nothing else will speed up the process . 
  and where are you getting that there were no policemen while they were boarding the train from ? 
  almost all pictures and videos i 've seen this week of the railway station , there were always policemen there . 
  i 'm not saying there were a lot of them , but there is a finite number of policemen that can be sent there , it 's not the only place they 're needed . 
  and i do n't agree with you that they were treated like shit , either . 
  i think the police were always pretty reasonable with them , and only intervened when it was necessary . 
  they also calmly asked them if they would be willing to be registered , and were met with big nos from almost everybody . 
  now thousands of them started walking towards the austrian border , despite the police asking them not to , and they 're breaking out of refugee camps by the hundreds . 
  the best police can do right now is to escort them where they want to go , even if that means almost shutting down a whole highway . 
  i just hope it wo n't be a shitstorm when they get to the border , and wo n't be allowed through without being registered . 
  and now most of the people left at the station are families , who i think will be more compliant , so i hope the trains can be started again . 
  plenty of hungarians are supportive of refugees , just as there are germans who are against them . 
  almost all of the people at the railway station handing out food and water to them , and looking after them are volunteers . 
  and the reason i said they do n't have to fear for their lives every day is because you were acting like romas are constantly in danger of getting beat up here , which is not at all true . 
  refugees do n't have to be afraid , either . 
  just like they do n't have to sleep on the floor at keleti railway station . 
  they do n't even want to entertain the thought of seeking asylum in any other country but germany . 
  when germany allowed the first trains of refugees to go through , those trains stopped in vienna . 
  very small number of them tried to claim asylum there . 
  surely austria is n't as `` dangerous '' as hungary . 
  hell , the economy is a lot better , too . 
  i understand if someone does n't want to live in hungary , but the lines have to be drawn somewhere . 
  how would we even set up quotas for how many refugees each country has to take when they refuse to settle for any country but germany , and maybe sweden . 
  even though there are lots of people who do n't like the sudden flow of refugees here , the violence on non-hungarians you were describing in your original comments is really blown out of proportion , and not something that happens daily . 
  you can cherrypick isolated incidents where natives hurt non-native people in other countries just as easily . 
  that 's just not true . 
  i 'm not saying it 's never happened , but please do n't pretend it 's a daily occurrence . 
  i 've personally never heard of slovakians getting beat up here . 
  on the other hand the most common advice one gets before going to slovakia is to avoid speaking hungarian in some parts of the country . 
  i even talked to slovakian and serbian hungarians that said they were sometimes afraid to speak their native language in shadier places because it could get them int trouble easily . 
  as for romas , it 's even more ridiculous of a claim that they get beat up constantly . 
  where i live , the majority of the population is roma , and let 's just say they 've hurt us a lot more than we did them . 
  outside of a few `` skinheads '' , nobody is trying to hurt our roma population , just for the sake of them being roma . 
  they do n't have to constantly fear for their lives . 
  germany did more wrong than hungary , though . 
  with releasing ambiguous statements and all that . 
  and calling it a german problem is certainly not fair , but it kind of is becoming more and more of a german problem . 
  even if smaller countries decided to take in more refugees , they still would rather go to germany , as evident by their recent actions . 
  hungary is trying its best to register them , and they 're trying their best to avoid it , because they fear that they can be deported back here later .
