about 2,11 \u00d7 10 ^ -17 ly right here . 
  a russian man and a finn go to a sauna . 
  the russian man dies and the finn receives horrible burns all over his body . 
  there are already roads carved in the mountains . 
  the problem is that some of the roads are so narrow that you shall not pass . 
  surely letting hatred be our moral compass is the best way to make justice happen . 
  people who flee : flightlings . 
  there is good music in eurovision ? 
  what does eurovision mean for people from behind the iron curtain ? 
  i for one appreciated the unenthusiastic notinteresting-style descriptions . 
  they really capture how a normal day feels like . 
  it would have been easy to be an overly enthusiastic tour guide - especially since the scenery is a moderately exotic to most of us . 
  however that would n't have really captured how it actually feels to live your life . 
  the monotone gives a glimpse of real life - and that 's exactly the point . 
  they 're probably all shut down because greece can no longer afford to keep them running . 
  it 's the other way around : his name did him justice . 
  he was named after , and in response to the event . 
  you shut your selfie right now !, 
  that is simply false . 
  he is an ethnic finn , yes . 
  that 's so ... beautiful . 
  i 'm touched . 
  now , i 'm not going to show emotions or anything , because only hippies and the swedish do that . 
  [ nonetheless , this is me right now . 
  well , not really . 
  it 's a bit stiff , because it has no colloquialisms . 
  the only thing objectively wrong with that sentence is the comma : it should be a period , colon , or a semicolon . 
  that does sound unpleasant . 
  still , i 'm not exactly sobbing over that man 's distress . 
  ca n't get much tackier than eurovision . 
  we have always been at war with eurasia . 
  gladly * i * ca n't be manipulated because i 'm * special * !, 
  the vector space of dankness . 
  the dankest vector space is span ( yolo , swag ) . 
  normies , get out of my board !, 
  reeeee !, 
  scarred . 
  for . 
  life !, 
  why what ? 
  conjugations ? 
  do n't need so many small pronouns when you embed all the information in the word itself . 
  we practically do n't need structures like * a , the , of the , into , as a , inside , from within , on top of , without * or even * with the help of * since we have conjugations to replace all of those little words . 
  this is not saying that these words do n't exist in the finnish language , just that we do n't need to use them . 
  finns might not speak too much , but the few words we do say can pack a lot of information through clever conjugations and suffixes . 
  there was something similar here . 
  50 000 people did sign a petition to stop this proposition from becoming law , but it had no effect . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  the parliament voted in favor of the law , so it went through , and now the current parliament does n't have any plans to recall it . 
  if all goes well , and we do hope all goes well , then the proposition will become law eventually . 
  christmas , new year , easter , may day and midsummer , to name the most important ones . 
  i believe finland is a japanese fishing conspiracy . 
  so no , it does not exist . 
  maybe sweden exists , though . 
  you got it . 
  the truth can be changed ; the truth has never been changed . 
  ... all have red in the flag , except ireland , which has white . 
  there are n't many counties in europe - or outside of europe for that matter - whose flags do n't contain either red or white . 
  sweden and ukraine are the only ones i can think of right now . 
  in contrast to the post about finland yesterday , which mostly talked about people and activities , this post seems to focus quite heavily on places and history . 
  so , if i may ask , how are the people like in italy ? 
  and what do they do ? 
  did someone just imply finns are mongols ? 
  well , [ that 's unheard of ] ( http://gooby.naurunappula.com/org/e7/f7/e7f79e0b70e50e7a/0/1246057.jpg ) . 
  dude , do n't be such a downer . 
  august was really warm and sunny . 
  so was september for that matter . 
  also , did anyone even notice that it was just sunny for an entire month ? 
  i bet nobody did . 
  people are so hellbent on seeing the bad that they do n't notice when things are alright . 
  you can also see that the elven language in the witcher universe is for the most part just gaelic plus some made-up shit . 
  is the point of guy fawkes night to burn edgy political effigies or something ? 
  having seen only these few pictures , it sure looks like it . 
  your mom concerns the uk !, 
  where exactly ? 
  where can i find these hippies that would rather be absorbed into russia than strike an alliance with the germans ? 
  * we 're not all called dracula , mr. 
  pool . 
  it still wo n't be bright , unless global warming changes the planet 's angle of rotation . 
  kind, 
  / r/subredditsimulator is that way . 
  they 're going to relocate on mars , just north of uac headquarters . 
  ribbed for her pleasure ? 
  not even close . 
  about half of these pictures look nice while the other half is oversaturated all the way to rainbow hell and back . 
  it 's a weird mix for sure . 
  their band , cradle of christ , will spread the word of god through brutal riffs and sick drum solos . 
  `` neighbour country with utterly shit song nobody else likes : 12 points ! '', 
  of course it is : it 's eurovision . 
  why is the crucifix not upside down , though ? 
  that ai n't kvlt . 
  2011 called and they want their memes back . 
  only the eu deals in absolutes . 
  got my czars mixed up . 
  point is , the statue was never torn down . 
  no , but the finnish language was viewed as peasantly and people of importance were expected to be able to speak swedish . 
  actually the russians were pretty popular overlords until nikolai ii . 
  in fact the russians were so popular that even today there 's a bronze statue of emperor alexander ~ ~ i ~ ~ ii in the middle of the senate square in helsinki . 
  `` the pond '' is the gulf of bothnia . 
  `` this side of the pond '' is finland .
