so all the torrents i download are 100 % legal as well ? 
  yes , so ? 
  how is she selling out ? 
  she seems to being doing fine , right ? 
  at least if we look at the economy , social issues : not so good ... 
  no , most people are just saying that we should n't be assholes ... 
  what is going on in afghanistan ? 
  learn to cook , then open a quality greek restaurant in amsterdam . 
  it is impossible to find good greek food around here ... 
  can i say that the magna carta was important but has a slightly overrated place in history ? 
  are seen as nationalistic by our southern neighbors ? 
  the sovjets won the war , i think it is time to remember that , it does n't justify in any way their current action , but they should be remembered for it, 
  but there are also massive problems with representatives , primarily : they can do whatever they want until the next election . 
  therefor : liquid democracy, 
  there argument boiled down to : do you love your mother and your father ? 
  of course you do !, 
  so vote no !, 
  very disappoint that we are still not doing this ... short term thinking from the hague i guess . . 
  but still : 10x more people get killed in car accidents than in terrorists attacks , and it is not paranoid to think that governments might try to make small threats look bigger than they actually are ... 
  so the question is : is the leftish electorate out there ? 
  does this misrepresent country or is it in general just very christian , conservative and capitalist ? 
  satire ? 
  that does n't make their corruption measurements less reliably . 
  sadly , this is true ... 
  it all really depends , if there is democracy and you guys keep experiencing that sweet sweet long term economic growth ... that could really be helpful to us you know . 
  they are n't recognizing a government , they are recognizing a state , two very different things . 
  i think the point is not that they are not `` insane '' , but rather that calling it right wing is to simple , it is n't right wing anymore , it is just xenophobia and fascism-light , but not necessarily right wing ... 
  nothing ... he never was in government or something , it was just to attract attention , he said he would use these examples in his next campaign iirc . 
  i guess you figured out that it means member state ? 
  is it really that bad ? 
  i thought it looked alright . 
  the us supplies arms to rebel groups fighting isis , some of these weapons eventually end up in isis hands , that is not the same as supporting indirectly isis , it is an unfortunate consequence of arming any rebel group . 
  we are better than that, 
  trial him in absentia ? 
  i really do n't care , i said it should n't be controversial , that is all, 
  the right is going to say : immigration , the left will say : it is because france is the most active in fighting `` terrorism '' abroad , as they have troops throughout africa and bombers in syria , which one it is i do n't know, 
  is anyone else concerned that supporting trails for criminals is now all of the sudden a controversial thing ? 
  the main problem was the media censorship ( increase ) ahead of the election, 
  the problem is n't in `` rigging '' the election , but more in the relationship between the government and the media , or do you still think they might have won ? 
  turkey and russia are still distant family but no need to include them in the club, 
  you are n't joining anything , nobody is joining anything , it is a treaty on establishing relationships with ukraine , who is n't even joining yet ( and it is going to take plenty of time to stop them later if that is your goal ) . 
  well yes , the referendum is what is called `` corrective '' it is nonbinding and made to change a previous decision of the government, 
  supply and demand ? 
  this is so stupid , imagine you 're pro-refuge , even than you know that this is stupid too , it is creating unnecessary resentment against refugees, 
  `` vote yes , fight putin '' would be extremely effective , and not half deceitful as calling it an `` eu-referendum '', 
  which is stupid , end also terrible because all countries need to agree for the treaty to pass ... 
  read the post ... 
  why ? 
  the russian people did nothing wrong , their government just sucks ... 
  i study party politics as a sort of hobby , but i ca n't seem to find out whether there are any parties in turkey that do n't support the current 10 % limit , are there any ? 
  why ? 
  who said that there were n't any ? 
  and if election where held today , merkel should still have a massive margin of victory, 
  we can and we should , this 010 love is triggering me, 
  no threshold at all , most people argue that they are undemocratic, 
  nope , % of votes * 1.5 = seats, 
  silvio , slightly more insane and with first strike capabilities , what could possibly go wrong, 
  when in cet can we expect the election to be called ? 
  and concession speeches ? 
  did we reconquer luxenbourg and nobody told me ? 
  seems reasonable right ? 
  is this a problem for people ? 
  they could probably trade the position for some decent concessions, 
  `` no '' means , i will not needlessly do away with the dutch good international reputation, 
  by seemed to have referred to drone strikes in northern africa and syria , seems reasonable to me, 
  it is almost as if europe is one family !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ** federalize !, 
  i did n't know there was still an international force in kosovo , interesting, 
  minority governments are n't more unstable than / less effective than majority ones , the danish system is a good example of this, 
  why would n't it be possible for die linke to support a minority government of the sdp and greens ? 
  seems like a perfect solutions for everyone right ? 
  come to think of it : why does germany only ever have majority governments ? 
  `` witcher 4 '' :( (, 
  can we stop getting all angry every time some odd mp tries to get their name in the paper by proposing something rather extreme that will never actually become law ? 
  i agree , it is kind of sad to see that more and more people think that disagreement almost most mean that they are corrupt ... 
  probably because most of electorate would n't agree that outlawing it is sensible in the first place, 
  i agree , trump is a casual racist , he also does n't actually seems to care , wilders really embraced this stuff ... 
  definitely the best episode , apart from maybe the one about that key, 
  voterizer, 
  but ahead in almost all the polls ... 
  farage has some charm , a decent amount of intelligence and he can give you a semi-academic case for what he is talking about , his policies still suck , but wilders is far worse , he is more of a trump , idiotic , nonsensical , embracing discrimination and answering all interview questions like he is taking to a not so bright 5-years-old ... 
  apparently i am the only one who used to be obsessed with [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkrtbuinwou ), 
  if you look even more closely you might recognize a joke and an oddly specific reference, 
  and people say rome was n't build in a day ? 
  where is this positive spin ? 
  the last 5 years i have heard nothing but skepticism and negativity , from both the public as from the news ... 
  contact your doctor if your ode to joy lasts longer than 3 hours . 
  but then again so is secularism, 
  well technically we did n't give them anything , we loaned them stuff , we will never get it back , but still ... 
  what you see isn ' t the sea , it is a ( man-made ) lake, 
  turnout was higher in the second referendum and ireland got to keep the right to appoint a comisssioner , that is n't exactly a facade ... 
  was n't the treaty renegotiated after ireland voted no ? 
  sadly not all marriages between consenting adults are recognized throughout europe, 
   holland holland ?!? 
  yes , but i do think we collectively like to forget about about belgium 's light case of schizophrenia, 
  and luxembourg is belgium 's belgium, 
  do n't we also do so with belgium ? 
  belgium , together we stand strong in irrelevance we pretend not to like each other but we actually do, 
  i 'm skeptical , is it real ? 
  is it satire ?
