  my prediction : tories will gain a few seats and may will be forced to hold a speech claiming this was a huge victory tomorrow . 
  corbyn will stay as leader . 
  not saying it is likely but the uk party system now consists of three different party systems ( ni , scotland & the rest ) , seems increasingly likely that it will happen again in the future . 
  well there has been enough need for change ... just not a nice crisis to actually bring it about, 
  it will change , look at your own nation , got rid of it everywhere but westminster, 
  this has been true everywhere since forever and yet over the last century nearly every country in europe has moved to a more proportional system . 
  cant trust the electorate to rank the candidates in order ... seriously low bar here , it is is not like they would have gotten to vote directly on a geopoliticial issue with consequences for the next decades ... 
  apathy, 
  i think that the right balance is probably somewhere in between these , the rest of the tread seems a bit italy bashing , but i most say that i also think that after 10 years it is probably time for a change . 
  i happen to have noticed something similar this morning , [ the english page of the dutch-turkish diplomatic event displays mostly western leaders condemning the actions of turkey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_dutch%e2%80%93turkish_diplomatic_incident ) , [ whereas the turkish wiki only mentions countries in the region and their support for turkey . 
  will respond to the rest later , but :  agreed , i very much like the lack of party discipline in the ep . 
  but that 's actually another reason why i might favor presidentialism here - parliamentary systems tend to almost always have strong party discipline , while presidential ones do n't . 
  this is because legislatures in presidential systems are often elected through fptp systems , the only advantage of which is that there is sometimes low party discipline . 
  list system always have high discipline , why ? 
  because mep that fail to follow the party line will simply disappear from the list next election around . 
  the national parties authority over who is on the list helps maintain the current low party discipline , replacing it completely with eu wide lists would avoid this , and make sure that pan-european party leaders have much higher control over their meps . 
  this obviously gets you into a discussion about open vs closed lists , but i would argue that even open list system still have way to high party discipline , also that open lists for a 750 member parliament is a bit unfeasible , ballots would be huge and nobody would be able to know everyone on the list , even of one party . 
  i doubt that this will continue to be true if the power of the ep grows , in the us we clearly see that the election of representatives is focused on national issues , and that over time local parties aligned with federal ones . 
  and as i said in my other post another solution would be to have a large portion of the ep elected by pan-european lists , these would make sure that there would be focus on the spitzenkandidaat everywhere , because everyone would be able to vote for one . 
  making the eu parties stronger might also increase party-discipline , which in my opinion should be avoided as it makes mep the agent of their party leadership , instead of the other way around . 
  personally i think the same can be accomplished by electing a part of the ep under a pan-european list , this would make sure that a portion of the mep is elected by a eu wide electorate , ensuring less reliance on local or national issues , and it would give all eu citizens the options to vote for the spitzenkandidate of their choice ( who would presumably run on the eu wide list , this could of course also be mandated if necessary ) . 
  i would also contest your point about the rest of the commission , experience from the us senate tells us that this does not decrease divisiveness , especially if the right to suggest commissioners was transferred to the president of the commission , which would in my opinion be necessary to decrease the influence of the member states on the commission . 
  personally i would like the commission reduced in size anyway ( or removing its size from the treaties ) and make it a proper cabinet , but this is a different story . 
  directly elected executive also lead to further consolidation of two or three party systems , as voters tend to vote only for parties in legislative elections that have a feasible shot at winning the presidential election too , an eu president would also have to be elected either by two-round system , or by fptp ( or more alternative voting systems like aproval voting , but i do n't see that going anywhere any-time soon ) , as more democratic ( from the perspective of smaller parties ) systems like av/stv would simply be to costly and time-consuming to operate in the entire eu . 
  that being said i am starting to think that an elected ceremonial president , as often found in parliamentary republics , might be a good idea for europe , it would provide some of the democratic and legitimization elements you just discussed , without compromising parliamentary democracy . 
  in terms of realism and feasibility i think it would be wise to move to a system with perfect bicameralism , like in italy , where the commission is dependent on both the houses of parliament ( arguable this is already the case in practise , but it would have to be enshrined in the treaties in my opinion ) . 
  this , combined with the right to initiate legislation and pan-european lists are both feasible and would make great progress towards a truly democratic union . 
  edit : also , in my opinion we would make progress if the eurogroup was replaced / complemented by the commission of the ep which would oversee a euro-budget and euro-minister of finance , in my opinion this subsample of the ep would have to include all euro-mep , but other smaller configurations are also possible ofcourse . 
  edit edit : i would also just add that us senate was / is a body extremely driven by finding consensus among its members , not that different from the council , but this seems not to have helped limit the influence of a executive that has simply grown to powerful . 
  and lastly i would point to the admittedly extremely controversial link between presidential systems and their tendency to authoritarianism , i am not sure what to think about this hypothesis , but i do believe that we most be extremely careful in designing this continent wide government , and if there is even a risk of presidential systems being more pre-configured for authoritarianism then i think that alone would be an extra reason for avoiding it . 
  fptp is already banned for ep elections , with the odd exception of the german-speaking belgium region . 
  but the council remains un-transparent in its procedure and to strong if compared to the parliament . 
  true , but usually systems with weak presidents are classified as parliamentary systems because they also have a prime-minster ( or equivalent , like a chancellor or toaiseach ) that leads the daily affairs of the government and is responsible to the parliament . 
  [ more here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_system#characteristics ) just to add : it might actually be an idea to also have an eu president , even if there also is an prime-minister , a ceremonial president , if well liked , might help a bit to keep the country unified . 
  this , presidential systems would be terrible in such a large continental federation , we need the compromise and deliberation that multi-party parliamentary systems can bring . 
  what ? 
  cameron resigned and a new executive was appointed , this would have been no different in a presidential system . 
  furthermore , the ep is fundamentally a multi-party institution , so a possible prime minister would have to win support of a variety of different parties to get elected , no party could just hold an internal election and make sure that the winner would become the next mp . 
  you posted this twice, 
  why would n't proper parliamentary government solve this too ? 
  then you simply elect the prime minister through electing your representatives , seems equally democratic and the accepted standard in almost all of europe . 
  as long as the senate is elected by the national government / parliaments i am more than fine with this , we need an unelected senate or council to keep the eu in check , non of us want the eu involved in every tiny little bit of policy making , and having a body there to control its size will be helpful , it also worked well in the us until the 17th amendment . 
  also , i think most of would like to see a european prime minister instead of a president , accountable to the parliament and possibly the senate / council too . 
  some of their votes are non binding but the ep has a big influence on legislation for decades now, 
  there are obviously exceptions , but in general the building that houses that legislature is revered to by the name of that legislature , regardless of its historical function . 
  but i feel like we are not going to get any agreement here . 
  why ? 
  what is wrong with calling the building bundestag now , and writing in the history books that it was formally called the reichstag when it still housed the reichstag ? 
  has n't this happened to hundreds of palaces and parliaments ? 
  well yes , but not here is no longer a reichstag , and there is a bundestag , and these sorts of buildings are usually revered to by the name of the institution they house , so i would say that renaming it would make sense . 
  interesting , why was n't the building not renamed ? 
  also i guess that she is still looking down on the institution, 
  i laughed because it is true . 
  he also comes with a nice castle , nicely located away from the usual politicking in berlin , so there would be no need to build any of those . 
  i meant house the bureaucracy supporting the chancellor , the chancellor as an institution if you will , what do all these 590 people do ? 
  this is bs , denk is in no way directly linked to the akp , not saying it a good party but it should be fought for fair reasons . 
  [ personally i really like the looks of the building from the outside . 
  ] ( http://www.absofacts2.com/gif/fnl/zuid-holland/torentje-den-haag-im000994.jpg ) the building is directly connected to the buildings of the parliament . 
  i like it , but is n't it a bit big for just housing the chancellor ? 
  does the cabinet meet there ? 
  does it house any ministeries ? 
  i like how she looks down just a little on most of the bundeling , most be a nice view . 
  e : bundestag obviously ... 
  also , lets please not import this : `` oh yeah so it would have been better under hillary '' idiocy , not everything is about presidential elections , there are ideological differences among supporters , and you can criticize one without supporting the other ... 
  the nuance here is that this is mostly about programs that are advertised as dutch language based , but use a lot of english literature anyway even though sound dutch alternatives are available . 
  nobody apparently wants to form a government ... 
  instead it seems we will be challenging the belgian record for longest government formation !, 
  take that neder-dutch !, 
  and i always thought that the n-va was relatively civil ... 
  well i guess we should try and find out ... 
  i thought luxembourg only had `` institutions '' , but it appears that you are right . 
  but that makes a certain amount of sense , malta and luxenbourg should n't get agencies before some of the larger member states get their second . 
  well til we had desert in the first place ... 
  well in my opinion they are just regular humans , but they face enormous pressure to act a certain way , so that is what they do . 
  you ca n't really expect the chancellor of germany to do something for france unemployment for its own sake , she has her own constituency and people to care for first , and people would be ( justifiably ) outraged when she would prioritize french interests over her own countries , but non of this means she does not care . 
  yes , it will counter populism , so what ? 
  what there does make you care that she does not care on a personal level ? 
  politicians are supposed to deal with abstractions , it is their job , but that does not mean that they do n't care about people at all . 
  what here leads you to think she does not care ? 
  that would be great news , would n't mind trading the ema and some other ( new ? ), 
  agency for an end to this idiotic 2 parliaments thing , it is just bad optics . 
  and this is exactly the way it should be, 
  neoliberal is just a term anyone can use to talk about anything they do n't like ... 
  do n't you know that all gay people care about is sex !, 
  interesting , the architecture looks so northern-european , i did n't expect that . 
  well as you apparently know it is still there ... 
  i think purge is the world they were looking for here . . 
  but seriously , there really are different levels of terribleness in populist , we should n't fall for a false equivalency . 
  and of course the swiss person is thinking about the suit :p, 
  deleting the source is n't going to make the point invalid  yes `` our '' stance is that it is an illegal invasion , it helps that is was also in reality an illegal invasion ... what is described above it is a detailed analysis of the russian defense of the invasion , which claims that it was legal under russian law , but as i said , that is a low bar , it is a bit like saying that the anschluss was legal ... 
  they might be legal under russian law , which is a pretty low bar ... 
  i am sure that most conquest of foreign territory is legal under domestic law , that does not make it a good thing or legal under international law . 
  and what is to stop them from making similar justification for invading the baltics or finland ? 
  the baltics were once part of the ussr , does that make it justifiable to take them back ? 
  even the article you send me says this :  it appears that these actions were conducted in violation of major international law principles and russian national legislation . 
  by siding with the separatists , russia automatically became a party to the conflict and made it impossible for itself to be an arbiter or a peacekeeper in this conflict , thereby decreasing its role in future negotiations on the status of these provinces . 
  [ 56 ] treaties signed by russia with separatist provinces can not be recognized because these territories are not recognized as states , which may make russian activities aimed at fulfilling russia 's obligations under these treaties illegal . 
  russia 's military deployed in the regions may be recognized as an occupational force and russia may be forced to withdraw its armed forces from the territory of georgia . 
  russia has already invaded two country on its borders , what is supposed to stop another one ?
