  shame it refers to us here ... 
  i like it !, 
  but it most be noted that groningen is not a metropolis , i on principle deny the existence of any dutch cities north of amsterdam . 
  great is a bit to much i think , the sentiment is in my opinion more like : `` pretty good '', 
  is n't there also a thing in every french school acknowledging the holocaust and that it could n't have happened without french police helping the germans ? 
  or something in that direction ? 
  nobody believes in generation guilt but remembering what went wrong is important to make sure the same mistakes are not repeated , germany has done an excellent job in that regard and that is why it is troubling to see the afd move away from it . 
  you are right of course , germany went further than anyone else ( although you might argue that their crimes also went further than any other ) , it just struck me as especially strange to claim that no other countries has monuments for its moments of shame . 
  [ reuters article in english ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-afd-iduskbn1521h3?utm_campaign=trueanthem:+trending+content&amp;utm_content=587f60f904d3010fc7ed9da6&amp;utm_medium=trueanthem&amp;utm_source=twitter ) `` germans are the only people in the world who plant a monument of shame in the capital , '' - bjoern hoecke , the afd 's leader in the eastern state of thuringia yes of course , because all those slavery monuments in capitals throughout the world are there because we are so proud of selling humans as property ... 
  so much for afd moderating its tone ... 
  all friendly countries spy on each other edit : okay maybe not all , i doubt andorra is spying on france , but the point is that they would if they had the ability to do so, 
  so ... . how are we doing with that european military integration ? 
  can we speed it up a little ? 
  is this real ? 
  was this in the nazi-bundestag ? 
  you have to admit , it looks fucking amazing ... and terrifying ... 
  i hope this is not something you regularly check ? 
  israel really is doing a great job then are n't they ? 
  remain the only country in the middle east without any oil ... 
  please take your anti-semitism elsewhere, 
  why belgium though ? 
  [ i suppose that that is fair ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terminology_of_the_low_countries#low_in_relation_to_high ), 
  holland ?!? 
  0_0 also : is this adjusted for living standard / wages / other prices ? 
  and the conflict with the libyans continues i see ? 
  were exactly is this tiny bit of russia ? 
  what exactly did we and the swiss do wrong ? 
  :( i thought you liked us !, 
  yes !, 
  helping your community and eternal glory !, 
  i had almost forgotten how crazy these guys were ... 
  this got imperial fast , even for r/europe standards, 
  cover up that racism by blaming the french , solid strategy !, 
  i think everyone already was tired of this , tired since the first terrorist attack they remember possibly ... 
  i like his argument of balancing the rule of law , democracy and human rights , so true and so easily forgotten , also : notice the extremely subtile dig at the british and their resistance to the high courts ruling . 
  they do , in fact , rotate, 
  and win because they are the outsiders ... 
  he should never have said that he would resign , it is a shame , another stable government is leaving the scene ... 
  i am really not sure what to think about that sub ... 
  star shape was advantages at the time , so they were build that way anywhere where the terrain would allow for it, 
  well the obvious reason is that i do n't have clear some guides for reddit comments , but yes , there are similar parties throughout europe . 
  i guess b it is also because the left sounds silly , but die linke sounds awesome to me, 
  why do the greens approve so much ? 
  is it just the push for more green energy and the phasing out of nuclear ? 
  she will likely win , but the question is who will work with her ? 
  the sdp again ? 
  greens ? 
  is the afd still untouchable in the german political system ? 
  will be interesting to see if sdp - greens - linke will be moving to work together in the next parliament, 
  her term is limited by the parliament , they can send her home at any time they like , it is also not like her party has an absolute majority , they constantly have to work together with other parties to remain in power . 
  right now they have a majority , but if the afd and the fdp are represented in the next parliament that might no longer be the case, 
  the swiss parliament is just so cute ... not necessarily more beautiful than other european parliaments , but so much more cuter, 
  these are the arguments that are made by my national government , of course they adopt a national perspective , it is their job . 
  because they are think it will effect the country negatively , and it likely will , we trade a huge amount with the rest of the world and the economy of a few of our largest cities are completely dependent on this , further protectionism will make this a lot harder . 
  people are really concerned about this in my country ( the netherlands ) , they fear that the french german alliance will continue integration ( they are in principle fine with this ) , without further increasing democratization ( which they are not really all that fine with ) , and increase european protectionism ( which they are very afraid off ) . 
  some rules are made by unelected officials , this is true for all modern democracies . 
  if the uk did not know what it got into then it was sort of their own fault , all the treaty changes that brought this about required unanimous approval . 
  and of course they are at their full right to bow out now , they just ca n't expect to keep all full perks membership brought them , that does not seem unreasonable . 
  is n't that more your councils responsibility anyway ? 
  everyone has full autonomy to join or leave , but once your in the club , you better follow the rules . 
  the uk is not a founding state , it negotiated these opt-outs and others extra perks over decade once it got in . 
  and davis is at the same time being named a possible replacement for may , which would further complicate the negotiations . 
  i thought tunisia was especially good actually, 
  if all the theocracies were this small i would be fine with them, 
  sadly this is almost always true for electoral reform , i do n't speak french so i have not been able to look at any of the proposals made thus far , but i would expect a move towards av/stv-style voting , since it benefits centrists parties , especially in single member districts . 
  i am wrong an i am sorry . 
  it is going to be fine , they might reform the constitution to make the electoral systems a bit more proportional , but they courts will constrain them , also : i think party discipline will be low in lrem , half of these people had others careers they can return to , the prospect of losing their jobs might not be all that bad for them . 
  in that case i think we can literally all agree that this is a good thing ... 
  oh absolutely , once the left bounces back a little bit more , a pm corbyn would have helped them a lot i think , but it is just a matter of time . 
  this is not really something to worry about in my opinion , their europe stance will be moderated by their likely coalition partners . 
  interesting , you would say that finding qualified , sensible parliamentary candidates is equally important as finding presidential candidates . 
  also rather sad that they decline is just for their own lack of effort , but you know : i will take it . 
  personally i already think that those are a bit radical , i also think that there position on europe would qualify ( these are the guys that blocked the constitution ) . 
  ca n't seem to find any actual results on a district by district basis ... where could i find one ? 
  preferably english but french will do too . 
  well ... sp is a lot more left wing than schulz , a closer equivalent would be die linke i think . 
  predictable result ? 
  the polls indicated it would be landslide-ish, 
  elected by a college of locally elected leaders , of which rem has almost non . 
  watching france24 english you would think that rem has already won ... 
  this is the first round , little is set in stone yet and people still need to turn out in the second round to either assure an rem victory , or oppose it , depending on your political beliefs . 
  e : any speculation about what happened to the fn vote ? 
  especially compared to the presidential vote ? 
  did le pen successfully distance herself from her own party or is something else going on ? 
  downvotes ? 
  for suggesting people vote for their political preferences ? 
  it is strange ( and good ) that i did not know any of this , but you appear to be true , the right has no kids ( except for the the religious right ) and the center and left do have kids mostly . 
  liberals lost power for almost a century and when they finally came back it was this conservative fake liberal ... 
  but still worth the trade in my opinion, 
  why is it relevant that it is only in europe ? 
  most continental european states already have reasonable electoral systems , not all that much change is necessary there . 
  most states that are new democracies in eastern-europe also have okay electoral systems since they ( re ) gained independence . 
  i am also not saying that we should say that it is good , we should call out the things that are actually bad , but not be defeatist about the possibility of change . 
  new zeeland did it in the last decade , italy changed things recently too , referenda were held in the uk and italy again , france , canada and one of their provinces might soon change electoral system too , i really do n't think that this argument holds . 
  i also think that this defeatism does not really help anyone , we should not give up on these goals , even if they seem out of reach for now . 
  e : maine also recently changed this , although it has faced some constitutional difficulties . 
  it is endlessly better than the current system though , especially if you want to maintain one mp per constituency , a principle that is apparently popular in the uk , although i do not understand why . 
  i would not say so , why would you think that ? 
  would you have received the same courtesy though ? 
  it is so european that the first comment under this article is something random about including russia in the eu,
