  also : ukraine is already a member state ? 
  as i understand it this would be hard but certainly not impossible, 
  interesting , how successful is the system in maintaining some local control ? 
  okay ? 
  but what does that have to do with my question ? 
  not sure by i presume it is to make sure these are not influencing the results , if preliminary results were leaked it might increase the amount of strategic voting, 
  it is not supposed to be objective , it is an essay / opinion of the author , also : it is relatively positive about denmark right ? 
  so austrians , let me ask you something unrelated : what is up with the semi-federal business you have going on ? 
  why is that ? 
  country is relatively homogeneous and not all that big right ? 
   introducing proportional votes on economic topics what does this mean ? 
  the presidency is mostly ceremonial ( by traditions , not by according to the law ) , so the changes will probably be limited . 
  wait ? 
  i 'm not very aware turkish politics , but mhp is nationalist and right wing and hdp is kurdish , left and progressive right , correct ? 
  chp is the turkish version of a european social democratic party , so why is chp - hdp crazy ? 
  unless it is for your mom of course !, 
  there is hope for you yet !, 
  some say integration has failed but i have seen people make remarkable recoveries when they reach the randstad !, 
  i could not agree more , but why end at markermeer ... 
  this battle will never end will it ? 
  well it seems like that matter is entirely your own decision !, 
  these days anyway ... 
  how many do you get a year from now on ? 
  might sound interesting but i do n't want to receive to much spam . 
  it is not like these are the only classes give there , and how do you know it is indoctrination ? 
  personally i have taken a few courses with names like these and they have done a great job of teaching the controversy . 
  having senators directly elected would do away with the protections of member states , the council is messy , but it is necessary to make sure the eu does not become to big . 
  and against eu law ... 
  so we will see, 
  as an expert on the topic i can tell you that it appears to be lacking completely here . 
  good to see that `` nedernazidraad '' is now a tag , sadly we will probably need it ... 
  so who is the fascist now ... 
  bunch of children ... 
  silence !, 
  kill this heretic !, 
  kuzu has nothing on our glorious bread politician !, 
  but d66 can blow the whole thing up if they do not like working with all these conservative parties , cda + cu is probably really to much for them . 
  alternatively they could support it as a minority government , which is probably more likely . 
  could not agree more , i really hope that d66 will focus on non-material issues in a coalition formation , privacy is unbelievably important , especially these days . 
  i know i know they are `` okay '' but i had resigned to accepting that the vvd would win getting the cda too is a bit of an disappointment , and as a progressive i would rather see them work with d66 , gl , pvda , ect . 
  brief , excellent , analysis of the problem here : http://stukroodvlees.nl/drie-coalitie-opties-op-basis-van-exit-polls/ they see it the other way around : cda or d66 have to agree on coalition partner , and there is an alternative : prime minister buma or pechtold , but the pvda probably does n't really feel like doing this, 
  certainly not center-right , either center or center-left . 
  e : and very progressive of course !, 
  the sp fucked up when they said they would not work with the vvd ... major mistake in my opinion ... also : d66 is reasonably left wing, 
  first of all : ohyeah !, 
  secondly : sadly a coalition without the cda seems sort of unavoidable , but hopefully we will now see vvd + cda + d66 + gl , and we can get to work fixing our climate problems ... 
  ahhh what a shame , no finland is kind of hopeless :p, 
  are you in belgium ? 
  have you seen any campaigning ? 
  i heard some `` party-people '' say they might want expend their campaign effort just across the boarder , they said that the turnout was low there but that they could determine as many as 3 seats . 
  d66 is strong on climate and energy , i would prefer working with gl of course but if we have to this would be acceptable . 
  yes , but there could be a substantial margin of error , at midnight we should have some idea of the eventual `` winner '', 
  this seems much more efficient and accessible , as long as it is accompanied by party lists at every booth of course . 
  mostly houseboats , either of the fixed variety , or people actually living on moveable boats . 
  also : sea-platforms in the north sea, 
  this is bullshit , it did n't get voted out by `` all the major parties '' it got voted out by the right-wing , all left-wing parties , establishment or not , voted for it . 
  swamps and mountains remain unpopular, 
  but i am guessing that the presidents of these institutions are never confused with the president of germany itself , which does happen in the eu . 
  no it remains flawed , but i think that it will be a necessary simplification for most people . 
  also : non-executive presidents are almost always similar to functions like chair or speaker , unless they are from the parliamentary republican variety , in which case they still fulfill a limited executive function . 
  in my opinion it is beautiful, 
  i realize there are some translation issues , but it would just make it so much more clear for most people from language where this is not the case to understand the eu if they at least understood that the ( president of the ) commission is where all the executive power is . 
  interesting sub-regions . 
  why are all iraqi regions shown ? 
  why not just iraqi kurdistan ? 
  why , oh why is it called the eu president ? 
  we should reduce the amount of presidents in the eu , starting with renaming the president of the council and of the parliament , my preference would be renaming them to chair of the council / parliament , but terms like speaker work too . 
  my glorious hamburgian republic was taken in the second round when i was n't there :( you will feel my revenge lubeck and future hanover ... 
  i guess they think it is not going to happen , or even more likely : they do ask but it does not show up in info-graphics such as these, 
  because those are all less likely outcomes than le pen vs fillon / marcon right now ? 
  is there anywhere i can you what the game looks like now ? 
  hey !, 
  sadly i ( munster ) wo n't be able to make it today but i was wondering : would it be possible to join next week ? 
  i imagine my country will no longer exist by then , but it would be great to join any nation that is still there , the problem is : how will we find out which are left ? 
  thanks !, 
  also : speedy !, 
  this might be a stupid question , but we are probably starting this week right ? 
  i would love to reserve m\u00fcnster !, 
  it is still available right ? 
  picked it after a lot of crl+f - ing, 
  which is probably why it is even more annoying to dutch people too, 
  so who is in the running to replace him ? 
  ireland and alabama came up , it was inevitable, 
  poland i am disappointed in you !, 
  except for anything anti-muslim of course, 
  epp getting all the honor ... 
  seriously i spread my support for refugees and the eu anyway , where can i sign up to be payed for it ? 
  we define trying as actually being in government ? 
  because corbyn is n't all that different and does n't appear to be that successful at the moment , which is want i meant when i thought it would be ineffective . 
  what is the alternative though ? 
  going far left ? 
  that has n't really proven effective against the far-right either has it ? 
  i never said i want him to win , i want those two in the second round . 
  the point of which is that i mostly want anyone but le pen in the second round, 
  lets hope so ... hamon vs le pen might not be ... even though that is unlikely at the moment, 
  that was his approval rating i think , important of course but not an actual poll of how he would do against the other candidates, 
  i have n't seen any polling data since after the scandal ( scandals ? 
  we will see ) , but no , recent events have not increased my optimism ... 
  hopefully this will cause moderate ps voters to pick macron over their own party , part of me is still hopeful that we might see macron vs fillon, 
  the consortium is an amazing name for a sort of dystopian imperial authority , i like the sound of it .
