wonder what happens when the first waves of climate refugees arrive . 
  `` yeah , sorry we fucked up your climate . 
  have fun being sent back . 
  tough luck . '', 
  it 's definitley an academic piece of work . 
  best decide yourself . 
  you can take a look inside on amazon.com : http://www.amazon.com/when-titans-clashed-stopped-studies/dp/0700608990/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1402411206&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=when+titans+clashed, 
  i can recommend * when titans clashed : how the red army stopped hitler * by david m. glantz for anyone that wants to read a good ( in-depth ) book about the topic ,, 
  in germany it 's possible on the state level ( bavaria , for example , removed tuition fees after a referendum ) , not on the state level , though . 
  well , it 's actually not that easy . 
  germany certainly did n't start the war , but germany would 've had the power to stop it -- probably more than many other countries . 
  at least the spd members signed their own downfall and can not blame anyone else . 
  legally it 'd be fine , but at i think most people still would be a little bit confused . 
  most teens change a lot between the age of 16 and 21 , and in my experience ( at the moment , i work with pupils on an almost daily basis ) 16 and 21 is either the result of a real adult 16-year-old ( not so likely ) or a childish 21-year-old . 
  not to offend anyone ( i 'm sure there are cases where it 's totally fine and works out ) but most people probably think the 21-year-old should look for someone in his / her age range . 
  what i see is a lot of right-wing populism , love for law-and-order policies , cultural protectionism and we against them attitudes . 
  ( and yes , all this is hidden behind the true statement that , in this case , something needs to be done . 
  but i ca n't just look over the obvious political motivations many of these users seem to have ), 
  the comments under that article let me lose my faith in mankind . 
  originally the idea was that an academic should know latin . 
  this is a remnant of this idea . 
  it 's also a prerequisite for some subjects at university . 
  another argument is that latin greatly improves understanding grammatical and syntactical structure , thus improving the pupils understanding of german and other foreign languages . 
  to answer your question , though , latin is not considered a spoken language . 
  one of my best buddies is a policemen in munich . 
  according to him it 's the funniest and most exhausting time of the year . 
  i do n't know . 
  becks , probably ? 
   to get `` beat up '' during a demonstration you actually have to engage in some form of misconduct already . 
  yeah , like standing in the wrong spot . 
  at least you know the guys face and he does n't look like one hundred others . 
  because the respective claim would be that there is a systematic problem with immigrants ' delinquency . 
  which , yes , i would agree on ; i would just draw other conclusions ( and consequences ) from it than a right-winger would . 
  i strongly disagree that in cases of violence the global average should determine what is ok and what is not ok . also , i never said that the police in germany is bad , only that there 's a problem . 
  i also think that most german teachers are quite good , does n't change that there 's a systematic problem with lazy people getting in the job . 
  i really do n't get why people get so defensive about the accusation . 
  if you 're a cop and not a part of the problem , good on you , keep up the good work . 
   where did you read that i called you a leftist that hates police ? 
  i called you out on your perspective of police brutality , not your political stance . 
  projecting much ? 
  sorry , actually misread that sentence . 
  read `` that you have been to some places '' . 
  my bad . 
   it 's also not a reason to call our police force things they are n't . 
  what you are trying to prove here is far faaaar from police brutality and the proof is pretty clear if you have been to some places . 
  that 's all i am saying . 
  oh , the inevitable ad hominem labelling me as leftist demonstrant who hates the police . 
  could n't be farer from the truth . 
   it 's not like in the u.s where some shady shit is coming to light now or in russia where you can pay a police officer to revoke your ticket for parking on a disabled/fire brigade spot . 
  or when you get beaten the shit out of you if you piss them off a bit too much in either country . 
  `` it 's worse somehwere else . 
  stop complaining . '', 
  i 'd rather not to , but it 's something that always comes up in these discussions . 
  nsa is worse , stop complaining . 
  corruption ? 
  worse somewhere else , stop complaining . 
  racism ? 
  worse somewhere else , stop complaining . 
  poverty ? 
  worse somewhere else , stop complaining . 
  police ? 
  worse somewhere else , stop complaining . 
  my point is exactly that : it does n't matter what the situation somewhere else is . 
   people are lacking actual perspective . 
  nsa is worse , stop complaining . 
  corruption ? 
  worse somewhere else , stop complaining . 
  racism ? 
  worse somewhere else , stop complaining . 
  poverty ? 
  worse somewhere else , stop complaining . 
  i 'd like to think that an emancipated citizen does more than that . 
   sure , police here is n't perfect but if you want to see actual police brutality , travel the world a bit and then reevaluate your stance . 
  see , i do n't disagree that it 's worse somewhere else . 
  but that 's no reason to stop demanding improvements . 
   in germany , the police are at least held accountable . 
  yeah , ~ ~ most of the time . ~ ~ sometimes . 
   unhealthy amount there definitly are cases were other cops did n't want to testify , so they could protect their colleagues . 
  how would you prove a systematic problem ? 
  i 'd say a big amount of `` isolated cases '' may be , while not proof , at least a good indicator . 
  yeah , isolated cases . 
  as always , of course . 
  honestly , i 'd rather save myself the time . 
  just because it 's not as bad as in the us does n't mean it 's not a problem . 
  to his defense : i brought the us up . 
  why ? 
  because - at least in germany - there 's this strange idea of ` well , it has to be ok here , because it 's not as bad as in the states ' . 
  honestly , i think you lot are quit a bit more advanced than we are . 
  critiquing the police almost immediately labels you as a left-wing activist in germany which does n't seem to be the case in the us . 
  not gon na judge , but if you have n't at least heard about it , you 're obviously not really interested in the topic . 
  we 'd be happy with identification numbers during demos . 
  at the moment there 's nothing you can do if you get beaten up by a someone in a police uniform during a demonstration . 
  no , there is a problem because while this case is extreme , excessive brutality is far from an isolated problem . 
   reporting him . 
  he got reported by two cops for it . 
  and now the police is activly looking for more victims of his . 
  also the chief of criminal police has personally condemned him and called for his prosecution . 
  two reported him . 
  all that stuff apparantly happend last year . 
  he allegedly also threatened other cops with his gun .
