  i can see your pov . 
  of course i ca n't compare the portuguese league with the big three/four in europe . 
  but if you think that portugal has 10millions of habitants and similar countries like holland , belgium , greece or bigger countries like turkey/france/russia do n't enjoy the same success in the last ten years , i think that portugal has a pretty important league by these standards . 
  but the european cup format was a lot easier than the champions league format . 
  but besides that , i agree with your opinion but i would rate the portuguese league a level higher than holland at least . 
  i have no doubts that porto and benfica would cruise in the dutch league because of it 's craziness of attacking football . 
  for example , the portuguese national team almost always wins the dutch nt . 
  but i think ajax would have many difficulties playing against small teams that park the bus in every other game and play in small pitches . 
  it 's called that way because the nickname of porto is ` the dragons ' . 
  it 's in the top of our symbol . 
  v\u00edtor pereira is not an avb or a mourinho , but without proper wingers , a substitute striker and a young promise to play in the no . 
  10 position , what would you want him to do ? 
  welcome aboard !, 
  next saturday at 20:30 gmt dress in blue and white and start getting nervous ... because it will be the game of the xxi century in portugal !, 
  i do n't like that too . 
  but in the management of the games , i can point some errors but in overall , with pereira in charge , we only lost one game on the league . 
  against gil vicente without fernando and with a very poor performance of the referee . 
  you 're right . 
  but you can add sc braga has a important contender around these days . 
  probably it will be soares dias . 
  do n't worry . 
  my favorite color is vermelho ( not encarnado as the pussies from lisbon say ) and i always thought that eagles are pretty awesome because of the quantity of empires that adopted eagles as their symbol . 
  came here to say this . 
  what a fucking cunt . 
  in every game , he behaves like if he was a pitbull playing against 11 pieces of meat . 
  as a portuguese ... these is beyond awesome !, 
  the funny thing isthat , even today , when trying to translate our popular sayings , some people will say some phrases like on this book . 
  thanks so much for this write-up !, 
  i did erasmus in poznan so i 'll support lech of course . 
  so much passion that those guys over the game !, 
  i would go for him or for madjer/futre . 
  i still do n't understand how atl\u00e9tico was the only interested in sign him to porto . 
  he should be playing in champions league semi-finals/finals , not in copa del rey . 
  but but ... i saw benfica partying !, 
  but but ... i saw benfica partying !, 
  * o jogo * is the best source related with porto . 
  normally , when they publish an article related to transfers , it 's usually right . 
  so i guess it 's a done deal . 
  i 'm sad to see them go there . 
  moutinho is a world class player , and i firmly believe he would be first choice in every team on the planet ( except barcelona and bayern ) . 
  i wanted to see him playing every week against the best players in the world , not in a league that ca n't have better results in europe than the portuguese league . 
  but he is getting older and pinto da costa is a ruthless negotiator ... so he will make the big contract of his life . 
  for james , i do n't understand why he would want to go there . 
  he is young and has at least 10 more years playing high quality football . 
  i hope he can achieve all the potential he has , but i kinda have a feeling that he will be like anderson when he moved to mufc . 
  he had a not-so-good season because of the injuries and i would like him to stay one more season to be our maestro for the next season , in a central midfielder role . 
  i never heard about this . 
  thank you !, 
  also confirmed on the monaco website :, 
  girls, 
  karma is fucked up . 
  ( and i 'm not referring to upvotes/downvotes ) . 
  jesus only got what he deserved after a season of downplaying his opponents and overrating of his team . 
  i love it !, 
  one of the bad things of our business model is the high comissions that we need to pay to agents and shady funds to secure players ... a lot of money is lost that way . 
  the rest of the money is used in our annual budget . 
  our annual budget is around $ 100m . 
  $ 22m is tv rights , $ 10m-15m is from champions league and i do n't have figures for the other components of the revenue ... but to maintain that budget , we need to make profits around 20m-30m every year . 
  and of course there are players that never get to turn a profit . 
  walter for example costed us $ 6m , we 'll never get that back . 
  same thing for kleber , prediguer , tom\u00e1s costa , etc. 
  my bad , i guess i did n't explain correctly . 
  when i talked about profits , i was referring to the difference between the amount received for the sale of players and the amount spent in new players . 
  so , from the total amount we spend every year to maintain our budget , $ 20m to $ 30m needs to come from this positive balance in transfers . 
  without these big sales every year , our club incurs in a big financial loss . 
  we have a stadium with less than 10years and capacity for 52,000 people . 
  and quite beautiful . 
  expanding the revenue it 's not easy . 
  one thing is to play in a major league , other is to play in a league that currently only has two interesting games per season ( benfica vs porto and porto vs benfica ) . 
  also , add to that the economic crisis in portugal and it 's easy to see how these players sales are so important . 
  dat two goals against man utd < 3, 
  i loved this guy , mainly because of cm 203/2004 and pes 4/5/6 . 
  i remember a game against my team where he totally destroyed us with an hat-trick . 
  such a shame that he lost himself like so many other players , with drugs and alcohol . 
  it happened on my save with porto too !, 
  but he is the best gk in the world ... 
  in portugal too !, 
  i love your nick !, 
  upvote for a naifa !, 
  yes it 's o fen\u00f3meno . 
  and bernard please . 
  with moutinho , that list would be a little bit different . 
  i would say that jackson could be a good contestant for the technique spot . 
  i agree with the rest but i would add maicon to the workrate too . 
  came here expecting to see this as the top comment , i 'm not even mad : /, 
  soooooooo difficult !, 
  at least you got $ 15m . 
  not bad :d, 
  the level of despair and delusion is too damn high in your head . 
  source please ? 
  i find very difficult to believe in it ( at least in my country ) . 
  pauleta was only good to score against weak opponents ... and poland . 
  ronaldo 's top 10 of unfairly disallowed goals or balls in the bar/post would be something remarkable . 
  i really like a naifa . 
  try to listen to some songs !, 
  relevante . 
  last player that made me so excited when came to us was anderson !, 
  generally this . 
  we have to think : do we want our league to be closer to the spanish league or to the premier league/bundesliga ? 
  the current state of affairs is transforming our league into a shitty version of the spanish league .
