  for god 's sake , i 've changed and tested almost every option available ( disabling direct play in the preferences in xbox was the first one of course ) and still i ca n't see a little subtitle on the 360 . 
  mate , i was in poland in erasmus and i can surely say that it 's easier in poland to hook up with a 9/10 girl than in portugal hook up with a mid-average girl . 
  how can i say that ? 
  i poland you can perfectly hook up with pretty girls 3/4times a week . 
  in portugal if you hook up with different nice girl a month you will be considered a ` very good player ' amongst other men . 
  i do n't know your age but if you are in 20 's range , the easiest way to hook up in portugal is in college related parties . 
  from the girls i know , this parties are the only times that they consume more alcohol and are more ` open ' to have an adventure . 
  portuguese woman do n't appreciate booze very much ( still baffles me how polish girls would know more about wine than any portuguese girl that i know ) and the overwhelming majority will only drink for the side effects connected to alcohol . 
  i strongly advise against trying to pickup in the nightclubs cause , unlike every other european country that i visited , in portuguese nightclubs people do n't really dance : they only swing their body at the sound of music but generally avoiding contact with the others . 
  and without contact , your task becomes much more difficult . 
  porto winning the cl 2014 final in benfica 's stadium against ... benfica . 
  i still wait for the fucking day when we will meet defeat them in a competition . 
  after beating them , winning the trophy will be peanuts . 
  fuck you . 
  exemplo , uns ray-ban polarizados que custam cerca de 150 $ ficam por 10 % ou 20 % desse valor ao familiar do fp . 
  fernando is drying out isco without mercy . 
  demichelis is going to have nightmares with jackson tonight !, 
  in the last 3/4 years only the big games in portugal fill up a stadium . 
  the tickets are n't very expensive but the crisis , especially in the porto region , makes people think twice before spending 20/30 $ in a game or 200/300 $ in a season ticket . 
  if porto passes to the quarter-finals , i expect the stadium to have at least 45,0000 people in the game . 
  porto is the ` capital ' of the north , which relies heavily on industry . 
  lisbon is more focused on services for example . 
  the major loss of jobs occured in the industry sector , with the relocation of many factories to eastern europe and south east asia and the brutal decrease in consumption with the several tax increases in the last years . 
  official attendance is over 42k . 
  not bad at all, 
  alex sandro is a beast . 
  i 'm sure he will be on the top 3 left backs of the world in two or three years . 
  totally . 
  in avb season it was known that in the beginning avb did n't like fernando because of his lack of quality to offensive play . 
  he was a beast in defense/tackles but would only do short passes to other players in the offensive manoeuvre . 
  now , in the last fames , he dribbles , he runs 10 or 20 seconds with the ball , he does letal passes to the forwards ... he 's getting a lot more complete and i think he will do the jump to one of the big leagues next summer ( and to the brazil national team if scolari stops being an idiot ) . 
  shh man , let them continue to ignore us ... it will be easier to do a surprise in the next rounds !, 
  when i started reading the original post i was thinking ` yeah just like portugal ' . 
  guess i was right . 
  i feel you mate . 
  but if you have the chance buy gold and games from amazon.co.uk ... a lot more cheaper ( 50 % at least ) . 
  or buy used games ( that 's what i do ) . 
  portuguese national day ( 10th june ) is not related to independence or revolution too . 
  benfica had a player called arg\u00e9lico fucks ( true story ) that made these almost every game . 
  sad that i ca n't find a video . 
  wtf ? 
  wrong thread . 
  benfica had a player called arg\u00e9lico fucks ( true story ) that made these almost every game . 
  sad that i ca n't find a video . 
  christian bale . 
  exactly !, 
  thank you very much . 
  ahaha thanks !, 
  i was invited to join some other polish guys on karaoke on this song so it was special for me . 
  upvotes for watching dbz in portuguese . 
  eus\u00e9bio was fabulous but ronaldo passed him as the best portuguese player in history a long time ago . 
  casillas is a product of the spanish press ( much like sergio ramos ) . 
  deal with it . 
  casillas is not even in the top 3 goalkeepers of the moment , let alone in the last 10 years . 
  and what about the wonderful record of mistakes and red cards by ramos ? 
  the guy constantly makes shit , especially in the big games . 
  how can you call him one of the best cb in the world ? 
  they are over hyped to an extent that i never saw with other players . 
  and it gets so ridiculous that some spanish newspapers were propaganding for casillas to be nominated best player in the world ( lol ) and casillas voted for ramos as the best player in the world . 
  it would be funny to finally understand how spain transformed itself from irrelevant to one of the biggest nations in world sports , in the space of 20 years . 
  i 'm sorry man , but you do n't understand a fuck about football . 
  start seeing more football outside of the madrid-barcelona axis and you 'll understand why you only said shit . 
  ped 's do n't increase your ability or creativity , but it sure can allow players with this characteristics to be more efficient on the physical side of the game . 
  but i 'm not saying that this apply no spanish national team . 
  i just find odd that they are able to dominate so many sports ( tennis , basketball - if you forget usa - handball , etc ) when they were never a world power . 
  i did n't know that nadal , the basketball and the handball team came from la masia too . 
  just giving some examples . 
  ok , fair point . 
  but before that how many times spain was able to reach the semi-finals ? 
  do n't you see the trend ? 
  totally . 
  presenting a fact ( that almost everybody agrees ) and asking for opinions on the subject is not treating anyone as an object . 
  if women want to answer they are free to do it . 
  but of course i expect that on reddit , the majority of answers will be from a masculine pov . 
  finally , i can agree that these 4 qualities have some influence ... but that does n't answer my question . 
  my idol when i was younger . 
  i think i never saw a header so good as him cause for him , headers were like penalties . 
  i still turn a little bit sad when i think that he ruined is life because of the cocaine . 
  he was always , and always will be a big baby , that needed other persons ( like the coach or the president ) to take care of him . 
  please see the goal at 0:25 . 
  he scored 7 goal in one half in this game :, 
  roubaste-me o v\u00eddeo no / r/soccer , 
  that fucking game !, 
  i never saw a greater performance by a goalkeeper in a game against porto . 
  the save at 0:32 in fucking unbelievable . 
  i was watching the game with 50 other persons and everybody was shouting who the fuck is this guy ? 
  ronaldo was injured . 
  he only played because of the importance of the game ... 
  lol , i was n't defending ronaldo or criticizing messi . 
  if you were n't so anxious to bring the comparison with messi to the table , you would see that i simply pointed a fact . 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  every fucking time that your team ca n't win , you always have to blame the referees . 
  my coach can say whatever he wants . 
  that does n't represent my opinion . 
  for me , his season his similar to messi and ronaldo this years seasons . 
  whenever one of these three does n't play/show up , theirs teams resent a lot and in the majority of times struggle to win games . 
  this lad is surely heading to be someone special . 
  next saturday will be like this :, 
  in the last 10 years : 1 champions league , 2 uefa cups + 3 more teams on uefa cup finals ( with one still being able to secure the title ), 
  you are right , not big at all .
