in portuguese is preservativo , but yeah , still the same . 
  god . 
  british accent . 
  i want to go with a friend and this friend has a girlfriend there . 
  i do n't have , but i absolutely loved poznan . 
  i traveled around many cities in poland and in eastern europe and in the end i always wanted to go back to poznan cause for me it 's an example of a city where i would like to live in the next few years . 
  also , i 'm portuguese and my country nowadays is in a fucked up situation so i want to work in another country ... and poznan is an option that i 'm trying to consider ... 
  thank you for your help . 
  from what i searched , maybe i found a chance in the volkswagen factory but i 'll try to find something in the links that you posted . 
  i 've seen many squads and all of them did n't have pepe paring with hummels in the center of the defense . 
  how is that possible ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that when i was a teen , i read harry potter and the globet of fire more than 10times ... 
  avalanche is a lot more depressing . 
  yeah , it 's better to drown in pills and antibiotics ... 
  i do n't know how much do you travel but one thing that i surely know is that most of people of europe ( at least the ones that visited our country ) have portugal and more specifically portuguese people in high portugal . 
  compared with countries like uk , france or spain we are n't arrogant pricks to the foreigners or about our nationality . 
  i 've never saw a foreigner complaining being mistreated , quite the contrary . 
  we are one of the friendliest people on europe and everybody says wonders about how they fell at home when they are in portugal . 
  the ones that think worst of portugal are the portuguese themselves , because of the situation of the country , but in the end we love our country and we have a combination of exceptional features like weather , gastronomy and sense of fun that it 's not easily matched by the other countries in europe . 
  lol , i live in portugal and all the taxis are mercedes . 
  so , no big deal . 
  portugal , mainly the south !, 
  you can live perfectly with 1500 $ in lisbon ... but of course it 's the most expensive city in portugal ... if you really want beaches/great climate , try something in algarve for example ... in portugal is relatively easy to have 100mbps of broadband ( fiber ) under less $ 50/month . 
  ` killing an arab ' of the cure is based in the book ` the stranger ' of albert camus . 
  concerning to museums and attractions , i 'm more interested in the music/history ones than in the art ( paintings ? ), 
  ones . 
  not that i do n't like it , but with a tight schedule i would prefer focusing in music and history ( i have a huge boner for ww ii ) related places . 
  i had already in mind to visit the deutchses museum and the bmw one too . 
  as my budget is not ilimited i 'm trying to find which are the ones that i really ca n't miss . 
  for example , there is a special ticket for the dm that includes deutsches museum + verkehrszentrum + flugwerft schlei\u00dfheim . 
  is it worthy to visit all the 3 ? 
  i 'm more into planes/aviation than cars . 
  and how is the night life ? 
  i was expecting going out a couple of nights in munich since i expect that vienna and salzburg will be more expensive and not so party focused . 
  do you know any good places to go during the week ( i 'll not be in munich during the weekend ) with cheap beer and lots of young people ( i 'm 23 ) ? 
  the music is not a problem , since i 'm used to go to clubs of different genres : rock , alternative , electronic , etc. 
  i have to thank you for all the suggestions . 
  i 've noted them and will certainly be on my must-do list . 
  a couple of questions to finish , if you do n't mind , cause from what i read , you know munich very well :, 
  is it worth the 1-day trip to neuschwanstein castle ? 
  i mean , i think it would take me a whole day . 
  even if i spend 4 days in munich , will the remaining 3 days be enough to visit the most important things ? 
  did you visit the concentration camp in dachau ? 
  do you recommend any sightseeing around munich ? 
  i 'll never have time to visit everything that i want to , but i 'm thinking in take some time to visit some place out of munich and i 'm forwarding to choose one : neuschwanstein , dachau or any other that anyone can recommend . 
  thank you !, 
  one of the things that made me book the trip to vienna/salzburg is the opera/classical music scene . 
  i 'm looking forward to watch a concert ( mozart , beethoven or strauss ) in at least one of these cities . 
  is the opera ticket very expensive ? 
  i 'm 23 , so maybe i can get a good discount ... 
  surrounding salzburg , there are lots of awesome places that seems to worth a visit . 
  and what about vienna ? 
  do you recommend any sightseeing nearby that i should visit ? 
  about salzburg : believe it or not , i never saw the sound of music . 
  i even was n't aware that it was filmed in salzburg because the movie never interested me . 
  is the tour focused on the movie or it 's also a good away to know the city quickly ? 
  as i said , i 'm more interested in the music scene , like mozart related places , concerts and sightseeing ... 
  thanks !, 
  why do n't you recommend neuschwanstein ? 
  can you explain ? 
  the englischer garten was already in my list of places to visit . 
  it seems great !, 
  about hallstatt , i 've saw images and it seems wonderful . 
  but , how can i go there from vienna and then to salzburg ? 
  ( salzburg needs to be my last stop cause it 's where i 'll get the plane back home ) . 
  in the austrian railway site , i can only find trains from wien to salzburg , but nothing to hallstatt . 
  thanks !, 
  no , you are not a idiot cause i 'm still deciding if i 'll visit hallstatt or berchtesgaden !, 
  so thank you for the information regarding the trip from salzburg to berchtesgaden !, 
  thank you so much for the information about connections and prices !, 
  can i ask you one thing more please ? 
  it is possible to do vienna - hallstatt - salzburg ? 
  cause salzburg needs to be my last stop and if i could manage to visit hallstatt in the middle of my trip from vienna to salzburg , it would be great !, 
  i would love to do the trip by car from vienna to salzburg . 
  the bad thing is that i 'm travelling solo , so my only chance to rent a car in an affordable way is to find some company that rents some cheap smarts or kind-of-cars . 
  do you know any company that rents smarts ? 
  i remember that for example in portugal , it 's possible to rent a smart by 1 $ / day !, 
  in portugal we have a satirical super hero , called capit\u00e3o falc\u00e3o ( captain haw ) . 
  he is a superhero at the service of salazar , that rulled our country between 1926 and 1968 and fights the communist menace . 
  here is a video :, 
  sorry , i forgot to put up the link . 
  i already edited the op, 
  portugal . 
  buy them in amazon.com . 
  with the 20 % save if you subscribe the shoes newsletter , you can get them around 60-65 $ . 
  totally yes . 
  for a reason that i do n't know , in the cdb 's is not necessary to pay the import duty fees like many other items . 
  i received my 1st pair of taupe suede 2weeks ago and i 'm expecting to receive the beeswax next week ... 
  it 's saramago , not saramango !, 
  ( only correcting you because saramago was a fellow portuguese  ), 
  it 's over ? 
  it 's not offered anymore at that price ... 
  getting cdb 's from amazon.com is dirty cheap !, 
  a pair comes around 60 $ with shipping !, 
  i 've saw them this summer in portugal !, 
  nice concert to see that the guys still rock . 
  i 'm a little late but how you activate the subtitles in xbox 360 by plex ? 
  i 've googled a lot and the only thing that i find is answers in plex forums saying that subtitles ( unless hardcoded ) are not supported in xbox !, 
  i 've followed the instructions of the link but i ca n't still see subs on xbox . 
  i think i discovered the problem : i do n't know how to force plex to transcode the movie to xbox instead of allowing direct play .
