  the measures proposed by / u/coiso can make us more similar to england or germany . 
  mourinho is not the biggest fan of avb since he leaved to be mou 's pupil at inter ... 
  part 2 of the compilation can be found here :, 
  try here :, 
  the away kit for this season is this one :, 
  awesome !, 
  it 's really good to see that my club has supporters all around the world !, 
  and futre . 
  o portugu\u00eas t\u00edpico sai da casa a hora que combinou estar no restaurante . 
  lol . 
  your price can be even lower than that if your country has a lower vat than spain . 
  in portugal our vat is 23 % , so with shipping , i will pay around 390 $ . 
  i do n't think so . 
  an app for the rateyourmusic.com website . 
  ah os bons relatos do gp-pt . 
  this lopes lad surely ca n't be portuguese . 
  everybody knows that we only have shitty strikers . 
  my fucking bad . 
  he scores so many goals that i had in my brain the idea that he was a striker . 
  is he a winger or a cam ? 
  and for every portuguese , the chant is ` ese portugues , hijo da puta es ' . 
  do n't cry no more little baby . 
  i 'm here to comfort you . 
  you could order it from any european amazon . 
  more like patrick vieira . 
  welcome to the champions league . 
  no , sporting ignored the fund percentage , and will retain 100 % of the value of the transfer , paying only the spartak share ( 4 million ) and the initial investment of the doyen group . 
  obviously , doyen will not be happy and will go to court to dispute the unilateral action of sporting 's president . 
  what a great playlist !, 
  recomendo . 
  he played in champions league in his first season in porto . 
  lol ? 
  de autores portugueses , recomendo o ** aprender a rezar na era da t\u00e9cnica ** do gon\u00e7alo m. tavares . 
  hulk was 40m for 85 % of the economics rights plus zenit was responsible to pay the agent fee and the fees due to the clubs were hulk made his formation until 21 ( 5 % ) . 
  mangala was 30,5 m for around 60 % of the economics rights . 
  i was using spotify only for this fucking playlist !, 
  great news !, 
  unfortunately , i do n't use inbox . 
  for me it 's a no brainer that google does n't have this working yet . 
  i guess after some years as an android user , you get used to all of this half-completed functionalities ... sigh . 
  i 'm visiting brussels for the first time this weekend , looking forward for some recommendations in this thread !, 
  i would love to , it 'll need to be on a next opportunity !, 
  maicon , the full back that played for inter , is called maicon douglas in homage to michael douglas . 
  true . 
  love swipe , would love a code , 
  same for portugal , but it 's benfica instead of arsenal . 
  thank you very much !, 
  it 's exactly that !, 
  solved !, 
  ama, 
  the wire, 
  the west wing, 
  neuza do saborintenso . 
  7 minutes is enough . 
  and she will be able to use it everywhere . 
  and it 's unlocked for life . 
  meu favorito \u00e9 o chef 's table da netflix . 
  in rio , the carnival starts in the beginning of the year , every weekend it 's possible to go to a pre-carnival party . 
  casa 92 . 
  jundia\u00ed - sp, 
  procura no reddit por cico aka calories in , calories out . 
  by the end of this year i hope that i have finished my master in industrial engineering and i 'm currently interested in find a job in my area in poland , preferably in poznan ( i lived there 5months during my erasmus and i absolutely loved it ) . 
  my problem is that the only languages that i can speak properly is portuguese , english and a bit of spanish . 
  i only know a few words in polish , but i still want to try to find a company where i could work in poznan ( or other city of poland ) speaking only english ( or portuguese ) . 
  i know one or two companies where this is possible ( like hp and general electric ) but both are in warsaw and not so focused on my area of graduation . 
  so , i would be very thankful if someone could tell me some companies that meet these requirements . . it would allow me to send my cv and try to go live and live in your beautiful country . 
  thank you all . 
  p. s. - sorry for the inaccurate english . 
  hey fellow reddittors ,, 
  in the end of november i 'll do my first solo travel . 
  it will be to munich , vienna and salzburg . 
  because i want to book the trains already to have the best fares ( german trains can be expensive ) i 'm forwarding to decide now how much time i should spend in each city . 
  i was thinking in going 2 days to salzburg and divide the other 7 days between munich and vienna . 
  do you think that this is a good way to get the most out of each city ? 
  and for those who already went to salzburg , in your opinion do i need the whole two days for visiting the city or can i spare one afternoon to go visit the eagle 's nest or the konigsee in berchtesgaden ? 
  these are my main questions that i would ask you to help me , please . 
  but if you already travelled to one of these cities , i would love to read some tips for places to go out drinking beer or to have a good bavarian meal ( cheap ones preferably ) , especially to a solo traveller !, 
  i 'm sorry for my not so good english !, 
  many thanks to all !, 
  hey fellow austrian redditors !, 
  in november i will visit your country for the first time . 
  i already planned to visit vienna and salzburg but i have an extra day that i want to spend in another city , that i did n't chose yet : hallstatt or berchtesgaden . 
  i need some information of the best ways to reach hallstatt from vienna or salzburg and some prices . 
  i tried to search some connections in the austrian railways website but i could n't understand how the connection was made ( changes between trains and bus ) neither the total prices ( i have a small budget , so i need to travel at the most cheap connections ) . 
  and finally in your opinion which of this cities would you prefer to visit ? 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm european , so for me it 's difficult to buy some red wing or ll bean boots . 
  what do you think of this model ? 
  hey !, 
  i have this bundle to sell !, 
  i secured this deal :, 
  if anybody is interested , i will send it to the best offer . 
  it was n't shipped yet from amazon , so i 'll use your address and send it to you completely free using amazon ( if you live in europe ! ), 
  payments by credit card or paypal . 
  hey !, 
  i have this bundle to sell !, 
  i secured this deal :, 
  if anybody is interested , i will send it to the best offer . 
  it was n't shipped yet from amazon , so i 'll use your address and send it to you completely free using amazon ( if you live in europe ! ), 
  payments by credit card or paypal .
