  people lie during surveys . 
  i 'd wager the percentage of people saying `` worse '' is higher in the privacy of their own homes . 
  being `` anti-refugee '' or anti-muslim carries a social cost in places like the uk and germany who actively try to suppress those opinions via law or in the `` respectable '' media . 
  same shit with sex partners , people will lie to interviewers about their number because of perceived social cost ( men lie up , women lie down - zing - ) . 
   so you think that it 's okay for people on terrorist watch list to own an ar-15 ? 
  yes . 
  a list is just that a list . 
  there 's no due process to getting on that list and it is practically impossible to remove oneself from the `` no fly '' list . 
  it 's a tool that is just begging to be abused . 
  i support due process before removing my fellow citizen 's rights , in open courts , not at the discretion of police units who may be politically motivated ( for examples of political motivation , see country sheriffs in the us who decide whether to issue firearms permits in their individual counties , effectively creating `` gun free counties '' ) . 
   the uk historically went to war in europe in order to preserve the balance of power , and stop countries running rampant across europe as dictators . 
  you know to him you 're just proving his point right ? 
  napoleon , and wilhelm were good because they promised folks like him national strength ( like what the us has ) putting an end to them was the uk fucking everything up because of jealousy ( which i 'm sure britain had an interest in protecting colonial assets ) . 
  to them might is right . 
  problem is the us is already a political union , and it has proven itself as an effective one time and time again , especially in the area of emergencies . 
  the onus is on detractors of the union to prove it is not working , for the eu the burden lies with those who want an even stronger union ... and right now it 's not looking good for the german bootlickers . 
  why the hell would anyone want to give the enemy of european democracy ( merkel + juncker ) more power ? 
  why should anyone want to give them an army ? 
  what do you think would happen when europeans who have clearly shown do not care for each other as countrymen are given orders to exploit and undermine other europeans ? 
  greece/britain/ireland has shown that europeans are bullies , who covet the power of a union . 
  remain a trade union . 
  save millions of people unnecessary suffering . 
  probably creams xerself to finnish socialists or somebullshit . 
   are you saying you actually disagree with affirmative consent ? 
  as a legal standard ? 
  surely you jest . 
   but it is n't subversive elements of american culture oh shut . 
  you knew exactly what i mean by subversive elements . 
  you are n't clever . 
   which elevate the common man to legend as opposed to other places , where men know their place . 
   sorry who in government/positions of power actually wants to push these http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/australasia/accused-rapists-would-have-to-prove-consent-in-law-reversal-proposed-by-new-zealand-politicians-9592559.html they do n't have to be in power to have a wish list do they ? 
   in the inquisitorial system put forward by the labour party , a judge would interview alleged victims after consultation with lawyers and the claimant would not be cross-examined by a defence barrister . 
   if the crown proved a sexual encounter happened , it would be rape unless the defendant could prove it was consensual . 
  lowering the burden of proof . 
  http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/usanow/2014/08/28/california-bill-yes-means-yes-sex-assault/14765665/ california switches to `` yes means yes '' standard for campus enforcement . 
  any university accepting federal funds must comply just because it 's not feasible for most of the western world , does n't mean there are n't people out there gunning for it . 
   `` the debate used to be about ` no means no ' -- now all that is being talked about in social networks are foreigners again , '' she said . 
  ** it 's what they want to talk about , because if the debate shifts to `` no means no '' then they get to institute new rules that they 've been wanting to push ** . 
  ( yes means yes , other laws to combat `` first world problems '' like manspreading . 
  same thing in the us . 
  muslim gay dude proclaims his allegience to isis , san bernadino shooter does as well . 
  black extremist ( micah x ) shoots police officers ... but if we frame this as a `` gun control '' issue rather than subversive elements in our society issue , then they not only do n't have to take any responsibility for the problems the left caused ( cultural relativism , promoting increased migrations ) , but they get to promote their own agenda ( gun control ) . 
  the right does this to a lesser extent with guns by blaming mental health ( which i 'm inclined to agree with , but recognize that they 'd much rather have this conversation , also the right gutted mental health in the first place but that 's another convo ) videogames , hollywood . 
  you get the point . 
  not everyone takes those international obligations seriously . 
  someone should have told europe that before they let themselves get flooded . 
   pay them now i 'm no immigration expert , but would n't that encourage them to not take steps to convince citizens to stay ? 
  not sure about that , but here 's an old political cartoon about nativism way back then . 
  it was a cleansing , but an entirely justified one . 
  as mentioned before , the german minorities were weaponized by the nazis leading to a conflict in which millions of their countrymen died . 
  i do n't blame any government taking measures to ensure that never happened again . 
  and the action was perfectly proportional to the debt accrued ( millions of french , polish and soviet deaths ) . 
  honestly if germany paid for every single ounce of human misery they caused , there would n't be a germany . 
  they got off light . 
  that was de-germanfication and to be fair . 
  germany used ethnic minority protection as an excuse to take sudetenland . 
  german minorities became ticking time bomb after that . 
  germans got off light . 
  the problem is ... as they say the poor are paying for it . 
  if it really is a `` common good '' then the political and financial elites should be throwing themselves to take the major financial burden by making newer cars more accessible . 
  the us did this with vehicles paying people to replace their old cars ( cash for clunkers ) , california gave people assistance ( in the form of smog coupons ) to tune up and repair vehicles . 
  just using the stick , in the carrot-stick dynamic makes people angry at you and more willing to cut the nose to spite the face . 
  i stand with the uk even if my internationalist president does n't . 
  some people still care about their country . 
  what a sad world we live when their deaths can be called pointless . 
  no , europeans were much further ahead in their naval funding seeing as they were at each others necks for colonial control . 
  the us started from a greater position of weakness than the british . 
  what is it with you people and wanting to send the power center even further away from the people ? 
  what is it with you people and wanting to have your vote diluted to near nothingness ? 
  to have your voices drowned in the sea of foreign screams ? 
  the love of self determination is intrinsic to the human condition , you have to taught to hate it . 
  the journey of a thousand miles begins with the first step . 
  the us did n't begin with the greatest navy ever built , it started out with literal rafts and had to fight two wars with them because britain withdrew the protection of the royal navy . 
  this is the price of freedom . 
  you get to build shit . 
  well it 's not a `` good thing '' . 
  true , people like murdoch can influence policy , but so can average britons . 
  an eu that can ignore murdoch is more likely in the position to ignore britons as well . 
  murdoch is a lesser evil than juncker in that the effort to topple him would be much less than the effort it would take to challenge a eurocrat . 
  soros is worse . 
  he was always * honest * , there 's a difference , if the person you 're describing as an honest person comes across as a dick , then you 're going to sound like one too . 
  https://youtu.be/2gm9q8uabts?t=94 i do n't think there 's a non-dick way to say what he said . 
  do people really need to tell you why it 's important to vote though ? 
  i thought it was like looking both ways before crossing the street : self evident . 
  do you need the government to teach you how to breathe too ? 
  or are you good with that ? 
  banter aside , this generation has had plenty of `` get the vote out campaigns '' . 
  i 've had teachers stress the importance of voting , i 've seen voting campaigns in the mall ( where the subject matter was a theoretical situation where teens could n't buy clothes without parental permission because of a new `` law '' ) hell i 've seen `` vote or die '' , `` rock the vote '' , and `` vote up or shut up '' . 
  all these resources going into getting the youth to vote , maybe we need to try the one thing proven to get the youth vote out ? 
  good candidates . 
  good ideas . 
  maybe try a little bit of that populism you champagne socialists turn your nose up at ? 
   does not really add much security , it just slows down movement . 
  did nothing of the last year register in your head ? 
   hey do not . 
  the politicians in charge are well aware of these issues , despite what the tabloids may say . 
  where are the european leaders living next to muslim military aged males then ? 
  how do they truly * know * of these issues when they never have to live with the consequences of their laws ? 
  oh i 'm sure the eurocrats are great when it comes to numbers , but people are n't numbers . 
  you ca n't put fear , despair , uncertainty , and self-sufficiency into ledgers , you ca n't put a price on self-determination .
