  the question is ... is france at war ? 
  and if so why have n't they surrendered yet ? 
  obligatory ribbing aside ... it seems cruel to have emergency measures in place and not take every measure to get yourself out of that state . 
  you either do what needs to be done , or you should just give up with the other emergency powers . 
  ca n't say i expected more from eu federalists . 
  free speech is like a train for you lot . 
  hey now , be nice . 
   but also for your own safety . 
  some french will attack , but most will collaborate . 
  am i allowed a partial opinion ? 
   why the hell that would annoy you ? 
  that 's none of your business what european federalists talk . 
  we live in a connected world as the federalists like to remind us over and over again . 
  what europe does is important to some degree , so of course it 's the business of citizens outside of the continent to care . 
  but back to the subject matter , i was simply stating a preference , as to what pleases me , just like you did . 
   fun it 's `` fun '' watching federalists get btfo . 
  :d this please me , just like fantasy scoreboards pleases you . 
  you let this talk happen and then the federalists start sneaking in talks about an eu army and other shit . 
  i prefer the annoying bastards reminding people that the eu is not a real country tbh fam, 
  which can be answered by increased military spending , and increased cooperation inside the nato framework . 
  the same people who support the eu army were the ones wanting national armies underfunded in the first place . 
  it 's less efficient sure , but who the hell want to outsource production of their weaponry to a foreign nation ? 
  not even the european nations in nato do that , because from a strategic perspective it 's stupid . 
   the win is that europe will have a greater influence on the world and can act more efficiently against threat . 
  the us already does that though . 
  well the city ran an ad about how terrorist free the city was . 
  a couple of weeks before their incident . 
  : / i think terrorism is a huge shift in expectations . 
  london made it swing for against . 
  they swing for because london votes were done being counted and they did n't participate hard enoigh in part due to my issues like weather . 
   lack of economic growth below climate change . 
  these little shits are part of the political elite . 
   who needs enemies with friends like that . 
  the same could be said for the eu and us trying to buttfuck the uk before and after the referendum . 
  do n't get me wrong i hate russia and everything it stands for , but being put in boris 's position i 'd offer talks to host russian troops if it meant getting a fair deal from the eu and us backing to boot . 
  as someone else said , the alternative really is taking the greece route and letting yourself get ran over . 
  i want to stress , i do n't approve of the decision . 
  but i understand the reality behind it . 
  different journalists have different opinions , even though sometimes they work at the same organization . 
  as for the kicking em out issue , i have no problem with doing so ... who wants to die for islamist scum ? 
  not i , not the germans , not the brits . 
  they 're strategic to have sure , but with their increasing erratic behavior it may no longer be beneficial to have them on anymore . 
  regardless of what we do , the turks are going to turn to russia ... why do we want to keep such a toxic country in our perfectly good alliance ? 
  those are german broomsticks though , so they 're bluetooth enabled or something . 
  someone 's anglin for a sanction , greece . 
   the first false assumption here is that the national assembly is a supreme decision making body that have to have a say in everything that has to do with hungary , even if it 's an eu matter like this . 
  the state ultimately does have the supreme decision making power for the people they represent ... dafuq is this internationalist bullshit ? 
   ataturk the man was a genocidal monster . 
  secular turks , islamist turks are different sides of the same turkish coin . 
  you have to win first before you can change anything . 
  during the days of the soviet union , the us did some pretty effed up things in the name of stopping the communist threat and as a result the ussr is no more , the world ( in the us sphere ) has never been more free , more at peace , and more prosperous . 
  stopping the global spread of political islam , and russian aggression in ee is a must . 
  and it 's not going to be done by standing around and singing kumbayah , someone 's got to contain these messes and the person doing it is n't going to come out clean . 
  if you do n't do what needs to be done , someone else will . 
  and the human suffering that comes of it will still be your fault , even if nobody will say so in the history books . 
  which probably gave the leave side a boost tbh . 
  leave was successfully able to reveal the `` warnings '' from foreign leaders for what they truly were ... threats and now with a vindictive eu trying their damnedest to punish britain i doubt anyone regrets their vote to leave . 
  the leave campaign exposed the british media for the biased piles of excrement they were , and using the grain of truth of their bias ... were able to convince the british people that even legitimate concerns of the remain media were just scaremongering . 
  the british are n't going to be receptive to new information needed to change their views right now , they 're all still very very pissed . 
  and running hit articles like `` brexit town loses jobs '' ( even when said jobs were on their way out before referendum ) is n't going to help because the right will point out the inaccuracies in such articles , steeling the reader against stories from that source . 
  eh if it clearly marks turkey as an enemy and gives us an excuse to cut ties and back greece hard in disputes instead i 'm all for it . 
  i hope he does n't half ass the pivot . 
  not these new brits . 
  they seem a timid and weak lot . 
  you people ca n't even assist one of your own on issues like budget shortfalls ... you 're going to claim that you 'll send men to die for a country ? 
  no you guys have an empathy gap way bigger than our wealth gap . 
  you 're not neanderthals , you have capability , just no will . 
  many more were not . 
  so does every golddigger to their sugardaddy . 
  yes because ceding power to the same assholes who will leave you in the dirt and prostituting yourself for the price of a sandwich is the greatest of ideas . 
  juncker is already a maniac , he along with the commision already bully , threaten and intimidate enough without giving the added power of a fucking army . 
  individual states are already cutthroat , selfish and absurdly unreasonable in their expectations ... let 's give them the means to enact their agendas with the backing of a superstate should they win the day . 
  newsflash , you do n't need to cede power , or have complicated central authorities in order to help your fellow europeans . 
  nothing is stopping each state from helping their neighbor out ... nothing but the demand for control over other states . 
  nobody is going to agree for a tighter union under these circumstances ... it is the responsibility of those advocating closer union to earn the trust first ... then the power . 
  i do n't speak for groat , but i think he had an eu `` safe zone '' in mind being constructed in libya . 
  at least that 's the impression i get from the words `` by force '' . 
  honestly do n't see a european peacekeeping force being deployed there . 
  much easier to ignore the problem and punish the greeks if they attempt to resist . 
   everyone pulls in the direction it wants , and nothings gets accomplished , if i were erdogan i would do the same to the eu . 
  and yet fools insist that giving this selfish union an army and expanded powers is going to help things out . 
   by force . 
  while i 'm all in favor of applying a more military solution judge not lest ye be judged my greek friend . 
  i do n't think the next few months are going to end well for you . 
  yer more likely to end up the `` refugee center '' than libya . 
  i hope little things like this add up for the british people , they 've been through quite a lot this year . 
  it 's kinda funny , the eu pressures other nations with threats and the federalists are quick to remind everyone about `` deals '' and how there should be no negative thoughts by those affected because `` that 's just how things are with the eu '' . 
  the moment someone gets one over on old eu , they 're the one 's screaming blackmail and bloody murder . 
  by the logic of brexit pressuring and the greek financial crisis ... the germans should bear turkey no ill will because visa free is part of the deal turkey wants . 
  it 's not bullying , germans can take it or leave it . 
  ( i do n't personally believe this , but at least i 'm decent enough to point out the coercion going on when the eu does it as well as turkey ), 
  israel blew up our ship . 
  the british prime minister played shield for bp to protect the interests of british shareholders when the gulf oil crisis happened ... friends do some fucked up things . 
  he 's telling em what they want to hear though . 
   so of course he 's getting upvoted . 
  the european intelligentsia has always despised the us , moreso in france/germany than in places like the uk , but it 's a common trait everywhere . 
  you do n't have your policies fail over and over again while having the policies of another spread into your home without being a little salty . 
  so you delude yourself , you tell yourself little lies like ostpolitick and not nuclear deterrence kept the world safe from the rooskies , that de gaulle liberated france , that eternal france by himself ... that the eu , not nato or american loans were responsible for ongoing european peace and prosperity . 
  this entire eu endeavor is partly a way of them getting a bit of credibility back , but that 's not going very well ... 
   national identity and self-determination trump gdp .
