  the real trouble with american policy is that intervention necessarily ends the course of events which were going to happen so we have no real metric to measure american interventions against . 
  everyone is pissed at the american removal of dictators in the muslim world , never once considering that some of those dictators were triggering arms races with other muslim countries , and that some of those guys had no real qualms of slaughtering their own people . 
  refugees were bound to happen no matter what . 
  russia on the other hand waited until assad ( his ally ) was near his doom , isis had all but grown out of control , and europe had a refugee crisis to finally act , so naturally europe starts kissing russian ass , because they had something to compare russian bombing of civilians , and supporting a cruel and despotic regime to . 
  that the route europe wants to go ? 
  making short term decisions and finally having to deal with the big mess when it finally hits them hard ? 
  i mean that 's all up to you guys , but here in burgerland , i do n't mind being called an `` asshole '' . 
  i 'm not a ukip fan , but nigel farage is a great public speaker . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbjp8zxduwk then again it 's hard to suck at public speaking when your opposition is really bad . 
  not everything has to be put into law , and not all dislikes have to be legislated . 
  you just do n't sell to shitty people hans . 
  that 's how you gain bad will and a bad reputation . 
  i do n't think toad here is saying the german business community is doing something illegal , i think they 're saying it 's doing something unethical , and unpatriotic ( to the european peoples ) and he has every right to call them out on that . 
  countercase : france denies sale of mistral warships to russia . 
  i 'm completely against importing certain followers of a certain prophet anywhere else in the world , but the moment i heard of france instituting these `` emergency '' laws i was pretty skeptical . 
  skeptical because france is unwilling and unable to stop the `` refugees '' from coming into france and unwilling/able to solve the syrian cause of the problem . 
  so i thought : if france is n't doing anything to stop the cause of this state of emergency , then when does this state of emergency end ? 
  turns out it may not ... which seems to me highly unethical . 
  if you are going to deprive the citizenry of their rights , then you have the obligation to take the course of action which will end the deprivation of rights as soon as possible . 
   it would be a moral atrocity if estonia ( for instance ) itself were under attack , and us soldiers were not sent to help . 
  it would , eastern europe has given so much to the world and to the nato alliance ( they 're pretty much the only one 's taking it seriously ) . 
  to dick them ( again ) would lower my opinion of my government, 
  the united states can not help people who wo n't help themselves . 
  the solution to the problem was simple , back the us in a regime change and have a european presence in the me to peacekeep everyone shouldering the burden . 
  or back the russians and proclaim assad the leader of syria have him kill the right people and restore order . 
  however europe is both disgusted by assad , and making only ceremonial gestures in the bombing campaign , canada has abandoned the coalition and is now playing waterboy to the terrorists . 
  http://www.ibtimes.com/canada-justin-trudeau-ends-isis-bombing-mission-will-instead-send-food-emergency-2298604 oh and by the way , bombing is n't enough ... you need boots on the ground so in that aspect even the us is `` half assing '' . 
  europe both hates dictators , and cries about the fallout from the lack of dictators ... oh by the way those dictators ... they tend to have arms races with each other ... which would have led to massive war and a refugee crisis anyways . 
  europe supports turkey with monies , and turkey helps isis by decimating any significant kurdish gains . 
  it 's a clusterfuck , but us ability has nothing to do with it ... it 's european indecisiveness . 
  of course , but that does n't she ca n't be the worse one since hitler , although i 'm a bit fuzzy on german leaders right now , we might need to ask a german . 
  she is pretty bad . 
  lol , i remember when europeans used to get on our ass for not toppling dictators and instead working with them . 
  now in the early 2010 's we got people mourning ghaddafi and saddam . 
  make up your minds . 
   also people tend to forget that before all this chaos the bigger fear was the arms races these fools were starting in the middle east . 
  refugees were going to happen at any rate . 
  were you hungary ? 
   care that your country treats us so badly , selling our secrets to further your own goals , telling other nations that we was the country that did the black op not the us . 
  sounds like really dick moves . 
  almost as dick a move as thatcher meeting with the soviets ( behind our backs ) to undermine german unification goals . 
  supporting a chinese megabank and inciting other countries in the anglosphere to do so . 
  releasing a known terrorist who killed americans despite the objections of the american government only to find out he bullshitted you guys about really dying . 
   weaken britain and it 's empire . 
  the germans did that pretty nicely as did the creation of a welfare state immediately after , and while we 're on the subject of empire let me remind you that the us-anglo alliance was forged from necessity against a much greater threat than argentina , egypt or grenada ... the united states does n't go to war to preserve people 's colonial holdings , that 's on you . 
   why many brits are becoming anti-american frankly i 'm not too worried , the brits are only becoming weaker if you have n't noticed . 
  the role as `` gateway to europe '' ca n't be fulfilled by you guys anymore , you have no clout in europe . 
  germany and france , along with your non-willingness to fully devote yourself to the eu took care of that . 
  on the military side of things , as wrong as this may seem ... the brits never actually contributed nearly as much in iraq . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jan/16/cuts-britain-fading-power-sir-jeremy-greenstock  when i was in iraq the uk had 50 % of the responsibility within the us coalition but we put in 2 % to 3 % of the resources ; the americans put in 95 % . 
  of course , the americans came to regard this as irrelevant in the end . 
  that all affects our standing . 
  diplomatic side of things , britain was a useful security council member and gave others the impression that decisions were n't being made unilaterally . 
  except now the world demands support from everyone in this multi-polar world , not just the anglosphere ... so in that arena britain is being less useful . 
  what happens when other countries decide that the security council arrangement is unfair ? 
  what do you think happens to britain 's veto power ? 
   im surprised you do n't really care that your country treats us so badly i do n't like your country , but i actually do care , or would if you guys had been pulling your own weights along with canada and the rest of western europe . 
  surprise moves and secret meetings should n't be taking place between allies but that 's the world we live in and in the fight against the russians and chinese you ca n't afford to have nations pulling 5 different directions . 
  as for your eu support . 
  once again i 'm not particularly interested in the fate of your government , but your people 's rights seem pretty important , you talk about getting treated badly by america ... did you see what the germans did to the greeks ? 
  literally ignored democracy . 
  have you seen what eu regulations does to british law ? 
  trumps it , nations no longer have the power to decide what is best for their people . 
  ( and i 'm going to be really fucking honest , while your current government is really shit at defending your rights , it 's your government which you can re-elect ) i personally hope the uk decides to leave the eu , it 's a bad move for your nation ... and its influence but the people deserve better than a eu supergovernment . 
  question , what do you think will happen after the uk leaves the eu ? 
  because if your complaint is being america 's bitch , that 's only going to get worse if you leave literally the only other option . 
  i say this as an american who really does n't like your country ( or the eu ) . 
  it 's berlin or washington . 
  i suppose you could choose beijing , but that 's soooo much worse than either option . 
  rekt . 
  but to be frank , i like the idea of siesta . 
  banter aside it would be a shame if it was being practiced less as i think it 's a good idea . 
  coming to the comments section i 'd thought the main objection would be the assumption that there are jobs in spain ... oh right , stereotypes . 
  ~ ~ typical spain , too lazy to siesta . ~ ~, 
  that 's the beautiful thing about revolution . 
  it 's not anymore . 
   right wing populists are rising even in countries where there is no mass immigration , things do n't have to be burning down in your own home to feel concern about your neighbors brush clearing habits . 
  the far right in non-congested places in europe is being emboldened by the eu and national politicians of germany and sweden who they ( the fr ) fear will grow in power and authority . 
  wanting to oppose the european army , oppose forced relocation of migrants to your country ( the german redistribution place ) oppose the implementation of `` core european values '' that your country does n't necessarily share will lead to voting for a party who will not only fight for that , but will go to extremes to fight for it . 
  people care more about ideas than their own self-interest ? 
  wish more people were like that . 
  they have to adopt the values of some country . 
  communists imposed russian values . 
  the eu will impose german ones . 
  do n't take everything internationalists say at face value . 
  nope just people who use their mental faculties, 
  if you think trump is going to win ... oh boy . 
  he 's made too many powerful enemies , and gutted his own party who would support him with these dumb ass statements . 
  but let 's assume the russian hackers manage to swing the vote , or hilary dies . 
  trump is going to be as impotent in the presidency as obama was during the israeli question . 
  congress will just go around him , and talk to the leaders themselves . 
  nato obligations are serious business on the us side , and the republicans are n't going to throw that away just cause some guy in the white house has an `` r '' next to his name . 
  you really want to get into debts englishman ? 
  cause i 'm sure we could use a little more money in nato and a 1:1 rate would be extremely favorable for us . 
  or perhaps we can talk to the germans about all those people who died liberating europe because of the war they started . 
  a 1 to 1 payment would decimate their country . 
  : / or we can be mature about this entire thing and recognize that polish migrants were n't taken in by the goodness of anyone 's hearts and they earned their place in their respective new homes unlike these new hordes . 
  it 's not a sense of endangerment as is currently the case in germany and france but rather a hard tone . 
  by treating the very few migrants they have badly they send a zero tolerance message to brussels and berlin . 
  it 's how politics works everywhere nowadays .
