  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/may/30/afghanistan-war-cost-britain-37bn-book 37 billion in the afghan war alone or http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/afghanistan/7841631/afghanistan-and-iraq-have-cost-taxpayers-20bn.html 20 billion combined up to june 2010 . 
  compared the the united states , 6 trillion estimated combined costs . 
  it 's not bad or inaccurate to suggest one country was taking the conflict a little more seriously than the other . 
  but hey do n't listen to the civilian american , why not ask jeremy greenstock , former top diplomat for the united kingdom ? 
   `` there is increasing scorn for the quantity of what we put in there . 
  when i was in iraq the uk had 50 % of the responsibility within the us coalition but we put in 2 % to 3 % of the resources ; the americans put in 95 % . 
  of course , the americans came to regard this as irrelevant in the end . 
  that all affects our standing http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jan/16/cuts-britain-fading-power-sir-jeremy-greenstock of course , none of this actually matters ... people will believe what they want to believe . 
  i 'm just saying , why the hell are you upvoting this clown for criticizing what the us did to germany 's plan ? 
  obama took 10,000 people , we 're helping are n't we ? 
  unless you want to be a dick and start looking at numbers ? 
  :p but like i said that goes both ways . 
  seriously want to compare iran and belarus to germany threatening tunisian , and eastern european aid money for not adopting their policies ? 
  hell the us used to send foodstuffs to n korea , those guys who attacked a us soldier without provocation , shelled a south korean island . 
  sanctions = !, 
  demands of influence for aid . 
   civil war is coming , slowly . 
  jesus , as much as i sympathize with the right wingers i do n't think i could support a coup . 
  that would let russia right into europe again , and they are n't exactly better with rights . 
  also i doubt europe would go to civil war , your populations are effectively disarmed . 
  there 's no mechanism to fight back . 
   i agree with you that europe and germany has relied on the us too much for its security , but germany is the largest net contributor of the eu and the countries our government is critiscising have been receiving large of amounts of tax payers money . 
  which the germans are welcome to withdraw when they want , it 's not going to look good to other people when they make demands so openly though . 
  one can be a bad donor as well as a bad receiver . 
   i also have to disagree with you on the `` war on terror '' . 
  the iraq war and the vacuum it 's left has caused the uprising of isil in in that region . 
  and i disagree with unrestricted migration of muslim military aged males , and when that policy inevitably fails germans are not going to blame themselves they 're going to blame the world ... why are n't americans allowed to do the same ? 
  europe did n't lift a single finger to help with the war on terror and i 'm sure a coalition of willing and equally contributing nations could have done a much better job than the us and uk ( who only supplied 5 % of their supplies in iraq ) . 
  if you wo n't join our schemes , we should n't have to join yours , and there should n't be any anger about that . 
   it 's not like the us and canada are opening their arms to everyone . 
  geographical advantage , the us has an ocean to defend their borders from muslims , but not from latin americans . 
  also i could just as easily blame germany and the eu for not participating in the war on terror as they should have instead opting to create lavish and decadent welfare states . 
  why must we bear `` germany 's burden '' ? 
  germany demands the world share the burden on their unilateral policy , and so does the us . 
  two differences though , the us has never threatened tinier states with sanctions like germany has for not following through with their `` vision '' . 
  and the us has the means to protect itself by wise investments in defense which germany and the rest of europe neglected . 
  same demands , different positions . 
  i see your russian masters taught you all about whataboutism . 
  :p too bad it does n't wipe the stain off your own past . 
   this ultimatum is worse than hitler 's and this occupation is worse than hitler 's . 
  oh i 'm sorry the architects of genocide during the yugoslav wars are accusing us of being hitler ? 
  that 's rich . 
  they give what they can and have never given the alliance any trouble by being little backstabbers , which is more than i can say for other countries , lithuania even reinstated their draft during the ukraine mess . 
  serbia on the other hand has always licked the russian boot . 
  i do n't know why we 're dealing with them . 
  they arrested him for wearing a pig-hat ? 
  : / that sucks . 
  educated females have more earning power , thus more power over themselves and their choices to use contraceptives , they also delay or do n't have marriages and when they do they are hardly ever going to choose some lower class scum . 
  ( self limitation ) honestly did n't even know this was a matter for discussion , even my left wing professor was harping on about how `` female '' education dollars are much more effective than other types of aid . 
  i would n't , the united states has been a poor friend to eastern european countries ( especially poland ) . 
  to have them armed and provoking russia with no guarantee of us support is n't something i 'd like to see happen . 
  maybe with more commitment on america 's part . 
  i 'm pretty sure russia would slaughter the baltics , the us needs time to move men into europe for a counterattack by ship . 
  russia on the other hand shares land borders with you guys . 
  we would n't push russia back until a few months . 
  pfft , the man watches porn , who gives a f - jesus christ you sick bastard ?!?!? 
  , do you know what the germans do to porn ? 
  thought # 2 : turn this incident into a plus , german politician believes in his country and only consumes porn made by his country ( wo ) men . 
  he does n't consume that cheap asian stuff , he requires quality german girls riding on quality german sex saddles . 
  make deutschland great again !, 
  do n't like your flair , love your comment . 
  https://youtu.be/9f8byj78xz8?t=372 as much as i hate to say it , this is one of those situations where we really have to be better than our enemies . 
  there is no danger to the stability of the west ( yet ) , so why lower ourselves to their level ? 
   i 'm shocked , this was ever allowed in europe . 
  it 's like actively helping to deteriorate your own country by foreign governments . 
  look i ai n't a fan of islam , but does n't the catholic church have a say in where their priests go too ? 
  i 'm catholic and i specifically recall growing up to a bunch of sermons made by latin americans . 
  the columbian was my favorite . 
  : / also the `` deciding '' of staff ( bishops ) is a point of contention between the vatican ( a government ) and the prc , in that the prc wants to decide bishops for rome . 
  if anyone wants to explain the difference to me i 'm all ears , but it seems this argument could apply to a lot of christian religions . 
  i do n't think i 'd be able to live something like that down . 
  just standing while somebody was raped ? 
  what a terrible thing . 
  then again i hope never to have my courage tested like that . 
  what 's the definition of `` too dicey '' though ? 
  terrorism already happened , would we need to cross a certain threshold of terrorism to intervene or what would convince the president to have a us naval presence ? 
   these days , european leaders get the impression that even the obama administration is uninterested in their problems . 
  the tone of the article seems to be `` even the obama administration '' , that along with the examples of other candidates suggests to me that obama is the most `` pro-europe '' president we 're going to get . 
   their strategy in syria is n't really going anywhere , and i have no idea what 's going on in ukraine any more that situation seems never ending . 
  gon na sound like a real dick here , but that sounds like europe 's fault , not obama 's . 
  europe ( germany ) did n't get their shit together on the ukrainian response , and every loved unilateral actions like invading yet another sovereign country . 
  also the us was real popular in europe when they were made to be `` responsible '' for the potential european gas crisis because of the sanctions . 
  everyone knows what needs to be done in syria , yet i do n't hear britons bothering their ministers about getting some boots in the ground , no americans either ... because wars are unpopular right now and bombing runs are all that can really be done . 
  bombing runs canada wo n't participate in , and turkey makes less effective by bombing the only effective ground force in syria ( the kurds ) . 
   the u.s. needs a strong european policy . 
  it should use its powers of persuasion to get britain to integrate deeper into the union , rather than seek veto powers and opt-outs . 
  british rejectionism is a major threat to european stability , and instability wo n't benefit the u.s. in any way . 
  america also should lean on poland , the most u.s.-oriented country in eastern europe , to help get the recalcitrant region in line on immigration and refugees : it is not in the u.s. interest for chancellor angela merkel of germany to fail in her efforts to resolve the crisis through a pan-european solution . 
   the u.s. should also pitch in to resolve the crisis , which partly arose from its own military interventions in the middle east . 
  c'mon there is n't a point to this article , it 's a european 's wish list ... with the added insult of blaming the us for the migrant crisis and complete disregard to the major us contributions in the bombing runs which i may remind everyone can not be escalated . 
  it 's a shitshow all around and all i wanted to say with my previous comment was `` be the squeaky wheel '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_largest_trading_partners_of_the_united_states as a single economy apparently . 
  but not by much and china ( along with the rest of asia ) is rising . 
  countries put in efforts where they will be fruitful , so do politicians . 
  i 'd like to remind you europeans of the `` safe vote '' concept . 
  if you are a `` safe vote '' ( weak and/or already decided ) then you are ignored . 
  and unless vladmir vladonovitch vladosky decides to `` vlad '' estonia up , or france starts considering joining the noivo ussr , it 's not going to change the american `` pivot to asia '' strategy . 
  who is eu chasing ? 
  who is the eu negotiating with ? 
  not a shitty eastern european country , they are negotiating with * britain * ** a ** ( edit ) strong and ( as of right now ) undecided country .
