  nearly half of your own country does n't think so . 
  happened to every minority . 
  only one of them thinks blowing people up is good though . 
  stop trying to justify these animals . 
  they wanted us dead in the age of the ottomans and they want us dead now . 
  no amount of kowtowing will change that . 
  in case you have n't noticed we 're losing territory to islamists . 
  nothing is going to change until they fight for their country . 
  which europe would be wise to deny and pump the opposition with cheap armaments and gear on loan . 
  i 'll be amazed if they did n't . 
  it seems natural , that if someone was bending you over and giving you the turkish dick you 'd be planning some way to get out of that shitty situation asap . 
  how hard could it be to pay the italian/greek armed forces a little extra to beef up security ? 
  but my guess is they 're going to use this crisis as an excuse to push the `` eu army '' . 
  they do n't , they 're too good to be resettled in `` rural '' areas . 
  killing themselves , that 's funny . 
  did you learn that one at school ? 
  did the armenians also commit mass suicide ? 
   it 's the people who still have feudalism and tribalism we 're talking about sounds more like your average islamist to me . 
  only because you 'll kill em if they try . 
  it 's not the `` traitor '' allocation i 'm angry about ( nowhere in the world are traitors treated with the same decorum as regular people , even here in the us you 'd have problems finding a spot for terrorists ) , it 's the turk 's designation system which we all know is bullshit . 
  traitor means something . 
  turkey has changed since the days of the secularists . 
  to say it is not `` your culture '' is to ignore decades of islamist scheming and politics . 
  everything is different . 
  well except for the kurd killing . 
  edit : for the butthurt here , think of it logically ... if the customs of secularists so long ago are being used as an `` example of turkish culture '' then are the crimes committed at the time ** by the very same people ** also not an example ? 
  ataturk and his horde of kemalist savages were monsters , preferable to islamists , but monsters nonetheless . 
  is it not more cruel to kill hundreds of thousands in tiny drone strikes , to throw away thousands of western lives for nothing ? 
  is it `` good '' to allow your own countrymen to die so that you can crow on top of their bodies `` at least i did not murder '' ? 
  people are going to die , regardless . 
  the very least we can do is clean up some of the mess . 
   the islamic world needs education not war you can not educate those who refuse to learn . 
  even the two success stories ( germany and japan ) had to be bombed into submission . 
  dresden , hiroshima , nagasaki were fresh in the minds of the axis nationals when they were re-educated . 
  they knew that we held the ultimate power of destruction over them . 
  the germans were not soundly defeated in the first world war , so this entire `` stabbed in the back '' mythos began . 
  if we want to end this culture war , we need to make our military supremacy clear . 
  monsieur pls , all that salt will ruin your palate take it easy man , i 'm just pointing out that bias exists when it comes to preferences . 
  it 's perfectly possible that a person could be giving british cheese an unfair shake based on regional recognition alone . 
  of course i 'm going to mention the contest as evidence of that . 
  there is the possibility , mind you the * possibility * that the label of french could blind one to great taste . 
  here is california wiping the floor with french wines . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judgment_of_paris_%28wine%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judgment_of_paris_%28wine%29#30th_anniversary here is california doing it again , in 2006 . 
  30 years after the fact with many of the original french tasters . 
   field said suppressing the names and pictures of terrorists would contribute to the anxiety of the public and the feeling that they were being kept in the dark by the mainstream media , adding that such censorship was ridiculous in the age of social media . 
  between both paragraphs you end up with the two prevailing arguments on this thread . 
  the censorship wo n't work because someone ( here michel field ) will always break from the group . 
  but i was n't arguing that point , i was arguing what would happen if they successfully pulled off something like a mainstream media name embargo . 
  michel covered the same , even if his disagreement means his hypothetical wo n't come to fruition . 
  it 's still worth discussing . 
  great way to have people check out right wing sources , who will `` poison '' their truth with editorial stuff . 
  they also get the added bonus of being able to claim that the mainstream news outlets are biased and withholding `` truth '' from them . 
  ( and the withholding part will be apparent to everyone ) . 
  the lack of quality of some right wing tabloids will also ensure that the first impression ( the first story ) will also be the wrong one . 
  all because the mainstream media in france is conspiring to end the link of islam in these attacks , or because as some commenters here claim they 're naive thinking that terror attacks will end because there 's not going to be individual fame . 
  ( they do n't do that in the us , because true lone wolves are n't motivated the same way as terror suspects ) grats frenchies , you 're going to play yourselves . 
  terror wo n't stop and le pen will grow even stronger . 
  sure , but the left is n't going to change their mad practice of importing military aged muslim men , so the `` nutjobs '' are coming in anyways . 
  poland . 
   greatest threat is the eu forcing us to deal with each other around a table . 
  you guys got to stop riding nato 's nuts to promote the eu . 
  nato is a great functioning alliance that has ensured the prosperity of europe by keeping russian aggression out of the pact nations . 
  the eu is an internationalist scheme suffering from severe mission creep . 
  nato has a well defined structure , clear scope/expectations , and is run by military men . 
  the eu is run by fools who velkommen and ca n't even perform the functions it has and is asking for even more power . 
  you people do n't need eu to function , you need to grow some balls ( military spending ) , grow some empathy ( stop trying to coerce the individual nations to give up sovereignty in exchange for help ) and grow a sense of solidarity ( with the nations who have to deal with putin , maybe you do n't need his gas , maybe you do n't need russian goods ) edit : you ca n't downvote reality , federalists . 
  faster the country is stabilized the faster the refugees can go home . 
  that was a half-assed war , one in which europe was brought in kicking and screaming . 
  the political landscape has changed , people understand now what will happen if the middle east is not contained , a total war is needed to bring down insurgents . 
  what solution does the left have ? 
  state sponsored blowjobs ? 
  more free shit ? 
  fuck no this is not an equal blame situation . 
  how dare you . 
  what 's the purpose of signing them on for a treaty that says we will then ? 
  de gaulle was a pompous credit stealing fool who sowed no small share of division himself . 
  and the reason why you want to learn from the brits is because they 're people who just said `` fuck you '' to the european project , something i think you guys want to continue . 
  you 're going to want to listen to their grievances because they 're not alone . 
  there 's a rising tide of nationalism coming up as a result of it . 
  ignoring the concerns of patriots will not make them go away . 
  we care about nato , and understand the importance of deterrence . 
  having trump say he wo n't respect article 5 is like having him say he wo n't push the button , it makes him unworthy of the presidency . 
  this . 
  is it `` good '' of european leaders to let in a rogue wave of muslim military aged men if they were warned what was going to happen if they were let in ? 
  no edrogan pls , we need to recapture constantinople . 
  nobody is going to allow trump to dissolve nato . 
  we 'd sooner kick him out than let any eastern european countries fall under the russian boot . 
  that being said , he could certainly weaken the hell out of it by making ee politicians feel that nato is uncertain . 
  he 's doing that whole `` and mexico will pay for it '' spiel all over again , with good intentions ( i guess ? 
  in his mind he can make europe not be freeloaders ) . 
  but as i said , he has no leverage . 
  he 'd face a congressional revolt if he allowed a hybrid invasion . 
  if federalist boot lickers could at least try to understand the point being made instead of turning everything in reverse for a comeback that does n't even make sense ... that 'd be great !, 
  that 's not as bad idea as you would think . 
  you pound a guy on the mat , and that 's pent up aggression you 're not using on the streets . 
  they also get a crash course in martial discipline . 
  the problem here was the refusal to recognize people 's potential for violence in the first place . 
  literally everyone outside of the yuropean paradise saw the crisis coming . 
  the german problem is political , not material , not logistical . 
  germany has the resources to deal with an islamist invasion .
