  and then they complain , when market share is low or they ca n't use american services because of regional bullshit . 
  and then the americans are the bad guys ( every foreign subreddit thread about netflix ever ) i 'm not saying regulation is bad , because we could sure use some regulation in the states in some areas of life ... however regulation has its costs ... one of them being innovation cost . 
  people need to learn to accept that their laws and regulations ( their votes ) have consequences . 
  you ca n't fix a broken europe with more europe . 
   hesitant transnational cooperation you expect countries that watched greece drown in migrants to trust the german reich with their own countries ? 
  countries are hesitant for a reason , that needs to be addressed first , trust must be earned before talks of federalization can begin . 
  for all this criticism of lack of regulations , you guys seem to be chasing the pipe dream that centralized control will be the key to competing with americans.it wo n't and you 'll only hurt people in the process . 
  eh if eu was capable of `` innovation '' they would n't have a measly 4 percent market share . 
  over regulation stifles innovation , as much as i really admire some of the cool things you guys managed to do with transport , and that thing where you manage to make boys look like girls . 
  xd here 's what 's really going to happen , i think this might sound familiar to a bunch of you film students ... . there 's going to be a `` start up fund '' . 
  every `` start up '' guy is going to submit their dumb idea to rake in that money , and us based tech firms are going to pay for it . 
  you 're more likely to get subsidized bad ideas than actual market share . 
  lay off the tech regulations and you 'll have better tech companies . 
  it 's not just the us , mexico and various latin american countries all paid the `` freedom price '' . 
  they all suffered economically for their right to self-determination ... and the idea that `` a month 's pay '' is somehow excessive is laughable to anyone on this side of the world . 
  how much do you briton 's think it cost the us to build a navy , to navigate between hostile brits and frenchies each demanding that the country not trade with the other , the two wars fought against both powers for the right to be left alone , the war fought against the barbary pirates because the newly founded union lost the protection of the crown 's ships and treaties ? 
  all being said and done , every nation on this side of the planet paid a much heavier price than `` one month 's pay '' . 
   i do realise that ` british influence ' matters less to most britons than to many in washington , and i expect that most inhabitants of these islands would rather have purely economic relations with the rest of the world and be done with it that 's not true , if british media is to be believed the brits do three things daily , drink tea , whinge and worry about their place in the world . 
  i remember when obama first got elected ( is this the end of shared heritage ? 
  ) , when they left iraq ( is britain risking her position on the world stage ? 
  ) , when they fucked up thousands of miles of american ecosystem in the gulf spill ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/comment/columnists/benedict-brogan/7815412/this-relationship-is-special-despite-the-bp-oil-spill.html ) if an american chooses a breakfast that is n't the full english , there 's probably a briton that worries about how that will have an effect on british influence . 
  britain is very self-conscious nation . 
   in washington , the opposition to a british withdrawal from the european union is deep , broad and bipartisan , shared by liberal democrats and conservative republicans alike . 
  fine , washington is against brexit , but who gives a shit about what the establishment thinks ? 
  what about the american people ? 
  as london 's mayor boris johnson so eloquently puts it , we would n't submit ourselves to the sort of things that obama expects the uk to do ( to lose her sovereignty ) . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/2016/03/16/boris-johnson-americans-would-never-accept-eu-restrictions--so-w/  would the americans knuckle under -- to a nafta commission and parliament generating about half their domestic law ? 
  would they submit to a nafta court of justice -- supreme over all us institutions -- and largely staffed by mexicans and canadians whom the people of the us could neither appoint nor remove ? 
  no way . 
  the idea is laughable , and completely alien to american traditions . 
  the reason why obama is in the uk promoting britain 's vile submission to the german boot is because he ca n't get america to agree to something so stupid . 
  so he 's going somewhere where he still has influence to push people around ( a self-conscious weakened uk , being threatened by two economic behemoths ) obama does n't speak for us . 
  you 'd think britons would get that seeing as the nation turned him into a lame duck . 
   the isolationist wings of both parties do n't care one way or the other about brexit . 
  but then , the followers of donald trump and bernie sanders also do n't care about nato , the special relationship , you know who really does n't care about a special relationship ? 
  people who wo n't back up their friends unless they vote a certain way ...  a revanchist russia is not content to flirt with military challenges to the western alliance , using its jets to buzz american ships or swoop close to british airspace opposition to eu ! = opposition to nato . 
  ukip , one of the leading advocates of the `` leave '' campaign , has always been on the side of strengthening britain 's defenses ... and meeting the 2 % funding goals of nato , which even the tories have hesitated to do . 
  it is a joke to suggest that they are `` isolationists '' because they wo n't join the eu or that they are somehow unprepared to deal with russia . 
  they should go and fight . 
  if we go by votes , then the brits vote against the us about half the time in the united nations . 
  some people are good at jokes , others are better at not surrendering to nazis . 
  takes all kinds my friend . 
  better than your captains . 
  http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/12605285.british_captain_feared_dead_as_ship_sinks_off_lebanon/ are n't ships supposed to be your thing ? 
  i do n't blame poor wales for you . 
  makes sense , nobody beats the french in evasiveness and stealth . 
  i 'm conflicted about this : on one hand i support the national sovereignty of the united kingdom , on the other i really believe the eu and their laws + conventions are currently doing a better job protecting rights than the tories . 
  the way i see it though , in the end it 's easier to chuck out the tory government than it would be to change an unjust rule or law imposed on them from unelected eurocrats whether they be the swedes , french , or ( coming soon ! ), 
  turks . 
  get your shit together uk . 
  that being said i see nothing wrong with making it easier to deport people , refugee claimants or no ... it 's getting out of hand . 
  the politicians do , not the people . 
  pls say no yurop . 
  constitutional bans are only as effective as the population wants them to be , fill the population with turks , afghans , etc. 
  and it 's worth no more than toilet paper . 
  it 's not a bad thought , but people tend to put too much stock into the constitutions of their countries ... ultimately the only thing keeping our rights is ourselves . 
  not the government , not a piece of paper , but us and the means we have to defense . 
  that would be ultimately the fault of the left for failing to heed common sense and providing no other alternative . 
  orban 's enemies , and those leftists abroad who prefer to lick the german boot made their beds they could have chosen another battleground , but this is the hill they chose to die on . 
  and it 's going to cost them votes . 
  leaders of nazi germany who were artists = 1 leaders of nazi germany who studied stem = 0 science !, 
  seriously though , nazi germany pretty much showed everyone how dangerous the arts + humanities can be when you let them stew in stupid ideas . 
  specially that guy goebbels . 
  ( doctorate in philosophy . ), 
   i think i have a better idea : legislation that bars public learning institutions and private learning institutions that rely too much on public money from having curriculums that are marred in ideology and heavily politicized too easily abused , non-politicization is the tool of the establishment . 
  anti-hate speech is being abused , anti-fascism is being abused , in a german game i used to play ( tibia , from those nazis in cipsoft ) civility and `` positive feedback '' were abused in order to silence criticism of the game and devs . 
  we need a government that tells others `` you can not restrict speech '' , and nothing else . 
  it 's a hurdle nonetheless , they go from visa free travel to visa required if they visited iran within 8 months . 
  https://travel.state.gov/content/visas/en/visit/visa-waiver-program.html travel.state.gov  visas  tourism & visit  visa waiver program print email visa waiver program expand all important notice overview the visa waiver program ( vwp ) enables most citizens or nationals of participating countries * to travel to the united states for tourism or business for stays of 90 days or less without first obtaining a visa , when they meet all requirements explained below . 
  travelers must have a valid electronic system for travel authorization ( esta ) approval prior to travel . 
  if you prefer to have a visa in your passport , you may still apply for a visitor ( b ) visa . 
  requirements for using the visa waiver program ( vwp ) you must meet all of the following requirements to travel to the united states on the vwp : expand all travel purpose must be permitted on a visitor ( b ) visa the following are examples of activities permitted while in the united states on the vwp . 
  in additiona , transiting or traveling through the united states to canada or mexico is generally permitted for vwp travelers . 
  business : consult with business associates attend a scientific , educational , professional , or business convention or conference attend short-term training ( you may not be paid by any source in the united states with the exception of expenses incidental to your stay ) negotiate a contract learn more about business travel to the united states ( pdf - 362 kb ) . 
  tourism : travel purposes not permitted on visa waiver program -- examples : the following are examples of activities not permitted on the vwp and require visas for travel to the united states : study , for credit employment work as foreign press , radio , film , journalists , or other information media permanent residence in the united states citizen or national of vwp designated country * citizens or nationals of the following countries * are currently eligible to travel to the united states under the vwp , unless citizens of one of these countries are also a national of iraq , iran , syria , or sudan . 
  andorra hungary norway australia iceland portugal austria ireland san marino belgium italy singapore brunei japan slovakia chile latvia slovenia czech republic liechtenstein south korea denmark lithuania spain estonia luxembourg sweden finland malta switzerland france monaco taiwan * germany netherlands united kingdom ** greece new zealand ** to be eligible to travel under the vwp , british citizens must have the unrestricted right of permanent abode in england , scotland , wales , northern ireland , the channel islands , and the isle of man . 
  each traveler must have authorization under esta in order to travel without a visa on the vwp , you must have authorization through the electronic system for travel authorization ( esta ) prior to boarding a u.s. bound air or sea carrier . 
  esta is the department of homeland security ( dhs ) , customs and border protection 's ( cbp ) automated web-based system to determine eligibility to travel without a visa to the united states for tourism or business . 
  visit the esta webpage on the cbp website for more information . 
  visa waiver program improvement and terrorist travel prevention act of 2015 under the visa waiver program improvement and terrorist travel prevention act of 2015 , travelers in the following categories are no longer eligible to travel or be admitted to the united states under the visa waiver program ( vwp ) :  nationals of vwp countries who have traveled to or been present in iran , iraq , sudan , or syria on or after march 1 , 2011 ( with limited exceptions for travel for diplomatic or military purposes in the service of a vwp country ) . 
   nationals of vwp countries who are also nationals of iran , iraq , sudan , or syria . 
   these individuals will still be able to apply for a visa using the regular appointment process at a u.s. embassy or consulate . 
  for those who require a u.s. visa for urgent business , medical , or humanitarian travel to the united states , u.s. embassies and consulates stand ready to handle applications on an expedited basis . 
  i have no clue how fast or efficient the regular visitor visa process is but it is a hurdle . 
  people doing business tend to like fast . 
  [ you forgot some for germany ] ( https://tse2.mm.bing.net/th?id=oip.m38350fab874361a478f7447eff562457o0&amp;pid=15.1 ), 
   maltese is n't an official language i second this . 
  yeah but his father was french , i 'd say that 's a pretty strong argument for him being french . 
  yeah i 'm aware of the eu rule , the other guy mentioned that and it 's a link in the article , i was merely addressing a possible argument before it was made . 
  that the us is clamping down on travel . 
  personally i get why a rule like that would be made , but i 'd take my chances with the visas before making such a deal . 
  i do n't imagine many european governments want to keep americans away . 
  i understand what you are saying and i 've used that argument myself ... however giving arms to the ukraine is more risky than merely sending armored units back to europe . 
  we are not willing to risk nuclear war to save ukraine , even if it was completely engulfed ... 
  i fear the moment we approve of serious intervention they will also openly intervene and consume ukraine . 
  my understanding of the situation ( which is not a general 's understanding i 'll admit ) is that reinforcing central and eastern europe is less provocative than arming ukraine . 
  and seeing as how we had no armor in europe for a while it might not be the smartest move to make right now . 
  in my mind the choice is between losing ukraine completely ( we wo n't contest it ) and keeping some of it while moving armor to the east and telling our eastern friends we have their back . 
  maybe you and the other commenter above me have different ideas on what would happen and i 'd be glad to hear them . 
   scaparrotti told the senate armed services committee he thought washington should supply ukraine with the arms it needs to defend itself against russian-backed forces , including an anti-tank missile like the javelin .
