  is there genitalia ? 
  questions on what constitutes `` hate speech '' are much harder to answer , hell you europeans ca n't even seem to agree on the definition here on this thread . 
  of course sexual content is deleted quicker . 
  i dunno , i look forward to seeing the european system work on non-natives . 
  for so long we 've had europe whinging about the american justice system ( which to be fair is excessively punitive/exploitative ) and i wonder if any countries can pull it off . 
  good luck with that , personally would n't want to be the guinea pig but may you guys find the fastest route to balance possible with the least amount of rapes . 
   it is wrong to compare putin to hitler . 
  he invaded another country using `` protecting russians '' as an excuse . 
   immediately after the anschluss of austria into the third reich in march 1938 , hitler made himself the advocate of ethnic germans living in czechoslovakia , triggering the `` sudeten crisis '' . 
  the following month , sudeten nazis , led by konrad henlein , agitated for autonomy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sudetenland#sudeten_crisis people compare vladmir to adolf for good reason . 
  it 's not a smear campaign . 
   as a standard or a moral beacon germany is far better when it comes to freedoms and human rights than saudis point taken , but we 're not comparing germany and saudi arabia , we 're comparing germany and everyone else not in the `` best '' club . 
  that is a much more complicated issue as the poles , the hungarians and the baltics are n't necessarily murdering gays and apostates ... much harder to crown one country ( or a group of countries `` best '' . 
  the commenter above you pointed out that muslims slaughtered gays like animals , they 're pointing out the obvious evil ... just like you . 
  just like anyone should . 
  however letting dudes hang their junk around in gay parades public ally acting like a bunch of degenerates is a completely separate issue , one that requires much more delicate discussion . 
  not as black and white as your `` saudi example '' . 
   freedom  liberty  equal and who determines what those are ? 
  the germans ? 
  the major european powers ? 
  the same people who ignored two democratic referendums ? 
  are people truly free if their choices are invalidated by eurocrats ? 
  are people at liberty with `` german '' values ? 
  people are arrested daily for social media posts , the german prime minister strong armed facebook into enforcing it 's ridiculous speech laws on a private site , is this liberty ? 
  equality , what makes someone equal ? 
  i 'm sure you have advocated for treating someone differently than others . 
  what merits the removal of equal treatment ? 
  what makes equality in all circumstances a better choice than inequality ? 
  i would agree , ultimately germany deserved the blame , but austria did send those ridiculous list of demands that would make even the thalmor blush . 
   best of western countries as a standard who determines what is best ? 
   nato doing something =  nato should force greece and turkey you mean the us right ? 
  nah , we ought to be like the germans and let you poor greek bastards get overrun . 
  karmic justice and whatnot . 
  also `` forcing '' people ? 
  really ? 
  you think that 's going to be received well by the europeans ? 
  by the turks who we kinda depend on to keep russia landlocked ? 
  literally why not germany ? 
  those krauts , not only defiled the democratic tradition by dismissing two referendums , but they also have no problem with bullying greece and dangling that sweet eu position in front of turkey as is . 
  there 's no need for nato . 
   and it 's not like your police is globally renowned for political correctness . 
  pretty sure germany would love a scapegoat to denounce and unload some of that holocaust era shame . 
  greece does n't want to give them a chance . 
  germany is hitting greece hard as is , threatening schengen and all sorts of sanctions , for greece to go hardcore would essentially give up their last advantage against the eu , sympathy . 
  nobody is going to advocate for a `` racist '' country . 
  i think there 's some truth to that , people can love being proved right even if there 's human suffering caused from that . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yea_khhlow people can get excited about the possibilities that did n't exist before the crisis , and people get so caught up in that they forget about the human toll . 
  that 's politics . 
  that being said , some right winger jacking off to this does n't invalidate his opinion . 
  judge ideas by their merit . 
  yeah , if you guys do n't give a shit now ( about a whole mess of things but specifically people 's democratic referendums ) , i really would n't want to be in a union where not giving a shit was protected by law . 
  in the us , small states are over-represented and we rarely subvert people 's choices to be fuck ups . 
  ( except for that whole flint , michigan water crisis , that was our bad . ), 
  damn your sympathy . 
  jokes aside i find the way greece has been treated very cruel and evidence that a central europe will only make people suffer . 
  the bbc is pretty bad , which is a shame because at one point in time i respected it above many other publications . 
  honestly given these last couple of months , i 've found myself thinking that the shit on bbc and the guardian is possibly more harmful than the daily mail or breitbart in that at least with the latter two you expect to have to verify your find and ask around for a possible angle . 
  with the former , they still have credibility . 
   i do n't think it 's a good thing , based on my own country 's history . 
  what history is that ? 
  overrepresenting smaller states and giving them money in far greater quantities than they put in ? 
  giving them first dibs on a party basis to choose our own candidates ? 
  ( who drop out during primaries ? ), 
  the reason why there has n't been a second civil war is because there 's really nothing to fight about that people are able to point out . 
  there 's no london , no berlin where wealth is poured into at the expense of the areas around it , small rural areas have a disproportionate say in our politics and generally require all sorts of kickbacks in order to pass legislation . 
  completely different from the eu . 
  yeah but you ca n't expect swedes to use the common sense . 
   the decision is explained with the fact he is carrying out activity that breaches the vienna convention on diplomatic relation , focus news agency quotes the source as saying . 
   while he was tasked with working in social affairs , most of his activity was in the regigious sphere , according to the diplomat . 
   emiroglu worked as an imam in a turkey city prior to being sent to bulgaria , and `` diplomats '' reportedly deem his current religious activity in bulgaria incompatible with his diplomatic status . 
  so many good reasons to cut off relations with the turkish sultan and his horde , and they choose having a too-religious diplomat as the reason ? 
  : / that 's not a good reason , but this article tells me next to nothing . 
  as stated in / r/worldnews this is basically paris peace treaty 2.0 , instead of taking out the true value of the damages + fines and bankrupting/crippling the company , volkswagen will contribute by creating electrical cars in exchange for a fine reduction . 
  we basically get a head start on electrical car development , possible new customers , american jobs , and an infastructure for electrical cars ( due to increased supply of cars ) . 
  it 's a fair deal . 
   immigration policies are not going to keep a wave of refugees from fleeing from war . 
  they wo n't but a proper defense + border protection budget will . 
  europe skimped out on both and now does n't have the resources to handle this . 
  to put it simply : the european south was always a porous mess , unauthorized people found it easy to move through , and back then nobody wanted to handle the problem . 
  now you have an emergency , and the practices that did n't work then work even less now . 
  ** let 's assume the united states bears the blame 100 % ** , i 'll level with you . 
  even if this was the case you 're attempting to charge someone for a new car , when the car that was involved in the accident , was a wrecked piece of shit to begin with . 
  europe had no containment facilities , very few available shelters and resources ( thanks to regulation ) , very little border resources . 
  as i told a spanish friend , even if europe invaded guatemala and created the exact same problem , it would n't have gone down anywhere near what happened in greece or austria . 
  because here we 're prepared . 
  left wingers tend to be opposed to the concept of hypergamy , that women tend to marry men who are more well off than them . 
  goes against their belief that men and women are interchangeable . 
  but as i said , many sides will agree on this fact ( their reactions will be different ) just got to present it properly . 
  had i said `` increase a woman 's salary and she wo n't want to marry some poor sap '' , people would get offended and say `` that 's not true '' . 
  assuming that was the case we 're right back where we started . 
  what was the order ? 
   in fact 2 of my comrades from my military times died from an rpg attack on their vehicle in afghanistan . 
  i also had several other friends that went to afghanistan , some of them came back with ptsd . 
  they lifted a lot more fingers for the war on terror than you did . 
  and that covers several of your friends . 
  what about the rest of your country ? 
  you are making an emotional argument out of a logistical one . 
  if germany hired 100 men to guard their borders , were overrun and some were killed , does that make it wrong for the polish civilian who had 20,000 men guard his borders to point out that germany does not care as much about protecting its borders ? 
  having people die does not change the reality of the situation that europe ( as a continent ) did not value the war on terror to spend anywhere near the amount of money as the united states did . 
  let 's take a look at the 2nd biggest contributor to the wars , the united kingdom .
