  the latin american nations would n't like the feeling of the united states backing a colonial power seeing as the us is already considered one thanks to the cold war efforts . 
  the us has more to lose backing the uk in a situation that the uk can handle itself . 
  ( argentina is n't going to invade again ), 
   a british spouse . 
  i do n't think your friends are that desperate . 
  also i believe there 's an income requirement for the spouse independent of the non-british spouse , so they 'd be fucked anyways . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6syr1tjbga gaddafi may have been an ass ... but check it . 
   well that is n't my view , my view is that everyone can present solutions and we should choose the one that has the biggest positive/tiniest negative for the biggest amount of people . 
  you 're basically advocating for open borders/wealth redistribution then like some dirty communist . 
  the `` best '' ( in the utilitarian sense ) thing would be to do that , but hell if you 'll see me give up my standard of life for your guilt . 
  you can do it and leave us alone . 
  yes , they 're taking advantage of the us ... 
  i was ripping them . 
  if they were geographically closer to europe they 'd be fucked . 
  and how would they `` work together '' ? 
  germany welcomed them in , germany should take them . 
  nothing right wing about that . 
  instead you 're a hat who literally does n't have to fund a military based on geographic proximity to the us . 
  how long before trudeau decides to take full advantage of that ? 
  then again i would n't wish the way germany treat countries on anybody . 
   `` threat '' yes because those mass sexual assaults , increased violence and the possibility of terrorist infiltration with 500k badly processed migrants is a `` threat '' . 
   instead of working together you ca n't work together with a member of a religion whose majority believes in killing apostates . 
  this is the ideal situation because they actually do have great ideas . 
  but leftists are so caught up in the way the world * ought * to be , they forget about how it is . 
  they 're arrogant . 
  and in their arrogance they do stupid shit like import military aged muslim males while totally not expecting a rise in rapes and a need for a larger police force . 
  in their arrogance they ca n't understand why it is people get mad when they tell their citizen females guidelines to avoid sexual assault . 
  then some right wing lunatic ( not that they all are ) is able to call them out on their failings , and gain supporters because he 's doing what the left should have done , exercised a bit of pragmatism . 
  yes , but the point is france would n't have dared attack if the united states had a decent navy , just like the barbary pirates did n't make it a habit of attacking french ships . 
  facing might makes for a much more grey view of ethics . 
   if it were n't for the us war on drugs and marijuana still being illegal in most states ( and federally for that matter ) , then mexico would be doing even better and the cartel would be greatly diminished compared to its present strength . 
  legalizing drugs would basically cripple if not destroy their crime syndicates for good . 
  i disagree , the italian mafia did n't go away because of prohibition 's repeal , it went away because of giving flexibility and new tools to the federal authorities . 
  if you remove drug revenue from a cartel whose government is n't ready to eat them alive , you 're just going to get angry poorer cartels fighting for scraps , and expanding into other businesses like prostitution and extortion . 
   france 's response to the usa trying to weasel it 's way out of it 's debts was to not let itself be bullied and recoup its due anyway . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't realize that attacking american ** merchant shipping ** was `` collecting their due '' . 
  attacking a civilian to make a point is `` terrorism '' but taking their property afterward makes it `` collecting their due '' huh ? 
   payed it 's debts in the first place no retaliation would have been necessary . 
  and france would n't have dared touch a merchant ship had the us not dismantled their navy years before . 
   french outrage led to a series of responses . 
  the response was piracy the brazen theft and destruction of american property , which the us moved to prevent by speaking to the foreign minister , whose government then demanded a bribe . 
  naturally that was n't going to happen . 
  and let me apologize on behalf of the american people , since the us government has n't fallen as many times as the french it is ill equipped to handle such delicate matters as the french are . 
  germany needs to stop giving russians so much ammunition then . 
  sounds like  no x wants you to kill isis , because - insert elaborate plan here . 
  really the only way to solve the problem about pumping muslim military aged hordes of men is to stop bringing them over . 
  do n't blame the russians because people think your plan sucks . 
   they allow us to pretend we are close friends with one of the big guys . 
  everybody wins . 
  since when is britain a `` big guy '' ? 
   does germany , italy , spain etc. ? 
  what would you call those partners ? 
  they 're clearly free riding much harder than britain or france . 
  some of you freeride harder than others , does n't make you guys not freeriders . 
   spain . 
  spain is a puta . 
  less relevant than estonia , more anti-american than france and a freerider to boot . 
  britain bums cigarettes , france will drink your beer , but spain will borrow your car and leave it without gasoline . 
  can we kick the latvians too ? 
  : / god i ca n't stand them . 
  i got that reference . 
   if we did that , there just would n't be a nato . 
  in more ways than one , we 'd become germany barking orders to other nations . 
  that 's not how us foreign policy works . 
   while turkish fighters are taking the lead among isis foreign fighters , french fighters come next . 
  i somehow doubt those fighters are named `` pierre '' . 
  good job assimilating them . 
  also would be a good time to note that the current influx of military aged muslim males will probably have effects lasting 30 + years from now ... the second generation probably running off to do stupid things like this as well . 
   two thirds of isis manpower are from saudi arabia , tunisia , morocco and egypt . 
  25 % of isis fighters are saudis , the data disclosed . 
  am i to understand the the saudis make up non-combat roles then ? 
  pretty sure the us government is n't in any hurry to accept an unstable state , and there would be opposition on the side of old europe who would n't want to deal with putin 's tantrum . 
  it 's not looking good for them on either the eu or nato fronts . 
   today they are censoring ( because that 's what it is ) gd fascists . 
  tomorrow , they could use the same procedures to censor opposition to economic changes , euroscepticism , socialism ideas , right wing ideas and so on and so forth . 
  this man gets it . 
  do n't institute rules you would n't want used against you , very few people think they 're unreasonable . 
  http://satwcomic.com/e-elt hehehe, 
  if the burger is giving them this much trouble , they might as well surrender now before the breakfast burrito gets there . 
   the sit-down meal has suffered from the dwindling amount of time the french -- long reputed to be lovers of the long lunch -- spend on their meals . 
   the average time spent on meal in france has dropped from an hour and 20 minutes in 1975 to less than half an hour today . 
  now that is a tragedy . 
  i 've always wanted to retake constantinople . 
  https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2015/11/17/how-were-welcoming-syrian-refugees the plan has always been to take 10,000 refugees , and if you do n't like the number ... let me remind you can always pull your own weight in defense and on the war on terrorism . 
  i disagree with you on the `` family '' part , but i agree with the `` germany and france '' part . 
  they will never take britain 's former role . 
  5 years ago i would have said france is too proud and independent to consider any long term friendship with the us ... but now she is too weak . 
  a german lapdog , a limb in the monstrosity that is the eu supergovernment . 
  australia for new super best friend in asia , poland for europe . 
  shit i posted that link too . 
  : / but i personally think britain took the dick cake with thatcher going behind us 's back on german reunification . 
  we sold british nuke secrets to moscow , angering the brits . 
  these articles come out every couple years , brits get anxious about their place in the world and they eat this shit right up . 
  i 'm guessing given the eu referendum coming by it 's about time they start worrying again . 
  the future is in asia anyways . 
  the brits should know , seeing as they stabbed us in the back with the chinese megabank . 
  but it 's bad news for the us too , britain 's departure leaves us without a steady political ally . 
  ( trudeau pretty much kills any reliable friendship with canada , germany is too busy trying to establish the 4th reich by proving she can fix problems on a european scale to give a shit about global , and the french , are french . ), 
  so uh australia ? 
  what you doing this weekend ?
