   faces can only be solved either by further integration what good is a tool if you do n't / ca n't use it ? 
  europe was more than capable of repelling the muslim hoarde with just one national army , they chose not to for humanitarian reasons . 
  why would anyone want to give mutti merkel ( the one who invited these people in ) an army ? 
  there 's no faith in the eu 's resolve , you need faith before you can ask for more power . 
  technically we do n't know how many people voted just because of the recession scare , or because they wanted some ancillary perk but despise the eu as an institution , while those who voted leave could be said to hate the eu as they voted to leave it . 
  anti eu sentiment could be much higher is what i 'm saying . 
  - cough - - cough - greece . 
  and i 'm sure farage mentioned something about the eu commisioner and ireland . 
  https://youtu.be/2gm9q8uabts?t=93 i get it , farage gets it , ireland and greece suck , but they 're still human and should not be deprived of their will . 
   the trouble with fighting for human freedom is that one spends most of one 's time defending scoundrels . 
  for it is against scoundrels that oppressive laws are first aimed , and oppression must be stopped at the beginning if it is to be stopped at all . 
  `` no comment '' , shut up . 
  injecting your opinion in foreign politics is something no american would tolerate if it happened to them ( netanyahu , the pakistani lobby after the ubl hunt ) i expect him to have the same amount of respect for the voters of other nations . 
  the same bad will that occurred immediately after obama sided with the eu ? 
  i heard no complaining from the merkel lovers when he did that . 
   why should the us intervene ? 
  because the eu had our president threaten the brits to get them to vote for them ? 
  it seems if he did that for `` stability '' reasons then it follows that he should help mitigate what 's already done . 
   trying to support a nation , not just any nation , our closest ally . 
  it does not benefit us to trade one of our staunchest allies for pissy internationalists , no matter how powerful . 
  oh it 's going to get real nasty . 
  i hope the us intervenes to keep cooler heads around instead of just blindly taking germany 's side on this . 
   they should be economically punished as hard as possible . 
  and it 's thinking like that that got you into this mess . 
  too good to negotiate with brits , but you bent over for the sultan . 
  should have kept that pragmatism switched on . 
  you ca n't put a price on freedom , on self-determination . 
  markets are shit at valuing anything without a price tag anyways , which is why laws are made to regulate and protect that which is important to us . 
  you want to lick german boots , go ahead . 
  they 'll certainly pay you enough , but every single country on this side of the world has paid a much larger price than the uk ever will . 
  that they should hesitate is laughable . 
   when you could n't get bread and milk in england really bad example , they could n't get those things because they chose to fight the germans . 
  this is nothing , the reality has n't really hit them right now ... they 're just posturing . 
  i legitimately believe there could be some self-harm to come from this . 
  damn the uk just pissed in everyone 's beer . 
  xd i do n't see how it 's their problem though . 
  oh you sweet summer child . 
  hahaha , the reason why is that there 's value to be had from nato . 
   also hi sithie , welcome to a new day . 
  oh i do n't doubt there will be efforts , i just think the union will be intact at the end of it . 
  that 's leftist wishful thinking . 
  they were sure of bremain too . 
  look where we are now . 
  get yourself together man . 
  just !, 
  it 's not sexist to point out reality . 
  we 're suckers for women and we 're especially sympathetic for our mothers . 
  i should feel more ashamed for my statement , but it 's something really really obvious that 's being ignored . 
  certain things are good and bad for campaigns . 
  that comment by farage , it 's going to be bad for him . 
  the sun has risen for the first time in decades . 
   rotherham votes to leave . 
  gee i wonder why ? 
  american here . 
  : / i got chips and shieet , salt free of course that 's what this thread is for . 
  it 's intentional , salt on the wound . 
  i do n't approve of it , but i can certainly why after bremain media tried crucifying him with it , he 'd do it . 
  must say a lot when a dead politician ca n't even revive your cause . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  if your freedom boner lasts more than 4 hours , seek medical attention . 
  ignore his flair pls . 
  this fight is n't over yet !, 
  leave back in the lead !, 
  `` it must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan , more doubtful of success , nor more dangerous to manage than a new system . 
  for the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institution and merely lukewarm defenders in those who gain by the new ones . 
  '' -- niccol\u00f2 machiavelli, 
  as long as england is standing , this war is not over . 
  i think we can all agree that the real winners here are the brexiters who put their money where their mouth is and bet on leave . 
  they 're gon na wake up rich tomorrow . 
  rain it seems , maybe the brits really are protected by god . 
  it 's about as confirmed as cleganebowl now . 
   most people are from outside the uk oh we know . 
   the trouble with fighting for human freedom is that one spends most of one 's time defending scoundrels . 
  for it is against scoundrels that oppressive laws are first aimed , and oppression must be stopped at the beginning if it is to be stopped at all . 
  and it was the decision of the eu to ignore with it . 
  `` we did n't ignore the people , those guys over there we negotiated with did ! '', 
  would have been real helpful in latin america that argument . 
  that 's just shitty ( or perfect ) timing . 
  but it 's not like the socialists at hollywood are secretly plotting against the biggest internationalist union since the ussr . 
  :p also our president kinda threatened brexiters with slow trade talks . 
  it is an amusing thought though . 
   germany bailed greece out if i 'm ever in that situation , please do n't have the germans bail me out . 
  those poor greeks should have defaulted and gone to the drachma rather than deal with junkferatu . 
  also ignoring the people 's rejection of the deal ? 
  that 's pretty damned low . 
  the usa 1 . 
  which had to fight a war ( where roughly 1 million died ) to establish federal supremacy nearly 100 years after its creation . 
  had the secessionists not rallied behind such an evil cause , they may have succeeded in their efforts . 
  which was never separated by natural barriers . 
  not in the north-south anyways . 
  no giant mountain ranges like the swiss , and the uk is quite literally an island , pro-eu propaganda to the contrary . 
  people ( states ) knew what they signed up for ... the eu was n't made as a supergovernment . 
  those who criticize it trying to become one have every right to . 
  current eu ( contrary to the propaganda ) is more undemocratic than the upper chamber of the us congress , which are elected by the american people . 
  ( though they were at one time appointed ) 5 . 
  you 're not the us , stop trying to be the us . 
  1000 's of years of cultural differences is n't going to wash away with social engineering . 
  you people do n't care for each other as europeans ( greece , germany ) , why the hell do you want people who do n't care about each other to have the power to overturn your national governments ? 
  britons , i will not lie to you . 
  your future looks cloudy af , but it will be slightly less cloudy with brexit .
