  opposite really , the brits tend to be massive followers . 
  sure they invented the all sorts of cool concepts we use , but a lot of it was actually made with the nobility in mind . 
   research by victorian historians showed that the original 1215 charter had concerned the medieval relationship between the monarch and the barons , rather than the rights of ordinary people , but the charter remained a powerful , iconic document , even after almost all of its content was repealed from the statute books in the 19th and 20th centuries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magna_carta also they seem to have an obsession with it in their dystopian works . 
  how much does that line up with the 51 % who would vote to stay in the eu i wonder ? 
  yeah but they 're totally effed now ... nowhere near as prominent as when they first started and looking back they only got as big as they did because liberal tears are the easiest way to get funded by equally kneejerky conservatives . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minuteman_project#august_2007_fake_murder_video ( a stupid incident )  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minuteman_project#internal_strife jim gilchrist 's legal issues with the ownership of the project . 
   in a june 2008 interview with the oc register , jim gilchrist stated , `` am i happy at the outcome of this whole movement ? 
  i am very , very sad , very disappointed '' . 
  he also added , `` there 's all kinds of organizations that have spawned from the minuteman project and i have to say , some of the people who have gotten into this movement have sinister intentions . 
  ... i have found , after four years in this movement ... i very well may have been fighting for people with less character and less integrity than the ` open border fanatics ' i have been fighting against '' , gilchrist concluded . 
  `` and that is a phenomenal indictment of something i have created . 
  aftermath . 
  vigilantes are value neutral like revolutions , they are the inevitable result of government failure to help people . 
  if we want to keep vigilantes out , we must always act in the interest of the people . 
   im a very sceptical remainer but this sovereignty thing gets parroted so much that people stop thinking about it and people who dont know better believe it . 
   it is not as simple as outers like to try to simplify actually it is very simple . 
   sovereignty is understood in jurisprudence as the full right and power of a governing body to govern itself without any interference from outside sources or bodies . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereignty if you are giving away power from the british parliament to an outside supergovernment comprised of turks , swedes and germans , then you are signing away the sovereignty of the british nation . 
  end of story . 
  full stop . 
  proeu faction needs to admit they hate or do n't particularly care for british sovereignty , anything else is just dishonest . 
  i do n't think this is a great idea , do n't get me wrong i 'm not pro islamic military aged males ... it 's just you ca n't really improve a migrant crisis by guarding the border yourself with a couple beer drinking buddies . 
  you can do a lot of cool things with just your buddies , you can form vigilante groups , you can protest government speeches , you can even engage in direct law breaking yourself to make political points . 
  hell even the vigilante patrols can claim that they maintained peace and all they really have to do is not commit crimes themselves . 
  but there 's no credit to be won from hunting migrants because there 's nothing one can really do . 
  only way to go is downhill in the court of popular opinion when you or some friend of yours does something stupid . 
   we are european , and i really do not want to share the fate of all the non-europeans who get 90/180 days in the schengen zone and have to apply for an almost impossible to acquire visa to stay longer or to do even a tiny bit of sales , marketing , product management , customer service , or training in the eu . 
  sovereignty really means that little to you ? 
   `` if ye love wealth better than liberty , the tranquility of servitude better than the animating contest of freedom , go home from us in peace . 
  we ask not your counsels or your arms . 
  crouch down and lick the hands which feed you . 
  may your chains set lightly upon you , and may posterity forget that you were our countrymen . 
  ~ samuel adams, 
  moderator is weak , farage interrupting her was pretty out of hand even if i can understand him feeling that his counterpoint had to be made right now . 
  the major problem that is affecting all these debates is that people are defending what the eu currently is instead of which direction it is going . 
  and that 's going to cost farage some support . 
  sure the situation seems tolerable now , and negotiating all those deals will be a major headache . 
  my country is n't helping by having the internationalist obama intimidating brits into staying . 
  but if you 're going to make that decision , it 's not fair to compare briton in 8 years to the eu now , how will the eu look in 8 years ? 
  what sovereign rights to legislate will be removed from the british people ? 
  what other new fucked up things will germany do to smaller nations ? 
  in 8 years all those `` inferior '' trade deals might seem like a blessing . 
  the word describes them perfectly . 
  :p large groups of people , soon to be made mobile by visa liberalization . 
  race card drawn , we have a winner !, 
  congratulations sir , what will you do with your karma ? 
  eh that 's a bit of the tail wagging the dog . 
  conservatives suck up to the us ( because american conservatives will supply firepower and other support that 's actually usable : uk 's special relationship , the polish government wanting nato expansion , israel ) , liberals ( in the american sense of the word ) fetishize europe but are n't idolized or expected to help by anyone . 
  american liberals are followers . 
  europe is mecca to them , and the terrible ideas they import here tend to have a basis in german , french , british or swedish law . 
  no american elite is behind that , you guys did that to yourselves . 
   paris is not the only place where resistance to visa relaxation can be found . 
  `` we can not exchange a refugee wave for a visa wave , '' says andreas scheuer , general secretary of the csu . 
  `` otherwise we 'll go from the frying pan into the fire . '', 
  i was seriously questioning my understanding capacities when the deal was introduced and the pro-germany side of the subreddit was rejoicing . 
  why would you trade 500k `` syrians '' for potentially millions of turks and half the `` refugees '' ? 
  that is a terrible deal . 
   ankara , for example , still stubbornly refuses to recognize passports from cyprus , which is an eu member state . 
  they should be required to withdraw from all illegally occupied territory and they ca n't even do this simple thing ? 
  you accept the sultan and the turkish horde like this and they 'll never feel the need to change , just saying . 
  problem with boris 's article is n't his admiration of america or even his lack of knowledge of the country he lives . 
  ( hint : not the us ) , it 's his mixing up obama and the american people . 
  the american people would never accept the loss of sovereignty , but obama would ... you 're living his wet dream boris . 
  so he 's not being a hypocrite and neither is the country , he 's coming into your country to push something he wishes he could pass in his country ( not membership in the eu but you get the point ) . 
   alone of western nations , the us declines to accept that its citizens can be subject to the rulings of the international criminal court in the hague . 
  they have not even signed up to the convention on the law of the sea . 
  can you imagine the americans submitting their democracy to the kind of regime that we have in the eu ? 
  :p once again , obama/hilary would . 
   they sometimes seem to forget that we are quite fond of liberty , too . 
  no you 're not . 
  you would n't be arresting people for kitchen knife possession if you did . 
  brits confuse the concept of sovereignty and freedom . 
   british people should be able to decide if british people are allowed to have guns/knives/ultrapowerful assault kettles with ultralite tea grips . 
  sovereignty  the government should n't be able to keep you from having guns , kitchen knives , and etc. 
  you 're an adult and you can do what you fucking want , until you commit a crime . 
  freedom . 
  both the antieu and germanbootlicker factions claim some aspect of the american vision of government ( sovereignty vs union ) , but they neglect the major part . 
  respect for smaller states ( states rights , overrepresentation of smaller states ) , solidarity in times of need ( you hear that germoney ? 
  ) , and negative rights clearly defined ( what each step of government is not allowed to do ) edit : clicking on the downvote button is not an effective treatment for anal tears according to the us surgeon general . 
  key word is federal . 
  the americans would never accept such ridiculous acronym naming structures , why should the brits ? 
   meaning that there must be a minimum of 255 votes out of 345 ( 73.9 % ) and a majority of member states ( sometimes a two -- third majority ) . 
  a majority representing 62 % of the eu 's population may also be taken into account . 
  that 's nothing like the us senate , there 's no population requirement , 1 state 2 senators . 
  the population requirement makes it so that a mere handful of large countries could veto any law . 
  while i agree , i think obama should have spared some words for one of the largest free riders around ... canada . 
  giving a mere 6 jets , which they then retired for food and other `` humanitarian '' aid for the islamists in the region . 
  obama would have made his point better by not pissing off a continent and instead executing ( figuratively ) one guy ( trudeau ) and have him be the example to the brits , frenchies and germans . 
  but like i said , he 's a community manager not a world leader . 
  calling out that many powerful nations all at once makes them secure ... and makes them more likely to lash out at criticism ( even if it is true ) . 
   united states of europe . 
  which would look nothing like the original concept . 
  a major part of the us governing system is not allowing the the creation of a dominant state like germany buttfucking everyone else with the creation of a senate where all `` states '' are represented equally . 
  unless germany wants to give up control of the money and give without expecting absolute slave obedience then it 's not going to work . 
  uk went behind the us 's and france 's back trying to prevent german reunification . 
  shitty behavior goes both ways . 
  also implying the germans do n't treat their vassals , i mean `` partners '' in shittier ways . 
  remember that greek referendum where germany overthrew the democratic decision of a people ? 
  and that is the correct thing to do .
