  so , do n't be a safe vote ? 
  one or the other . 
  otherwise asia really is a rising power and we have china threatening an economic waterway used by dozens of asian countries . 
  list of burn centers in the ~ ~ united states ~ ~ germany . 
  - sigh - i already found my dream city ( san francisco ) and i lost it cause i could n't afford a measly 800 $ rent . 
  croatia , other than something something serbia . 
  i 'm not entirely certain but it seems to me like the eu is able to fine nations , and nations that are n't germany have the added downside of not getting any eu programs . 
  i guess it really depends if you are a net gain or net loss on the eu finances . 
  : / pretty sure we would n't interfere even if they started fighting . 
  the very notion is ridiculous . 
  but at any rate i 'm supporting france in the next eurowar . 
  that 's the kind of attitude that gets planes shot down . 
  edit : for your edit . 
   polands military is beef and germanys isnt maybe as good as it was before but still quite competent . 
  how will they attack sweden ? 
  finnland is between their and war with finnland is stupid . 
  http://www.globalfirepower.com/country-military-strength-detail.asp?country_id=russia http://www.globalfirepower.com/country-military-strength-detail.asp?country_id=germany compare the two in military equipment , it would n't even be close . 
   http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=russia&amp;country2=poland&amp;submit=compare compare russia and poland 's `` beef '' military . 
  as for the finns , i 'd imagine they 'd either allow russian troops to pass through , or they 'd go around finland , this seems to be the favored strategy . 
  it 's a funny thing how violence works , people claim that the willingness to do violence engenders more violence . 
  if we simply laid down our weapons that the other side will do the same . 
  it 's not true , it 's the unwillingness to do violence , weakness that has always been the cause of unwarranted violence . 
  you 're not going to war with russia , because the united states is willing to nuke moscow over germany and because the us has the capacity to take on russia in both the conventional and nuclear fronts . 
  you 're safe , eastern europe is not . 
  and why ? 
  because of indecisiveness on the part of the united states and europe . 
  indecisiveness on part by left wing ideologues and their representing parties is what is causing russia to bash their shields in the baltics and slowly consume ukraine . 
  also assuming moscow decided to invade europe , do n't even worry brah , they 'd take berlin before you even had the chance to be drafted . 
  much less trained . 
  the battle plan has always been to let europe be overrun while us logistics brings a force capable of beating them back . 
  sweden would last 1 week according to their ( generous ) estimates . 
  as much as i do n't like the idea of a supergovernment ( eu ) , this demand seems excessive . 
  perhaps they are overshooting in the hopes of eventually getting 1-2 years ? 
  i just wanted to bring up the cameron quote ... :( literally the entire reason i said that . 
  however ... 
  while britain is more `` free '' economically than many of their mainland counterparts , they seem to have a lot of the worst social laws/privacy laws in the entire west . 
  from the porn blocker to `` sexual risk orders '' ( http://nypost.com/2016/01/25/man-must-notify-police-if-he-plans-to-have-sex/ ) it seems that if a government is planning to intrude on individual rights in an entirely new way the idea will either come from sweden , germany , or britain . 
  but like i said , i just wanted to quote cameron . 
  creepy stuff . 
  i honestly expected britain to be the one who believed the most in state interference . 
  http://2new3.fjcdn.com/comments/blank+_b8a67cac3c6f082c234ae5278a7a94b4.jpg but i guess the germans is a fine answer too . 
  i always thought it funny how the `` hard working '' germans believe in events outside their control though . 
  +10 holy damage . 
   endless space to house people , endless i doubt it , what about nature ? 
  ca n't exactly bulldoze that . 
   he invited people like you to go there and show him where that purported shortage is if you do n't have the houses on call and empty , then you have a housing shortage . 
  user / u/pbostrom pointed out that you guys have tents but you ca n't use them , to me that counts as a tent shortage . 
  you want to go more in-depth on mr ruinfeldts argument ? 
  what if nobody wants them ? 
  what if they do n't have the housing available ? 
   asylum accommodation on the water has been in the news since last fall , when the lack of accommodation was acute . 
  now , the immigration office conducted a so-called targeted direct agreement contract . 
  in short , the authority to sign contracts with two different companies deliver accommodation . 
   one company called us shipmanag i 'm glad to see we found a way to make money off europe 's problems . 
   i can see this being the least worst option . 
  not that i 'm for importing a shitload of milit - aged males , but hey if it 's going to be done sweden is n't going to leave these guys in tents , so a cruise ship is a creative way of solving a problem . 
  and to be honest this is n't the worst waste of government money out there . 
  800 kr a day is like slightly less than 100 dollars right ? 
  for food and everything included ? 
  it 's steep but this is a government we 're talking about , and sweden did n't exactly have a plan going into this refugee mess , on demand is n't cheap . 
  now about this `` acute shortage '' , we seem to be running into a bit of a ethical dillema here . 
  is there housing elsewhere ? 
  and if so , why not send them there and not lease a cruise ship ? 
  but then that would be unfair to the rural small towns that would bear the brunt of the refugee crisis , why should stockholm not take a proportional share of the refugees ? 
  personally i 'd be pissed if they 'd dumped nearly 2000 milit aged males in my small town of 17k . 
  this coming from a guy who lived in the town that took in a bulk of `` katrina refugees '' , people from my own country . 
  it 's ugly at the best of times . 
  do n't the major powers always do this ? 
  it 'd be news if the uk did n't catch them . 
  everyone is in danger of russia , nuclear holocaust is right around the corner for everyone . 
  :p fear is what the russians want people to feel . 
  aw man , i know they 're evil bastards but you got to love russian provocation . 
  life would be so boring without them . 
  send her to wales . 
  turkey only killed terrorist armenians . 
   britain was selling arms to russia only a few years ago . 
  germany was selling diesel submarine engines to anyone with cash , those fuckers are silent . 
   president obama 's `` pivot to asia '' is likely to continue under the next president as china continues to grow . 
  asia is the rising power , and the countries there are more cooperative , but that 's to be expected where they are in constant fear of china and the there 's no buffer region like eastern europe . 
  i no longer believe `` asia '' to be more grateful though , they just happen to need us , we have no ideological similarities other than capitalism . 
  it 's fair imo . 
  the us has effectively subsidized many a welfare state . 
  it benefits everyone . 
  we vinden het jammer http://www.visaversa.com/en/netherlands/entrepreneurs-investors/dutch-american-friendship-treaty/ : /, 
  they already have the best defense against war , join the other side !, 
  holland for new super best friend . 
  : / ~ ~ yes , i 'm aware ~ ~, 
  eh , a little protesting outside their offices never hurt anyone ... also the french are notorious for strikes . 
  these people serve you man , if enough people are opposed they look straight tyrannical forcing anything through . 
  i 'm pretty skeptical of news regarding the refugee crisis , but if true , i believe that we 'll soon have many swedes more sympathetic to american policing . 
  anyone have an opinion on this source ? 
  the temptation is high for me to type what needs to be done , but i 'll just get downvoted . 
  merkel 's welcome needs to be rescinded , she either needs to publically apologize , or be denounced by a united europe . 
  and then certain actions need to be taken to show that the welcome has been rescinded . 
  after a while europe must offer a ticket home package involving a few meals , a couple euros and most importantly a ticket home . 
  the alternative is be overrun . 
   as an us citizen , you should be very familiar with how it feels to be blamed for all the wrongs in the world , and should n't hurry to do the same things to others . 
  i 'd rather be blamed for the problems of the world than sit around wagging fingers at people doing nothing . 
  wrong is wrong , and ignoring the baltics , ignoring ukraine does not make the russian boot at their necks any less real or painful . 
  the same goes for the middle east , and north korea , eventually we 're going to have to deal with the reality of the situation .
