  they just do n't have the will . 
   somebody did something illegal , so legal rights of citizens are further restricted i mean that is european thinking in a nutshell . 
  germany has no concepts of negative rights . 
  even the article on the german constitution protecting speech is weak af . 
   more liberal than poland this is up for debate . 
  it 's easy to say that there is more `` harmony '' when the people in question make up such a tiny percentage of the population . 
  the stats for mexico is 3700 muslims , in the entire country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_mexico there are ghettos in france with more muslims than mexico ... poland is estimated to have 31k muslims , but you also have include the history of european countries and islam . 
  islam has always appeared as the antagonist of european nations , there are significant muslim populations nearby . 
  the point ? 
  you ca n't judge muslim hate on a hemisphere that 's never really had the same experience with muslims . 
  honestly if you forcefully transplanted muslims to latin america , i think the polish reaction would be mild in comparison to what the latin americans would do . 
  the poles have a leash in the form of the eu , the latin american countries do not . 
  sucks to be you . 
  : / . #brexit . #freecatalonia . #sealandbestland cause it 's happening . 
  on a serious note why would anyone be opposed to countries where citizens and state actually care about each other instead of these internationalist monstrosities which have from the time of stalin trampled on those they ruled trying to establish a monoculture . 
  literally arguing against the law of supply and demand . 
  a labor shortage = higher wages . 
   may is n't dumb . 
  she knows keeping them in the uk is good for the economy . 
  kicking em out will be good for wages though . 
  the economy has been great , but where 's the gains for your average brit ? 
  i 'd imagine they 'd announce their intentions before doing so . 
  it takes much more effort to invade than to defend home turf . 
  russians have homefield advantage and can in all probability deny the us any land within 100 miles at the very least . 
  the us would have to ship supplies across an entire ocean . 
  you do n't need an eu army , you need to stop being cheapskates and fund the ones you have . 
  an eu army is just as much a threat as a russian one . 
   your lifes are n't worth the same as our lives to be fair that is the attitude of most of the world . 
  this subreddit has that theme going on indirectly 24/7 , that we 'd get reported for saying it directly is kinda funny . 
   `` if we decide we have to defend the united states , we can always deploy '' from american soil , mr. trump said , `` and it will be a lot less expensive . '' this guy . 
  this fucking guy . 
  why not ask france how their little libya campaign went ? 
  you know the one where we had to take out the enemy air defenses ourselves and supply them with bombs when they ran out ? 
  you want to attack , you need logistics/bases in place to do it . 
  you sound as naive as the leftists . 
  speaking of which ...  when the world sees how bad the united states is and we start talking about civil liberties , i do n't think we are a very good messenger , '' he 's really lucky he 's the gop nominee , had he been a democrat , that might have been grounds for a smear campaign about his `` american hating attitude '' . 
  nobody pays their fucking dues . 
  i think britain might and their own contribution is still laughable . 
  excellent in theory , if every european nation panicked and started paying their dues . 
  i can respect a gambit , and i can respect anyone criticizing the `` weak , effete and cheap '' euros . 
  but we all know that 's not going to happen , and i 'd much rather we did n't push ee countries into russia 's arms by making them doubt american commitment . 
  in this fucked up world of ours , nothing is certain with a few close exceptions one of them being nato . 
  it 's ridiculous that trump is so willing to throw away what is left of american credibility ( our word ) with creditors and foreign states . 
   that so far has been managed in brussels will be permanent that 's quite the optimistic outlook for the eu . 
  it 's a testament to their mental illness . 
  no sane people go out beheading and torturing people in the streets while yelling allahu ackbar . 
  that 's the kind of turkey the soldiers were trying to contain . 
  you think that 's worth protecting ? 
  when will they learn ? 
  well seeing as i 'm not flat as paper , expressing any popular band names or 24 `` x36 '' , i 'm inclined to agree . 
  not even that much . 
  still does n't change the fact that the ira were saints . 
  turkey gets punished . 
  the eu gets flooded with millions of military aged muslim men . 
  the far-right ( but really moderate left in the us ) gets a massive boost . 
  this is shaping up to be a fine year in policy for everyone except the eu federalists and the turks . 
  but i can live with that . 
  : / edit : if this had happened sooner during the eu referendum ( but before the massive invasion to come ) do you think it could have had an effect on the brexit vote ? 
  do you see an / s ? 
  literally . 
  nothing . 
  wrong . 
   delegalize foreign funded mosques dangerous precedent , the chinese government also interferes with their `` wholesome domestic version of catholicism '' and nobody likes that . 
  the ira did nothing wrong though . 
   i agree , i mean if russia had a military alliance with a pro russia mexico us would be worried . 
  i would hope you appreciate the fact that the us would have to be an exceptionally cruel nation both in the past and present to have a neighboring nation just up and leave in an alliance with their enemy . 
  russia did that with all of eastern europe . 
  feeling bad for russia having nato at their doorstep is like feeling bad for an arsonist being homeless . 
  they did that to themselves . 
  nato membership is voluntary . 
  instead of putting yourselves in putin 's shoes , imagine how europe must feel having that backward savage always trying to get them back into satellite status . 
   these `` good gunmen '' rarely to be seen , i think i 'll take my chances with gun control . 
  because they 're not reported as national tragedies , but local news often enough . 
  how many cities in your country report ** not ** having rape rings , brit ? 
  ^ . - national media has their own biases and even the scope of their reporting can paint an entirely different picture of the us than the local papers do . 
  also gun use in self-defense ( that goes to trial ) ends up in gun violence stats at the end of the year . 
  the more you know . 
  is a registered trademark . 
  we 'll see you in court . 
  the us has precedence with choosing bad partners to house the us nuke arsenal . 
  http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/03/29/belgiums-failed-state-is-guarding-americas-nuclear-weapons/ there really is no practical way to ensure nuclear safety housing our missiles and bombs in europe , because the europeans are by nature unreliable . 
  we 're banking on the benefits ( first strike capacity ) to counter the potential drawback , and so far even with turkey this has been the case . 
   edit : in 2010 , peace activists climbed over a fence at the kleine brogel airbase , in belgium , cut through a second fence , entered a hardened shelter containing nuclear-weapon vaults , placed anti-nuclear stickers on the walls , wandered the base for an hour , and posted a video of the intrusion on youtube . 
  the video showed that the belgian soldier who finally confronted them was carrying an unloaded rifle . 
  from op 's article , it 's referenced in my earlier article , people have been pointing this kind of stuff out for a while . 
  designated sleeping streets . 
  ( : i ca n't fit romanian stereotype . 
   maybe everybody should act like decent human beings . 
  him first . 
  i refuse to condemn people for having a reasonable reaction to a callous idiot . 
   vr pleasure machines . 
  i somehow doubt it , i think unless we reach a level of ai sentience , it 's not happening and at that point we 're going to have bigger problems than muslims . 
  * robo muslims * a return to a more traditional patriarchal ( but not polygamist ) system might do more good . 
  i hate to agree with regressive internationalists , but that is the way of the world . 
  you give free shit to those who are prepared to kill for it . 
  people who just complain on facebook get broken political promises , if even that . 
   a lack of education has meant you have no comprehension of what you just read . 
  maybe you should pay for his education at one of our great private facilities !, 
  :d before he blows you up preferably .
