  oh please that was the most true statement in the damned comment . 
  the greek/irish referendums ? 
  the constant threats to withdraw foreign aid money , or eu funds ? 
  germany thinks money buys obedience ( whereas larger states in the us contribute more money , but more or less stay out of other states business , and they certainly do n't threaten all but the most corrupt warlords with aid withdrawal . ) . 
  the kind of union the us has and what germany wants is incompatible . 
  are you implying the us is democratic ? 
  phew that 's good to hear , i almost thought my vote did n't count for dogshit in california . 
  the us is anti-democratic by design , before the direct electing of senators in the us senate senators were appointed so in reality only 1/2 of the 3 branches of government were directly elected . 
  ( 1/3 now ) the country works by overrepresenting smaller and less successful states at the expense of the larger ones . 
  nothing gets passed here without a kickback to some recneck hicks in the middle of nowhere . 
  while that means we ca n't have decadent capitals and fast legislation , it also keeps people ( like greece ) having an excuse ( valid one imo ) from rebelling or being otherwise uncooperative . 
  that 's a state of affairs that those deranged megalomaniacs in germany would never accept ( giving money without absolute slave obedience ? 
  lol ) so it 's pointless to advocate for . 
  the eu will never be the us you guys need to give up trying . 
  corrected , my bad , but the migrants are n't going to austria , so no harm in letting em pass to austria where they 'd go to germany . 
  ah sorry , i did n't . 
  :( a lot of people here do actually take that position though . 
  ( supporting a stronger union even though they like to `` hang people out to dry '' ) . 
  that 's the sort of diabolical deutschbaggery that has created the resentment in europe , you ca n't just pin this entire problem on one state , or one region , that 's oppressive and one of the reasons why the united states has been a successful union is that it does n't do that . 
  when a region learns that they are getting the shaft , it creates the potential for violence . 
  this is coming from a californian , who despises texas and their backward , mean , arrogant ( did i mention mean ? ), 
  do n't like em still would n't wish something like that on em . 
  on a side note , the us does have a double wall in some part of the country , pretty sure san diego has like two border checks . 
  if i was greece i 'd escort the migrants to the border and start attacking the border at various weak points allowing for the passage of migrants to the people who invited them over . 
  greece gains nothing from accepting martyrdom . 
  they 're probably already fucked with schengen and their debt , go out in glory . 
  edit : what 's a map ? 
  i agree , the dutch navy sounds better . 
  and in case anyone should feel bad about their navy 's capabilities , i want to remind you that britain , former ruler of the seas had to resort to nato 's help to find a submarine in her own territorial waters . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/11283926/britain-forced-to-ask-nato-to-track-russian-submarine-in-scottish-waters.html so if you should find yourself in a precarious position due to the laughable amount of funding your country puts in defense , do n't worry , you wo n't be alone . 
  does one truly suck if everyone around them sucks too ? 
  question for the philosophers . 
  nigel farage , i do n't agree with his politics , or like his followers but he is the leading champion of national sovereignty in europe . 
  he 's a genius with the microphone . 
  i do n't know why yuros go crazy over trump when they have a much better politician in england . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbjp8zxduwk look at this fine motherfucker thrashing merkel in her own turf . 
   now , in the name of `` telling it as it is '' , it is becoming coarser and aggressive . 
  which is good , because life is coarse and aggressive , welcome to the real world . 
  he 's projecting his trumpesque fantasies on the rest of the country . 
  the us does not think russia has a right to crimea , just a few alt-right online kiddys who are single and masturbate to anime . 
   genetic material jesus christ wtf . 
  first the us with the un leader and now russia ? 
  what 's their obsession with people 's genetics ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dimxuemqaha hahaha . 
  the tables have turned . 
  i disagree ... what really sealed the us together was the combination of a war which cost 1 million lives , a noble cause that was attached to that war , and the fact that we do n't treat our small states like absolute dogshit . 
  also the bill of rights firmly told the people what the government could or could not do , the roles were made clear , as britain points out , the eu 's roles are unclear . 
  the way the eu has treated their less successful states has been abhorrent , on the contrary the us is very much ruled by our rural and less successful brothers in different states via the us senate . 
  nothing gets passed without their consent , and it 's a huge reason we do n't really have cool things in even our larger states , cause those fuckers always need a kickback . 
  so naturally when a law is passed it gets obeyed ... because on some level everyone was represented ( and the people most prone to complaint were overrepresented ) there 's no london , no seoul , no berlin where people pour their wealth and in turn they get told what to do . 
  like all those rural areas in germany and sweden getting pumped full of refugees because stockholm and berlin finds it convenient . 
  does n't happen in the states because overrepresentation , so nobody feels the need to react rashly like ... say greece . 
  the eu would benefit more from learning to respect less powerful groups , and the concept of negative rights ... 
  does n't the eu pay them money to stop that from happening ? 
  scumbags . 
   `` when the freedom of the media is at stake or when constitutions and human rights are endangered , europe can not act just as a safety net . 
  it 's a copout in my opinion :  `` you can do whatever it says in the bible , but we 'll decide what the bible says '' . 
  in the same way , the situations in which `` constitutions '' or `` human rights '' will be endangered will fall to a largely leftist elite in germany and france . 
  it 's not that `` violations '' of those things you mention are a `` given '' under right wing governments , it 's that some people recognize the intent behind such statements . 
   `` our goal is to make the procedures more efficient and faster , '' de maiziere said ahead of his departure for morocco on sunday . 
  he added that many applicants lacked travel documents or gave false names and other personal details . 
  this made it more difficult to send migrants back to their countries of origin . 
  so germany wants to `` speed up '' the process of accepting people with no papers ? 
  c'mon who the hell would be in a hurry to accept people with no identification ? 
  that clearly takes time ... na states have rights to safety and border controls too . 
  germany brought this situation on itself by not only inviting people in , but making it clear that they 'd follow protocol on `` stateless '' refugees . 
  i remember arguing with a german that this very situation would happen if germany did not ignore that un rule . 
  nudity can be non-sexual , however that 's besides the point . 
  using the standard i listed above you can quickly identify what is or is n't `` nudity '' , even under similar obedience to german law it is much harder to identify hate speech as hate speech does n't come with nipples . 
   the real answer is that we do n't kinda obvious , not that i blame the baltics , but it has to go down as one of the reasons . 
   apart from hoping for the goodwill or interest in opposing russia from the us taxpayers . 
  long term thinking is n't our forte , also we 'd reap plenty of badwill from the other european nations who do n't want to `` provoke '' russia . 
   our strategy is mostly based being able to annoy russians for a few days or weeks with guerilla tactics until someone else helps out . 
  so is mostly every other european nation 's no shame in that ... although people tend to overestimate their own military strength ( germans and poles ) it is refreshing to see someone understand the situation . 
  personally i 'd support an expanded role reassuring eastern europe of our nato commitments , i was just saying it 's politically unfeasible without some major russian provocation . 
  if that is to be changed some fundamental changes would need to occur in the foreign policies of britain , france and germany . 
  ~ ~ and how do the baltics propose to pay for this commitment ? 
  keeping in mind that potatoes are not legal tender . ~ ~ seriously though , as much as i support helping our baltic buddies , how exactly does an expanded role in europe get paid for ? 
  trillions in debt ... and that sort of escalation i 'm pretty sure breaks some treaty or other about `` permanent '' forces . 
  how does this help the us in the diplomatic front with this act of defense being used as fodder by the rabid anti-americans in germany and france ? 
  remember the us got blamed for the initial round of sanctions put on russian leaders , europeans were pissed about the possibility of losing out on their natural gas , and the french were quite angry about the mistral sale they had to give up . 
  i mean there 's literally no upside for the us to invest in the defense of eastern europe besides long term stability of nato , but who thinks long term anymore ? 
   the premise is a russian invasion of norway . 
  : / why ? 
   in the near future , norway is occupied by russia on behalf of the european union , due to the fact that the newly elected environmental friendly norwegian government has stopped the all important oil - and gas-production in the north sea so you outhippie 'd the eu and they get sick of your shit ? 
  the premise is flawed already , but when you put in factors like the us natural gas boom + the saudi flooding of the markets , this seems downright impossible . 
  also \\  implying sweden would n't surrender pre-emptively . 
   but hitler is first and formost known for the type of atrocities that putin has n't even been close to committing . 
  i 'd disagree there , he 's `` known '' for his invasion of europe , nobody gave two shits about the jews besides the polish/french resistance groups . 
  and i highly doubt much of anything would have been done had germany simply stayed out of poland . 
  people back then , as they are now were apathetic to the plight of others . 
   wants to crack down . 
  i 'm pretty sure merkel and the german government are the ones who are pushing hard for this . 
  http://www.usatoday.com/videos/tech/2015/09/28/72958358/  `` there 's not a place for this kind of content on facebook . 
  learning more about german culture and law has led us to change the approach , '' he said . 
  : / quoted from the op :  their ministry of justice has said the social network acts quicker to remove sexual imagery than it does racist messages . 
  well duh , facebook is an american company run by americans and used originally by a large american base ... their first thought when running their service is n't going to be `` hm , how should i block this ? '', 
  honestly i would n't give the german government a god damned inch as there 's no fundamental difference between germany 's demands and china 's ( both seek to turn american businesses into accomplices/enforcers of laws they deem reasonable ) but i ai n't the billionaire . 
  secondly it 's pretty fucking easy to determine `` sexual content '' ... at least in the american standard . 
  is there a nipple ?
