  we 've been through this , the moment we supply ukraine with arms , russia supplies their green men with arms ( openly ) , and the conflict escalates . 
  old europe will turn on the us for escalating another conflict when they ca n't even deal with the current migrant crisis . 
  this general must be much smarter than i because i can not see how escalating the situation with no political will to back it up is going to bring us anything . 
  not to mention they have hardware parked right across the border , we would have to carry it thousands of miles across an ocean . 
  i 'm not entirely sure we could help in time before their government ( ukraine 's ) collapsed . 
   `` a permanent brigade ... establishes relationships with the supporting elements of all forces from the united states as well as a more permanent relationship ... with all of our allies , '' he said . 
  it `` gives you a little more substance , a little more strength in relationship building . '', 
  unless you 're japan . 
  kidding . 
   what i am pissed is that when germany saw it could n't cope alone with the issue suddenly all of europe had to stay united in order to overcome this problem . 
  i 'm starting to understand your position here , and it seems logical as well . 
  in the interest of equality amongst european nations you guys should be negotiating as a bloc . 
  i am also very disappointed by how european nations abandon their own in their time of need , no sense of solidarity . 
  that being said , from the angle of an american . 
  i think i would rather not engage in such a deal if it meant dealing with all european nations . 
  i 'd probably support dividing europeans in that case , it 's not nice but it 's in my countries best interest . 
  edit : eh i was being a dick . 
  so apparently subsidizing europe 's entire welfare state does n't merit visa free travel , but being a backward authoritarian savage , with an itchy floodgate finger does . 
  on a slightly different topic . 
   the us is tightening immigration from europe , it 's only fair !, 
  true , you may have heard of recent changes to the visa waiver program . 
  http://www.politico.com/story/2016/02/us-visa-waiver-iran-219018 however that 's pretty much the reason why the us is tightening restrictions , europe let rando strangers into their countries , and even before the migrant crisis had pretty liberal laws for entry . 
  you know how you guys like to rip on belgium for allowing all the bad shit to enter ? 
  you guys are belgium , vous etes belgique . 
  : / am i getting through here ? 
  there 's no reason to retaliate , because the us actually vets its migrants and citizens . 
   they dont know about the war vs the kurds or the opression by him . 
  oh they know , they like the germans before them simply do n't care about who they must trample to achieve greatness . 
   plus we were the second largest contributor of men and equipment in iraq and afghanistan . 
  honestly there 's no need for me to even be here , nobody does a better job of pointing out british failures than you guys . 
  but thanks for giving me my opener . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jan/16/cuts-britain-fading-power-sir-jeremy-greenstock  `` there is increasing scorn for the quantity of what we put in there . 
  when i was in iraq the uk had 50 % of the responsibility within the us coalition but we put in 2 % to 3 % of the resources ; the americans put in 95 % . 
  of course , the americans came to regard this as irrelevant in the end . 
  that all affects our standing . 
  the brits are the greatest allied contributors ... but being the best ally in a world of shitty allies is like being the smartest kid in the retarded class . 
  sure you 're the least retarded , but you 're still retarded . 
   we can manage our own defence just fine http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/11283926/britain-forced-to-ask-nato-to-track-russian-submarine-in-scottish-waters.html aw man . 
    britain called in nato sea patrol planes to hunt for a suspected russian submarine off scotland last month , after the government scrapped its own similar aircraft in defence cuts , it has been disclosed . 
   falklands was a great example of our ability to work alone did n't you guys have to threaten with nukes before they ( the french ) gave you guys the intel on how the exocets worked ? 
  that 's not impressive , that 's overkill and argentina = !, 
   that 's just not true . 
  nato collectively is not in danger . 
  regardless of hybrid warfare much of your own post is garbage so i wo n't bother respon - hahaha , can you imagine ? 
   and i disagree , hybrid warfare is exactly the sort of thing that would endanger the nato alliance . 
  it would give the nato allies an excuse to not intervene as the aggressors would not be `` russians '' on paper , but domestic rabble rousers . 
  the moment nato abandons one country , then the others at the edge get more nervous and make their peace with russia hoping to avoid further aggression , strengthening russia . 
  not hostile acts , weakness is the ultimate provocation . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3liz6eus4t8 here is an american example , michelle bachmann , presidential candidate at the time ( 2012 ? ), 
  going against the party line and advocating not bombing the shit out of a country harboring terrorists . 
  it 's amazing how complicated ethics gets when you have to deal with a powerful enemy vs a weak one . 
  i guarantee that russia would n't be talking all this crap about noivorussiya is the former soviet satellites had a capable armed force to fuck with . 
  but they do n't and neither does the rest of europe , so rhetoric is pretty extreme in the direction that russia is cheated , and russia has the right to reclaim territory , or that russians are n't treated well and that russians have the authority to fix that . 
  common sense deterrence is n't exactly common sense to the population . 
  also besides moron here ( who is right , the russians would do something stupid on the scale of the cuban missile crisis ) . 
  the more relevant disadvantage is that it would piss off every european from london to berlin . 
  eastern europe is in danger , western europe is not ... a degenerate londoner living off tea and bbc is n't going to care about the state of nato that depends on the promise , the * american * promise that we 'll protect them , they care about their own prosperity . 
  a nation of lord chamberlains . 
  the man from berlin and paris are also the same . 
  wan na know when popular opinion of russia went up ? 
  when the russians went in and bombed syria ** after ** the refugee crisis ... when europe was directly affected , europe applauded interference , not a minute before . 
  wan na know when american popularity went down in western europe ? 
  when the americans acted against russian economic influence ... why ? 
  because most european nations are n't in danger ... why should france lose money breaking a contract for warships ? 
  it 's not fair !, 
  it 's not like russia will actually use them !, 
  why should central europe be happy about sanctions ? 
  it 's not fair ! , the russians buy things and if you piss them off too much then they 'll cut off gas !, 
  why should we suffer when we have nato ? 
  europeans would not want something like giving eastern europe nukes , hell they would be supremely pissed if we moved troops to the eastern border . 
  they have no sense of empathy , they can not sense indirect threats . 
  a joke in the sense that it is impotent and unable to carry out even the basics of self-defense . 
  uk defense spending is a joke , yet it is one of the highest in europe . 
  which makes me not want to see the other charts . 
  enlightened scum . 
  lulul swedistan third world country feminazi xd in case people doubt your claim , point them here . 
  i totally think that about you guys . 
  maybe it 's because she 's earned it . 
  also i love how the two german commenters zoomed in on the hyperbole instead of his arguments which are pretty sound . 
   on what planet do you live where collective european governments pretend nothing is wrong ? 
  belgium is a noticeable offender here , they set up a website where they made fun of the characterization of belgium as a haven for terrorists right after the events of the paris shootings . 
  ( one ironic scene was asking the passerby 's if there was `` guns or bombs in the vicinity ) then the belgian attacks happened and they had to take it off . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ernybwevqsu found a source . 
  it 's in english . 
  to be fair so did nazis , it 's awesome here . 
  edit : it is with deep regret that i correct my comment , the nazis are in no way comparable to hessians . 
  nazis never touched us soil . 
  so far , no european has been able to sell me on why it is preferable to open the gates to 80 million turks instead of half a million economic migrants . 
  ( and half of all total migrants ) . 
  it 's such a terrible deal and screams of an attempt to backdoor a bunch of non-europeans into the continent at all costs . 
  this is the correct answer , obama was furious at the foreign intervention by bibi during the iran deal ... how the fuck does that hypocritical piece of shit go off doing the same ? 
  i do n't even like the brits , and feel that this is a terrible thing to do . 
  nah the scots we can do without . 
   in fact our home grown stuff is way better than your weak tasting crap . 
  ( just incase you did n't hate us enough already , i know your secret fears ) may i introduce you to the best wine in the world ? 
   and even with all these anti-fascist measures , you still get quasi-fascist regimes like hungary , poland , slovakia , and denmark , not to mention belarus . 
  you 're implying that those measures are supposed to help , when really their effectiveness is up for debate . 
  fascism ca n't be stopped by more government laws ... fascism is stopped by elevating the individual and making him powerful . 
  the laws that are passed to stop fascism are just justifications for right wing governments to do their own thing when they finally get into office . 
  i do n't even like those lego making bastards and i find that hard to believe .
