  . #slightlylesscloudy 2016, 
  the eu needs a wakeup call more than it needs britain . 
  no to federalization . 
  to be fair , i think the point was that oil tanked . 
  so is trump tbh fam . 
  '' ** we will not go quietly into the night !, 
  we will not vanish without a fight !, 
  we 're going to live on !, 
  we 're going to survive !, 
  today we celebrate our independence day !, 
  ** '' ~ the sun, 
  what about the supposedly secular state of turkey ? 
  they can be taken over , so it 's best not to have them at all . 
   the deal falls short of the original proposal that would have empowered the european border guard to enter a member state even against the wishes of its government -- marking a significant transfer of sovereignty from member states to the eu good , i came to the comments section specifically to find out about this . 
   under the compromise , a country will instead face the reintroduction of border controls by its neighbours if it refuses to comply with the new border force , which was tabled as a high-profile response to the eu 's migration crisis there 's always a damned stick is n't there . 
  that being said it does seem fair , you do n't want to prevent people from swarming in , you get quarantined or amputated . 
   poland may have been important in the past people were still in the pre-information era mentality that clay + more population = more power . 
  and while that still holds true somewhat ( china ) it 's not the same as it was before . 
  uk has nukes and wo n't risk a nuclear confrontation knowing that they can always nuke russia if they dare attack them . 
   pretty much . 
  no frenchmen will ever die for a pole . 
  - obgligatory no frenchman would die for france either banter - i doubt the brits as well . 
  poland may have been important in the past when it came to stopping a huge german empire from unifying europe and royally fucking up british ambitions . 
  poland ( and other ee countries ) are n't so dangerous anymore in the era of nukes because a high population army is n't as dangerous anymore . 
  not enough to risk a war over anyways . 
   usa obama and clinton are internationalists . 
  and while it 's a possibility they 're not completely fucking retarded , who knows ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/apr/24/leave-campaign-obama-trade-warning-eu-referendum  obama said it was wrong for brexit campaigners to suggest it would be straightforward to agree a new trade relationship if britain left the eu . 
   `` it could be five years from now , 10 years from now before we 're actually able to get something done , '' he told the bbc , adding that the first priority for the us would be to complete ongoing talks on a trade deal with the eu . 
  it could just be a scare tactic . 
   warsaw has never openly questioned the cast-iron character of article 5 of the nato treaty , which states that an attack on one member is an attack against all . 
  nato , in turn , has repeatedly said that its security guarantees are sacrosanct . 
   but poland 's bitter historical experiences , notably during world war two , when western allies failed to save it from a nazi german , and later soviet russian invasion , mean that warsaw would rather not have to test nato 's resolve , analysts say . 
  in other words , poland doubts the west 's commitment . 
  and honestly i ca n't blame them . 
  germany , france and britain approached the ukraine crisis like little bitches , took russia 's side in the removal of iranian sanctions , and the us constantly looks the other way at pakistan 's fuckery ( because they have nukes ) . 
  lesson learned : if you 're strong , everything is black and white , if you 're weak ... you 'd be surprised how morally flexible you are . 
  my heart feels for poland , it does but i 'd rather not spend another penny in a continent that 's freeloading enough already . 
  maybe france or the uk could throw some soldiers their way ? 
  pretty clear that the german boot lickers are going to declare a mandate immediately after the vote should the uk stay . 
  it 's too late to reconcile now britain , you 're either out , or in for the eu armed forces . 
  quick someone get this man on a talk show . 
  insta-win for leave . 
   greece fucked itself , and it has legal obligations it signed up for . 
  germany burned down half of europe , killed millions . 
  all because they elected someone over anger they felt about a treaty they signed , they also had legal obligations ** yet they were rebuilt . 
  ** and this generosity , this mercy is repaid by the confidence that germans have in nato and other partnerships that they have with the usa . 
  that is how you instill good faith in the system you want people to join . 
  you do n't do what they did to greece , you do n't threaten to unilaterally remove funds or invite people in expecting your partners to share the burden and then wonder why people are n't happy to give the organization they are using to do it * even more power * greeks have no financial credibility , but likewise the eu has no goodwill credibility , their goodwill credit score is essentially in the negatives . 
  why would anyone invest in something like that ? 
   the british government does n't care about most of britain anyway . 
  only the bits near london , along with wales/scotland/ni when their governments get a bit shouty i can understand that , however you said it yourself `` shouty '' , they get `` shouty '' and they start floating these promises like devomax . 
  oh , and that was for the threat of a majority vote ... you 're not going to get the same treatment from the eu ( in fact they seem so confident that they decided threats were the way to go ) , and the threshold for getting `` shouty '' goes way up because now the british voice is drowned in the sea of french , polish , german , belgian , spanish screams . 
  and those people are already intolerably removed from the realities of their decisions . 
  what happens when they are foreign ? 
  a foreign eurocrat is going to give less of a shit about say , british feelings than a british bureaucrat in that the `` british '' have proportionally more votes influencing outcome of the official who put that guy there , than they would in the eu . 
  national governments are slow and out of touch with the people , internationalist unions even more so . 
  and judging from the actions of eu countries , the condition you guys left greece in , the democratic referendum that was ignored ... you guys really do n't care for each other at all . 
  jesus the girls over there are selling themselves for the price of a sandwich how bad their economy is wrecked . 
  and sure , they deserve it . 
  but that is n't the point . 
  the point is that that 's how countries will be treated if you do n't do what the fourth asks . 
  \\  fencing yourself in on a site owned and run by americans . 
  sorry man , maybe things are different in yurops , but we do n't take kindly to no-go zones here . 
  relevant for corruption and blatant pandering to the vampire gypsy demographic . 
  : / i tried . 
   to greece . 
  unless they vote wrong . 
  it 's objective fact . 
  : / european security sucks . 
  and people tend to be very `` liberal '' with interpretations and excuses in positions of weakness . 
  anyways here 's the current situation in belgium . 
  what exactly is europe trying to accomplish here ? 
  all this does is give ammunition to the enemies of sex equality by painting it as a `` western value '' instead of a human one . 
  ( not that i personally buy into that whole universal human values crap , but if you 're pushing it , you 're doing it wrong ) people do n't like to be `` pushed '' . 
  i 'll leave an article about a related social agenda and how pushing can harm instead of help . 
  http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2014/10/16/how-anti-lgbt-legislation-in-uganda-nigeria-and-gambia-is-shaping-africa  `` grass roots activists have to be at the forefront at social change , '' says sarah gunther , program director at the astraea foundation , which provides grants for global lgbt efforts . 
  `` it 's really important that western organizations are not seen as the face of the movement or the driving force of the movement . ''  there 's another political advantage to supporting such laws . 
  since pro-gay support is seen as a western influence , promoting anti-gay laws allows politicians to not only tout their religiosity , but also be seen as standing up to those attempting to infringe upon their sovereignty . 
  and on a continent so heavily shaped by colonization , the case against imperialism can be an easy , and winning , argument to make . 
  ironically , many of the laws prohibiting homosexuality that some countries are now considering expanding upon are , in fact , relics of colonial rule . 
  virtue signalling . 
  france had been hitting it hard with their appointment of gay ambassador laurent steffani to the vatican post . 
  i have a feeling they would . 
  people have the tendency to make excuses in positions of weakness , and make demands in positions of strength , and if the nordic nations can be described in one word , it would be weak . 
  lel , pretty much everyone saw it coming . 
  i got into some heated arguments for merely suggesting the possibility . 
  ( the damned card really is too good to not play ) i 'm sure if nigel got one between the eyes , ukip 'd be having a field day too . 
  as our own rahm emmanuel would say `` never let a crisis go to waste '' . 
  now if only this subreddit could address the blatant whatabboutism going on concerning the charges of exploitation . 
   brexiters exploit tragedies too !, 
  critics of the eu ( and lefties ) have historically jumped on tragedies caused by law and current systems . 
  ( rotherham , birmingham , calderdale , cologne , paris ) these are tragedies caused by concrete changes in policy ... not rhetoric . 
  you may dislike anti-eu rhetoric , you may disagree with it , but rhetoric is no murderer , and is not the same as authorities agreeing not to prosecute * crimes , or covering up important details . 
  * edit, 
  so let me get this straight ... european nations want to charge people ... for linking to other people 's websites ? 
   we need to integrate in order to get more con - you need to quit being retarded . 
  but hey they 're your countries , do what you wish . 
   in spain , when a law forced google to pay for linked content , the search engine shut down its local google news , and the spanish press disappeared from its index . 
  spanish website traffic plunged by about 20 % .
