  take the most extreme position so that the compromise is much more favorable to you . 
  spanish was my first language though . 
  i completely suck at it now ... but i do n't believe i have an obvious accent . 
  i 'm open to the possibility though, 
  leaving the us would n't liberate shit , as california has more stringent requirements on mostly everything . 
  the brits are arguing that the eu is unwieldy and impractical and that they can do a better job regulating themselves . 
   she looks and sounds as british as they come do we know this for sure ? 
  shit i go visit mexico some time and some of those guys can peg me as american within seconds of me opening my mouth . 
  ( i speak both languages , and i do n't think anything i was wearing gave it away ) these are the people that can narrow your city of origin with just your accent . 
  maybe they can tell ? 
  edit : i guess i got a couple people angry . 
  seems kinda a dick move to downvote and not say what 's objectionable about the fact that someone may be able to identify you as a pole . 
  i literally do not know and only asked if it was not possible . 
  : / serbia forgot to check itself . 
  and then proceeded to wreck itself . 
  thing is , it is n't irreversible . 
  the left could continue enjoying moderate success if they just admitted they were wrong on this one subject . 
  i do n't meet many people in the uk excited about tories , they hate labour ( more specifically they think that corbyn is a nut ) ... 
  i do n't see many people happy with the energy policies of the other far right parties , they just ca n't stand the left 's immigration stance . 
  the problem is the inability to compromise in exchange for policy progress . 
  it 's suicide , not murder and i 'd hope the left would realize their obligation to keep the far right from rising ... but it seems this is the hill they choose to die on . 
   so it should n't matter if you are a politician or a pleb . 
  and if you want to film the event , you have a camera crew that does so discreetly . 
   your authoritarian attitude i 'm not defending the law , the law is wrong . 
  i 'm giving a bit more context to the situation . 
  taking a picture of the event is not considered `` blasphemy '' or disrespectful because it is using your smartphone to take note of the event ... using it to play pokemon go , is disrespectful because they are using it to ignore the event in the church . 
  they are not paying attention to the event . 
  these `` politicians '' ( however much i do n't like them , and i really do n't like russia ) are using the phones in a socially acceptable manner both here and in the us , the guy who played pokemon go , and uploaded it to his youtube channel , did not ... 
  they did completely different things in presumably completely different days . 
  i do n't see social class having anything to do with it . 
  i ( once again because this is very important to stress ) , do n't care for russian politicians but for people to go saying `` these guys did it too '' in two completely different contexts rubs me wrong . 
  the law is stupid , the law should be repealed , no need to falsely malign elites when we already know they 're terrible people . 
  you can do anything if you declare a mandate . 
  le pen getting elected would definitely count as one . 
  especially in tents, 
  literally the homoempire . 
  most americans do n't go to national parks , and we 'd send you to jail for fucking around in one . 
  you do n't have to partake to respect , that being said the law is pretty fucking dumb . 
  judging by the candle usage ( unless russia has different , more wasteful usage of candles ) it seems to be a special event . 
  i imagine that they are being used for cameras and that would be appropriate usage of a cellphone both in the us and russia ( apparently ) i 'd be surprised to see one phone out during regular mass . 
  \\  high heels \\  makeup these eu folks write their own stereotypes . 
  i wonder what the difference between french and american assimilation policies are . 
  ( besides the fact that the us has more of a choice when it comes to migrants ), 
   the butthurt in this sub is going to be amazing if may manages to make a success out of brexit . 
  i never understood that mentality . 
  if what you 're offering is so great ... why the hell 1 . 
  are people considering leaving ? 
  nations leaving ? 
  do you have to buttfuck someone hard as an example against leaving ? 
  literally indistinguishable from a mandatory comcast cable bundle . 
  ( oh you want x ? 
  you have to give up a good portion of your sovereignty to have it also we 're the only game in town so haaaaaaaa . ), 
  seems every benefit the eu is proposiing has a string attached these days . 
  ( the eu border patrol was originally going to supersede national authority and whatnot ), 
  least the target is a wannabe supergovernment and not some old ladies at the beach jacques . 
  it 's done that way in the us with private individuals owning the `` historical '' sites in my city and in return promising to maintain and stop themselves from altering the original building too much . 
  in return they get the tax breaks and exemptions . 
  it 's a subsidy sure , but something about private ownership works . 
  i 've yet to hear a serious complaint . 
  that being said , i 'm aware that europeans may do things differently ... a lot of the eu federalist/lefty types seem to be of the idea that any state money automatically should mean 100 % control by the state or something . 
  easier how ? 
  i do n't agree with his action but that 's the point of having the gun . 
  it allows for options whether it be a beach thug threatening violence or a shooting spree ... you now have an additional option you did n't before . 
  its true for most people though . 
  you got a source ? 
  i 'd love to hear about that . 
  i heard bullets are like kryptonite to muslims . 
  they 'll do it when they 're damn good and ready . 
  :d here 's hoping they get a really good deal . 
  yes and it 's 2016 on a sunday . 
  i 'm well aware of obvious things like time , location and the price of a prostitute ( a sandwich in greece ) there 's no need to state the obvious unless you want this to devolve into shitflinging in which case i 'll happily oblige you . 
  i was discussing an idea , the idea that each individual is ultimately his own master , and as such government has no business telling him what steps he should take to protect himself , because as we 've seen in this crisis , politicians especially those of the internationalist schools of thought really do n't have the best interests of those individuals at heart . 
  now if you disagree , feel free to explain why without the geography lesson , please . 
  citizens should have the right to arm themselves for whatever reason until they commit a serious crime , and not a second before . 
  i think that 's illegal . 
  and anti-proliferation treaties were put in for a reason . 
  more nukes = more idiots who would use them . 
   he sounds like the snp , minus the anti-eu leanings . 
  ( which there is nothing wrong with ), 
  polan it 's me , your united states . 
  if we 've learned anything from these past few years is that most nuclear armed nations are given better treatment that they deserve . 
  ( possible exception iran ) i fully support the us taking on the world police world to stop proliferation , but at the same time i recognize why countries would want nukes as well . 
  if i was a foreign leader i 'd look into them . 
  the entire argument has no premise , britain has long been the us access to europe , but never to destabilize ... it would have been borderline stupidity to keep western europe in disunity and weakness when the soviet enemy needed the entire full force of the western world . 
  in fact if anyone could be accused of wanting european disunity , it 'd be the brits as they went behind the us back to attempt to prevent german reunification . 
   i 'm not sure i 'd be happy about the `` eu army '' . 
  a lot of people are n't going to be , the eu council does n't look out for the best interests of the people as it is , and now with further integration and an army , they wo n't have to . 
  why not ? 
  he 's not that out of touch with mainstream european thought . 
  european politicians have said everything he has said ( although perhaps not at once ) . 
  decreased security for increased social help ? 
  critical of the us intervention against genocide in the balkans ? 
  wanting europe to `` seize their destiny '' while at the same time not wanting to put in resources to make their countries independent ? 
  nato being obsolete ? 
  it 's all been suggested , and in some places ( france of the axis of weasels ) has been done ( nato withdrawal ) . 
  if he is unfit to lead , i fear for the rest of the continent as well . 
  nonfeasance and malfeasance are their raison d'\u00eatre, 
  i always thought one could suspend taking in refugees in national emergencies ? 
  why has n't any nation done that yet ? 
  it 's a legitimate wartime strategy .
