  in addition , the collection system was never properly implemented -- publishers never got a cent from anyone linking to their content . 
  a lose-lose proposition . 
  two years ago , germany passed a similar law , with a similar ending : google quit indexing german media , traffic plummeted . 
  publishers came back , hat in hand , begging to be referenced again . 
  just remember legislation has consequences . 
  that does n't seem like a good law tbh . 
  would n't that encourage the enemy to put their military objects near civilians ? 
  syrian civil war ? 
  you mean ** assadbowl ** . 
  i 'm not a fan of the foreign endorsements , threats and using dead people as political ammunition as the remain side has been doing , but i have to admit that i kinda like this ad . 
  it 's not pushy , it does n't insult people 's intelligence , there 's no threat , it 's a positive simple message . 
  good job orban . 
  in the end , their opinion is the only ones who count . 
  obama does n't speak for me . 
  and as boris so eloquently put it , americans would never themselves accept what obama is asking britons to do . 
  we should all just sit on our asses then because fighting establishment and status quo is impossible ... 
  beats german comedy . 
  they 're schismatic heretics . 
  calling them sects is being too kind . 
  and they do technically meet the definition of sect . 
  they 're a minor breakaway group from the main branch of catholicism . 
  ( 1.2 billion vs 300 millionish ), 
  the idea of eu membership as `` reversible '' pretty much tanks german illusions of further integration as `` inevitable '' . 
  brexit gives any country arguing with the eurocrats a stronger hand . 
  i do n't get why people are so against it , it means relatively better deals for holdouts inside the eu as germany struggles to repair its public image . 
  silly brit , you think you get to stay in nato . 
  : / - reads treaty - ( huh , guess you do ), 
   then you 'll see hardcore nationalist/far-right parties rise , that will end any chance of a united europe ( at least by several decades ) and the end of nato . 
  hardcore nationalists tend to align themselves pretty closely with us security goals , as long as you do n't piss em off . 
  ( like obama did in poland ) . 
  getting rid of the scum bag internationalists will be a huge boon for american policy . 
  between the veiled threats and the `` celebrity '' ( politician ) endorsements the eu does n't sound like a very nice union at all . 
  if what you 're selling is good enough , people will want to buy . 
  yes sithie , this is a clear case of misfeasance , vigilantism is warranted when the authorities will not act . 
  when the threat is gone we can go back to being nice people reporting our crimes to constables . 
  i do n't understand how this is a difficult concept to understand . 
   then the media jumps on it and labels it a race crime , putting the dad 's ( and all the thugs that would no doubt jump at the chance to do a bit of ` paki-bashing ' of their own ) down as racist bigots ; making the problem even worse . 
  if the media had power over us , brexit would n't even be up for discussion . 
  there 's only so much shit they can feed a people . 
  and yes right wingers knew about the rape gangs , people knew about the conspiracies in parliament and the sick things jimmy saville was up to ... they all get brought to the light eventually . 
  our job is n't to stand around and do nothing because you wo n't be rewarded by society for doing the right thing . 
  my bad sithrak , i should just report it to the police and wait for them to act . 
  years later , when they have absolutely no other choice ... lefties are like your namesake though , they 're going to hate me no matter how i act , so yeah i 'll `` lynch '' some pedos in order to keep the daughters of a nation safe . 
  honestly i 'd feel more insulted if you said i would n't . 
  wait , we 're not getting poland ? 
  why dafuq are we even over there then ? 
  back to the shed with you . 
  by the time war were declared it 's too late to prevent heavy damage on the european side . 
  recognition of the danger . 
  decision to fight the danger . 
  decision to fight the danger on behalf of others . 
  i do n't see nato failing in its military mission , i see politics getting in the way of enforcing the articles and thus eroding all trust in the treaties . 
  that is ultimately what needs to be discussed with these `` peacetime '' clearances . 
  let 's pretend the french coward out again and do n't recognize a russian hybrid invasion of a nato country ... . there 's a chance they would n't let us move troops through to the afflicted area ... militarily we can still kick russian ass , we 'd be bound politically . 
   could russia occupy the baltics and perhaps poland ? 
  sure , but its defiantly in no position to hold out in long term military operations they could reach berlin imo . 
  european militaries have some shit-tier logistics . 
  the eu is a customs union ( no matter how much people insist it is more ) . 
  are you implying that those unions have a greater interest in the internal politics of a nation than defensive groups ? 
  pfft , there was a proposal for an eu border force a few weeks ago and you german boot lickers got all wet over that regardless of the fact that it would be able to act with impunity , not under the laws of the host country . 
  say what you will about nato but it 's a primarly `` american '' organization because europeans refuse to fund it , and the organization itself never overturned a democratic referendum . 
  unlike mutti merkel who you all seem eager to arm . 
  no , us academia has more power and money as does the us press and entertainment industry which is why so many europeans and canadians flock to it ( justin beiber , anita sarkeesian , piers morgan , milo ) , but the philosophical capital of leftism has always been in europe . 
  yes means yes rape laws ? 
  sweden . 
  no right to paternity tests in the interest of social cohesion ? 
  germany and france . 
  the swedish model of prostitution ? 
  c'mon it 's in the name . 
  the concept of hate speech ? 
  you guys are what our professors wish the us could be . 
  woah buddy , language . 
  :p yeah but one is much more likely to happen than the other . 
  once britain goes , it 's all downhill for the fourth . 
  holy shit i thought you looked familiar ... did you really post this ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueofmeta/comments/4mhvub/i_demand_you_reinstate_my_thread/ topkek man . 
  the us has no competition . 
  at any rate , i really would n't give a shit in a perfect world you guys would do your thing and we 'd do ours ... but unfortunately you guys are like a cancer when it comes to your post-post-post modern thought processes which make their way into your laws ( sweden , germany , then uk ) , our academia , and then into our laws ( usually entering california , new york first ) you guys are like the mecca for bad ideas , i do have an interest in seeing your black stone ( eu ) destroyed . 
  it 's nothing like fearing a competing power , it 's about having to avoid the hassle of a kulturekampf in the future . 
  well that may be true , but it 's not like that 's not the case everywhere in the world . 
  nobles flaunt the law with impunity , as does hollywood . 
  but at least my country can say that we do n't let the lower dregs of our society run outside the law . 
  whatever happened to those poor kids in rotherham/birmingham anyways ? 
  it 's a remain in the eu to remain in `` the strong team '' argument , neglecting the fact that britain pretty much loses a shitload of sovereignty by remaining . 
  the closest example i can think of were the arguments put forward by the bbc for the scottish ref . 
  remain part of britain to remain part of a strong nation with influence all over the world , neglecting the fact that scotland gets rekt every election because they vote differently from the rest of the uk . 
  except now the bbc favors remain , so `` strognkt '' britain is now weak britain , and the eu is strong , so stay in there like a good little boy . 
  and if not , here 's a list of all the bad things we 're gon na do to you . 
  you just described a reason why i want the eu gone . 
  the us is already fighting a huge two front culture war with asia and europe , with liberals using europe as the `` shining '' example of what we should be . 
  conservatives using asia . 
  really it seems everyone is out there to promote `` their '' values , although i would n't throw britain in with the rest of europe just yet . 
  by all accounts it seems they are going to leave europe suggesting a rejection of the `` common european values '' . 
  well that 's kinda true . 
  real republics represent . 
   it 's a ruse are you implying it 's not ? 
  hey man you feed that to someone dumb enough to eat it . 
  the problem is , if you 're right i get no satisfaction because now the internationalists are in the position of power and they get to shrug it off saying `` well you had a chance to leave so ... '' do n't trust lefties . 
  that 's a major problem i have with the uk , why such a high salary requirement ? 
  salary is n't something people have completely under their control .
