  eurozone has had greece 's back for many years and has done more to help greece than china , that i can tell you . 
  i think that many countries in the european union that are pushing for reforms right now would n't be okay with having an european finance minister who has power over member states budgets ( important ) and sch\u00e4uble knows that . 
  stalin 's and hitler 's pact ( mrp ) was the reason why ww2 started in the first place . 
  i do n't think that people using logs in a rural area for personal use is a huge problem because that 's what they have been doing for centuries . 
  the main problem is that expensive power plants are being built in uk , denmark , belgium and other western european countres that burn wood . 
  we are burning wood in an industrial scale now and we will destroy forests as a result of that . 
  it does increase co2 levels in the short term ( 10-20 year perspective ) because removing the co2 will take longer time than releasing it into the environment because another tree takes a long time to grow - a lot longer than burning it in seconds . 
  also by burning trees you reduce the amount of co2 than trees can remove from the environment because there will be less trees . 
  for the same amount of energy burning a tree releases more co2 in to the environment than coal . 
  burning wood is not the sustainable solution because think about what happened if the whole world started to burn wood as its main renewable energy source . 
  it would be catastrophic for the environment which ironicaly is the thing we want to save right now . 
  european union has acknowledged that burning wood is a loophole in the requirements and they will fix it eventually but it will take time because it will mess up all the renewable energy goals if they do it too soon . 
  edit : world already has a deforestation problem as well so burning them for energy instead of coal is the last thing we should do . 
  one is worse than the other . 
  this is exactly the reason why we should n't burn trees as an energy source because they release co2 into the environment . 
  we have to cut co2 levels not increase them . 
  but we are burning wood because wood is seen as energy neutral source with zero emissions ( which it is in a very long term thinking but in the short term it is very bad for the environment ) . 
  it takes decades for a tree to grow but only seconds to burn it . 
  the entire european union renewable energy is half-arsed and does n't make any sense to be honest . 
  eventhough this sub posts lots about solar and wind power the fact is that most of the `` renewable energy '' in the european union comes from burning wood ( pellets made from wood ) . 
  i mean this worse than burning coal but at least we can feel good about ourselves . 
  i 'd like to see some real efforts instead of playing around with statistics . 
  there is only one thing that makes me sceptical when talking about renewable energy in europe . 
  it is that eventhough we produce more renewable energy then we actually use bascially as much coal as we did before . 
  in germany renewable energy is replacing nuclear energy not coal energy , that is not a very good thing in my opinion - it should replace coal energy . 
  it is important to note that it is not the percentage of energy produced by coal and fossil fuels that is hurting the environment but the amount of coal and fossil fuels that we burn and we should be more focused on the amount instead of percentages . 
  population does n't matter because european union is an union of countries and all countries have one and equal voice when it comes to things like that . 
  how do you know that ? 
  depends if common budget and eurobonds ( common debt ) is the same thing . 
  this needs more clarification . 
  when reading this sub then it seems that it is exactly what people want . 
  they want politicians to give them bread an entertainment ( ancient rome examples in basic income threads ) and leave all the thinking to politicians . 
  it will be easier and more convenient for facebook to ban facebook in austria than applying austrian censorship to the entire world . 
  but there are countries like sweden who have budget surplus and are having very good economic growth which means that budget deficits are not necessary for economic growth . 
  right policies and good business environment is what is needed not a lot of debt . 
  let private sector do the investing and loaning instead of public sector . 
  of all the european countries france wanted the euro most and made germany accept it too . 
  i simply ca n't agree that it is is all euro 's fault . 
  is n't it possible that france tax system and business environment is holding them back because it is not the best country to do business in . 
  they could improve a lot in that regard which would obviously be good for their economic growth as well . 
  i think that germany can survive without euro if necessary and let 's not forget that pressure from france was one of the main reasons why germany even agreed to creating euro . 
  germany was never the most enthusiastic common currency supporter - it was basically forced on them . 
  but now everybody talks like it was some kind of a germany 's masterplan to keep everyone else poor . 
  the problem with spending to create growth is that countries who use this usually have higher budget deficit than gdp growth . 
  as i 've pointed out previously france has 3.4 % budget deficit and only 0.3 % growth and this ratio was even worse in the previous years . 
  this is no ways sustainable and austerity or some cuts are necessary in a situation like this . 
  european countries ca n't use loan money for investments anymore because it all goes on public spending or loan interests payments . 
  fiscal unification means that countries would have to adopt same stance when it comes to public spending and budget deficits and this is n't happening as of now . 
  every country in the european union thinks first about their own interests and then about european union interests . 
  why should germany be any different ? 
  countries pushing for eurobonds do it because it is good for them not for some higher cause and there is nothing wrong with it as there is nothing wrong with being against it . 
  then i 'd say that we just have to wait because i do n't have confidence in moving forward with the fiscal union when we ca n't even handle policies that we have now . 
  who says that the new fiscal policies we adopt wo n't be ignored few years after they have been drafted ? 
  there is no such guarantee and even if there will be penalities involved then they will be never used because implementing them is a political topic . 
  i would be willing to move forward when we reach current fiscal policy goals which include limiting budget deficit to 3 % and debt of gdp to 60 % . 
  when we achieve these first steps then we can move forward . 
  is n't it a good idea to move forward step by step ? 
  lately there have been many discussions in this subreddit about eurobonds and i remember it being said that now schultz is against it too . 
  both merkel and schultz are against this so there will be no change at all . 
  then we have to give up on euro because we know that germany and northern european countries wo n't accept that . 
  i am a huge euro supporter but supporter of version of euro as it is now . 
  why ? 
  is the only reason why euro exists the possiblity of issuing collective debt ? 
  do n't try to blame germany because they do n't give in to blackmailing . 
  i think that it is easier and more convenient for facebook to block their services in austria than to comply with this . 
  maybe they should do exactly that - would be interesting to see what happens . 
  together with right to be forgotten this means that people could ask companies to delete information when they are barely even mentioned or any information that they feel hurts them in some way . 
  nonsense . 
  asking google to not show certain results is censorship , is n't it ? 
  it reduces gdp because you ca n't inflate it anymore with loan money . 
  france would be in a better position budget deficit wise if they managed to grow their gdp more than 0.3 % with a budget deficit of 3.4 % . 
  this is not sustainable and because of that they have to cut their spending . 
  there is no point of scapegoating euro . 
  right to erasure is the difficult part and the part that i do n't agree with . 
  it 's against free speech . 
  also we should n't forget that baltic countries were already occupied by red army when these elections happened . 
  maybe we could find out new ways to relax rules when it comes to debt and unbalanced budgets without it threatening other members of the union but i still do n't understand why the debt has to be common . 
  why ca n't we have national debts as we do have now . 
  i am afraid that having common debt will create a new spending culture that encourages all countries in the union ( even those that do n't have budget deficits at the moment ) to spend more because it is common . 
  for example small countries like estonia could say that we are so small so we do n't have to worry about our spending anymore - finally we can spend like other countries do . 
  i do n't understand it either . 
  soon we have internet like they have in china with all that censorship and everybody seems to be okay with it . 
  the biggest problem with that is that once there is censorship it will be used for political purposes as well and there is no going back . 
  but are scientific publiciations really selling people 's data to 3rd parties ? 
  referendums are definitely risky but i have no idea what else to do in that case . 
  the reason why i am against common debt comes from the fact that i am against my own country having budget deficit as well so it would make no sense for me to support such proposals . 
  i have always been very conservative when it comes to fiscal and economic issues because i really belive that it is the right way . 
  maybe my thinking is influenced by stereotypes but we ca n't ingore that some southern european countries have had big budget deficits for decades . 
  for example i googled a little bit and found that portugal has budget deficit of 2.1 % this year that is it 's lowest in about 40 years . 
  this is a huge difference compared to my country for example . 
  for me it just does n't feel good . 
  they are not forced to do that . 
  for example i do n't use any social media because this is my own choice eventhough most of my relatives and friends do . 
  there is always a choice . 
  how there is n't ? 
  no one is forcing people to use services that use their data in a way that they do n't agree with . 
  alternative is not using their services . 
  public debt of my country is 10 % of gdp so i think you can understand me if i say that i would be nervous having common debt with countries that have entirely different ideas of spending ( budget deficits ) . 
  then do n't use services of companies that you think are handling your data in ways that you do n't agree with . 
  services have these privacy policies and terms that no one reads though .
