  public opinion does n't take baltics back from russia , it might save the next countries or not , if public opinion changes in couple of years again . 
  without usa nato does n't even have any capabilities to retake lost countries but usa is a country that is quite far away from europe and that 's why is it improtant that european countries would spend more on military , so that they would not depend on usa so much and could do something themselves too . 
  fighting with russia is not a mali mission or bombing libya ( when missiles ran out for european countries : / ) . 
  some of the eu leaders are protectionist as well , but on the scale of eu . 
  actually eu is very protectionist . 
  europe is and has been screwing with these companies for ages now . 
  it is a matter of time until usa responds to that . 
  i watched the trumps speech and i did n't get what was there to laugh about it . 
  seems immature as well . 
  they declared war and nothing happened . 
  that 's the reason why they call it phoney war . 
  politicans talk different things to estonians and russians in estonia because we do n't read and watch same media . 
  considering how russia talks constantly about how they are encircled by the world and that someone will try to attack them at any moment then i am not sure about who is really paranoid . 
  west is not going to start a nuclear war over baltics with russia , i am more than sure about it . 
  we need to have conventional forces in baltic states to make sure that russia does n't even think about attack baltic states because only conventional forces work as a deterrence . 
  they wo n't stop at netflix , that 's for sure . 
  i do n't want to kill european media . 
  i watch estonian tv shows , listen to estonian radio shows ( i do n't even listen to foreign radio ) and estonian movies all the time and all that without quotas . 
  it 's up to consumers what they want to listen and watch . 
  i ca n't stand goverments together with lobbyists forcing things on people . 
  i already know what 's the next step . 
  seeing how some countries in the european union want social media to delete everything that it seems as hate speech globally then soon europe is going to ask companies like netflix to so show european content globally which obviously would n't work considering that there are like 200 countries in the world and if everyone started to make demands then ... 
  i imagine that you can find these `` new '' movies under the category eurotrash . 
  next thing we have is that european productions have to move to usa to show movies there . 
  horrible . 
  i wonder why there has been no public discussion about it ? 
  i have n't heard sh * t about it estonia . 
  i am totally against these quotas and i only learned about them afterwards . 
  if you are forcing netflix to project your culture with quotas then you do n't have culture projection . 
  ca n't escape tv lobbyists . 
  not so good for me because i actually like action movies with things happening ( explosions , nice action scenes , good effects - entertainment ) not some dramatic monologues or love stories that european companies are producing . 
  but russia belives that they can capture territories without mad because they know that west does n't want to destroy the world either . 
  in the current state of things the one who makes the move first has an advantage . 
  fixed it . 
  yes but what happens next ? 
  this is not enough force to stop an attack and europe is not strong enough to counter-attack and recapture lost territory . 
  ca n't dream of a permament working contract ? 
  the reality is that under the current laws many people ca n't even get a job . 
  that 's what they want us to belive but unless the next step of efficiency is cutting wages then there is simply not enough money . 
  also i do n't know how creating more bureaucracy is going to increase efficiency to be honest because even with these central hq 's and commands the national ones will remain . 
  spending efficiently is just a buzzword because it is not a new termin and everytime countries cut their military spending they say something about `` it 's not how much you spend but how you spend '' `` more efficiency is the key '' but in reality military capabilites have deteriorated . 
  there is no substitute to money . 
  i am more than sure enough that joint eu defense policy will be used as an excuse to cut spending even more . 
  edit : sorry about multiple posts everybody . 
  my phone did n't respond so i smashed the submit button . 
  i deleted everything . 
  i do n't delete this one because one person has replied to it . 
  that 's what they want us to belive but unless the next step of efficiency is cutting wages then there is simply not enough money . 
  also i do n't know how creating more bureaucracy is going to increase efficiency to be honest because even with these central hq 's and commands the national ones will remain . 
  spending efficiently is just a buzzword because it is not a new termin and everytime countries cut their military spending they say something about `` it 's not how much you spend but how you spend '' `` more efficiency is the key '' but in reality military capabilites have deteriorated . 
  there is no substitute to money . 
  i am more than sure enough that joint eu defense policy will be used as an excuse to cut spending even more . 
  there are but they are token deployments . 
  here are like 1000 british soldiers in estonia together with some french soldiers who will leave when danes arrive + couple of hundred us soldiers . 
  they all are here through nato not eu . 
  i think that was the point that he tried to make . 
  indeed but hq is a good deterrent as well . 
  unfortunately i do n't think europe is going to ever send anything more than a token deployment of troops to countries here because feelings of russia  security of european memberstates bordening russia . 
  til that estonia and poland are not in the eu . 
  estonia spends 2.17 % and poland 2 % . 
  better abilities cost money so not going to happen i am afraid . 
  but is n't france too far away from russia ? 
  europe needs to set up good defense in countries near russia because it is the only way to defend these countries . 
  europe would n't be capable of retaking lost territories from enemy like russia so the best solution is to make sure that russia ca n't capture them in the first place . 
  russia is like one of the biggest threats to eu memberstates ( many of them ) so the hq ca n't be in a random european union state . 
  maybe germany because it is in a central position of the eu . 
  but unless eu `` military '' does nothing about russia threat then it is a pointless thing that serves interests of only half of the europe . 
  edit : also who cares what russia thinks about it . 
  i mean are we more concerned about building a united military that can defend all memberstates or caring about russias feelings . 
  russia does n't give a sh * t about what their enemies think about them and neither does usa but we in europe are concerned about feelings and sensitivities of our potential enemies ( i do n't mean usa as a potential enemy ) . 
  we have to increase budget nevertheless because management costs have been cut a lot during the crisises as well so this is all slimmed down already . 
  even if we put all memberstates budgets together it would not be enough to cover the costs of current equipment that all memberstates have and it wo n't be enough for future purchases either . 
  there has been lots of discussion in this subreddit about european union laws regarding internet and social media . 
  for example : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/69y8u9/dear_europe_please_dont_kill_free_speech_in_the/ i can keep posting them if you want . 
  i just do n't like the approach european union is taking because it is obivous where it leads . 
  i am actually worried about free speech and the point of my post was that unfortunately we are moving in the same direction . 
  uk is a bit ahead of the rest of the europe in controlling internet and i do n't want similar things to happen in the eu . 
  i am not anti-european but the opposite . 
  just because i want eu to take a different approach to free speech does n't mean i am against the eu . 
  i 'm just strongly pro-free speech . 
  you replacing words hateful with illegal does n't change anything because anything can be deemed as illegal by goverments . 
  saying bad things about communist party might be illegal in china but it does n't mean that it should be illegal . 
  austria wants it 's hate speech laws to be implemented globally and that 's a problem . 
  but european countries are moving in the same direction because they ( other countries besides austria as well in this case ) want social media sites and search engines to delete things that they do n't like or find hateful . 
  is n't this problematic ? 
  i fear that we are moving in the direction when soon opposing political views and opinions are viewed as hateful . 
  european countries are coming up with new laws all the time . 
  for example just last week there was a post in this sub about new austrian laws according to which facebook must delete globally everything that is hate speech in austria . 
  the main problem is that we are having similar developments in the european union as well . 
  one of the examples are very vague hate speech rules that goverments can use to make social media sites delete every post that they do n't like . 
  we are not at the chinese level but each year , step by step , we are getting closer there . 
  military spending works with inertia so even if you start to spend more now it may take more than a decade to even start to feel the effects of spending more . 
  effects of the european underfunding will reveal themselves in the future because we will now lag behind and this gap is not so easy to make up . 
  i am not sure if it is america overspending or europe underspending . 
  european defense expenditures are at historical lowpoint at the moment . 
  i hope that something like that does n't happen as well but before 2013 i did n't even belive that annexation of crimea was a possibility . 
  i just hope that europe would spend more money on developing conventional capabilites and place more soldiers in baltic countries so that such scenario can never happen . 
  if you look their military exercises like zapad next one is in this september ) and kavkaz then they think that such scenario will work in eastern europe . 
  they have different plans for different regions and enemies . 
  so what would your response be should scenario that i described above happen ?
