  these french and uk systems are so strange indeed . 
  how is it acceptable that 32 % votes gets you 75 % of the seats . 
  proportional system is the best because 32 % of votes gets you roughly 32 % of seats as it should be . 
  the important question is if he can lead them to the election victory and the answer to that question is no in my opinion . 
  eventhough labour did better than expected during the elections and media has made it look like conservatives suffered a huge defeat , let 's not forget that they will be ruling the country until the next elections , that are probably going to be held in the year 2022 . 
  to be fair 500 million does n't sound like much and if it makes eu one of the biggest defense reasearch investors in europe then it makes me wonder if anyone at all is investing in defense research at the moment . 
  eastern and central european defense industries could offer something if they got more funding as well . 
  poland for example has a defense industry but i am sure that france and germany would be more prefered . 
  i have a feeling that most of the funds will go to companies in western europe and everyone else has to buy from them in the future . 
  i hope that defense industries in eastern and central europe get funds as well . 
  in europe talk is more important than actions so make your conclusions . 
  i am not sure either but they have very strong conventional capabilites ( unrivaled in the world ) and they might use that . 
  you can spread them across the european union but they will still end up going to germany because there is a community there , not in eastern europe and central europe . 
  there was this article about refugees in estonia : http://time.com/4793913/finding-home-estonia-where-the-heart-is/ also yesterday another family left for germany . 
  i am not sure that france would use nuclear weapons to defend baltics should russia try to attack . 
  developing and buying are not the same thing . 
  they do n't want to buy together with this fund but share the development costs of new tech . 
  does n't seem like a big fund if it is going to reach just 1 billion by 2021 , considering that the same article says that developing of eurofighter did cost 20 billion . 
  my bad . 
  thought you meant planes for commercial airlines . 
  you do n't have to loan for that . 
  also poorer european countries already get eu funds for infrastructure projects . 
  also i am not sure that goverments are allowed to buy planes for companies because state aid is not allowed . 
  i agree . 
  in my country the goverment is attacked right now by media and opposition because they want to have 0.5 % budget deficit next year ( they have to change a law for this because budget deficit is not allowed right now ) . 
  i hope that they listen to criticism and have a even budget without deficit . 
  i do n't get the extreme media focus on handshake either . 
  seems like some kind of inferiority complex . 
  i wonder what the line of thinking must be - we might not be as powerful as usa but look at that god-almighty handshake - it 's so powerful . 
  to be honest everyone could see it coming and i tried to make this point as well . 
  when excisting rules are not properly implemented then it makes no sense to make news ones . 
  state aid is not allowed according to eu laws so you ca n't use it to develop industrial base . 
  this means that there is no use for debt . 
  these are not the best examples because the countries you mentioned rely heavily on finance . 
  for example united kingdom has the 2nd biggest financial industry in the world . 
  but everyone ca n't rely on finance . 
  there has to be a reason why germany , the european country with the strongest industry , has the strongest economy in europe . 
  also strong domestic industry helps to create a strong service sector . 
  we ca n't be service economies if we want to be wealthy - that was my point . 
  there is not a single rich country without strong industry or natural resources like oil and gas . 
  the only exception are financial centers . 
  the usually relax restrictions in sectors where local monopolies have been established and foreign competition ca n't succeed . 
  it is easy to say when prices start to rise we are just going to ramp up production but if steel companies are shutting down and factories are gone then you ca n't ramp up the production immediately . 
  you have to re-build the factories and train new people . 
  it is a good move for consumers ( short term ) but a bad move for european economy because it will destroy european industry - which is already happening . 
  economy based only on services is never going to be enough because not all countries can become financial centers . 
  i do n't even think that the steel is the real problem here . 
  the main problem seems to be the fact that it is very difficult for european countries to do business in china so opening our market for china is not a very good move . 
  kinda reminds me of our current prime minister when asked question . 
  he could probably talk over 1 hour about anything and when you think later , what he talked about , then the answer is absolutely nothing . 
  but they do n't protect free trade though . 
  they want free access to europe not the other way around . 
  differences on trade is the reason why eu and china could n't even make a joint statement about climate change . 
  eventhough i know that european military is in a bad shape , sometimes you still will be surprised by how bad things are . 
  it 's a bitter truth so this article is going to be downvoted a lot . 
  what post-ww2 sanctions ? 
  the same article says that during the peak of cold war germany had a tank force of 2125 leopard 2s - and this was just a western germany . 
  russia is a threat . 
  iraq was n't nato mission though . 
  hopefully latvia will recover soon . 
  i think that these sanctions , should there ever be any , would be catastrophe for european union because china is not going to sanction usa , india is not going to sanction usa , japan is not going to sanction usa , canada is not going to sanction usa or any other major economic power outside of the europe . 
  usa has a huge trade deficit with europe which means that europe would kill it 's export because it is more than sure that usa would respond to any extra tariffs against them . 
  i think that things would 've have to get a lot worse for researches to come to europe from usa because all the money and resources are there . 
  their universities spend so much more money . 
  trump is not going to be a president for ever . 
  even if he gets reelected then 2 terms is a limit . 
  they are our allies . 
  that 's the reason why it is important that all climate change deals include as many countries in the world as possible or at least the most industrialized ones because eventhough renewable energy is the future , the reality is that it is not competitive enough as of yet - otherwise everyone would have adopted it long time ago . 
  might be a troll though . 
  eu gdp is 16 trillion with uk . 
  made simple error . 
  13,8 trillion dollars is the eu gdp without uk and the defense budget would be 69 billion dollars . 
  russia spends around 60-70 billion dollars as well and that 's what i meant . 
  i just accidentally used million . 
  estonian gdp growth was 4.4 in the first quarter compared to last year . 
  check mate . 
  good to see baltic economies doing well . 
  if it would be only french and german co-operation then they obviously do n't have to invite anyone else but if they are laying foundations to common european security force that would in the future have to include all member states then they should invite others . 
  polls suggest that you can rely on usa but not germany . 
  usa is 75 % of nato so good enough . 
  we would only have to spend 0,5 % of gdp to be have the same army as now ??!??!?!?!?!?!, 
  this is extreme naivety and just wishful thinking - not a reality . 
  if eu ( without uk ) would spend 0.5 % gdp then our military budget would be 69 billion dollars ( ca 60 billion euros ) ... 
  so instead of 28 different armies we would only have 1 army that would be weaker than russias army . 
  huge superpower ... 
  i am not sure that 0,5 % of gdp would be enough to pay for soldiers wages . 
  edit : fixed millions to billions, 
  it seems like other countries are not even invited to discuss . 
  germany 's coal usage has remained consistent so not a lot of progress . 
  they decided to close nuclear power plants and substituted nuclear energy with coal - not a good move in my opinion . 
  i still have n't heard what laws are they breaking . 
  this is a legitimate question . 
  what law are they breaking ? 
  forget the european unity that was talked after trump 's visit . 
  europe is going to fight itself . 
  they would n't hire eastern european drivers anymore in that case because there would be no point . 
  earning little bit less vs no job . 
  easy decision . 
  not to mention that some supermarkets are expanding into eastern europe with the help of development funds . 
  seems like unfair advantage against local competition .
