  we already have common fiscal policy but everyone ignores it . 
  we ca n't even commit to 3 % budget deficit and 60 % debt of gdp limits . 
  edit : i know that now 60 % debt of gdp is almost impossible to achieve but the point of is to show that even when we set some limits then they will be still ignored in the future . 
  how can i be sure that if eurozone adops new fiscal policy that everyone wo n't ignore it after 5 years . 
  it means that both of the possible next chancellors of germany are against eurobonds so this means that there will be no eurobonds . 
  i like that . 
  sorry , i forgot that eastern european countries had no right to say anything . 
  i think that merkel can resist anyone and as long as necessary . 
  i have lost all my faith in the so called `` proper fiscal unification of the eurozone '' because there are too many countries that do n't care about 3 % budget deficit and 60 % of gdp debt limits . 
  i would n't force germany so much because it is starting to look like blackmailing in my opinion . 
  forcing germany too much might break the current eu but it might not be bad after all . 
  maybe northern european countries can make some kind of a trade and economic union with germany in that case - because northern european countries tend to have same views as germany when it comes to economic and fiscal policies . 
  if there is common debt for the future then i want out of eurozone . 
  i do n't want my country to suffer because of irresponsible loaning and budget deficits in the future . 
  i hope that referendums will be held on membership of eurozone when such proposals are made because collective debt is huge topic and goverments should ask people if they are okay with this . 
  it 's my opinion and nobody has to agree with it because everyone has right to their own opinion . 
  of course centertism does n't mean utopia but it is a lot better than any ideology that has far attached to it . 
  i think that labour parties are to blame for what has happened in the past few years because instead of representing working class they started to make fun of them and ridicule them ( making fun of people because of their education is something that is popular even in this subreddit ) . 
  because they wo n't represent them anymore then obviously working class has turned to far right parties that usually tend have very socialist economic policies . 
  i do n't think that anybody cries about labour parties losing votes anymore . 
  i also like that both far left and far right were beaten . 
  i was worried that they might elect far left canditate and eventhough some people in this sub tried to convince that far left is n't as bad as far right but i was n't buying it . 
  good result in my opinion and by larger margin than i expected . 
  obviously these precentages will change as votes are counted but it does n't really matter anymore because he is not going to lose it . 
  i was looking at that figure but i was just saying that french does n't have 78 million native speakers in europe . 
  france has 66 million people living there and millions of them do n't even speak french natively . 
  i know that there are native speakers in belgium and switzerland as well but are there really this many ? 
  because according to studies italian and english are ahead of french as well when it comes to number of native speakrs . 
  according to that wikipedia graph french has quite a bit less than 78 million native speakers in europe so that 's the huge part of the difference as well . 
  many people speak german natively outside of germany as well . 
  for example in austria . 
  english is the easiest of the 3 for sure . 
  i think that i could never pronounce french right so i wo n't be even able to speak it . 
  does anyone else besides native french speakes use french ? 
  i think that everyone else is using english . 
  they could learn but as of now german has the most speakers so if we have to switch now then german would be better choice . 
  according to wikipedia table the advantage to german is like 30 million native speakers right now . 
  but to be honest i would support english as the main language of the eu . 
  edit : also germany is the most powerful country in europe so that has to count something as well ? 
  i do n't think that they would . 
  german is popular language in poland for example . 
  for history french is obviously more important but if we talk about modern day europe and how juncker says that english is fading then the next most logical choice should be german . 
  after all , in addition to german having most native speakers in european union , germany is the most powerful country in europe . 
  i 'm more than sure that we would be worse off without austerity right now . 
  only person that did n't belive that austerity worked in estonia was krugman so there was even one sided twitter war between estonian president and krugman . 
  austerity might have even made crisis worse in the very short term ( because it would 've been more convenient to loan money instead of cutting spending ) but in the long term it was the right decision . 
  i do n't think that this is coincidence that estonia was if not the quickest then one of the qucikest countries to recover from crisis . 
  estonia has had budget surplus ever since so deficit spending was n't important for us . 
  but the goverment that we have had since the end of 2016 wants to change the law to allow deficits up to 0.5 % ( budget deficit is not allowed by law ) but i hope that this does n't happen because it will go only on populistic spending and benefits eventhough they claim it goes for investments ( noone belives them ) . 
  they want popularity for elections . 
  anyone knows why french is regarded as second most important language in europe not german ? 
  german is the most spoken first language ( native speakers ) in europe . 
  works for me . 
  it might be possible that i am biased as well because for example in estonia and latvia goverments imposed harsh austerity as soon as the crisis started which cut wages and goverment spending a lot . 
  also there were tax increases on people too . 
  but it worked out well for us and now our countries have recovered and are doing well . 
  i think that with austerity there is no middle ground - you do it or not - and in my opinion many countries that are struggling right now were initally too hesitant and wanted to make it gradually or spend their way out of it unsuccessfully . 
  public sectors jobs are usually jobs that do n't generate economic growth but just cost money because public sector offers mostly services instead of things that create nice profit . 
  meanwhile private sector is the opposite because they have to create additional value to make money so i would bank only on private sector to get the economy going . 
  i think that nordic and baltic countries will do exactly as germany says so i think that even 2/3 majority is impossible to achieve . 
  my personal opinion is that eu should change it 's economic models as well but in the different direction : i think that less deficit should be allowed . 
  the fighting part ( who gets factories ) is something that i would be afraid of as well because it could lead to many projects being cancelled . 
  only countries that have problems and had to take austerity measures for extended periods were ones that had problem with high debt in the first place . 
  had n't they had high debt then there would n't have been nearly as big problems as there were . 
  i mean deficits and goverment debt just ca n't keep rising for ever because it will make economy crash at one point . 
  edit : i am also sceptical about deficits getting the economy going part because france has currently 3.4 % budget deficit and 0.3 % economic growth so the money just disappears while debts will remain . 
  even 2/3 wo n't be enough because germany is not alone but usually most of the eastern and northern eu members think alike . 
  creating businesses and jobs that improve economy is something that private sector has to do not public sector/goverment . 
  to be honest blaming the eu is the politicians nr 1 go-to move in almost all countries when something goes wrong . 
  the main reason that european defense industry is behind us industry is money . 
  i belive that scientist in europe are not inferior to those that work in usa eventhough usa attracts lots of talent from around the world but the main difference is that in usa there is money and resources . 
  i am more than sure that europe could 've made it 's own 5th generation fighter plane project but probably it would 've been killed by parliaments for being too expensive . 
  i mean look how much backlash f-35 got in usa for it 's costs and usa is a country that has traditionally spent big money on military . 
  f-35  eurofighter . 
  i mean f-35b is much better plane for aircraft carriers because eurofighter ca n't even land on one . 
  completely remove american dependency ? 
  good luck with that because it is not going to happen any time soon . 
  if europe starts to spend collectively nearly as much as usa does then perhaps it is even possible to somewhat close the gap between us and european arms industries but meanwhile not a chance . 
  also what i do n't like is that the main talking point of these european military projects is saving costs which means that we will have a cheap military that has saving costs written all over it . 
  what european militaries need is money and all these military projects is just a distraction to fool voters who belive in these things . 
  i mean if european countries without uk spend at most like 150 billion compared to over 600 billion that usa spends then you have a problem . 
  before anyone says that saving costs means that we can buy more then ( that is little bit true ) it wo n't help much when it comes to r&d which is extremely expensive when it comes to modern military technologies . 
  also as some poeple have mentioned here uk leaving takes away a lot of know-how that other european countries do n't have right now so at first it sets european projects even further back . 
  look how expensive it is to develop f-35 . 
  i do n't think that italy has the capabilities and resources to develop such plane . 
  they can build planes so they are going to do exactly that - build . 
  it 's hard to tell but i think that euro has been generally good for estonia . 
  it has boosted trade with other countries and from my own point of view it just has made life more convenient when traveling to finland for example because i do n't have to convert currencies anymore . 
  i do n't know how euro could 've had impact on unemployment or factories closing because it 's just a currency . 
  maybe these factories were going to be closed anyways . 
  latvia adopted euro in 2014 and since then nothing bad has happened and latvian economy is doing very well right now ( almost 4 % growth ) . 
  i also remember some news that euro had big impact on consumer behavior and people started to look prices more than they did previously so maybe this is something that has had an effect on how people view euro . 
  i live in a rural area myself but not far from a bigger town . 
  but people moving to towns is something that has been happening since the 19th century here ( continued during the soviet times ) so nothing out of ordinary to be honest . 
  economic situation is a lot lot better than it was during the soviet union . 
  there is even no point of debating it because it 's a fact . 
  obviously facts ca n't fight with emotions and nostalgia . 
  in my country about 67 % of people support eu and it 's basically the same as it was when we joined the eu . 
  single market , schengen area , euro are things that people generally like because they make lives better and more convenient . 
  my parents and grandparents do n't even want to hear anything about soviet times and they definitely do n't want these times back .
