  why did n't you quote the rest of the sentence ? 
  i 'll do it for you . 
  `` as president trump has made it clear , it is not suitable for the u.s. to maintain a disproportionate share of nato 's defense expenditures '' . 
  to me it looks like a decent argument . 
  i 'm sure that it was bigger when it was made . 
  i thought it was fake news because both americans and germans denied it . 
  indeed . 
  posting comics like these over and over again makes us look like a very arrogant and snobbish bunch of people . 
  consistency is exactly what we need when it comes to sanctions . 
  we ca n't forget annexations in few years because it would encourage more annexations . 
  but you ca n't spend eu funds on military and let 's not forget that there are many countries that get funds from the eu and do n't meet 2 % requirement . 
  all estonian parties that are represented in parliament support spending at least 2 % and some of them want to increase it even more - it all comes down to political will . 
  yes and us is just asking how are they going to reach 2 % by 2024 . 
  i love the part of the article that says that 150 000 defects have been repaired so far . 
  i wonder how many more are there . 
  or even seen one in real life . 
  if europe does n't have these problems why was this law necessary ? 
  are n't illegal guns smuggled to eu from countries that are not in the eu ? 
  why is eu making it so hard to like eu ? 
  for every good law they have to create 2 bad ones it seems . 
  but they lost votes compared to 2012 which shows that the support is n't there . 
  i ca n't belive how out of proportions dijsselbloem comments have been blown . 
  there are definitely some political games behind it . 
  it is obvious . 
  they definitely have . 
  i have also wondered why media does n't call out left wing populism that we have plenty of in europe as of now as well . 
  seems to be some kind of a double standard . 
  i do n't understand this hate and patronizing attitude against less educated people at all . 
  look around , we have well educated people beliving in stalinism/maoism ( especially during 20th century and in france but it still exists these days ) and university students who think that che guevara and fidel castro were good - just to name a few examples . 
  how is it bullshit rhetoric about equality in nordic countries ??? 
  nordic countries have high taxes and these billionaires pay their share and that 's it . 
  being a billionaire is not a crime against equality because everyone can become entrepreneurer in nordic countries and thus become a billionaire - that 's what equality should be all about . 
  maybe they want to deal with it now when it is still possible , before it becomes a problem later on . 
  people throwing stones are not unarmed and if they throw stones at policd officer it is clear that they want to hurt him . 
  and as pointed out regular police officers do n't wear riot gear so they are not protected . 
  yes , and regular police officers do n't wear riot gear or any helmets . 
  it seems like a proportional use of force to me because getting hit by stone in the head can kill you . 
  there was n't but it was n't an issue . 
  still had fun time watching it because it did n't had that much dialoge and you could understand what was going on . 
  i still remember soundtracks though :d, 
  remember watching nu pogodi over and over again when i was younger . 
  my grandmother had them on vhs . 
  what is the point of posting this data in 2017 when it is from 2013 . 
  so much has changed since then . 
  i would n't be suprised if next time we find a map that uses data from 1913 . 
  well that article does n't seem very neutral and balanced . 
  i would n't bury merkel chances right now and i also does n't understand how merkel means less democracy . 
  has merkel done anything against democracy in germay ? 
  no she has n't . 
  i also fear that r/europe will become even worse in the coming months . 
  you can already feel that this subreddit will become like r donald and sanders where everything allowed is only pro schultz . 
  this is n't a provocation . 
  provocation is something much more serious than 26 soldiers taking a pictore in a country that belongs to nato . 
  meanwhile russia will host a military exercise behind balitc countries border this year thas has over 100 000 soldiers . 
  26 vs 100 000 - which one is more serious ? 
  obvioulsy russia will tell that they can do whatever they want in russia and this would be my answer in this case also - they posed in estonia and estonia is a nato member . 
  why ? 
  they 're in estonia not in russia . 
  how you know that russia wo n't invade ? 
  are you a decision maker in russia ? 
  russia has annexed part of ukraine and fights in eastern ukraine which shows that russia will invade other countries if they want to . 
  also russian planes have simulated nuclear attacks against sweden which clearly sounds alarming to me . 
  tens of thousands of estonians have gone to finland and they are doing just fine . 
  learn finnish and everything is possible . 
  depends who i meet . 
  sometimes i say hi , sometimes i nod and sometimes i shake hands - this is all with people i know . 
  in formal situations i say hello ( tere ) . 
  6 months ( or 2 years for people over 50 ) seems very good to me . 
  i think that you are exaggerating . 
  people post guardian and independent articles in this subreddit and these two are even worse than telegraph so i see no reason why telegraph should n't be okay . 
  russia does care about baltics because russia ca n't accept the fact that they have no control over baltic countries eventhough they see baltic countries as part of their `` near abroad '' . 
  people in estonia speak russian as well so we can read what is being written in russian media and said in their tv channels about baltic countries so you ca n't fool us by saying that you do n't care . 
  usa is not the only lng producer in the world so there is market out there for lng which gives customers a choice , something that we do n't have with russian gas . 
  i 'd rather buy gas from usa even if it were a bit more expensive because russia is not friendly towards my country . 
  but you ca n't equate nord stream 2 with european interests because as has been said many of the countries that are in the european union are against this project . 
  ca n't get more crazy than that . 
  have to side with usa on this one because i think that current sanctions are not enough . 
  i would n't be surprised if housing costs are in the favor of usa because buying a decent home is definitely cheaper there . 
  france is going to use rafale at least until 2040 so around 2040s will be the new jet ready to use which would make sense because you ca n't build fifth gen fighter from scratch in like 10 years . 
  everybody knew that it was a publicity stunt from the beginning . 
  not a surprise . 
  so any predictions when will see the results ? 
  even multiple countries could not afford it right now because defense expenditures are small in europe and as you pointed out these projects are political . 
  there is no reason for countries that do not participate in such programmes to buy these planes because they tend to be expensive . 
  well it is n't belgium 's fault that sweden decided to withdraw from the competition because they did n't want to provide operational support to belgium should they choose swedish fighters . 
  well that explains it . 
  would n't it be shorter route to the other side ( right side ) ? 
  it is obvious that he wanted to be next to trump . 
  so much of the greatest handshake of all time . 
  most of the stuff that i buy is domestic but sometimes i want different flavors so i buy foreign products including those made in the us . 
  it would n't be end of the world but it still would be annoying . 
  i buy different kind of sauces , candies , drinks that are imported from the us and i am afraid that these might end up in the list that eu is making . 
  of course but these products are not identical to those that are being made in usa . 
  but why does this retaliation have to target things that europeans consume . 
  ca n't they target something similar to steel ? 
  in this case the only one who loses is european consumer . 
  germany deployed troops to lithuania . 
  you obviously do n't know much about this time period . 
  which event ? 
  all of the so called important annual events .
