wars have mostly started because of things happening in continental europe so strong eu even if it has to be at the expense of uk is what we need . 
  article says that they want black hawks that can be made locally . 
  black hawks are definitely not inferior in my opinion because they are proven to be one of the best helicopters out there + jobs for locals if they are made locally . 
  seems like a good idea in my opinion . 
  also it helps strenghten defence cooperation with usa . 
  that 's what i am afraid of as well - excuse to cut defense spending even more . 
  to be fair what 's happening currently just seems to be a way to show people that they are doing somethingh about defense even though they are really not . 
  if all countries would spend 2 % then defense issues would be solved . 
  the article says russia places s400 missile system along border and that 's it . 
  who is saying that you are not allowed ? 
  austerity is the best policy in this case because european countries no longer have financially responsible attitude . 
  the reason why we have austerity is because of the single currency . 
  we saw already how much damage greece can do alone so imagine if there are more or bigger countries that end up in the same situation . 
  i 'd say the solution is simple . 
  countries who do n't like austerity and deficit limits that come with it should just get out of the euro or otherwise they will screw other countries with their policies as well . 
  it 's not irrelevant because european countries are democratic and politicians do care about what people think . 
  and these attidues may be represented in future goverments as well . 
  for example the popularity of anti-usa and anti-nato politicians in france and germany has risen over last few years who prefer russia instead . 
  i am also afraid that european army might be used by some politicians as a way to counter usa power or influence which would be a really counter-productive step in my opinion . 
  it might create a false sense of security and also because of this false sense of security we may ruin our relationship with usa . 
  even european countries together do n't come anywhere near usa military capabilities because of underfunding . 
  there is nothing wrong with nato and things as they are now - so why change it . 
  if estonia gets invaded all of the eu does n't have to declare war on russia because this applies only to nato . 
  plus it will probably be useless force capable of doing nothing because it needs like one million summits to agree on doing anything . 
  in nato army ( more like coalition forces in nato case ) wo n't be mobilized automatically either and it needs support from member countries to do something - and this process takes time . 
  but what we should keep in mind is that usa is actually strong enough that it can actually do something without recieving help from other nato countries so usa can actually act unilaterally to help their allies - european countries do n't have the military power to act unilaterally in such situations . 
  most of the time when usa asks for help in international missions it is just to create a picture of international coalition and support but in reality they still do the heavylifting alone and really do n't need help . 
  but you can hope on the eu and i think we just have to agree to disagree in this case . 
  i just hope that should european army become a real thing that my country ( estonia ) wo n't join with it . 
  i am willing to count on nato which means usa only . 
  eastern european military repsonse ? 
  this was a terrorist attack not a full invasion by a foreign country . 
  there is only security co-operation that can be done in situation like this . 
  but also estonians fought with france in africa so we have helped . 
  no we would n't unless all european countries increase their military spending but european army would probably be a good excuse to cut military spending because some countries do n't see russia as a potential threat to themselves ( this is important ) . 
  and european army would probably need approval by all member states to do anything which would be time consuming and there is probably going to be a member state like who would be against the war etc. 
  the point is that usa is willing to help its nato allies and according to polls majority of their population as well . 
  and what is even more important - usa is the only country in the world that has the necessary military capabilities to help countries in this region against russian aggression . 
  of course eu would n't stay silent when eu member country would be attacked . 
  they would publicly say how concerned they are and hope to find peaceful solutions - basically the usual stuff . 
  but as polls prove most of the germans and french are not willing to help their nato allies against russia . 
  so i think it will be exactly they same with the european army . 
  there is simply no will to help us who border russia no matter which name the alliance is called . 
  english because we have to call americans for help . 
  does finland have allies ? 
  trust me . 
  germans and french are not willing to die fighting against russia . 
  polls prove that . 
  but it is always usa that has to make the first move . 
  there is almost no initative from european side . 
  let 's not fool ourselves . 
  should there be a european army we would still look at what usa does before doing anything ourselves . 
  european countries simply have lacking defensive capabilities so we would still be dependent on usa - this would n't change anytime soon . 
  even little france led european missions to africa were made possible thanks to us logistical help . 
  but it is only usa that can help against russia . 
  western and northern european countries have cut their defense spending so much that they have gaps in their defensive capabilities . 
  and what is most important - they ( western european countries ) do n't have the will do help either . 
  for example according to polls majority of french and german people are against helping nato allies should they have conflicts with russia . 
  this wo n't change with the european army either . 
  i am 100 % against it . 
  i ca n't trust western europe with something as important as this . 
  i think we should leave security to nato which right now works thanks to usa anyways . 
  and i fear that should european army come into existence it is used as an excuse to cut spending on defense even more . 
  i 'm not sure if anyone has even bothered to make them because talking about diplomatic solution means that you wo n't have to do anything . 
  it 's like 7th year of syrian civil war - i 'm sure that if there had been a will these plans would 've been made long ago . 
  comparing to some of the other countries merkel is hardly a conservative . 
  more like a center-right . 
  if i were a german i would vote for merkel as well . 
  good to know . 
  if germany and europe would abandon austerity then i would be against being in eurozone . 
  it 's too dangerous to have a same currency with countries that are not strict with their finances . 
  you ca n't work with assad because he is the main reason why syria is in such a mess right now . 
  go back to 2011 and look how things unfolded . 
  civil war and the chaos is just a symptom of how assad ruled syria . 
  if assad remains then it will be just matter of time when everything starts again . 
  more spending means less conflicts . 
  military conflicts usually happen when one side is weaker because weakness is seen as a provocation to stronger countries . 
  if europe becomes some kind of a pacifist paradise that ca n't defend its interests around the world then china , usa , india and russia will just walk over europes interests . 
  and trust me this would harm unity of europe as well because not everyone would be okay with being punching bag of the big players . 
  anyone knows why kokoomus lost second most votes ( only ps lost more ) compared to last time ? 
  also i am watching the yle live stream and i like the word `` kannatus % '' which means `` suffering % '' in estonian . 
  thanks . 
  but why would anyone want to live inside helsinki is mindboggling to me . 
  you have very good railway system ( in my own opinion eventhough first time i used it train was late :d ) that connects to smaller cities around helsinki where houses are cheaper . 
  so it is very convenient to commute and i ca n't think of a good reason to buy a home in helsinki . 
  i think that lack of affordable housing is an unsolvable problem in big cities . 
  i care about kerava but is there some kind of an election map ( op has posted liveblog but i just want to see results ) to see results by each municipality when they are revealed ? 
  i mean you are swedish pm so do something about it . 
  or is someone else ruling sweden ? 
  to be fair r2g coalition looks kind a scary in my opinion so no wonder people are being cautious . 
  going too far left or right is n't a good option these days . 
  the only reasonable alternative to english in eu would be german ( according to number of speakers ) but i think it would n't be accepted so english is the best we have . 
  england conquered many countries but this is not the case in europe where people have voluntarily learned english . 
  it 's one of two official languages there but they speak maltese language as far i know . 
  totally forgot ireland . 
  my bad . 
  english is so widely used that esperanto has no chance . 
  english is the best common langauge and soon it will be neutral language because as we all know uk will be leaving the eu . 
  the only minus of english language is that it is too mainstream and not exotic enough for hipsters . 
  everyone brace yourselves because there is at least 2 years of comics like this to come .
