  who came up to you and made sure you needed to be at the event ? 
  there were many different ways to control peoples behaviour . 
  one of the ways was through workplace where certain people had to make sure that you ( and all the other workers ) attend events or else there will be repercussions . 
  depends . 
  i think when it comes to security and strategic interests there is more common with poland than germany . 
  it is just a meeting . 
  i mean western european leaders have met with trump also so not a big deal . 
  to me it seems that media is trying to create a story here . 
  social media sites will probably delete everything that gets reported in this case . 
  they are never going to risk 50 million for a single post . 
  this is not just about google . 
  i do n't see any problems with companies promoting their own services on their own websites and using their own apps on products that they are making . 
  especially if these services and products are free to use for people . 
  choice is in this case would be not to buy phone with android if one does n't like google . 
  first you said you doubt it is included which means you do n't know if it will be included but the fact is that it is an app . 
  playstore is an app too . 
  how are you going to do anything with android if it has no apps like google chrome and store pre-installed ??? 
  also there is not a single reason why google should n't be able to put their own apps on their own product that they have developed with their own money . 
  this is nonsense . 
  the reason why android is the most popular mobile os is how it is right now , just the way it is . 
  people want google apps on android platform and if somebody does n't like it then do n't buy it . 
  do google 's competitors pay for development of android ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't understand why ca n't android have google apps installed when android is made by google . 
  google should have every right to decide what is on android and what is not - it 's their product . 
  after all there are many alternatives to android so if people do n't like android buy something else . 
  drivers in motorsports and especially in f1 have to be extremely fit so it is definitely physical . 
  i somewhat agree . 
  it is hard for me to support european military when europe ca n't even do anything about what 's going on in the mediterranean sea . 
  good to hear . 
  btw the jaguars look awesome in my opinion . 
  am i the only one who does n't understand it ? 
  he was n't picked first or anywhere close to first . 
  apparently only estonians do n't know that estonia is building a nuclear plant . 
  there is no nuclear plant and there are no plans to build one either . 
  germany did n't care when eastern europe and nordic countries voiced their doubts about nord stream 2 and brushed everything off by saying it 's just business . 
  the reaction by germany to new us sanctions has been almost hysterical so the usa has really hit the nail on its head somewhere . 
  maybe now thanks to usa germany will listen to concerns of it 's eastern eu memberstates as well . 
  they are definitely brutal to look at and live in i imagine . 
  but there is enough lng to not build nord stream 2 . 
  indeed . 
  it is obvious that this is all about money . 
  why else would eu try to fine them % on global revenues not european revenues . 
  so you would choose russia over all the countries that are between germany and russia . 
  again security of eastern and central europe gets screwed by business interests . 
  trump has not had a really big effect in eestern europe because we do n't focus on what trump says but what usa does . 
  also american press seems to be a lot more critical when it comes to trump compared to rest of the world . 
  does it matter who sells the most ? 
  it 's about principle . 
  if europe is so against selling weapons to sa then it should lead by an example . 
  what makes these sanctions illegal ? 
  is it illegal for usa to set sanctions on russia . 
  like come on . 
  it is perfectly legal for usa to fine companies that do business in the usa that try to get around their sanctions . 
  the war started because there was a public unrest against dicator but things spiraled out of control . 
  usa could 've stopped things reaching the point they did . 
  europe sells weapon to saudi arabia as well so no reason to blame usa for it . 
  these eurofighter planes and h&k rifles definitely came from usa ... 
  war is the best way to distract people from domestic problems like bad economy . 
  eventhough things are not perfect in afghanistan or iraq it seems better than what 's going on in syria which is a disaster for both syria and europe . 
  buy it from someone else . 
  there are lng terminals - does n't have to be us gas companies because there are plenty of sellers . 
  they are funding moderate rebels now but the war did n't start because of the usa - there was no us involvement then . 
  i am just saying that had usa intervened in 2011 the war would be over by now and there would be no refugee crisis . 
  afghanistan was a nato mission and had to be done because of the 9/11 attacks . 
  iraq was a more complicated case and could 've been avoided indeed but it had no impact on europe like syrian crisis does now . 
  how is usa helping sa spread wahhabism in europe ? 
  i read the article but i could spot anything about illegal sanctions nor sabbotage . 
  usa set new sanctions on russia and germany and austria got angry . 
  usa opposing nord stream 2 is not illegal - many european countries oppose it as well . 
  sanctions are always going to hurt both sides . 
  european union has a bigger economy than russia so europe should go for it . 
  libya was an european mission and usa did n't get involved in syria - would be solved by now if they had . 
  soviet union was just too weak and could n't control their former puppet peoples republics anymore not because of ostpolitik . 
  look what happened in the other central european countries during that time - soviets were leaving . 
  what are they sabotaging ? 
  the fact that there are no sanctions on the energy sector shows that the sanctions are not serious but just a face saving project because europe had to do something about ukraine . 
  all that talk about how russia is nothing but a big gas station ( most of the revenue comes from oil and gas ) and there are no sanctions on energy . 
  like what the heck . 
  i find it funny how germany and austria worry about pipelines , saying it is bad for their businesses , but us companies have mega oil projects in sibera on hold as well because of the sanctions . 
  get over it . 
  usa has done more for europe than any other country in the entire history . 
  of course usa looks for it 's own interets first as does europe but there is not a shadow of a doubt that usa is and will be the best partner for europe . 
  and europe does n't act in its interests ???? 
  kinda funny how everyone in europe has portrayed usa as the one who wants to drop sanctions immediately ( and usa has gotten lots of hate for it ) but in reality it would be the eu that would drop these first because of money . 
  shows why eastern european countries trust usa instead of germany and western europe . 
  it 's not solely military innovation chart . 
  i do n't think that it would be good for romania either should v4 leave because it would cut romania , bulgaria and greece off the rest of the european union - there would be no land connection . 
  it would definitely have an effect on eu investments and trade as well . 
  i would be happy if european union countries ( without uk ) spent even 35 % of what usa does . 
  would be a good step forward . 
  europe does n't even spend half of what the us spends because european countries do n't spend 300 billion dollars on defense . 
  without uk europe spends like 150 billion dollars max i guess . 
  i think that europe collectively ( without uk ) should at least spend half of what the usa does so at least 300 billion - time to increase military spending . 
  i guess that they think that alternatives without them are worse . 
  if you are going to support moderates in iran then you are going to ruin the relationships completely because i do n't think that iran wants europe to meddle in its internal affairs . 
  also historically better is not an argument because it does n't matter - we live in present world . 
  that 's a media narrative that was created to support deals with iran . 
  there is no statistics or anything to prove that . 
  i 'd add that the argument `` get things done '' is usually used to support ideas of one party state and authoritarian rule .
