  estonia has a voluntary defense league ( tens of thousands of people ) and conscription . 
  why should anybody throw people against enemy lines ? 
  defending sides do n't do that . 
  and estonia and latvia would fight even without help . 
  eastern european countries are using biomass as well but countries like uk , denmark and belgium are opening new powerplants that run on burning wood . 
  i really do n't like expanding the current use of wood for energy . 
  i hardly do any exercise besides cycling and the only thing on this list that would require serious effort for me is the 3km run ( cycling and running are not necessarily the same thing ) . 
  i ca n't belive that these are special forces requirements . 
  so if this law passes it is possible that no more reddit in the eu ? 
  because we are importing trees from rest of the world . 
  if europe would only rely on woods from europe we would probably have different discussion . 
  also if forests are storing co2 why would you want to cut them down and release it ? 
  are n't we trying to battle climate change ? 
  if you do n't cut a tree down then it keeps removing co2 . 
  you can use it faster than forests are growing . 
  the reason why this is even viable option right now is that only europe is burning trees for energy on such scale but imagine what would happen if the entire world started doing so . 
  we would run out of forests really fast because it takes only seconds to burn one but decades and decades to grow one . 
  and it gives you spike because all the co2 that tree has collected over the decades will be released in just seconds . 
  burning trees is green as long as tree grows in 1s and removes the co2 that has been released as fast as it was burnt - impossible . 
  this is the thinking that absolutely drives me mental . 
  do you realize that if you burn a tree right now it may take half a century for a new tree to grow as big as the burnt one . 
  we are trying to turn around climate change and we do n't have this much time . 
  by burning trees we are creating a co2 bomb which will spike the co2 emissions because for a same amount of energy trees emit more co2 than coal . 
  also one of the huge problems is deforestation so using them for electricity is as bad as it can get . 
  i know what european union would n't rise tariffs on . 
  timber that we import from north america to be made into pellets that are burnt in powerplants . 
  over 60 % european renewable energy comes from biomass and most of it from burning trees - go green ( just in case i add / s ) . 
  i ca n't take european fight for environment seriously as long as burning trees is seen as a renewable energy source with no emissions . 
  this is not a democratic practice and european countries doing this wo n't make it any more democratic . 
  i do n't think that national goverments want to fix it . 
  the way i see european institutions is that they are kind of retirement homes . 
  countries send their formerly important politicians to europe to get them out of the way in the national politics when they are no longer necessary . 
  they are willing to go as long as there is good money . 
  so in a sense european institutions are designed to be a soft landing spot . 
  if it only benefits france and germany then why should other countries follow ? 
  it should be worth it when eastern european and some southern european countries have catched up with western europe . 
  lower taxes is the only way because we ca n't build up industry without it ( state support is not allowed in the european union ) because we ca n't compete against western european companies that have money and backing of biggest eu countries . 
  even supermarkets from germany are expanding to eastern europe with the help of development funds ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jul/02/lidl-1bn-public-development-funding-supermarket-world-bank-eastern-europe ) . 
  we simply ca n't compete . 
  does multi-speed europe mean that only france and germany are going to dictate what is going to happen ? 
  let 's call it then union of france and germany + bunch of satellites . 
  if it is only going to apply to france and germany there wo n't be a hell of a fight . 
  there is no way that the entire eu would accept to something like that and for this reason i think that they do n't even try . 
  it is a way out of it because gradually wages will increase and have increased so far . 
  poorer countries need to attract investments and it is one of the ways to do so . 
  it would 've been god job if they came up with it like 10 years ago . 
  telecom companies have to spend more money on infrastructure then and they are doing that ( competition ) . 
  also does n't wifi have the same problem when many people are using it ( especially when they do something more data consuming than reading e-mails , like watching hd videos , dowloanding stuff etc ) ? 
  i belive that by 2020 wifi will be already dead or dying . 
  most of the people will be using mobile data by then i think because it gets cheaper and cheaper by each year and it is more convenient and safe . 
  hopefully germany will build the firewall around itself not the entire eu . 
  actually current european laws prevent competition to google and facebook because these censoring tools , that can identify everything that must be deleted according to hate speech and fake news laws , cost lots of money to develop . 
  there is no way that smaller competitions can afford these measures straight away . 
  edit : small typo, 
  european union memberstates are accusing germany of the same thing that usa does and when you tell these states to produce better things , instead of accusing germany , you get downvoted in this sub . 
  more like macron alone . 
  i think that merkel would never say something like that . 
  what has weakened the west more than trump is the indecisiveness of the european union because we ca n't solve anything . 
  we are unable to even enforce our borders not to talk about solving global conflicts . 
  i think that the main problem european leaders now have is that usa does n't do as they say anymore and some of the things that usa wants are necessarily not good for europe but this is to be expected . 
  i mean trump represents the usa and we must keep that in mind . 
  european countries care first about europe as well so why do we expect anything different from usa . 
  also couple of problems with the statements : europe sells weapons to middle east so ca n't blame us for that . 
  what has europe done to solve religious conflicts ? 
  nothing as far as i know . 
  we are dealing with consequences not what causes them . 
  i wish that europe acted like it talks but i do n't belive it is going to happen . 
  just talk and talk all the time but no actions - nothing . 
  hopefully macron can change something or make europe just a little bit more decisive . 
  so now that they wo n't buy anymore it is an issue ? 
  even if germany does n't export weapons there anymore , other european countries do . 
  if europe wants to be taken seriously on these matters then europe has to act like it advises others to do . 
  do as i say does n't work . 
  this speech was only one part of the entire trip not the trip itself and the entire speech is available in youtube ( only 9 minutes ) and you can clearly see that most of the time everyone had very streight and casual faces . 
  the only part of his speech that got reaction was when he talked about spending and this is nothing new - even obama talked years about it but trump just said it out directly when everyone was present . 
  this article does n't even explain why this trip was a catastrophe . 
  it talks about germany history , poll ratings and that trump did n't mention article 5 in his speech ( eventhough article 5 works even without politicians mentioning it ) . 
  to me it seems that media wants this trip to be a catastrophe and when there were nothing catastrophic to show then they focused heavily on bodylanguage and handshakes . 
  also it seems that american media is more critical of this trip than rest of the world . 
  i am not a huge aviation enthusiast but i do n't think that they are better than american counterparts . 
  one of the reasons , why i think so , is the fact that they are built using us parts ( not all of them of course ) and even the engine is actually american ( built under license in sweden ) . 
  but for the reason that they use us parts they ca n't be that much worse either - according to my logic . 
  but what we know is that they do n't have anything similar to f-35 because they have n't developed such plane so i assume that they have nothing against f-35 . 
  i have n't heard anything about korean cinema to be honest . 
  i mean i could go around my home village/town and ask people what do they know about korea and it 's cinema and the answer would be `` zero '' . 
  i know some things about korea but they are all e-sports ( lol ) related though . 
  is korea a soft power superpower though ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  try something else besides fast food . 
  usa has a rich cuisine and most of the people are n't even aware of it . 
  i think that the resolve is missing even on the country level . 
  europe is like an old man who does n't like changes and wants everything to be made very slowly and carefully . 
  maybe something or someone will wake europe up . 
  it seems to me that europe has lost it 's cultural soft power as well because eu is trying to protect us from american influence and americanization with quotas ( netflix quota for example ) . 
  we are trying to isolate ourselves to protect ourselves from other countries and that is not a sign of a great soft power . 
  to me it seems that the entire european soft power relies on what europe used to be not what it is today . 
  european countries can buy weapons from european industries as well but the problem with f-35 is that there is no european equivalent . 
  europe has n't started developing new generation fighter jet . 
  one could say that if europe spent more money on defense then maybe european industries would be capable of keeping up . 
  but if russia captures baltics then what should we do with that public opinion ?
