  i think that the main problem is that eu does n't even do things that it 's supposed to do that good . 
  for example i have lost all my confidence in eu that it can secure it 's outer borders and control who are coming to eu . 
  without secured outer borders we ca n't have schengen area either and some countries that are in schengen have been restoring their borders . 
  but schengen is also very important when it comes to free market and movement of goods and people which is the main thing why eu exists . 
  so i think that unless eu starts controlling it 's borders ( including mediterranean sea ) then it just keeps getting worse and soon we wo n't have eu anymore . 
  i have always been strongly pro-eu but i have to admit that if my country would have referendum today about should we stay in eu or leave i would be tempted to vote leave . 
  indeed but this is not going to help them now . 
  now they have nothing else to do than order new parts even if it is little bit more expensive but at least they should order enough parts so that they do n't run out of them again . 
  then they have to start production lines again because the spare part problem is only going to get worse as the time goes on if new ones are not made . 
  if they do n't start making these parts now then i ca n't even imagine how bad is it going to be in 10 years . 
  second option ( but i do n't think that this is something that germany would want ) is for german army to not buy german made equipment anymore and start buying from countries like usa who produce military equipment in great quantities so spare parts are never an issue and you can order them at all times . 
  german companies do , i imagine , considering that other countries are buying military equipment from germany and it 's companies all the time . 
  are you sure about mg3 because many many countries around the world are using this weapon ( including my country ) and it 's not that complicated weapon anyways . 
  how is better management and oversight going to fill warehouses with spare parts ? 
  you need to order them . 
  yes you can because that 's how you buy things . 
  but without additional money you ca n't start solving this problem because one could just wait but the equipment is not going to repair itself . 
  especially the helicopters . 
  same . 
  seems like a sensible man , 
  is decriminalization going to make them quit ? 
  as soon as the parliament has done voting the addiction will be instantly cured ? 
  self created problem . 
  ca n't become addicted to drugs if you never use them . 
  i 've never heard that someone has become addicted to drugs when he has never used them in the first place . 
  decriminalizing drug use would still mean that more people would try it and there will be more addicts and people trying to quit . 
  drug addicts do n't get much help in my country anyways so no need to take risks and considering that there are money problems in health care they wo n't get more help any time soon either . 
  also if cities want to build places to help drug addicts then it usually gets huge public backlash as well . 
  i know the dangers of drinking and that is the reason why i do n't drink alcohol and i 've been saying to my relatives and friends that they should drink less as well . 
  in my country people tend to drink a lot so you see drunk people basically every day in bus stations and near the shops . 
  i am against drugs so not so good news in my opinion and if something similar were proposed in my country i would be definitely 100 % against it . 
  to me it seems that imf wants european countries to delete greece debt because then they can be sure that they get their own money 100 percent back . 
  but i am not an expert . 
  yes and i came to conclusion that european soft power is soft ( i mean weak ) . 
  foreign students studying in europe and people watching european clubs play football are not enough in my opinion for soft power . 
  where are european blockbuster movies that compete with hollywood , why almost every successful musician is from usa or goes to usa when he/she becomes successful , where is european equivalent to mcdonalds , google and microsoft or apple . 
  everywhere you look you can see the american influence promoting american way of life which we in europe have adopted ( proves us soft power ) . 
  absolutely , europe could do what us did if we would spend more on military and fully develop these capabilities . 
  as european role in international politics continues to decline we will see lots denials like this article that wants us to belive otherwise . 
  i 'm not sure that even federalization is the answer because europe is set in the old ways and reminds me of old person that just wants to sit comfortably in a retirement home . 
  european diplomacy does n't work either . 
  all that talk about diplomatic solutions in syria and ukraine has n't gotten us anywhere and part of this comes down to european lack of military power because countries do n't have to take eu seriously . 
  it was a relatively small conflict where europe had only couple of thousand troops to lift but it required us assistance . 
  it is obvious right now that europe does n't have the capability to move tens or hundreds of thousands of troops fast . 
  something that superpower should be able to do . 
  not to mention that european countries run out of missiles almost immediately . 
  if europe is superpower as it is now then it might be the softest and cushiest superpower of all time . 
  one important factor was that eastern europe countries wanted to reform themselves because sticking with soviet system was n't going to work anyways . 
  i made a good argument why having aircraft carriers is necessary . 
  if having the ability to conduct ground operations in the other parts of the world is something that you do n't consider part of power projection then you can say that having an aircraft carrier is not important . 
  apaches are not very useful for airstrikes deep into enemy territory . 
  they would be only useful if there would be amphibious landings . 
  i admit you make some good points when it comes to radars and small recon submarines but i doubt that us radars ca n't handle north korean missiles which are n't that sophisticated . 
  us are also introducing very new radars on their zumwalt class ships and gerald r. ford class carriers that are definitely equal if not better but i 'm not a radar expert so i trust what you say . 
  let 's be honest the main reason why naval planners do n't plan building aircraft carriers is the cost . 
  having and operating aircraft carrier was more affordable in the past . 
  new technologies and rising costs have made it very expensive . 
  there are few countries that can afford modern aircraft carriers these days . 
  for example us newest aircraft carrier gerald r. ford costs over 10 billion dollars each which is too expensive for european countries ( more than dutch annual defense budget ) . 
  taking into consideration that netherlands is historically a naval country i do n't think that dutch people would mind having one aircraft carrier if they could afford it . 
  maybe they will have one in the future . 
  in my opinion aicraft carrier is essential to power projection . 
  it 's just that aircraft carrier gives power projection a whole new dimension compared to just sending ships around the world . 
  aircraft carriers gives you not just ability to conduct air strikes on enemy targets but it provides essential air cover for ground troops . 
  i do n't think that ground operations in hostile territory are possible without having an aircraft carrier which sets serious limits to power projection capabilities . 
  i 'm not talking about fighting with enemies like taliban and isis here but countries that have some kind of an air force . 
  the main question is can european countries hit targets inside north korea or not ? 
  i do n't think that netherlands can do it because their ships do n't have cruise missiles and they definitely ca n't do air campaign there either because they do n't have an aircraft carrier . 
  netherland vessels would only be force multipliers if they were technologicaly superior to us navy vessels which they are not or bring capabilites that the us navy does n't have which they do n't . 
  the only way to contribute would be to help usa strike targets on land because there wo n't be anything going on in the seas because north korean navy does n't even have a chance . 
  there is no point of sending ships there if they ca n't do anything . 
  the only country that could make a meaningful but still a minor contribution right now is france and that 's it . 
  somewhere in the future uk as well because their aircraft carrier will be ready eventually . 
  actually aircraft carrier is a huge part of power projection and when talking about military power projection it is absolutely necessary . 
  the problem is that we ca n't water down meaning of power projection too much because you ca n't simply put every country that has a destroyers and couple of smaller vessels in this category . 
  at the moment united kingdom does n't have a single operational aircraft carrier so should something happen now they ca n't do much if anything at all . 
  so at the moment they are not a blue water navy . 
  france has some capabilites ( best in europe atm ) but it would be only a minor support . 
  the reality is still that europe together can offer only minor support that has only symbolic value . 
  maybe you can tell me what can netherlands do should something happen in korea ? 
  they ca n't contribute because they do n't have an aircraft carrier . 
  can they hit targets inside north korea ? 
  i do n't know why suddenly people are starting to mention russia so much . 
  til that north korea and russia are same . 
  i was just making a point that there is n't much that north korea can do should usa decide to attack them . 
  i am more than sure that russia wo n't be rushing to help north korea . 
  extremely unlikely but were usa to fight with china it would obviously be a step by step progress which would start with defeating chinese navy and coastal defences . 
  but usa has capabilities ( i 'm talking about situation right now not somewhere in 2040 ) to beat and destroy chinese coastal defenses so it would n't really be a problem to move aircraft carriers closer ( after destroying coastal defence ) should it be necessary . 
  also we should n't forget very important thing that us has missiles too so they do n't have to strike everything with a plane . 
  usa has the most powerful navy in the world and for enemies to get to these tankers ( in asia they would probably be flying and circling somewhere over the ocean ) they 'd have to defeat us navy which is n't that easy to start with . 
  tankers have never been intended to fly near the enemies and on the frontlines - they must stay behind . 
  it 's not easy for enemies to use their planes to shoot tankers down either because it is obvious that there will be us aircraft carriers and other ships with aa capabilities that can defend tankers . 
  us will always have aerial superiority over the sea . 
  also this problem ( if there is a problem at all ) will become even smaller when f-35s start to take over because f-35 has very good combat range compared to older jets . 
  i do n't think that europe has much soft power either compared to usa . 
  this article talked about educating foreign students and football clubs - i mean that 's it ? . 
  this ca n't be even compared to reach that us movies , music , international companies ( mcdonalds , coca-cola , apple , microsoft , google etc ) have . 
  us cultural influence is everywhere and it is very strong in europe as well . 
  when talking about security and defense policies you ca n't be shortsighted . 
  in the long term north korea nuclear programs puts billions of lives in the risk if they develop their nuclear weapons and get more capable missiles .
