  the number of people in estonia believing in alternate medicines and witchcraft is just mindboggling to me . 
  i do n't belive in any fiscal harmonizations and stuff because countries wo n't do what they have to do . 
  many countries are running high budget deficits and have debt over 60 % of gdp - why are these countries still in the eurozone . 
  why france gets only little warnings for running deficits over 3 % gdp . 
  let 's be honest rules apply for smaller memberstates only . 
  can anyone say who is going to write a new constitution that will be voted over in the referendum ? 
  are they going to create some kind of an independent comission that will write a new constitution or will it be written and proposed by pis ? 
  at the moment i do n't know what stance to take because we know nothing about the new proposed constitution . 
  good point . 
  also i would add that the problem with current immigration policy is that it overlooks the problem that the new immigrants will also get old one day and somebody has to take care of them as well . 
  it is possible that they will start inviting more immigrants from 3rd world countries to take care of them as well . 
  so immigration only offers short term solutions and postpones problems but makes the problems even worse in the long term . 
  i had no idea that we have place like this in estonia . 
  besides trees it looks all so different.i wonder if it during flood or something . 
  i think it seems a non-issue as well especially when thinking about future . 
  some people always talk about how we need basic income because robots are going to take most of our jobs and then some people say that we need more immigrants to do the jobs . 
  little contradicition there . 
  it 's going to be the best prank ever when we tell them they were part of it the whole time . 
  my parents are moving to a new place while i will stay in the old place for near future . 
  i wonder how that counts . 
  sounds decent . 
  estonian unemployment benefit is 4,8 euros a day . 
  i agree that it was unnecessary but we have to take into account that everyone was talking about possible closure while nothing had been decided yet . 
  i do n't think that this university will be closed . 
  of course it is a troubling thing but they ca n't change the constitution either so at least that is good . 
  i think that after the next elections thing will get better because i do n't think that they will get majority in the parliament 2 times in a row . 
  pis has ruled poland before so i think that poland will continue to be a democratic country . 
  pis is right now the most popular party in poland so people clearly support what they are doing . 
  also there next parliamentary elections in poland are only about 2 years away so we 'll have to wait and see what happens but as long as elections are free and transparent there should n't be any problems . 
  i doubt they get majority next time again though . 
  countries in eastern europe count more on usa than western europe for a reason and even trump has not changed anything in this regard . 
  before annexation of crimea western europe did n't even belive eastern europe that russia can pose a danger and called us paranoid . 
  even now some people in europe say that nato is pointless because nothing threatens europe . 
  i think that most eastern european countries would choose security over economy without any doubt and that 's the reason why relations with us are very important . 
  if i had to choose between usa and western europe then i would count on usa . 
  i have thought the same thing because things in poland and hungary are nowhere near as bad as some people try to show . 
  it is impossible to compare these countries to russia and turkey and say things are as bad unless you really really want to belive that . 
  of course it is not unique to europe but the chance that european government blocks arms deal is much higher . 
  also some military equipment that america produces has no equal alternatives so countries have no choice when they want to buy something but europeans do n't have that luxury . 
  it feels more like a pr campaign than a news article . 
  no wonder that people do n't trust media when you clearly can see thedifference between reality and what is shown in the media . 
  or maybe the target audience for this article are n't europeans ? 
  indeed and i am sure that one of the reason why european arms industry might lose out to american , chinese and russian counterparts is that when it comes to europe you can never be sure that once you 've bought weapon systems from european companies that they are going to keep selling parts to you because european goverments may block sales . 
  i wonder if it would be possible to just stop ngo ships entering waters of european countries ? 
  european navies should be able to block these ships if they want to . 
  then they wo n't be able to bring them to europe . 
  i have the same question . 
  goverment just says what it thinks and asks for peoples opinion . 
  if they would just sell my data to 3rd parties then yes but it 's not the case . 
  i think that it is possible to tax google for selling ads though . 
  for example when some austrian company pays google 60 000 euros for advertising in april then google should pay some kind of a percentage off that money to austria . 
  i do n't know if they are doing that already but if they do n't then it would seem logical approach to me . 
  they make money of advertisers advertising using their services not off data . 
  data just makes it easier for them to make money but i am sure that even without data collection they would still sell ads . 
  so tax companies using google to advertise themselves ? 
  i could understand taxing company for something when i give them my money and get something in return . 
  but this is not the case with data because data has no value itself . 
  yes but not all advertising is in the same place . 
  when you want to tax them by number of searches made you can logically tax them only for ads that are shown on google search not in youtube for example . 
  internet companies are different in a sense that they do n't use natural resources of a country , they are not bad for environment so no lasting damage , most of the time they are not even phyiscally present there and they do n't use country 's infastructure . 
  so for what should they even pay and why would they need to make any investments ? 
  but google does a lot more than just google search so can you tax the entire profit ? 
  but why should they pay for using my data ? 
  most people i know only have 800 $ in their bank account before rent and other expenses . 
  would n't buy without that free bucket . 
  true , as long as most estonians travel to nordic countries ( including finland ) it should n't be that big of a problem for us . 
  the problem is that this limit is way too high right now . 
  i think that even normal traveling and vacations are going to increase prices ( my company has already increased prices for new plans ) . 
  also let 's look at finland where average person ( including kids and very old people ) uses over 10gb mobile data per month so we can assume that they are going to cost some money to mobile operators when they are abroad . 
  also mobile data usages are rising very fast in scandinavian countries and baltics . 
  we should do something like this in estonia . 
  would be awesome to see how people are going to take this with them to finland :d, 
  data in these countries is cheap compared to other european countries and now if these companies must start paying ridiculous roaming prices then customers have to pay for it ( even those who do n't travel to compensate ) so plans get more expensive because you can now use your local plan outside of home country . 
  mobile internet gets more expensive . 
  at some point merkel will start campaigning as well . 
  not so good for people living in scandinavian countries and baltics . 
  to be honest the amount of people wanting europe to become like china in terms of cencorship is frightening . 
  lately i have noticed very strong isolationist and authoritarian tendencies in this sub eventhough people supporting these things think of themselves as democratic and freedom supporting people . 
  almost nobody in europe is going to use media platforms only because they are european if they are inferior to those that are madr by us companies . 
  if we force europeans to use european media platforms then we are going to isolate ourselves from rest of the world which i clearly do n't want . 
  i 'd say buy the best equipment that is available and if it means american then american it is . 
  there is no point of shielding european industry from competiton because in the long term it would hurt industry . 
  well the wikipedia site that you linked says that soon it can . 
  i am not sure that this can continue to go on much longer if they do n't come up with 5th generation fighter at some point . 
  every country that can afford f-35 is going to buy one as we can see from current orders . 
  it 's just that in general usa produces better military equipment for better prices . 
  i do n't think that we are ready for basic income right now or even in the next few decades . 
  current unemployment has n't been caused by robots but more by bad economic policies . 
  for example germany 's unemployment is below 4 % and they have the most advanced industry in the europe that uses lots of robots . 
  did not see this one coming but i do n't think it will have huge impact though . 
  it 's the best . 
  i do n't get the outrage here . 
  it would be interesting to read this ama . 
  it seems that some people here want to make / r/europe their safe space with no opposing views allowed like many subs that have turned into echo chambers . 
  i agree . 
  they talk about education but they fall for left wing utopias all the time because they want to belive it so much . 
  eu does n't control the outer borders but it can help and make member states enforce border controls better than they do now and also deals like we have with turkey are negotiated by eu . 
  also what is frustrating to me is that ngos are bringing people to europe from libya ( migrants boats only make few kilometers from libyan coast before they usually sink ) and nobody stops them . 
  this ngo behaviour only encourages more people to try coming to europe with boats because they know that they will be picked up . 
  then you 'll lose the entire northern europe ( if we divide europe north and south ),
