  if you look at their military exercises and thinking then they have different idea of how nuclear weapons should be used . 
  one of the scenarios that has been talked about is that should russia attack baltic states for example then they can stop european countries and usa giving help to us by doing a limited nuclear strike to deescalate conflict because they think that eu and usa wo n't respond do that . 
  would you be willing to use nuclear weapons in such case ? 
  russia does n't belive in mad . 
  you do n't take into consideration that european armies have the highest personnel costs in the world . 
  i would not be surprised if russia spends more money on new military equipment purchases than european union countries ( minus uk ) . 
  if the end goal is creating an european army would france be willing to give up it 's control of the nuclear weapons to the entire european union ? 
  windows has better support for its systems as well . 
  can anyone say how microsoft blocks technical progress ? 
  to me it seems that lately there is increasingly more anti-american hysteria in europe . 
  how about competing with american companies instead of forcing linux on everything ??? 
  seems like a better idea long term . 
  if linux really were better or equal os then more people and goverment agencies would be using it - it 's that simple . 
  there is just shortage of money that european countries are trying to overcome with bureaucratic measures but at the end of the day it does n't solve the problem of lack of funding . 
  i though that there was more pollution in estonia because we use shale oil in power plants and most of the cars are not very co2 friendly but it seems that everything is okay . 
  i agree with the justice and governance part because businesses like to work in a stable socities but i do n't think that they are putting huge strain on infrastructure ( they do n't produce anything in ireland or do they ? 
  ) , basic services , education and health care because i am sure that they pay social tax on employees hired in ireland . 
  just one question . 
  how does apple profit from the society of ireland ? 
  replacing microsoft just because it is microsoft is as stupid as it gets . 
  i do n't know how credible this source is but : http://www.defense-aerospace.com/articles-view/feature/5/177740/eurofighter-four-face-hard-decisions-on-production,-damages-as-orders-run-out.html it says that they will retire tranche i version . 
  they do n't produce these versions anymore . 
  eurofighters are going to be gradually retired starting 2019 . 
  the problem is that there is nowhere for germany to invest . 
  it 's not like germany can wait forever because countries that have eurofighters are going to retire them ( trance 1 eurofighters ) starting from 2019 . 
  so they have to replace both tornadoes and eurofighters in the near future and there is simply nothing available besides f-35 . 
  it 's already too late because they should have started developing 5th generation fighter years ago if they ever wanted to make one . 
  for example development of the f-35 started in the early 2000s and it is almost ready by now . 
  there is no alternative to f-35 and no european country is willing to spend bajillion dollars to develop 5th generation fighter so it makes lots of sense for germany to consider f-35 . 
  it is a complicated issue indeed but i am sure that when a person buys sausages then no one would like theirs with 10 % less meat in it and pay more money for it . 
  i did n't know that because i thought things like that were not allowed in the european union . 
  or use some other search engine i imagine ? 
  countries tried to spend more money to get the economy going but it just did n't happen so they dropped it . 
  it 's that when public spending reaches a certain point then for every euro you invest you get less than one euro back . 
  for example farmer would n't plant 1 seed when he would get on average less than 1 back . 
  also when keynes was alive public spending was much lower so it is easier to get a good effect for economy with spending . 
  70s were worse because countries had basically no economic growth with double digit inflation . 
  this hurt poor people more because they do n't have much money to begin with . 
  if germany increases wages even more does n't it make brain drain even worse ? 
  the main problem is that keynesian economics do n't work because economies have changed a lot since then . 
  there is a reason why keynesian economics was dropped in the 70s - it just could n't beat stagflation . 
  economic reforms got countries out of the problems . 
  it is n't not answering to the buy american act because buy american act has existed since 1933 and buy american act means that companies that are building infrastructure projects in usa have to use construction materials made in the usa but macron wants to ban non-eu companies from bidding inside the eu for public contracts . 
  there is a clear difference here and usa has n't even enforced it very harshly because they do n't even produce all the construction materials needed in the usa . 
  this means that we would have to become 1 economy with 1 finance minister not 27 different economies with 27 finance ministers . 
  i do n't think that sharing general debt before that is possible . 
  i just hope that when france and germany agree to something then other countries wo n't have to read it from the media . 
  everything mentioned in the article is somewhat expected but there is one thing that caught my eye in the article and that is the `` buy european act '' which means that non-eu companies ca n't bid for public contracts inside the eu . 
  this law feels like something from the 20th century and we are not trying to isolate europe from rest of the world , i hope . 
  i can understand why macron wants that and the reason are french companies who would secure more contracts inside the eu because there would be less competition . 
  i am not saying that french companies are bad i just think that there should should be choice . 
  i am sure that it will hurt eu companies that operate outside of the eu because you can be sure that other countries will respond to that . 
  europe is not as powerful as it was in the 19th century so we ca n't do anything without a response from the rest of the world . 
  it really is more complicated than i thought but kinda expected when you do n't need that much votes to get into parliament . 
  i 'd just ask which of these parties do you think is most likely to be involved in some kind of coalition not that they necessarily should be involved . 
  this probably means that it is highly possible that the average life of one coalition might be short and there will be lots of political uncertainty . 
  but were there less parties in the parliament or about same as today ? 
  or were right wing parties more similar than they are now ? 
  china only allows foreign companies to do business in china when they can no longer compete with chinese companies that have established strong monopolies and have large customer base . 
  even uber with massive spending and advertisement campaign could n't establish itself in china . 
  anyone knows how big part of these struggles is the fact that pvv has 20 seats in the parliament ? 
  i imagine that it makes it harder to form suitable coalitions because essentially 1/6 of the seats in parliament are `` out of game '' . 
  they should write it in the european union law to make sure that everyone is vaccinated . 
  it did n't . 
  there are no such troubles in baltic states and most of the new memberstates . 
  for examply my country is one of the most integrated european union and eurozone memberstates . 
  i think that the current rules are not insufficient it 's just that nobody really cared about them - i do n't mean only southern european countries by that . 
  i am certain that people who drafted maastricht treaty were smart and knew what they were doing because there is no way that these are just some random numbers that came out of nowhere . 
  apparently there was n't any real willingnes to stick to them ( i do n't only mean southern europe ) . 
  quality of life does n't equal to economic growth and when you pay for it with loan money then it is living off the future . 
  social spending is probably the least efficient way to create any economic growth - infrastucture , industry would be much better but subsidising industries is not allowed in the eu and i would n't like that either - let the private industry do their thing . 
  so infrastructure would be the only sensible thing . 
  france , italy and spain are going to have to make concessions as well - you can belive me on this one . 
  germany is not going to agree to anything that is bad for them . 
  do n't forget that countries like netherlands and germany pay most per capita and contribute more to the eu budget ( net contribution ) than all the countries you mentioned combined ( many of countries you mentioned are also net recievers ) . 
  germany and especially netherlands have similar views to estonia for example when it comes to fiscal policies . 
  spending on pensions and social security does n't create enough economic growth to even cover the loaning so debt will just go up . 
  european countries tried create growth by spending in the beginning of 1970s - did n't work , when economic crisis came in 2008 - did n't work . 
  france has 3.4 % deficit this year and only has 0.3 % growth - that 's not good enough . 
  many people talk about keynesian economics but they forget that when keynes lived then economies were quite different to those that we have now . 
  money was spent mostly on industry back then not on social benefits . 
  the architect and main designer of current rules was france not germany . 
  germany just made the best out of these rules . 
  quoting what you said earlier - tough luck . 
  we 'll see where these talks will go if they are held . 
  i think that germany is not going to give in to france and spain entirely and that they will help other countries to make their voice heard as well . 
  i 'm not talking about hyper inflation levels of devaluing here . 
  more like what usa is doing with couple of percentages here and there . 
  also germany is not the most import reliant country so they could take smaller hits . 
  but what would stop germany from devaluing dms ? 
  i 'd like to improve eurozone and i would not be against closer fiscal union but this would mean that we would have to implement very strict rules when it comes to budget deficits , public spending and everything fiscally related because countries would be a lot more dependent on others than they are now . 
  this would also mean there there have to be punishments so if a country breaks even one rule then they should be thrown out immediately . 
  also we can clearly see that european union is going to move into direction where bigger countries get more power and smaller countries get less say than they have now . 
  as you said `` tough luck because you are small '' indeed . 
  i can say tough luck as well - ca n't compete with germany ? 
  tough luck . 
  per capita estonia recieves more than spain but by total amount not . 
  also estonia is expected to become net contributor some time in 2020s so do n't worry . 
  we ca n't afford higher public spending without loaning money . 
  we are using all the money that we have but not more .
