  spending loan money on social benefits is a shortsighted policy that gets countries into debt problems in the first place because they ca n't sustain their social programs without loan money then , unless they want to cut them - and usually the answer is no . 
  i agree that we should be more like nordic and scandinavian countries . 
  let 's see , sweden is known for it social benefits and they have highest budget suprlus in the european union . 
  what an excellent example and their debt to gdp ratio is only 40 % as well . 
  more countries should be like that . 
  my media is not saying that and i talked about how situation was when we had to send aid to greece . 
  estonian pensions were then about 300 euros and now they are approaching 400 euros so you can see the difference . 
  also our unemployment benefits are around 120 euros a month which is clearly a lot less . 
  you can understand from these facts why people were angry . 
  germany has the biggest population and biggest economy in the european union but their economy is not big enough to carry everyone . 
  germany is already one of the biggest contributors to the european union when talking about money so they are doing their part . 
  we also have to take into consideration that united kingdom is leaving and that creates a hole that needs to be filled in the eu budget . 
  it is expected that germany pays the missing part . 
  there is only so much you can ask from germany before their population turns against european union because there is a breaking point somewhere . 
  spain has one of the biggest populations in europe and is one of the biggest economies in europe but we should n't forget that spain is a net reciever of funds in european union . 
  i do n't want to sound harsh or rude but in this sense spain is no more useful to european union than baltic countries , slovenia and slovakia that you mentioned because like these countries spain costs eu money . 
  we show solidarity to southern european countres like helping greece which estonian goverment did against the will of the people because even as of now pensions and social benefits in greece are much higher compared to estonia . 
  i am not against southern european countries but i am against proposals that are not good for estonia as southern european countries are against things that are bad for them . 
  germany 's trade surplus has been rising since the 1960s so this is nothing new nor is it the fault of the euro - that is being used as an scapegoat . 
  you can try to change the value of the euro but is not going to hurt their trade surplus in any meaningful way . 
  the problem that other countries are having is that germany imports less than other countries would like to . 
  germany exports more goods to countries outside of the eurozone than inside the eurozone . 
  for example biggest german export partner is not an eurozone country but united states . 
  the problem is that germany accounts to about 1/4 of the gdp of the eu . 
  it is impossible for them to pay for everything . 
  their economy is not that big . 
  all of the maastricht criterias are achievable to be honest otherwise countries would n't have accepted them when joining the euro . 
  the problem is that countries did n't care about these criterias and because of that it is very hard for some of them to fill them now . 
  many people have talked about the need of the two-speed europe , idea that i am against , but according to two-speed europe ideas you have to fill everything or be left behind . 
  this means that in two-speed europe countries that wo n't fill maastricht criterias should be blocked from joining closer fiscal union . 
  architect of the current european union and eurozone is france not germany . 
  since the end of the world war 2 france has wanted to have close ties with germany because it benefitted them and their industry most - only lately things have gone south for them . 
  also let 's not forget that germany did n't want to abond its marks but france said that if germany does n't accept to common currency then there would be no german reunification because they would be against it . 
  germany has just been able to make the best out of the current rules and you ca n't blame them for that because every country in the european union is trying to do the same . 
  there is n't deflation in germany anymore and in fact their inflation has even exceeded 2 % this year . 
  russia is not as strong as it was but the difference between russia and the eu is that russia is willing to act and the eu is not . 
  i am more than sure that eu would be talking about how the diplomatic solutions are the only way to go should russia do something . 
  also your level of ignorance is huge as well because russia is a so called bad guy . 
  you should follow more russian politics and see what their leaders are speaking in russia not in international forums and press meetings . 
  they are very hostile against baltic states . 
  why i have a feeling that germany is expected to pay for most of the euro-bonds , anti-crisis budgets and unemployment insurances . 
  also i have a feeling that when spain talks about rich northern europe and poor southern europe that they only talk about western european countries because it completely ignores what is going on in eastern europe . 
  also before moving on , all eurozone memberstates should fill maastricht criterias first , that they agreed to when joining euro . 
  what 's the point of making new rules when we do n't enforce existing ones ? 
  polish and ukraine people are culturally much more similar . 
  i mean if western european countries claim that middle east migrants are skilled and good for the economy why do they want to send them to poland ? 
  but honestly speaking countries in eastern and central european can see the social and integration problems that much wealthier western european countries have and we do n't want problems like this here . 
  i am not against more integration but what i am against is two-speed europe because it will make small countries voice unimportant because at least half of the european union members would be in the 2nd tier - many of them rather smaller eastern and central european countries . 
  we must n't forget that there are number of european union countries that joined in the 2000s and 2010s . 
  we must give them some time because if we move on with big changes right now then they will be left behind forever . 
  people in every european union country are exclusively worried about their own country first . 
  there is not a single exception when it comes to that . 
  look what this thread is all about - french are unhappy because polish policies are not good them . 
  this is not about the whole eu because poland is part of the eu as well just like france . 
  one ca n't think that what 's good for france = good for europe and what 's good for poland = bad for europe . 
  multi speed european union will be the end of the european union because the best way to boost euroscepticism is to relegate at least half of the european union countries to 2nd tier status . 
  my country estonia is definitely in the `` first speed '' when it comes to integration but due to our smallness we would have no say in multi-speed eu . 
  multi-speed eu means that big countries are going to decide everything . 
  i am open to cooperation but this does n't mean that we have to accept french position nor does this mean that french have to accept estonian position . 
  i am sure that eventually some kind of a compromise can be found which is what european union is all about - finding compromises . 
  but the fact is that if eastern and central european countries want to implement minimum wages that are similar to those of western europe then there will be huge unemployment . 
  the minimum wage of romania is far from that . 
  also you have to take into consideration that unemployment benefits in eastern and central european countries are not that high because our economy is not that big and therefore it is important for countries to keep employment as high as possible . 
  i do n't think that it is coincidence that czechia has only 3 % unemployment . 
  it 's only one factory but you have to look at the general picture . 
  countries in eastern and central europe do n't have as strong industry as western european countries do and that 's where the difference comes . 
  minimum wages and wages in general are rising in eastern and central europe each year so there is no reason to complain . 
  how is poland acting like a fifth column in the european union ? 
  they have n't done anything against the european union . 
  there was a little feud over election of tusk but anything else ? 
  what you are essentially saying is that unless eastern and central european countries do as france says then we have no right to be in the european union . 
  ca n't we have a say about the future of the european union ? 
  what about our ideas and why is our opinion not worth as much ? 
  you are talking about greater good of the eu but please keep in mind that eu consists of 27/28 countries not france only . 
  poland is an european union member state that has interests too . 
  what makes polish interests less important than france 's interests ? 
  it is obvious to all central and eastern european states that when it comes to security and defense there is not a better partner than united states . 
  let 's be honest even if european countries would be willing to help us during war then they would n't do it without usa anyways . 
  are n't there any minimum years that you have to work to be entitled for pensions for example ? 
  many countries do have it . 
  they will fight against it when it means unemployment because what 's the point of higher wages if you ca n't have a job . 
  it would be shortsighted and it would ruin relationships with poland . 
  i actually think that even germany would be against punishing poland should macron make such proposal . 
  it seems to me that macron wants eu to be run by france and germany only , with other countries and especially eastern european countries relegated to 2nd tier status . 
  does n't seem like saving the eu and eurozone to me . 
  i thought it was good that macron won but everything that he has lately said has changed my views somewhat . 
  i 'm more sceptical about him now . 
  i think that most of the central and eastern european countries would be against punishing poland because relationship with poland is very important to many of the countries here . 
  how are they going to fill their orders if they destroyed machinery ? 
  to be fair china is not interested in the european union as a trading partner . 
  they want better access to european union single market because they are the worlds leading exporter of things but what they do n't want is european union products competing with chinese companies for chinese consumers and right now one can see how hard it is for western companies to do business in china . 
  well his music is nothing special or any good when you look out of the eurovision context - just as bad as the others . 
  there have been plenty of artists who sing a meaningful song alone on the stage without effects and back singers . 
  his song is not that special either and there were clearly other songs that had meaning as well . 
  to be fair i did n't feel the sincerity when watching it on tv because he seemed as emotional as any other artist that sings songs like that in the eurovision . 
  this eurovision was really bad in my opinion because overally the songs were just so bad ( not fault of the ukraine because they ca n't choose artists that come there ) . 
  also i think that eurovision format needs upgrading and less songs should be in the final . 
  this was the first time over many years that i did n't bother to watch till the end . 
  we should n't overreact to everything . 
  as an aspiring superpower they want power and more assets they control in different parts of the world the more say they have there .
