  there is absolutely no fucking way i 'm going to sleep now . 
  this is just getting surreal . 
  i can barely believe it . 
  clinton badly need michigan and pennsylvania , or she 's over . 
  and she 's behind in michigan . 
  he is . 
  there it is . 
  he 's got florida . 
  show me ? 
  he just won ohio . 
  wow , good luck to you . 
  i used to work in a factory , we were off to work at 5 : /, 
  work ? 
  is portugal that far to the west ? 
  now nyt is saying 73 % . 
  looks like he is n't losing florida after all . 
  just kidding i ca n't sleep the rollercoaster : http://imgur.com/a/pmmme, 
  ok friends , that 's enough , i 'm going to bed now . 
  let 's hope we 'll pay as much attention fr the new european parliament election . 
  6 hours `` is new york burning ? '', 
  it 's still very early to say . 
  however if trump does n't win , at least he 'll lose honorably . 
  i know this feeling ... is it brexit all over again ? . . 
  it 's really beautiful . 
  i would n't mind switching the marseillaise for this one someday . 
  * [ charms in french ] *, 
  in the entire eu , actually !, 
  though france and italy , which are the most interested in protecting their foodstuff , have been the main proponents and defenders of these principles . 
  i ca n't agree with you there . 
  eu law is an effective protection against counterfeit goods . 
  it is vital for french farmers , for example , that protected wine & cheese keep being protected from cheap knock-offs made in the us or elsewhere and bearing the brand name . 
  people have been pushing for it , at least for politicians running for office . 
  i think all of our government 's members have to publish this kind of information now , same for members of parliament . 
  germany , good friends . 
  we look up to you . 
  uk , let 's keep the banter rolling , even though you 're not making it easy these days :'( ( or are you ? ... ), 
  spain , er ... you have nice beaches . 
  thank you for that . 
  italy ... you have nice pasta . 
  thank you for that as well . 
  belgium , same as uk , but you 're definitely making the banter easier  luxembourg , no compliment for you . 
  gib tax monies back . 
  pls . 
  i am neutral toward suisse . 
  and andorra , if i knew anything about you , i 'm sure it would be super positive . 
  yeah !, 
  well europe would be a better place without cheap alcohol sold without control on the streets ... not sure if that 's a big thing , but it would n't hurt if it was n't ... 
  good lord . 
  enough of this stupid story already . 
   serbia : /  germany ? 
  i am concerned by the role of my language in an international setting , not for personal reasons but rather because i 'm aware that this is n't a neutral thing . 
  language * does * play a role , and i do n't get why some are trying to dismiss it . 
  first it as an ideological component . 
  one thinks within a language , and concepts do n't necessarily translate into another ; by switching to your interlocutor 's mother tongue you are adopting the intellectual background of this tongue , while being limited in adopting yours . 
  then there is the fact that you are limited by the fact that you 're expressing yourself in a foreign language . 
  you lose efficiency , you 're limited in the set of words you get to use , you try to translate concepts in your mother tongue which do n't actually have an equivalent . 
  i do n't want to be limited in discussions/arguments/negociations , nor do i want our representatives to have the lower hand when they are defending our interests . 
  also you are a foreigner in a foreign tongue ; wherever they speak your language you 'll always be more likely to feel at home . 
  i would love the world to be as welcoming to me , on that perspective , and keeping in mind all the other cultural/etc disagreements , that it is to native english speakers sometimes . 
  finally i do n't want to * force * people to speak * my * language , which is actually * ours * . 
  i am convinced that making our language more attractive will make our culture easier to access , and making our culture easier to access make our language more attractive . 
  they go hand in hand there . 
  i do n't get why people take that for arrogance . 
  this is just basic cultural realpolitik . 
  i 'm not saying i want the whole world to speak french , but every initiative to promote its use in an official context is very welcome to me . 
  the fact that the brit media lost their shit over the simple idea that negociations could be lead in another tongue than theirs is very telling i think . 
   cheer magic :d though i would tend to agree to avoid using english * calques * when you have a perfectly fine french word that 's available to you . 
  scoop or brainstorming do n't really have an equivalent . 
  most people , french or not , do not care about politics . 
  this is the reason why they do n't care about the status of a language in international discussion . 
  the fact that common people do n't care does n't mean the issue is n't relevant . 
   this very post is an epitome of that : barnier did not even ask for french to be the language of negotiation , and see how the medias are portraying this non-event ? 
  an entirely fabricated thing , out of thin-air , perfect to portray him as an anti-british prick that will be dishonest in his dealings and his diplomacy ; this will have very real consequences as far a public opinion goes . 
  you can always debunk that kind of thing , as he tried to do , but no one is interested in the debunking , they all want to hear the juicy scandal about smelly frenchies getting their panties twisted and not being able to do anything about it because `` hey , it 's the xxist century , wake up , you 've lost your cultural supremacy and you should forget about it !! '' . 
  building the straw man , perfect incarnation of the already latent prejudice , answering the call for a revenge fantasy about those pompous pricks that think they are better than everyone 100 % agreed . 
  though i do n't share your opinion that it 's a lost cause , or that it does n't actually matters . 
  maybe you do n't care , but i certainly do , and i 'm far from being alone in that case . 
  why are you trying to glorify the fact that you do n't care about an issue anyway ? 
  interesting case . 
  i am far from being a specialist in eu law and case law , we 'll have to see if there 's an appeal and if the decision has any effect on the daily recruitment practices . 
  from what i see the core issue revolves around proving that knowing english , french or german is an essential asset , which seems definitely doable . 
  regarding the backlash ... yeah , absolutely . 
  this is the reason why i do n't think it would happen anytime soon , and the reason why i think we 'll have more strong-arming on language issues in the years to come rather than a legal solution . 
  too bad , but that 's one of the many issues the ( too ) quick expansion of the eu has brought to us . 
  as of 2006 72 % of the drafts from the eu texts were in english v. 14 % in french and 14 % others , so you may not be too far off , but 95 % seems a bit much . 
  ( you can go check here http://online.liverpooluniversitypress.co.uk/doi/abs/10.3828/ejlp.2010.2 ), 
  the opinion i have formed is that we should have a trio of official languages : english , french , german ( which are currently working languages ) . 
  it would be a good middle spot between the all-english communication we 're on our way to have , but that 's against the principles of multiculturalism of the eu , and the current situation of having 24 official languages , which is actually leading us * toward * more english . 
  well , i have yo say that 's an excellent short presentation of the french labour market . 
  i think that 's the first time i 've seen an anglophone paper be that accurate . 
  english language news sources in countries where english is n't commonly spoken ? 
  well , good luck with that . 
  sorry to break it to you , but if you wan na change your perspective on anything through foreign news you 'll have to learn another language , there really is n't any good way around it . 
  otherwise try reuters or agence france presse . 
  oh , come on . 
  he * is * a moderate . 
  the definition of pop 's center right . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  i am just explaining why this european sub is more like a uk sub , like they mentioned . 
  the silent majority does n't vote !,
