  having to post in english , or at least translate to it , seriously limits the continental information you can provide :(, 
  marianne is a very popular official symbol . 
  the delacroix version is best known abroad , but you have literally hundreds of others which do n't include being topless !, 
  my gut agrees with yours . 
  still , that is good news when our judicial decisions are made by our brains rather than our intestines . 
  well , that 's awful , and i feel sorry for them , but i do n't see the link . 
  a good article , and in english as well . 
  thank you . 
  i feel ashamed that only germany took the hurdle to open its doors to refugees when europe should have been so much more united on this issue . 
  with that said , the fact most refugees * wanted * to stay in germany rather than move to another eu country for better benefits definitely helped . 
   spanishges.ta.po, 
  sometimes yes you do ... 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  high quality sleeping bags , designed for low temperatures for example , can see their prices rise quite significantly . 
  though it might indeed be playful , i am stunned by the extent it can take at times . 
  people on tv , comedians , actors , comic books making `` light-hearted jokes '' about the french . 
  you would never see that in france about the u.s. 
  i feel sometimes like it 's just the go-to target for jokes at times because then you can stereotype without fearing to be alled a racist . 
  i may very well be wrong though . 
  this actually has more to do with * very * different policies and philosophies about integration , the visions of culture , what the role of the state should be , etc. 
  this is not * only * some kind of petty nationalism , we should all aknowledge that anglo-saxon culture is extremely powerful right now and pushing to impose its values everywhere , where sometimes they could be useful , and sometimes be toxic for our national communities . 
  different people , different cultures . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  i do n't believe it . 
  this is just so far from the experience of my country that there has to be some * couille dans le p\u00e2t\u00e9 * . 
  it 's not really imposing `` american censorship '' here . 
  it 's applying american cultural standards where they should n't apply . 
  censorship of what 's offensive by american standards . 
  the world is n't the u.s , and facebook operates worldwide . 
  was n't a state , but six or seven right-wing city councils . 
  whose decision to ban the burqini was destroyed by the council of state . 
  you might as well say that gay marriage is illegal in the u.s. because of this mayor in alabama who said he would n't do them in his city . 
   ufo hitting wind turbines is n't a good argument against renewable energy ? 
  hm , you may be right . 
  i think he gives this impression because he does n't have much of a political background otherwise . 
  https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/technocratie il a \u00e9t\u00e9 inspecteur des finances , sciences po , ena , banquier d'affaires , etc. . . 
  not really . 
  he really is a green horn in the field ( 38 years !, 
  he 's practically a newborn in politics ) , whereas hollande , chirac , etc. 
  were all * de vieux briscards * . 
  he 's a pure technocrat , but charismatic enough to break havoc , and did n't have these decades of public service you normally should have before targeting the higher ranks . 
  i 'm still wondering how hollande chose him . 
  so yeah , he has the same educational background , but to say we 've had tons of macrons ? 
  too soon , or too late . 
  he 's definitely gotten himself a fanbase righ now , but nothing close enough to be a real contender for the presidential election . 
  and with which party would he run ? 
  the socialists ? 
  he 's said just a few days ago that `` honesty prompted him to admit that he was n't a socialist '' . 
  and they hate him , anyway , because he 's just that : not a socialist . 
  a liberal ( economically speaking , but who is n't nowadays ? ... ) . 
  the republicans ? 
  he is a minister in a center-left government , the very one they 've been booing for years , for christ 's sake , and that 's without mentioning that the current favourite , alain jupp\u00e9 , is comfortably ahead of the other primaries ' challengers in the polls . 
  his own ` party ' , `` en marche '' ( something along `` let 's go ! '' ), 
  too small , too young , without a clear political platform ... yeah , i really do n't know how he could pull it off . 
  maybe he 's hoping hollande wo n't be a candidate and he 'll take the spot , but that 's darn unlikely . 
  hating france is somehow the national sport , but criticize it as a foreigner and you 'll see them defending it with passion ... 
  oh , ok , right . 
  but when they 're pronounced the same way , they * really * are the same though . 
  \u00e9 and \u00e8 are definitely different sounds . 
  \u00e8 and \u00ea are ... quite similar , the latter being maybe a bit deeper . 
  in the south \u00e9 and \u00e8 are indeed much more emphasized i think . 
  there is a difference between `` en '' and `` an '' ?? 
  this is a good sign . 
  i would be curious to see how we fare on food waste . 
   france is one of my favourites . 
  great cooperation regarding eu-affairs , and i love the change that our relationship has undergone within the last century . 
  am currently learning french , because my dumbass self picked latin in school . 
  actually that 's a good point . 
  i would n't be surprised if there were some kind of scale loss . 
  the very idea behind the notion of `` rate '' is that it is relative to the total population . 
  it 's as a french eu expert said the other day : thank you uk for your sacrifice . 
  the joke is , due to the massive devaluation of the pound the uk economy fell back to 3rd place behind france . 
  i see history unfolding ... good luck , everyone . 
  looks like we 'll all need it . 
  i think it 's perfectly valid to accept refugees from eritrea if the conditions are like the ones you describe here . 
  the issue is with others countries , where they do n't apply . 
  you lose quite a lot of the french accent when you 're actually speaking french though ... 
  hollande initially said he would n't run if he did n't succeed in `` reversing the unemployment 's curve '' , which he recently did . 
  unemployment fell for the first time in years , in january if i 'm not mistaken . 
  so yeah , he might be a contender . 
  one of the many issues with him is that politically speaking , he 's out of the game . 
  his approvals are disastrous . 
  his public image is ruined . 
  normally when you 're the president and are considering to be a candidate to your own succession the rest of the party quietly follows , but now the ps might be considering a primary , in which hollande would be a candidate among others . 
  and he 's not guaranteed to win . 
  kinda the same , he had a good image in the beginning but becoming prime minister really did n't help him , most people see him as a camouflaged right-winger rather than a socialist , and his polls are looking barely better than hollande 's . 
  people are saying that macron could be a candidate , i think it 's too early for him , but is he more `` presidentiable '' than the others on the left ? 
  yeah , definitely . 
  but at this point it does n't matter , the ps ' candidate will lose , marine le pen will get to 2nd turn , and she will lose 45 - 55 to the lr 's candidate . 
  there is n't really any suspense anymore . 
  if he gets the nomination from les r\u00e9publicains , he 'll likely win . 
  given the state of french politics right now , with the socialist party dead and the national front unable to form any alliance , the lr contender will most likely get the election . 
  problem : sarkozy is n't well placed in the primaries ' polls , and by the looks of it alain jupp\u00e9 might very well get the nomination , i.e become the next president . 
  just one week ago one of the top posts in r/europe was fran\u00e7ois hollande saying `` no to ttip in its current state '' . 
  french : cat : miaou ( mee aw oo ) dog : ouaf ( oo aff ) cow : meuh rooster : cocorico hen : cot cot cot duck : coin-coin ( not pronounced like the english coin , but rather coan coan ) birds in general : cui cui that was weirdly fun to write ... 
  you are absolutely right . 
  we have common interests and intermingled cultures ; but we do not form a people and wo n't for the foreseeable future . 
  what the eu has to be is an intergovermental organization , not a federal state . 
  `` narrative '' . 
  like , `` it does n't fit the narrative '' .
