yes , i am very proud of my country ( france ) . 
  we have one of the longest , richest continuous historical backgrounds in the world . 
  we have invented thousands of essential inventions still used nowadays . 
  the enlightenment movements basically comes from french thinkers . 
  our influence on the world stage has been huge for centuries , be it good or bad . 
  we 've had philosophers , scientists , artists , inventors , poets like very few countries have ever had . 
  on the other side , france currently has lots of problems . 
  our political class lacks vision , our economy is still in bad shape , we suffer from unemployment , we 're unable to efficiently deal with immigration and , worst of all , we lack confidence in ourselves . 
  but the young generation is politically aware and is learning really fast from the globalization . 
  these are tough times we 're living in , but if we manage to pass through it for a few more years , france will shine again . 
  tl ; dr : french and proud . 
  this is n't about whether these reports are read or not . 
  it 's a question of availability . 
  plus , if you want people to actually participate in the eu 's political life , they need to be able to understand these texts . 
  saying `` whatever , they wo n't read it anyway '' is just as good as accepting that the eu is nothing more than a technocracy led by politicians so disconnected from the people that they actually do n't speak the same language . 
  no , it 's even worse : it 's actively supporting promoting this kind of eu so many people are fighting against right now . 
  concerning the use of arabic , i see what you 're getting at . 
  i 'll have to think a bit about an answer to this objection . 
  if the parliament decides to use a language millions of eu citizens that it is supposed to represent ca n't speak , how the heck is it even possible to consider the eu being a representative democracy at all ?!, 
  it is every citizen 's right to be able to understand the laws and institutions that play such an important role in their daily lives . 
  totally agreed . 
  i 've personnally always considered that latin should be the eu 's lingua franca . 
  yeah me too , however i 'm not sure i could fully appreciate with only one bill . 
  two or three hundred of them should be enough i think . 
  it 's not a breach of privacy . 
  this is bullshit . 
  you can have access to paternity tests if you 're sued for alimony , for example . 
  however you can not suddenly decide to take a paternity test on the go as it requires the dna of the child , which would be a breach of privacy in french law . 
  and i do n't know where you 've found your info on the `` too much adultery '' stereotype , but it 's frankly ridiculous . 
  they 're not forbidden , however you can only use them in specific cases . 
  no they 're not . 
  wow . 
  and i guess the germans should bow their heads in shame because hitler played a significant role in the shaping of moder day germany too ? 
  ... hey , come to think of it , do you have a french flag on your balcony/roof ? 
  i 'm pretty sure france played a significant role in shaping the us . 
  you should be grateful . 
  and do n't forget the uk flag , too . 
  you are now banned from r/europe . 
  how ironic . 
  europeans once ruled the world , and now here they are , on their way to become puppet states for bigger and smarter than them . 
  history is a cruel mistress ... 
  i 've always found this story fascinating . 
  god knows what would have happened it our countries had been unified ... 
  triggered, 
  if they deem it necessary , it 's their right , and even sometimes their duty . 
  i like this question !, 
  michelangelo is according to some the best ever , hard to argue with them , hard to do better than [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/k8kogoq ) . 
  the polish painter zdzis\u0142aw beksi\u0144ski has left behind him some stunning surrealist , hellish works : [ this one ] ( http://imgur.com/44f1mlj ) or [ this one ] ( http://imgur.com/jkin9ne ) for example . 
  nikolai gay is a personal favourite for [ this one ] ( http://imgur.com/qiami7j ) , `` what is truth ? 
  '' , the famous quote from pontius pilate . 
  his religious works in general are amongst the best , and he is not to well-known , too !, 
  also , salvador dal\u00ed . 
  i wo n't use `` the persistence of memory '' , but rather [ this one ] ( http://imgur.com/nsvfmk3 ) . 
  the final look of a savior over the world . 
  frighteningly beautiful . 
  correct . 
  we have something similar somewhere ( i do n't remember the place ... ) with german cannons . 
  german friends , tell me you have a statue made of melted british cannons for the circle to be completed ... 
  it 's about preventing the epidemic of anorexia among models . 
  if there is no incentive to be morbidly thin the problem will be easier to tackle . 
  france 's poorest city : roubaix population : 61 937 people median income : 8532 $ per * year * unemployment : 19,54 % of the active population, 
   teachers do n't have time to learn you english maybe they did n't ` learn ' you enough english in 3rd year of lea !, 
  i guess saarland would have been french , and rheineland dutch ? ... 
  she could have a good 15 % in parliament though, 
   ok friends , that 's enough , i 'm going to bed now . 
  let 's hope we 'll pay as much attention fr the new european parliament election . 
  6 hours `` is new york burning ? '', 
  i knew it !, 
  new york burns after all !, 
  too much to do !, 
  i wo n't be the only one anyway . 
  during administrative law classes ? 
  nah , do n't think so ... 
  i do want to . 
  also i have eight hours of classes today . 
  should have been this way when i was studying abroad :'( :'( :'( glad i went back home before brexit though . 
  [ an interesting and relevant article ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/31/upshot/a-little-noticed-fact-about-trade-its-no-longer-rising.html ), 
  i am so sleepy , it 's as if i was hangover myself . 
  cheers from the other side of the channel !, 
  it 's definitely not a good habit to take . 
  but hey , if there 's one special day it 's thin one . 
  we need it , desperately . 
  le pen will not be elected . 
  that 's something i can say for sure , even with the huge surprises that brexit and trump have been . 
  so you 've definitely gotten the whiskeys ? 
  if this and brexit have demonstrated one thing , it 's that we need a stronger europe . 
  god , i did n't even think of that . 
  * laughs in russian *, 
  do a live or something, 
  he 'll have the congress and the senate . 
  let 's keep this in mind . 
  the timing is n't that good for that . 
  there are plans on the way for a european defense union now that the uk is n't there to block it anymore . 
  this might play, 
  i do n't think he 'll actually take the u.s. from nato though . 
  pay denbts feeling calmer now ? 
  also it feels ... weird ... but nice to share this moment with other europeans . 
  not something i would have expected to find on a u.s. site like reddit . 
  the first post on the frontpage is about marijuana being legalized ( +13000 ) . 
  nice to see that reddit has its priorities straight .
