  it 's a shame because the concept is extremely interesting . 
  i like to translate it by `` la petite histoire '' ( the little story ) or `` l'humeur du moment '' ( the moment 's mood ) but it does n't translate too well . 
  interesting that you say that . 
  the concept exists in french law under the term of cause , so i would have expected it to be present in german law as well . 
  maybe . 
  but in terms of public perception , has n't really changed . 
  mcdonald 's . 
  or anything that sickeningly sweet/fat , really . 
  in france , `` u.s food '' usually rhymes with `` industrial shit '' . 
  well , obviously the qu\u00e9becois have to be more aggressive about it . 
  otherwise they 'd literally be drown under english content . 
  ok for the acad\u00e9mie . 
  they 're far , far too much to the right . 
  the green probably . 
  i got a 98 % jill stein on the quiz . 
  why do you think so ? 
  i 'm always surprised how popular this clich\u00e9 is . 
  this is moronic . 
  most of these guys do n't speak a word of french . 
  / r/le _ pen is literally a circlejerk , with no influence whatsoever outside of it . 
  guys . 
  french used to be taught to high-born people , there were loan words , and other languages did n't stop being used . 
  english dominance is not some kind of endgame for languages . 
  when the u.s. start to lose relevance as a superpower or something akin to that , another lingua franca will appear , and it will all start again . 
  seriously , that question ... 
  real mozzarella is really good , but hard to find . 
  most of the stuff everywhere ( not only in the us tbh ) is just a cheap knock-off . 
  we have the best cheese . 
  it 's yuge here !!!, 
  seriously though , when i see a post on reddit about `` cheese '' , i always cringe a little bit . 
  that thing you put on pizza is not cheese , it 's salty industrial melt plastic . 
  she 's seriously not as bad . 
  still very bad , but definitely not as bad as trump . 
  well , you guys elected trump ... 
   or learn how to spell it correctly give this man some gold, 
  the caucasus mountains and the turkish straits . 
  there is no reason for russia to become a member of the eu , the same way there was nor reason imo to accept most of eastern europe at the time . 
  way too early . 
  now we are stuck with an eu that has different economic structures and yet somehow hopes to keep all of that under a single commercial policy and a single currency . 
  lol . 
  russia should be a close friend of the eu , as should all of our neighbors be . 
  however as of right now its expectations toward eastern ukraine , another independent country , are just too much to have normalized relationships . 
  take two coats and you have a goal . 
  take two guys and you have a team . 
  no need to learn shit , you just need to kick a ball , and no hands . 
  you can be the nerdy kid that ca n't lift his schoolbag , but still be good at goalkeeping . 
  now take rugby . 
  tens of complicated rules , need for space , and impossible to play in a urban environment like a parking lot - you 'd hurt your knees . 
  you need to be at least 6v6 for it to be fun , and without a referee things can get messy . 
  if you 're massive and muscular , you also have an advantage . 
  see now ? 
  i can play football everywhere with anyone . 
  i ca n't play rugby without tons of people , rules , and a good environment to play in . 
  this is why football is and always will be more popular than rugby . 
  we shall see . 
  foreign policy wo n't be a core subject of the campaign and primaries , so i do n't expect trump to have that big an impact . 
  media talk to old people . 
  youngsters create games . 
  indeed . 
  we also have good exchanges with the rest of francophone world , it helps . 
  no , it has nothing to do with your election . 
  i am something of a pragmatist when it comes to international relations . 
  what i know is that the us government has its own interests to defend , and that as of right now , several of those interests are shared by most european countries , which is why we enjoy overall a healthy relationship . 
  however states have no friends , only interests to defend . 
  when our objectives are distinct , it seems logical for our policies to diverge , and , sometimes , clash . 
  with that being said , i also think letting a superpower keep all of the cards in hand is unhealthy ; i have n't created the concept of [ balance of power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balance_of_power_ ( international_relations ) ) , but it 's an idea i can relate to . 
  note that this concept is mostly a military one ; to me a healthy balance of powers also takes in account cultural and economic power . 
  i fundamentally dislike the american hegemony not because i think america or its culture is toxic ( though i actually think it is on several core points , which is a totally different issue ) , but rather because i think hegemony is a toxic state of affairs . 
  mods !, 
  they would n't be eligible to asylum , which is actually a well-defined status , unless trump launched a full-steam black democide in the u.s. 
  which will not happen , especially given that 's it 's very unlikely he 'll be elected . 
  i like that he stands up to u.s. interests since they generally do n't align with the rest of the world 's , but i really dislike that by doing so he 's caused democracy to recede in russia , thousands of deaths in ukraine and the me , and god knows how many other things . 
  it was n't a observation , it was a call . 
  some just want to see playful ( ? ), 
  anger on the interwebz . 
  i think they 're expecting us to be salty ( or bitter , to be honest i do n't quite see the difference ) because this guy caused us to lose in the finals of the last euro cup . 
  i do n't know anyone with a credit card . 
  i learnt what it is and what a credit score is on reddit . 
  the very concept of a credit card/credit score seems stupid , almost predatory to me . 
  i am perfectly happy with my debit card and i do n't understand why people would do otherwise . 
  you probably meant imparfait and pass\u00e9 simple ( instead of imparfait and pass\u00e9 compos\u00e9 ) , since pass\u00e9 simple indeed has no equivalent at least in english , while pass\u00e9 compos\u00e9 has . 
  pass\u00e9 simple is a tense for narration , extremely useful for telling stories among other things . 
  no , impossible . 
  we have what 's called the r\u00e9serve h\u00e9r\u00e9ditaire ( in english [ forced heirship , apparently ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forced_heirship ) ) which is a protected amount you can not prevent a protected class of heirs ( normally only your progeny , but it can be your partner if there are none ) from obtaining . 
  these jokes are the only one to make me real mad , not that i am sensitive but because we were fucking right not to go to war . 
  oh , i thought about this one !, 
  france : victor hugo austria : stefan zweig luxembourg : robert schuman germany : konrad adenauer poland/france : marie curie spain : pablo picasso these are just a few , but i 'm sure others will have ideas . . 
  no , what i meant was : why would you assume that people from a non-english speaking country and living there should be able to speak english with tourists in the first place ? 
  if i was myself a tourist in a foreign country , surely it would be reasonable to expect from me to speak either english , the current lingua franca , or the local tongue . 
  however it would n't even cross my mind to expect the locals to do the same ( regarding english ) . 
  you seem to think most people live in an english-speaking world , but that is just not the case . 
  in the bigger countries/language communities , 75 % of the people very rarely have an occasion to practice language skills , be it in france , brazil or japan . 
  when i am visiting a country , these are the kind of people i will be interacting with , and thus it would be unreasonable to expect them to speak english over a few simple words . 
  i have no reason to doubt your experience in barcelona , but you literally went to a freaking * language school * . 
  of course people there will be able to speak english with you . 
  i would also suggest the fact that unless you speak spanish as well , you unconsciously avoided the non-english speakers near you , but that 's another issue . 
  most people outside scandinavia ( because the native population is quite small in comparison ) do not speak english that well . 
  which is why  two out of three europeans have a working knowledge of english !, 
  i highly doubt this info . 
  would you have some sources to share on this ?
