  off the top of my head , theres 5 , you twat . 
  `` gnomes '' , `` buttout '' , `` cartman sucks '' , `` margaritaville '' , `` medicinal fried chicken '' . 
  yeah . 
  they do, 
   in the u.s. the funniest t.v. 
  sitcom is ` blackish ' yeah , i 'm gon na go ahead and stop you right there ... . . 
  its supposed to be that but its not anymore . 
  uni is now a place parents send their old children when theyre tired of their non-sense after the age of 18 . 
  i think lots of shitty things about the boomers but if i were them , i wouldnt fund this shit . 
  all those black people living in the suburbs ... 
   south park and family guy exist that constantly make fun of black people right ? 
  trey and matt ( and seth to a greater extent ) dont pull any punches . 
  everyone gets a turn . 
  they have always mocked and criticized everyone without distinction because , according to them , when you only make fun of one side , youre missing half of all the comedic opportunities you could have . 
  what political correctness mean to you ? 
  the english department is his safe space . 
  free of all grammar/logic errors, 
   uncivilized savages while i certainly dont think of them as that , they were stuck in the stone age much longer the `` old world '' . 
  they certainly had a civilization but it was primitive comparatively ; apples to apples . 
  most impressive, 
  when in doubt , blame the us . 
  60 % of the time , it works every time . 
  you know this is something we talk about here . 
  i have n't met a single american that has issues with iranians and i 've yet to meet an iranian that has any issue with us . 
  iranian citizens ( surprisingly ? ), 
  love america and american things . 
  its the leaders that have this anti view . 
  i have tons of iranian co workers , mostly older , that love the us because it reminds them of the life they grew up with , before the 1980s , before it all went to hell . 
  they dont want to go back . 
  theyre bringing their families here . 
  maybe ... maybe in cartoon form ... 
  just remember the phrase that pays `` guns dont kill people '' and youll be all set !, 
  i do , in fact !, 
  except , we get around only 5 % ( latest number ) of our oil from the saudis . 
   sykes-picot agreement does not correspond at all to current borders 1 . 
  lol 2 . 
  it matters more where the borders arent than where they are . 
  many of those ethic groups in syria , jordan , iraq , had no business being corralled together . 
  the immediate violence post ww1 in these areas indicates this easily . 
  additionally : something about balfore . 
  i didnt want to assume, 
  i see nothing whiskey or guiness related, 
  i find your lack of eagle disturbing . 
  an seriously , not one gun ? 
  at least make it the computer mouse : http://www.slashgear.com/the-only-gun-okd-for-office-use-the-gun-shaped-computer-mouse-278697/, 
  would have liked to see a hurley in there somewhere . 
  maybe instead of a curtain rod ? 
  the irony is that `` rosie the riveter '' came to represent the millions of women who had joined the industrial labor force in the us during ww2 . 
  these are certainly not the jobs modern feminists are clamoring for in gender job equality and distribution . 
  edit : to hold up rosie as some kind of feminist key figure is odd considering she represented american women 's 1st foray in heavy industry . 
  today feminists are looking to get more women into only the good paying/safe stem jobs . 
  no welders , no electricians , and certainly no riveters . 
  its just there for scale, 
   well we had the largest terrorist attack in history uhhh ... . 
  its true . 
  there are fewer yellow and red cards called in the mls . 
  drawing penalties is not as widely done in the mls . 
  i love this, 
  i will say , while i easily concede that the best players are not playing in the mls , we do n't get as much non sense embellishment in the mls than other leagues . 
  it is a bit of a deterrent . 
  the sport is fine though, 
  there 's a reason baseball is called `` america 's passtime '' . 
  we literally pass the time watching it, 
  long kit, 
  chasing a wheel of cheese down a hill is a real sport though, 
  shallow and pedantic , i think , mmm-yes, 
  usa soccer : where the women play like men and the men play like women . 
   just so they can show commercials and sell stuff . 
  drink a bud drive a truck , motherfucker !!!, 
  yup . 
  11mins of play time for a 3 hour game . 
  i mean i get why it is the way it is . 
  its not a fluid game . 
  its generals with war tactics going head to head on plays to see whose strategy is best . 
  its like chess with stong men and a ball . 
  cant say im a huge fan . 
  the fuck happened here ? 
  nope . 
  she calls herself a feminist . 
  i was told by a feminist that `` egalitarianism '' is a word that misogynists use, 
  welcome to the hotel california, 
  i live in seattle where we are debating rent control . 
  an interesting article came out this summer titled `` a letter from stockholm on rent control '' . 
  real eyes realize real lies, 
  got ta be honest , i did nazi that coming ... 
  it 's not even springtime . 
  `` i ai n't mike jones , keep my name out ` cha mouth ... '', 
  oh , you mean aspercream ? 
  knowledge is power , france is bacon . 
  as is tradition, 
  exactly . 
  anything not explicitly stated in the koran is supposed to be gleaned from the hadith of mohammad . 
  his words and actions are to be a code of conduct to follow with later actions being `` most appropriate '' . 
  he didnt have support early in his `` career '', 
  `` i think that the problem * may * have been , that there was a stonehenge monument on the stage that was in danger of being crushed by a dwarf '', 
  horseshoe theory is a hellova drug, 
   people still kill in the name of jesus . 
  `` that 's weird . 
  i never said to do any of that . '', 
   there is no center figure in islam uhhhh ... he even has his own book filled with examples of how to be a good muslim,
