   this could 've happened to me . . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  no one goes to burger king, 
  but they stay in uganda ... 
  `` she got a big booty so i call her big booty '' - churchill, 
  jokes on you , i live off greasy pizza already, 
  no , but i also dont have a recording of you google-ing `` how to become a muslim '' either . 
  youre going to have to do better . 
  thats how you practice islam bud , not how you become one, 
  and the loonies of the kkk are welcome to exist so long s they dont infringe on the rights of others . 
  sunlight is the best disinfectant . 
   terror attacks does sway public opinion as it should . 
  not the guy you 're replying to or even a gun advocate but there are gun violence ` hot spots ' in certain specific areas of urban cores . 
  99 % of americans do n't worry about getting shot . 
  gang violence is responsible for up to 90 % of violent crimes , so it makes sense that a gang member is more likely to be shot than an average citizen . 
  not a gun owner , but there 's some bad info out there . 
  i do n't have an issue with the jokes . 
  those are fine . 
  i especially do n't mind trump jokes . 
  but this sub is either a ) a sub where people discuss european issues or b ) a sub where euro and non-europeans rip on the us as a self-soothing mechanism to avoid its own issues . 
  again , by all means , make jokes , there is good material as of late . 
  true , but i sub here out of interest in other issues . 
  we have a million subs for us based topics of discussion . 
  i at least make an attempt at not being so ameri-centric . 
  i do find this sub likes to bring up the us to avoid talking about europe 's issues and glaring deficiencies . 
  i think its a cop out judo move and is deflective in nature . 
  if there is a better sub for european topics , i 'm all ears . 
  why ca n't this sub go 5 mins without name dropping the us ? 
   14 % of women has been raped not even close . 
  its significantly less, 
   they were n't politically active when it really counted : during our elections from a few months ago . 
  sounds familiar ... 
  i do n't know how you figure that . 
  why does everyone get their jollies on punching up ? 
   the us , which is in my eyes a backwards , conservative third-world country what a hilariously absurd statement . 
  its not an / r/europe thread without the regular rag on the us . 
  i mentioned this earlier . 
  its as percentage of population . 
  they are the most currently enrolled as a demo, 
  canada is america jr. 
  as a preamble , i 'm not a trump supporter by any means . 
  he did not get my vote . 
   more people voted for the democrats than for the republicans in the senate . 
  clinton `` won '' the popular vote . 
  this is inconsequential . 
  more votes does not equal more representation , especially if it the votes come from a few select places . 
  please see this map and tell who you think might be more representative : https://www.inverse.com/article/25635-map-remakes-us-trumpland-clinton-archipelago . 
  you win chess by capturing the king ; not by having the most pieces left standing . 
   each state gets two representatives . 
  no , each state get 2 senators . 
  they also get representatives based on their population . 
  more people = more reps. as people migrate to and from different states or grow/shrink , they win or lose reps.  smaller states are often republican , and big states are often democratic . 
  this is certainly not the case . 
  not sure what you mean by `` smaller '' . 
  population ? 
  geography ? 
  there are large red states and small blue states and visa versa . 
   as for the house of representatives , ( most ) voting districts are gerrymandered by the republicans . 
  both parties are shit for this . 
  historically its been democrats but most recently its been republicans . 
  both are overall equally guilty of this . 
  neither has any ethical high ground in this . 
  democrats have certainly done this to artificially create minority majorities ( funny idea right ? ), 
  in certain districts . 
  they then pander to those districts . 
  basically , `` the only way i 'll win is to pander to minorities . 
  but i only have single digit minorities in my district . 
  so , i 'll create some odd shaped district so that they can gain majority share . 
  ive now carved out an area where i dont need to appeal to a broad group of voters . 
  i can now speak to one group . 
  fuck all the rest . '', 
  i 'm a staunch centrist , as the awful aroma of both group has pushed me pretty center . 
  this whole explanation is a mess . 
  while turkey is delicious ( i smoke mine ) i can not support this comparison . 
  turkey is synonymous with thanksgiving . 
  ham and/or roast are more christmas though its not unheard of to have turkey during christmas . 
  i was unsure if turkey was common across the pond because the bird is not indigenous outside the americas . 
  i did find this link though http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/629175/christmas-dinner-turkey-meal-lunch-festive-season-food, 
  are turkeys common during christmas ? 
  its called `` punching up '', 
  canadian projection engaged, 
  i have nipples , greg ... 
  this sounds like the gay marriage debate `` next they 'll want to marry their dogs and cats !!! '', 
  everyone is equal . 
  some are more equal than others, 
   `` do you think i came to bring peace on earth ? 
  no , i tell you , but division . '', 
  yes . 
  jesus said this . 
  context ? 
  well , he said he came to bring division because he knew his message was going to be divisive . 
  he made some big claims . 
  the status quo did not like these claims . 
  he didnt set out to play nice or get along . 
  revolutionaries dont tend to do that . 
  why else would he be killed in the place of a murderer ? 
  it 's accredited , but it 's a non-traditional school . 
  it has an admissions rate of about 98 % , so it 's not very selective . 
  it 's good for certain people i guess . 
  better than nothing ?
