  ive heard other wise . 
  the romance languages on the other hand ... 
  taking a page from the n korea play book, 
  damn those intrusive welsh, 
  i dont doubt your experience . 
  in fact i empathize . 
  i dont envy europe position 's . 
  people call us `` islamophobic '' or `` racist '' every time we arent blindly inclusive , wall up and fortify our borders , and want to re evaluate our values against another culture 's . 
  people are still suspicious and i think you/we 're seeing why . 
  i love europe . 
  many of our best american values are rooted in european ideals . 
  i dont want to see that lost or marginalized because some people a world away cant get their shit together . 
  i found this an insightful read related to this issue : http://www.amazon.com/while-europe-slept-radical-destroying/dp/0767920058, 
  `` there are four ways in which you can spend money . 
  you can spend your own money on yourself . 
  when you do that , why then you really watch out what you 're doing , and you try to get the most for your money . 
  then you can spend your own money on somebody else . 
  for example , i buy a birthday present for someone . 
  well , then i 'm not so careful about the content of the present , but i 'm very careful about the cost . 
  then , i can spend somebody else 's money on myself . 
  and if i spend somebody else 's money on myself , then i 'm sure going to have a good lunch !, 
  finally , i can spend somebody else 's money on somebody else . 
  and if i spend somebody else 's money on somebody else , i 'm not concerned about how much it is , and i 'm not concerned about what i get . 
  and that 's government . 
  and that 's close to 40 % of our national income . '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rdmdc5r5z8 milton friedman, 
  no way man . 
  i internet with the most cavalier of attitudes . 
  saudis sure are fine with taking hajj money from their `` brothers '', 
  some may be surprised to learn that almost 50 % of u.s. crude oil and petroleum products imports came from the western hemisphere ( north , south , and central america and the caribbean including u.s. territories ) we imported only 16 % of our crude oil and petroleum products from the persian gulf countries of bahrain , iraq , kuwait , qatar , saudi arabia ( 11 % ) , and united arab emirates . 
  the rest we produce domestically . 
  we havent even tapped alaska yet . 
  bacon is a gateway drug towards other smoked pork products, 
  starting ? 
  none for me thanks . 
  i 'll just have a smell of yours . 
  could be worse . 
  they could be exposing them to islam . 
  i just dont understand how they are allowed to pick and choose . 
  isnt turkey safe enough ? 
  georgia ? 
  the ability for immigrants to set up small businesses too , i think helps them put a horse in the race as far community goes . 
  where i live , many muslims come over educated and got here through standard immigration practices . 
  they get tech jobs and buy houses in the ` burbs . 
  not concerned at this time . 
  we 've kept extreme islam in check here . 
  i do n't live in a corn bread town either . 
  lot 's of muslims where i live . 
  theyve integrated really well when they figure out they can make money here . 
  because they cant walk here , many have been vetted before hand . 
  while i 'm happy to help those in need , as many americans are , i dont envy europe 's impending predicament about what to do with them when the conflict is over . 
  you ca n't just ` round them up and move them out . 
  if you try , they may resent it . 
  `` did i do that ? '', 
  - merkel, 
  `` location location location '', 
  theyre exporting that culture to you . 
  my condolences . 
  i specifically saw them goose-stepping, 
  `` tourist '' implies theyll go back home . 
  these are settlers . 
  i like the way you volunteer other people 's resources . 
  you do want to express yourself , dont you ???? 
  what i wouldnt give for a little italian flair ... 
  if i save some people lives and am getting an award , i 'm wearing a tutu and scuba flippers, 
  can you believe he went to chuck e cheese to accept his 1 million chucky bucks award out of uniform !?!?!? 
  the vast majority, 
  ive lived everywhere in the us . 
  no matter where ive been , ive felt perfectly safe . 
  there are some areas of some cities that can be dodgy late at night for outsiders but that 's about it . 
   why is usa not safe ? 
  million reasons really do n't be a media whore . 
  do n't eat the shit the news tries to feed you . 
  the us is plenty safe . 
  its just more fear mongering and rabble-rousing . 
  word, 
  quite, 
  very, 
  indeed brother , indeed . 
  praise be, 
  cat in the hat , it is then . 
  so you 're telling me that a book will open my eyes and change my life in immeasurable ways , beyond compare ? 
  say 3.14 `` hail dawkins '' and be absolved , brother, 
  the pc crowd would sooner admit its hummus, 
  your atheism does n't help your grammar . 
  must be from el diablo , in my opinion . 
  put him in time-out, 
  it was an incorrect flag, 
  mr dane himself, 
  `` whats the date ? '', 
  `` whatever ... ... '', 
  `` what year ? '', 
  no i work very corporate . 
  i just dont talk politics at work . 
  i dont shit where i eat . 
  i dont care about seeming racist anymore . 
  i 'm not racist but i dont care if people think it . 
  the word has been diluted by overuse . 
  it means nothing now . 
  demographics ? 
  you mean `` people that watch comedy central '' ?
