  a champion, 
  theyre not enlightened like us leftists, 
  the sheikh do n't like it , he thinks it 's not kosher !, 
  nix the niqab, 
  serious ? 
  the american poor have access to all kinds of grants and scholarships , its ridiculous . 
  the middle class get hosed . 
  too `` wealthy '' to qualify for fin aid . 
  too poor to be able to pay for it outright . 
  with the exception of ivys , being a poor minority here is the ticket to whatever school you want, 
  not really sure how i would know this but good to know, 
  i know this . 
  thats why i said it, 
  maybe you should stay in bumfuck nowhere ... 
  you mean entire sections of major cities ? 
  no , there 's plenty of places you should n't even drive through . 
  oh , go around oakland ? 
  yeah that 's easy ... 
  i used matriculating as that is a word we use for a cohort that moves together through a program in unison . 
  many of these people are all of the same age group or place in life regardless of age . 
  if we can eat tacos faster than they can make them , maybe theyll leave, 
  those banking people, 
  that was some strongly worded language you used there . 
  but . . but curry and kababs ... 
  soros is fucking pied piper, 
  i was hoping so but these people got to make up their own majors in college so . . 
  it would be much saltier ... ... 
  would love to see a blm protest in russia . . 
  east la , east st louis , etc. 
  you live here . 
  you know white people cant go some places, 
  even up until the 50s with white only water fountains, 
  there is so much educational funding for minorities ( except asians ) and the poor here its ridiculous . 
  admission departments in really good schools see a minority on the application and move it to the front to fill quotas . 
  there really is a way out of the ghetto and chance to be the 1st in your family to get up and out of the cycle of poverty . 
  the issue is educational funding for the middle class . 
  and `` asians '' ( to use a monolithic group label ) are doing the best here !, 
  and i 'm proud of that . 
  its a great thing . 
  its almost as if you apply yourself to something , you dont have time to get in trouble . 
  our legal system specifically says if someone is on the motorway , they dont have the right of way under any circumstance . 
  most people have been decent enough not to run these people over . 
  not everyone has been so `` decent '' and they dont have to be . 
  these people refuse to see how much our society has in fact bent over backwards for them . 
  this is just another matriculating class of reparation seekers . 
  thats what it boils down too . 
  theyre ether newly educated or not at all . 
  both feel entitled to something, 
  thats good . 
  but some blm have not allowed that . 
  this is the issue with non unification . 
  blm is a hashtag , not a bonafide movement . 
  it used to be that if you had a shit idea , you 'd live a life in isolation or abandon the belief . 
  instead everyone has an echo chamber to run to to affirm the communally shitty ideas . 
  all ideas have equal weight and merit . 
  also we dont call people out on their shit ideas because we might hurt their feelings and that wouldnt be good . 
  shit kids have found out that the fastest way to get attention is to be a victim somehow . 
  exacly . 
  i said this earlier . 
  people think the common denominator in all this is color . 
  its not . 
  its violent crime . 
  i understand this . 
  on the surface , it would look like there is a bias based on color . 
  there is not . 
  its based on who is committing crimes . 
  most of us hate blm but you cant say anything or else youre a racist . 
  yeah , you like my 2 all beef patties ?? 
  people need to keep in mind , its not the color of the skin , its the culture . 
  i came from a small `` cornbread '' college town . 
  in our school we had a few exchange students from the congo . 
  we were excited to have them . 
  everyone knew them and wanted to be friends with them . 
  they loved it . 
  they fit in easily . 
  i hope they stayed . 
  everyday it was `` this is my friend dikembe and he is the coolest cat ever ! '', 
  its not a racism issue here . 
  its a culture and if youre black and do n't subscribe to `` their culture '' you are an uncle tom by default . 
  this causes friction . 
  more likely to happen if youre white . 
  if we could hook a generator up to rosa parks spinning in her grave , we would be able to power our entire country, 
  they do love marxist ideology for sure . 
  he is held in high regard in the panther circle, 
  who commits more violent crime ? 
  they dont commit violent crimes at the same rates . 
  it stands to reason , that the more crimes i commit , i increase my chances of police altercation . 
  eat big , shit big ; as they say . 
  its been done . 
  it will continue to happen, 
  he wasnt a `` real muslim '' though . 
  see fort hood shooting for a real muslim . 
  yeah theyre all the same only , from spending good chuck of my life on both continents , when i want variety , i 'm never left wanting in the states . 
  burger king really needs to slash their prices if theyre going to compete, 
  i really dont know anyone that eat at mcds . 
  i think their breakfast is the only thing keeping them afloat . 
  people are spending a small extra at five guys , shake shack , smashburger , in n out , good times , etc. 
  americans are done with a few of the typical fast food chains with the exception of taco bell which has become the de facto drunk/high/poor go to, 
  thats sad . 
  no one likes burger king here .
