here , its after the 1st trimester but with current technology and recent new imaging of a 12 week old , i 'm wondering if it shouldnt be rolled back a bit . 
  but can they see why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch ? 
  i am certainly a believer if climate change but in the immortal words of george carlin , `` the world will be fine . 
  we 're the ones that are fucked . '', 
  you ca n't fool me . 
  the 1st one is just whiterun, 
  `` yes i did , / u/wadcann '' - benjamin franklin, 
  `` if this food were a bike , i 'd ride it . '', 
  foodies ca n't even distinguish `` artisan '' food from mcdonalds . 
  these werent even americans : https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=4&amp;v=4qa6qxbxxww, 
  from my experience , no one here drinks jack straight up . 
  its always mixed with something . 
  coke usually or orange soda ( called a `` lithium motherfucker '' ) whiskey , like wine , is completely subjective most of the time . 
  blind taste tests prove the vast majority of people cant tell what the `` good '' expensive , highly lauded whiskey/wine is and what it generic . 
  are you for real ? 
  one of the top rated whiskey 's in the world is `` jefferson 's 17 year old presidential select '' . 
  its a kentucky bourbon . 
  it won best overall at the world spirits competition in 2008 . 
  high west rendezvous rye out of utah also consistently ranks very high . 
  this rocky mountain whiskey has already won high praise and several prestigious awards , including double gold at the world spirits competition . 
  americans have a fine , albeit shorter , history of making whiskey . 
  i think this is just more `` hurr durr , dumb american '' clap trap . 
  if there is anyone who is kicking ass these days in the whiskey making world , its the asian countries , but they too are making it in the american bourbon style . 
  and they want to go to sweden . 
  enjoy the winter , ahmed . 
  neither do i =(, 
  we learned it from you , dad . 
  we learned it from you ... 
  to touch on another point you made , there is no good reason for a lot of americans to have a passport . 
  why ? 
  so they can spend a thousand dollars on air fare and a thousand more on accommodations and food in another country ? 
  many americans will get a passport if they can save up for the dream trip to paris or rome . 
  it may never happen for them though so why get a passport that may expire in a few years ? 
  just get it when you need it . 
  its not hard to get a passport . 
  ocean crossing is costly . 
  most americans would rather spend air fare money on hawaii . 
  no passport needed . 
  our 2 continental options are canada and mexico , which are neat and all but we have enough country here to drive through . 
  i love international travel but my passport is out of date because its expensive to travel . 
  i live in wa state and dont even need a passport to when i visit vancouver . 
  i have my enhanced drivers license for that . 
  the wheels do in fact go ` round and ` round . 
  ive never thought the irish were `` drunks '' . 
  we do know they drink more per capita but thats just consumption and tolerance . 
  you can drink more and not be drunk . 
  americans are very curious about other countries as you know . 
  but as an american , its hard to travel internationally because of the cost of ocean crossing . 
  our cheap options are canada ( america jr. ) and mexico ( dont wan na get robbed and killed ) . 
  not without a prime subscription . 
  people cherry pick the past and pretend its relevant to the present . 
  why did it say it then and what does it say now ? 
  those are the question people should ask but they never do . 
  exactly this . 
  even a remedial study of the crusades will teach you that they were reactionary . 
  its was political . 
  sure the powers of that time used religion as a motivating and inspiring aid to incentivize participating and most likely dying for the political cause . 
  it was about protecting their people on their land that was in dispute . 
  the land was important to trade and global influence . 
  `` but the crusades ... '' is such a feeble trump card . 
  clearly youve never had trouble open a very tight jar ... 
  lets hope we can, 
  yeah , i had a rifle but its tough to turn a rifle sideways, 
  grew up with guns . 
  yes , you learn a deep respect for its usage . 
  its not a toy . 
  you become mindful of it and everyone around you . 
  it deserves your full attention . 
  recreational shooting for sport ( target shooting ) and hunting are the majority reasons americans legally own guns . 
  there is a protection need as well as a good number of americans live rural areas where you might be 30 minutes from police assistance . 
  i lived in the colorado rocky mountains for a portion of my life and needed a gun for protection against bears and mountain lions . 
  usually the sound will scare them off but you never know when youre going to have to turn that thing sideways and send winnie the pooh back to the 100 acre wood . 
  please refute `` while europe slept '' . 
  i 'm listening . 
  1 europe , please . 
  i knew all russians lived in nutshells !!!!!!!, 
  if they do , why arent they identifying as germans ? 
  why are they identifying as turks ? 
  i 'm not being snarky . 
  i really dont understand why they are protesting for a completely different country inside their home country . 
  what do these german turks want in the first place ? 
   with education and higher quality of life people naturally tend to have less children . 
  i 'm not sure if thats true . 
  the `` baby boomers '' here in the us are a large generation of people born after ww2 , after gis came home from war and life in the us was good . 
  no rebuilding . 
  just prosperity . 
  family size got bigger . 
  presently , we are seeing the opposite . 
  later marriages , smaller families . 
  now imagine when all this becomes too much and they want to round up the immigrants , put them on trains , and deport them ... 
  dont know but if theyre coming by boat theyll be better vetted than the free reign theyre given to cross into what euro country they want . 
  one way in and us coastguard doesnt fuck about with border patrol . 
  these people will be inventoried and accounted for , finger prints , profiles , etc. 
  theyll need to regularly check into a state department immigration agency . 
  if they dont , and are caught , they can be deported back . 
  arrested for mischief ? 
  deported . 
  theyll get a refugee visa that has terms and conditions for their stay here . 
  by all mean , if they go through our immigration process legally , all 10,000 and more are welcome to stay . 
  its all about making them all go through the same turnstyle upon entry .
