  and yes , people over here are mostly against uncontrolled migration . 
  thanks for agreeing . 
   then it 's irrelevant . 
  how so ? 
   who is `` you people '' ? 
  are you claiming i 'm part of some group called `` you people '' i 'm not aware of ? 
  you people , as in the overwhelming hivemind of this subreddit . 
  whenever someone dares to mention that taking in refugees is actually part of the human rights charta , he immediately gets downvoted to oblivion and loads of `` dae feels  reals '' replies . 
  you 'd have to be quite ignorant to not see that if you 're a regular on this subreddit . 
   you can he is n't saying that he is . 
  he is saying you * can * use it to justify almost anything . 
  and he 's right about that . 
  also how come the human rights carta is basically a joke to / r/europe ? 
  do you people simply disregard human rights when it suits you ? 
  [ apparently it was staged by the is , says german newspaper der spiegel according to new intel . 
  * rough translation :  the attacker apparently wanted the authorities to be able to reconstruct his way through greece and the balkans . 
  the organisation `` is '' rejects any concept of citizenship and views syria and every other country as illegitimate constructs , that have to be destroyed . 
  despite that , the jihadist was carrying a syrian passport on him . 
  allegedly he wanted the document to be found . 
  those syrian refugees did n't conduct the french terror attacks . 
  if anything it was an is terrorist hiding among them , and even that narrative is quickly falling apart as is propaganda right as we speak . 
  the attacker allegedly staged himself as one , [ according to new intel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/islamischer-staat-paris-attentaeter-waren-in-syrien-a-1062898.html ) . 
  you allege me of so many things that apparently you want to read between my words . 
  this is not how you have a healthy discussion and i hope you will see that one day . 
  additionally : [ german newspaper der spiegel claims that the terrorist carefully staged himself as a refugee . 
   marine le pen is n't the cause of muslim radicalization . 
  i never claimed that . 
  the root of radical islam is not parties like fn , but if you seriously want to deny that xenophobic movements gaining traction in a country has no effect on the behavior of minorities , you are deliberately choosing to not look at the complete picture . 
   you are the real racist here wow , that escalated quickly . 
  great quality of discourse on this subreddit lately . 
   because you pretend these muslims can not make any choices themselves and are under simply control of what white bureaucrats choose . 
  i literally never said anything like that . 
  keep on putting words in my mouth like that 's going to help in any way . 
   winning the lottery implies it it a rare occurrence . 
  fair point , the comparison might not be flawless but the connection i point out is real and it 's important people realise how right wing extremism and religious extremism play right into each others hands in europe right now . 
  on top of that , a further escalation within our population is exactly what the is is hoping for . 
  that 's not what i wrote and you know that . 
  unfortunately that 's just as true for the hardliners on reddit . 
   people do n't want to talk or face tough questions . 
  especially this part . 
  we are facing one of the most complex problems in the history of the european union , yet naturally many people are inclined to follow the leaders that are suggesting simple solutions . 
  the situation is n't black and white . 
  pretending it is is in fact na\u00efvet\u00e9 . 
  to politicians like le pen these terror attacks are like winning the lottery . 
  and their ideology helps to further alienate muslims from the rest of the population leading to more recruits for is propaganda . 
  it 's a vicious cycle of hatred which only serves the extremists on all sides , everybody else loses . 
  that 's okay , sorry for misspelling it . 
  i hope you do n't expect a serious answer . 
  the guy you 're talking to most likely has trouble tying his shoes in the morning . 
  the op in this comment chain suggested bombing the kabba with a cruise missile . 
  the comment which you then answered to pointed out that this would likely start a world war . 
  why are there so many terribly confused redditors on / r/europe lately ? 
  if people are saying that there are zero violent people among the refugees , they are naive . 
  if people say that we should n't help refugees because there are violent persons among them , they are naive as well . 
  they are n't intrinsically more dangerous because they believe in different spiritual ideas or have a different skin color - but of course some of them are very bad people too . 
  it 's human nature , unfortunately . 
  you 're a bit dim are n't you ? 
  you should really read the comments you 're answering to . 
  no , but bomb the kabba and see what happens you genius . 
  i love the smell of political extremism in the morning . 
  / r/europe never disappoints . 
  tfw / r/europe quotes mentally ill serial killers, 
  it 's quite astounding that you do n't realize how similar your rethoric is to that of an is fighter . 
  serious question : are you actually mentally impaired or very drunk right now ? 
  it happened in the 90s as well , during a similar situation and nowadays there is even more pressure . 
  we will see who 's right i guess . 
   i personally consider her a traitor to the german people . 
  you claim to not be one , but you talk like a political extremist . 
  there is a difference between enforcing a law and founding the framework on which a law can be enforced . 
  the latter is indeed the job of politics . 
  have you not learned this in school ? 
  it 's okay though , maybe discussing politics just is n't for you . 
   the problem is the the afd is literally the only party in germany opposed to unlimited illegal immigration . 
  i would vote for another one if you know one , but as far as i know there is one . 
  cdu/csu is basically in full on open borders mode without any upper limit ( 2 days ago confirmed again on zdf interview ) . 
  mark my words , the cducsu will have a change of course not too far in the future . 
  they know this as well . 
   this is false . 
  every imam is pretty smart and most of the intelligentsia during the middle ages in europe were catholic . 
  yes , but the problem are not the imams but the people inclined to believe them . 
  they are the group we need to integrate first to stop extremism . 
  also of course we are discussing modern times . 
  the government is not enforcing the law . 
  we have a thing called separation of forces in germany ( gewaltenteilung ) . 
  you are dense as fuck . 
  educate yourself on wikipedia or do something productive with your life , i 'm done with you . 
  education has everything to do with religion , although of course you ca n't reach everyone especially not the leaders which are of course highly intelligent people . 
  it 's kind of like with the afd : the leaders are very smart and know how to manipulate their undereducated followers . 
  overall though : highly educated people are much less likely to hold extreme religious views . 
  the connection is quite obvious and immediate , actually . 
  and yes , i am aware that the current situation with the is will only get solved with boots on the ground . 
  but there wo n't be a way around it anyway . 
  the greens have also supported the army efforts of the cdu/spd at all times and the linkspartei alone does n't have the power to interfere . 
  out of curiosity , how would you solve the current situation ? 
   paying perfect attention . 
  evidently not . 
   the government 's conception of what s racist is what 's politically convenient for them . 
  the government does n't decide . 
  you are a very confused man . 
  hard to verify because i do n't know how credible the papers/reports are , but i 'm going to give you the benefit of doubt on this one .
