  edit : oh nevermind , you 're the guy that advocated for threatening to bomb the kaaba with cruise missiles just yesterday . 
  that 's my point , man . 
  we should n't let them scare us , however without stripping europe from it 's values of freedom we wo n't be able to guarantee 100 % security , ever . 
  we 've got to be honest with ourselves on this one . 
  it wishes to end all of western civilization in fact . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/dec/08/russia-europe-right-putin-front-national-eu http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/putin-s-far-right-ambition-think-tank-reveals-how-russian-president-is-wooing-and-funding-populist-9883052.html http://www.economist.com/news/briefing/21643222-who-backs-putin-and-why-kremlins-pocket https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/russia-fsu/2014-03-25/putins-western-allies http://www.businessinsider.com/putin-is-infiltrating-europe-2014-12?ir=t http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/21/world/europe/europes-far-right-looks-to-russia-as-a-guiding-force.html?_r=0 http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2014-11-24/russias-big-bet-on-the-french-far-right, 
  i was including the fact to point out that there are powerful outside sources ( russia and the is , for example ) who really , * really * want to see the eu in shambles to serve their own political interest and they 're working towards achieving that goal as we speak . 
   how about we think about the victims that died in paris or beirut . 
  and less about potential threats ? 
  i agree , i would like that . 
  however in the world of international politics that would be an utopian dream i think . 
  too many people are trying to gain profit ( out of paris especially ) right now . 
   it 's not a fucking contest . 
  to be fair , / u/jack _ beauregard is n't the one who started making comparisons . 
  it 's the trade off we have to think about as free citizens these days . 
  a society of freedom will always be vulnerable to attacks like these , at least to a degree . 
  well , yeah . 
  you use different forces for that than you do for permanent surveillance . 
  haha , honestly i wish i could just shut the hell up because i know my comments wo n't get anyone of them to think about what they 're writing . 
  however i ca n't just let it stand without an answer either . 
  anyway it 's a pointless battle on / r/europe ( an ) these days . 
  if you want to stay optimistic keep in mind that the internet ( including reddit ) is often a aggregator for radical views , and most of the moderate users left this subreddit long ago . 
  this subreddit is not representative of the reality in the general public . 
  the intelligence agencies do n't have the ressources to monitor every suspect 24/7 . 
  at least that 's the situation in germany , i suspect it 's similar in belgium and france . 
   the eu pipe-dream is dying . 
  the european union is not something that exists in a vaccuum . 
  it lives or it dies depending or what europeans do with that idea . 
  at the moment the far right with funding by putin is working hard to destroy our collective progress and send europe back into a time of nations in confrontation with each other . 
  border checks wo n't destroy the eu and the greek crisis can be solved by money and reformations . 
  what ca n't be solved as easily though are the borders in the minds of certain people . 
  ultimately , if the union shall fail , the radicals succeed . 
  the government at the time [ actively repressed the actual death count and evidence . 
  ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20121017-paris-massacre-algeria-october-17-1961-51-years-anniversary-historian-einaudi ), 
  if you read past the `` both . '', 
  it becomes quite clear what he means . 
  it 's more like correcting a false media claim actually ... 
  you will probably get called mentally ill for holding the ideal of european unity to a high standard on this subreddit - but i agree with you . 
  yet another one that wants to start a death count contest between nationalist extremism and islamist extremism . 
  probably is n't such a good idea if you think about it though , just saying . 
  and no , / r/europe - because i know you 're already typing the comment - i am not trying to relativise what happened on friday . 
  for sure , i am aware that my experience is not universal - that 's why this matter is so highly controversial . 
  sad to hear you having negative experiences . 
  lived in london for a year and i ca n't tell you how much i love it there . 
  if i could chose one city to live in it would be london - but i ca n't because it 's way too expensive unfortunately . 
  as i live next to an emergency camp and there 's also a first aid camp near my girlfriends flat , i talked to refugees myself . 
  edit : ca n't say i 'm surprised by the downvotes . 
  i 'm sorry my own primary research does n't match your prejudices guys . 
  as mentioned , i highly recommend you search the dialogue too . 
  most of them are perfectly fine with not living near a big city . 
  actually the overwhelming majority does . 
  it 's the isolation and lack of perspective that has a negative aspect on them . 
  go talk to some refugees yourself and see how entitled they are . 
  honestly , i found that to be the best way to deal with all the prejudices . 
  are you interested in living in heated tents ? 
  then please do n't try to blame every fucking thing on refugees , / r/europe . 
  very good . 
   i think unless serious efforts are made this will become a big problem and source for conflict in europe . 
  i agree on that . 
  thank you . 
  it has actually just been confirmed as true by the french ministry of justice . 
  not sure what 's going on with the mods of this subreddit . 
  i wish i could be too , but i 've seen the statistics for civilian casualties per air strike so it 's really hard for me to cheer for them . 
  no wonder it 's doing well on / r/europe then . 
  while you 're right about this being a problem in general , i think you 're blowing it out of proportion . 
  in germany for example muslims who want sharia law are a small fringe group , comparable to political extremists . 
  yes they are a problem we have to deal with , no question , but it 's not as bad as you make it out to be . 
  sometimes i really wish this subreddit would be more level headed on these matters , like it was half a year ago . 
  i just hope this is going to help and that there are not many civil casualties for once . 
  ca n't say i 'm terribly optimistic though . 
  i personally do n't think is can be defeated without boots on the ground ... and at that point a whole new clusterfuck starts . 
  it has just been confirmed by the french ministry of justice . 
  yeah , but it makes absolutely no sense . 
  is is interested in one thing and one thing only . 
  escalating this thing as much as possible . 
  they have proclaimed that their endgame is the apocalypse . 
  what do you think attacking a state like saudi arabia with cruise missiles is going to achieve ? 
  okay , no worries man . 
  looks like the is achieved its goal with you . 
  i 'd say that yes , it should influence the way europeans react to the attack . 
  it is abundantly clear at this point that one of the goals of the is is to turn the different populations of europe against each other . 
  primarily the far right against muslims . 
  we ca n't allow them to achieve that . 
  europe must stand together . 
  okay , you lost me . 
  what are you even talking about now ? 
  you said you want to blow up the kaaba , how does that analogy fit in now ? 
  good to know you 're actually agreeing with me . 
  because as you said the guy was n't a refugee - which means it was indeed staged . 
  next time when you feel the need to be contrarian , think before you type . 
  do you have trouble with reading comprehension ? 
  nobody is denying that . 
  did you not read the comment ? 
  he is n't denying that . 
  but it 's been a carefully planned move to turn europeans against each other . 
  so where exactly am i wrong ? 
   because that 's not what he said . 
  then arguments presented about something else are irrelevant to what he said . 
   so it in fact makes your comment irrelevant , not mine . 
   i 'm not part of a group called `` you people '' .
