did you even bother to check what article you 're commenting on ? 
   miscommunication errors ... that 's a weird way of spelling propaganda . 
  i guess we could try and seek ... refuge here ? 
  reddit also found the boston bomber !, 
  you know that jewish germans can migrate to the us just as well as christian or atheist germans , right ? 
  what would they need refuge slots for ? 
   massive sexual harrassment in southern italy . 
  women that used to be safe can no longer walk alone after dark . 
  whole cities are changed by it . 
  pull recorded data for sexual offenses in the relevant areas and analyse potential increases , interview a significantly diverse sample of inhabitants , record opinions of local law enforcements , police and politicians , ... 
  pretty much use the standard scientific method . 
  they are also fleeing from war and oppressive regimes so they have similar reasons as syrians . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  i thought the guy i was answering to was hinting towards illegal asylum seekers . 
   i would n't be surprised . 
  rich oil nations are showering europan leaders with money to make them behave the way they want to . 
  yup . 
  for example russia is doing the same thing with fn in france and the npd in germany . 
  the ones that are n't do n't get granted asylum in most cases though , which nullifies their right to bring in relatives . 
   how would you prove such soft perceptions changing over so many years ? 
  with ... data ? 
   with what happened in germany and sweden , both police , media and politicians tried to cover it up . 
  it was on every newspaper headline and every news broadcasting as a leading topic . 
  in fact it still is every couple of days when new facts surface . 
  but sure , call it a cover up if it suits you . 
  true , but it 's so much more fun when you raise yourself over another nation while doing it , amirite guise ? 
  this sub has become unbearable . 
  germany has deployed bundeswehr troops against the is . 
  perhaps you should visit russia and see how well that modern day utopia does . 
  the book argues that every matter of political dispute has been displaced by an engineered dominance of socialist thought . 
  which kinda plays into my point that this ca n't be true if you look at how much political strife there is today . 
  in my experience the concept of an all-surpressing `` political correctness '' is a narrative mostly used by people who ca n't voice their opinions in a civilised and productive way - as is the norm in a modern day democracy - and get very upset when they get called out for it . 
   the un is committed to the destruction of european cultures , fuck me , do people honestly believe shit like that ? 
  to be honest it 's just hard to believe for me personally because i do n't have first hand insight into how the swedish society works ( and how different it may be to our german society ) . 
  but i know that there are people saying the same things about germany which i know is n't true - so every time sweden is portrayed as this opinion dictatorship it 's kind of hard to take seriously especially given how much traction the right wing movement has gained there . 
  what ? 
  funny how / r/europe is always big on freedom of speech when people are spreading inciteful right-wing extremism on social networks ( i.e. 
  germany should n't be allowed to apply their anti-extremism laws on facebook to censor the `` truth '' ) - but not when it comes to other inciteful ideologies . 
  who would 've thought . 
  the amount of brainless rhetoric questions on this subreddit right now is unbearable . 
  just because someone is arguing against one point does n't make him embrace the opposite point . 
  * also * being the key word . 
  which does n't release the attackers from their responsibility . 
  that 's not what he said and you know it . 
  ca n't argue with that logic . 
  and when the is commits a suicide bombing , do you blame western politicians too for their foreign policy ? 
  your argument makes no sense . 
  if i commit a violent crime i am responsible , even if someone else might have provoked me . 
  who 's to blame ? 
  probably the people that attacked foreigners in cologne . 
  people , not just muslims , are responsible for their actions you know . 
  murican alert . 
   no there should n't be a threshold , a threshold means not all opinions are valued the same , that 's discrimination . 
  that is entirely your opinion . 
  the legislation says otherwise -  there is a threshold and there has been since the inception of the brd . 
  opinions that work directly and actively against the german constitution are valued less and are in extreme cases persecuted . 
  this has little to do with `` discrimination '' and more with the protection of the democracy itself . 
  as you know , we had some bad events concerning certain extreme opinions at some point . 
  a democracy that can protect itself against agitators of that kind is a good thing . 
  how this guy minister in a ruling european party and not in a mental clinic is beyond me . 
   a world of vegetarians and cyclists , these who focus only in new kinds of energy and want to fight all religion . 
  this has nothing to do with traditional polish values it 's as if / pol / formed a party and actually won the elections . 
  in fact it 's both . 
  luckily the `` western civilisation '' that antagonises homosexuality , democracy and freedom of press seems to be doing quite well , eh putin ? 
  we 're seeing the propaganda war in action , right here . 
  the original video did n't have any allahu akbars in it , yet here is / r/europe as usual jumping on every possible opportunity to spin a news story against muslims . 
  thanks for reminding me why i do n't come to this subreddit anymore . 
  reuropean was so disgustingly right to celebrate victory over the moderate redditors . 
  that 's not what whataboutism is . 
  i 'm afraid the only answer for that question you 're likely to get on here are downvotes . 
  i 'll be so happy when my tax money finally wo n't go to poland anymore . 
  based on what `` looks '' ? 
  probably at the local station or on their way because reality is n't like minority report . 
  well , they already set an end to freedom of press and independence of justice systems . 
  it 's so unfair to criticise a party for abandoning some of he core concepts of western democracy if it 's for the nationalist good amirite / r/europe ? 
  yes , it will surely be interesting to watch what they come up now `` given some time '' . 
  poland fucks up once again , just as their economy and quality of living started to improve . 
  if it would n't be so sad it would be absolutely hilarious . 
  the far right was extremely powerful for a few years in the mid-90s when we had the last refugee flap ( from kosovo etc ) . 
   taking over completely in the end . 
  interesting phrasing . 
  i still wonder when that world war is going to start that / r/worldnews proclaimed will happen with the annexation of crimea . 
  every time something big happens that entire subreddit just goes full / r/panichistory . 
  i feel like i 'm out of the loop with the broomsticks joke . 
  what 's it referencing to ? 
  why do n't you think breivik is a terrorist ? 
  i realise there are large differences between the organisations , but the essence of it are terrorist motivations and methods . 
  they are all terrorists , are n't they ? 
  or the nsu , or the th\u00fcringer heimatsch\u00fctzer , or breivik , or the ira . 
  of course , orban . 
  that is actually really cool . 
  wish we had something like that in germany !, 
  i hope you are trolling . 
  germany helping greece cope with the mass migration crisis is the reason why this sub is constantly trashing it . 
  i do n't think you really understand what `` apologism '' is . 
   that is eye-opening . 
  not sure where you 've been but the secrecy of some of the eus instances have been a controversial topic for quite a while now . 
   careful what you say in r/europe i guess pretty much . 
   i 'm sorry to disappoint you , but i 'm afraid a lot of people in europe nowadays secretly harbour the ` throw all the muslims out ' feelings . 
  this sub is definitely not an exception .
