  it literally has nothing to do with censoring opinions the bundesregierung does n't like . 
  it 's about enforcing a law that existed since the inception of the brd in an online environment . 
  so either you are seriously confused about the german legislation or you are deliberately twisting actual news for propaganda uses ( which i wo n't even blame you for , it gets you lots of upvotes on this subreddit ) . 
  so there is no actual source for the number . 
  merkel did n't create a policy for that . 
  was n't he talking about merkel 's policies though ? 
  it was just for syrian refugees . 
  ahh fair enough , no problem !, 
  something being top comment is equivalent to a source now ? 
  i must have missed that memo . 
  go back to your video game subreddits . 
  feels  reals, 
  this ... what ... 
  ** what ?!, 
  ** none of that is actually happening . 
  am i missing some sarcasm here ? 
   legit questions , of the top of my head i ca n't think of anyone . 
  there were and are loads of conservative columnists at der spiegel , die welt , focus who all write about the matter . 
  also it has been topic of countless talk shows , short documentaries on ard , zdf , phoenix , hell even n24 and blogs . 
  on top of that you have politicians where you have discussions about it in all parties that currently are in the bundestag . 
  even voices coming from die linke are talking about the potential dangers and even limits to the current migration . 
  i will never understand why people feel like their opinion is not represented in the mass media , because it is . 
  shh , do n't interrupt the circlejerk . 
  which policies are you talking about exactly ? 
  silly you , thinking reddit cares about human rights . 
  that 's not true . 
  frontex only helps when lifes are in danger , that 's what the operation is about . 
  edit : also mare nostrum does n't exist anymore . 
  so there is no source for the number . 
  and to top it all off , this is exactly what the djihadis want . 
  antagonizing muslims in general will lead to the culture clash they are targeting . 
  that is because of the attacks , not despite them . 
  i know exactly what you mean . 
  had the same experience while living in the uk . 
  they even had a german-themed bakery chain which tasted nowhere near german bread . 
  poor brits . 
  okay , so we have to agree to disagree i guess . 
  honestly , i really do n't understand what point you want to argue right now . 
  are you against laws that allow us to protect democracy from people that want to do away with it ? 
  because that 's all i 'm saying in this thread . 
  i partly agree . 
  but you underestimate the amount of critical thinking that 's necessary for proper fact checking . 
  conspiracy theories flourish on the internet for that unfortunate reason alone . 
  of course most of them do n't get a mainstream foothold but there are many people who find their crude theories justified by just as crude internet sources . 
  i remember as a ~ 10 year old i was practically believing almost anything i read on weird websites on the internet , from world conspiracies to some bilderberger bullshit to 9/11 . 
  it took me a while and some growing up to know how to seperate the bullshit from the valuable information . 
   i know , i 've read his diary . 
  you 're wrong the putsch failed utterly and hitler was imprisoned , they got into power using democracy , hitler and his party got elected into power as a coalition government , if you 're against that you 're against the same ideals that gave us the magna carta , and the u.s. constitution which were both highly offensive to the establishment powers of the time . 
  under these laws people in boston should have been jailed for talking about seceding from england . 
  you ca n't cherry pick when democracy is good and when it is n't . 
  well , exactly . 
  this is exactly what i was talking about in my original comment . 
  the nsdap exploited the democratic mechanisms of the weimarer republik until it was powerful enough to remove them . 
  also , yes his first putsch failed , but ultimately it allowed his movement to become way more widespread than ever before , allowing hitler to capitalize on his imprisonment . 
  november 1923 . 
  http://www.br.de/radio/bayern2/wissen/radiowissen/geschichte/hitlerputsch-weimarer-demokratie-umsturz-nationalsozialismus-100.html  when you start to ban speech that goes against establishment narrative you risk censoring the truth as well , i 'm against holocaust denial since my own family was victims of it , but you combat these accusations that the holocaust never happened with facts , when you do n't you basically give credence to their argument because they believe you have no argument . 
  i guess this is the neverending discussion i as a german will have with american redditors . 
  i can see just as little sense in your `` absolute '' ( which it actually is n't ) free speech . 
  but to each his own , just accept we run our democracy a little more carefully these days . 
   there are some holes to what we have established as ` historical fact ' regarding the holocaust , and sadly we will probably never know the exact truth , as any study contrary to established narrative has been suppressed . 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't really want to dive into conspiracy territory . 
  i 'm quite confident that the testimonial of thousands of zeitzeugen from within the concentration camps ( from ss members , to victims , to politicians ) is more than enough . 
  but you are free to think whatever makes you happy . 
  no they are facts , but you got the timeline wrong . 
  what you point out are things the party did after putsching itself into power after using propaganda and violence to get the support of large parts of a desperate country . 
  i do n't know why you 're arguing this point with me . 
  goebbels wrote a manifest about it . 
  also the way you chose to describe the nsdap sounded like admiration on my end . 
  might be my mistake , but it 's the internet so who knows . 
  absolutely . 
  unfortunately way too many people do n't know how to scientifically research facts , especially on a huge medium like the internet . 
  not sure if serious . 
  you can find `` facts '' for literally anything on the internet . 
  it all comes down to confirmation bias . 
  wow , some people on reddit sure love the nsdap . 
  she threatened new pogroms towards jews for example . 
  it happened because the weimarer republik was n't equipped with the legal repertoire to deal with violently antidemocratic movements such as the nsdap . 
  ( demokratiegef\u00e4hrung , etc ) also , goebbels himself said that the freedom of speech in the weimarer republik allowed them to organise their massive propaganda campaigns without repercussions . 
  na klar . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  i 'm talking about the philosophy of tackling issues . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  it 's probably a radical concept to some , but if we want the concept of the european union to succeed , a unified thinking is crucial . 
  yes . 
   germany always follows the rules , and often just wants others to behave sane ( and with the interests of the union over their country ) in mind . 
  which often upsets the reddit nationalist hive . 
  i agree that refusing to acknowledge the problem earlier was a stupid mistake by the northern countries , but throwing around the blame does n't help anyone right now . 
  greece was collapsing under the weight of the new arrivals . 
  disabling dublin was an important step to keep the country operational . 
  blame germany all you want for it , but it ensured stability in that region - or would you rather see a whole country becoming disfunctional over the refugee situation ? 
  now , as / u/stukkalangley says , we need to find a solution together . 
  noone has to follow . 
  right now the refugee policies of germany/sweden and eastern eu/uk are colliding and everyone is kind of doing what they think is best because nobody wants to work with each other . 
  this topic comes up in the most trivial threads on / r/europe , from the same people with the same phrases . 
  there is no place where you 're safe from the propaganda and hatred . 
  ** as a testament to the current state of this subreddit : ** a comment claiming `` gas would be cheaper '' was upvoted to the upper 1/3 of this thread until it was removed by the mods . 
  meanwhile a guy proposing europe should tackle the issue as a union is downvoted to oblivion . 
  why do you have to be so ugly , reddit ?
