   thinks it 's a coincidence the german government started enforcing a law a lot more rigorously i get the feeling you 're not paying attention . 
  also \\  l2greentext on reddit man . 
  is and its financiers needs to be defeated in one way or another , we need a large raise in education funds and strengthen our integration efforts ( even though germany is already on track with it , as yearly research shows ) . 
  i am also in favor of handling the refugee situation on a european basis , with solidarity and as the name suggests , as a union . 
  i do n't know though , these are just some ideas . 
  but the essence is that this is not a problem europe/nato ca n't manage . 
   by the way , i do n't think the fn or afd are in any shape or form `` extremist '' , they are currently the most reasonable ones . 
  and in the case of fn i am being backed by 1/3 of the france voters : well , yes . 
  they are the people with the simple solutions for complex issues . 
  voters love that shit . 
  it does n't make their ideology any better though and make no mistake , afd and fn are not harmless . 
  take a look who these politicians actually are , what they say and believe ( when the cameras are off ) . 
  if you were listening during your history class you will find large similarities to a certain time in germany . 
   how many more innocent people should die according to you until you realise that something must be done to stop this slaughter and end this jihad . 
  okay , you 're beginning to sound really confused now . 
  what makes you think i do n't want to stop religious extremism ? 
  it 's needless to say that of course i do . 
  contrary to you though , i do n't think the solution is political extremism . 
  because i know some shit about history and politics . 
  also i reckon you have never seen the statistics for right wing extremist crime in germany ? 
  well , even if you did you probably would n't care cause they 're kind of your buddys . 
  lets just hope you are 100 % german . 
   sad but true . 
  most of them only see refugee = poor person , we need to help no matter what and the more we can help the better . 
  that 's probably because ** most ** of them are . 
  now downvote away , / r/europe you silly right wing hugbox . 
  are you seriously trying to get into a death count contest between terrorism and fascism ? 
  you are incredibly naive . 
  the typical afd voter though . 
  how does it feel to play directly into the hands of the is ? 
   we do n't know . 
  merkel might be just that crazy , she is completly insane . 
  every of her statements is supporting unlimited illegal immigration or hunting down `` racist '' facebook posts . 
  your confirmation bias is showing , hard . 
   i strongly hope the afd will rise to power to free germany and its citizens from this regime of insanity . 
  nene . 
  ehh , we all know that 's not going to happen though , do n't we ? 
  we will probably see a cap at some point in the future . 
  you can believe that all you want , but that does n't magically make it real , buddy . 
  yeah , but you know ... how am i supposed to tell you ... 
  except criticism is not being silenced . 
  that 's kind of the minor flaw with your little theory . 
  you actually have a point there , i give you that . 
  he sure is a great guy . 
   the whole thing stinks . 
  no it does n't . 
  i 'm sure you 're aware that in modern germany freedom of speech has always had boundaries . 
  this leads to laws that are not being applied on platforms like facebook - for example defamation and volksverhetzung . 
   publications violating laws ( e.g. , such promoting volksverhetzung or slander and libel ) can be censored in today 's germany , with authors and publishers probable subjects to penalties . 
  strafgesetzbuch section 86a rather strictly prohibits the public display of `` symbols of unconstitutional organizations '' such as the nsdap and affiliates . 
  materials written or printed by organizations ruled to be anti-constitutional , like the nsdap or the red army faction ( baader-meinhof gang ) , have also been placed on the index . 
  public holocaust denial is also prohibited and may be severely punished with up to five years in prison . 
  [ 4 ] a decision of a court that assumes that a publication is violating another person 's personal rights may also lead to censoring ( a newspaper for example can be forced not to publish private pictures ) . 
  all that 's being asked of facebook is to apply the laws of the country they are running a business in . 
  that 's it . 
  i am honestly surprised that reddit seemingly does n't want to understand this . 
   occupy a swath of land in syria and relocated refugees there ? 
  genius !, 
  / s to be fair , that would be a much more moderate solution than what i see on / r/europe lately . 
  yeah , someone else also posted a source somewhere further down the comment chain . 
  thanks !, 
  i honestly did n't expect numbers being that high , quite surprising . 
  oh , a petition . 
  i am sorry , but you 're living in a dream world . 
  next time you choose to comment on german politics at least inform yourself about how the legal system works . 
  it 's really tiring to have a discussion with someone who just makes up new `` facts '' as you go along . 
  no it is n't . 
  i feel like talking to a wall . 
  the law is applied by courts , as it has been for decades . 
  the government does n't enforce it . 
  facebook is n't some kind of lawless zone , if it operates in germany then german laws should apply . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about . 
  yes ... yes you do actually . 
  india for example has a large problem with buddhist terror groups , then there is the kony and his child army in central africa - radical christians . 
  although to be honest i do n't have jewish or hindu examples in my mind right now . 
  you should visit germany sometime . 
  it 's a great country if you manage to not get arrested by our mossad-controlled shadow government !, 
  yes , i know you were talking about that - kind of . 
  it literally has nothing to do with censoring opinions the bundesregierung does n't like . 
  it 's about enforcing a law that existed since the inception of the brd in an online environment . 
  so either you are seriously confused about the german legislation or you are deliberately twisting actual news for propaganda uses ( which i wo n't even blame you for , it gets you lots of upvotes on this subreddit ) . 
   are people who voice opinions you dislike prosecuted , or not ? 
  no they are n't . 
   is facebook being investigated for not censoring opinions you dislike , or not ? 
  no it is not . 
   i 'm sure you do n't hear much dissent in your own country , as people who do voice such dissent are prosecuted for it . 
  this is utterly hilarious . 
  i am sorry , but you 're living in a dream world . 
  next time you choose to comment on german politics at least inform yourself about how the legal system works . 
  it 's really tiring to have a discussion with someone who just makes up new `` facts '' as you go along . 
  brd means bundesrepublik deutschland by the way . 
  so you 're talking about germany temporarily disabling dublin iii for syrians to ensure stability in greece - which was on the verge of collapsing under the numbers of refugees that were already there ? 
  i rarely agree with merkel and the cdu , but this was a necessary step . 
  no it is n't . 
  i feel like talking to a wall . 
  the law is applied by courts , as it has been for decades . 
  the government does n't enforce it . 
  facebook is n't some kind of lawless zone , if it operates in germany then german laws should apply . 
  can you link me to the policy merkel instated that `` opened the floodgates to millions '' ? 
  yes , i know you were talking about that - kind of .
