  where did you get those numbers from ? 
  yeah , it 's quite amazing how far some people on reddit are detached from reality . 
  and those are usually the kind of people posting `` reals  feels '' everywhere . 
  yes , but i did n't write that comment . 
  i just pointed out that while obviously not all germans are hateful racists , some are and we have laws that limit their social and political reach . 
  not sure why i am getting downvoted for stating the obvious . 
  usually they 're vocal enough so you do n't have or want to ask . 
   this is literaly about a facebook admin . 
  he is a facebook exec . 
  if you really think deleting comments personally is his job we are done here . 
  i 'm so tired of foreign redditors commenting about german legislation while knowing fuck-all about it . 
  broke what ? 
  i 'm sorry but you just do n't understand how the law operates . 
  it 's being determined by courts - not some kind of facebook admins - if someone stepped over the boundaries of legality . 
  this has worked absolutely fine for decades and it 's not suddenly turn into censorship just because a bunch of angsty teens on reddit say so . 
  also , very rarely you will find a commenter complaining about censorship , that has actual experience with being censored . 
  i always wonder why the clientele you 're talking about does n't get upset when we spend billions on military transport planes that ca n't fly , defective drones , prestige projects like ber or elbphilharmonie , ... 
  leave it to reddit to explain why deleting comments calling for murder/arson/civil war is a bad thing . 
   if these laws have existed on the books for many decades , why is it only just being enforced against facebook now ? 
  the law is clearly so far-reaching that everyone has probably broken it at some point . 
  selective enforcement of silly laws like this are always politically motivated . 
  you should really try informing yourself before commenting on foreign laws , especially when calling someone deluded . 
  the law strikes when people call for murder , reopening of kzs , arson , holocaust denial or other crimes in public ( which indeed includes the internet ) . 
  key word : volksverhetzung . 
  google it . 
  the bundesregierung tried to enforce this law on facebook for years , but with the rise of extremism on that platform the pressure is only rising just now . 
   germany faces costs of more than $ 21bn ( $ 22.5 bn ) this year to house literally the first sentence of the article . 
  some definitely are . 
  that 's what we have laws for buddy . 
  why are calls for murder/arson/reopening of concentration camps worth protecting on facebook ? 
  what do they add to our political discourse ? 
  not even close . 
  but calling for something like arson or murder already is and the bundesregierung just wants to apply this law to platforms like facebook and it 's about time this happens . 
  what i wrote is exactly the other way around man . 
  but essentially , both concepts are possible . 
  yes it is . 
  i can have positive sentiments towards a movement , for example because i think it is necessary to the democratic process , but still not support what precisely it stands for . 
  but quite honestly i 'm getting the feeling that you do n't want to understand this in order to defend the misleading title ... 
  i 'll try with an example . 
  yesterday helmut schmidt , a famous german conservative politician died . 
  now i as a moderate leftist have very positive views about this person because of his character , rhethorics and thoughtfulness , but still i would never support him politically or personally . 
  of course you ca n't translate this 1:1 , but maybe it shows you the difference between sentiments and support . 
  so we 're practically making thought crime a thing now for syrians ? 
  think for a minute man . 
  as i said i think it 's bad enough that there are some refugees having positive views about isis and we need to be prepared to deal with sentiments like that , but the difference between that and actively showing support is significant . 
  absolutely not , it is an enormous difference . 
  the difference between showing open supporting and having a positive opinion ( to an extend ) about something is very important . 
  now as i said , it 's still bad enough , but the headline is still very manipulating and you should n't really try to whitewash that . 
  neither am i. 
  [ or does this look like an extremist opinion to you ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3s7i0n/angela_merkel_faces_outright_rebellion_within_her/cwv7a9l ) downvoting so your comment gets hidden is the silencing tool the avg reddit user has , and it is being used extensively on this subreddit to hide any dissent . 
  yes it is , but the headline is still manipulating information that is not in the study . 
  anything that 's not a right wing opinion is immediatly downvoted in this subreddit , especially in threads about refugees/migrants . 
  not really , we have some good discussions over there . 
  if you 're able to voice your opinion in a calm and civilised fashion you wo n't be silenced which is much better than what 's happening on / r/europe since it became a default . 
   like i said , i think he 's a bit stuffed . 
  the uk government , him and even much of his party is n't anti-eu , but the political pressure he is facing comes from that side . 
  but as you can see his actual negotiating position and the way he is approaching it are far from antagonistic . . 
  i 'm going to read up some more backgrounds on this . 
  quite interesting because as i said , what reaches me here in germany is quite antagonistic indeed and it 's hard for me to believe they 're all loaded articles . 
   he is n't threatening - that is in legislation . 
  the uk is having a referendum , something pushed by pro- and anti-eu positioned people and groups on the basis that it 's absolutely needed in the uk ... 
  he ca n't stop a referendum and ca n't really threaten with something that is happening anyway and has been on the cards for years . 
  so what was the reason for scheduling the referendum ? 
   to be fair , that 's a telegraph headline . 
  the position of the government is negotiation , not demands , and for reform , not concessions . . 
  if you take the headlines as an accurate description of anything , on any subject , in any country , you are going to get an odd idea of what is going on . . fair point and i have to agree with that . 
  however the entire buildup to this situation has been quite hostile on his part , or at least that 's how it 's been portrayed here . 
   and lets be very very clear , the uk leaving the eu is n't something that cameron can threaten , its something that will come down to a referendum . 
  cameron can make it clear that he things people will vote to leave if his demands are n't met , but he ca n't guarantee it one way or another . 
  sure , i know that . 
  he is threatening with the conduction of a referendum which comes down to the same outcome though if you consider the growing anti-eu sentiment in the uk at the moment . 
  i think that the perception of his actions might be different if you 're from outside the uk and also depends on your stance on the eu . 
  in my opinion , it 's right in the headline here : he is making demands to the eu and threatening to hurt the union if they 're not met . 
  it 's clearly beyond working together at this point . 
  [ the values not really that hard to pinpoint . 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/scadplus/constitution/objectives_en.htm ) i support the idea of the uk helping to shape the eu , but that 's clearly not what cameron is going for . 
  he has threatened us with an exit for years now if we do n't bow to his will . 
  that 's not how a union works . 
  fuck him . 
  i 'm just concerned for the average uk citizen not realising that this step will most likely will end with them being even worse off than it is now . 
  but hey , at least they 'll be a `` free , independent '' nation once again . 
  hurray . 
  what i mean is , i just do n't care about politicians like him anymore . 
  same goes for the far eastern parts of the eu like hungary . 
  if they want to leave , let them . 
  it 's clear by now they do n't share the essential european values anyway and we do n't really need them . 
  fuck him . 
  believe me , it is . 
  most of them have migrated to / r/de now . 
  remember that time a band of islamists were roaming around in germany murdering dozens of foreigners for more than 10 years straight with suspicious links to government agencies ? 
  no me neither . 
  what a dumb way to make an argument . 
  i do n't know , neonazis bombing our cities seems pretty concerning to me . 
  are you saying it is n't ? 
   b\u00f6hmermann is in no way better than erdogan . 
  impressive comment . 
   good one . 
  making things up in your head does n't make them real . 
  you know , sometimes saying something stupid is just saying something stupid and not a hyperbel .
