  so it 's not really that governments choose not to act , it 's that there currently is no legal basis on which they can in most cases even though most of these radical mosques are under close surveillance . 
  this is a really , really bad counter-argument . 
  he is talking about those with double nationalities . 
  you probably should 've continued reading his comment before answering . 
  of course it sounds bad when you decide to leave out the rest of the sentence . 
   a states policy does not make its citizens culpable and they should still be mourned . 
  what he means by that is that you should n't devalue the loss of civilian life because of the actions of their government . 
  i totally agree , that 's what i was trying to say with my comment as well . 
  although i think at least trying to empathise with people far away once in awhile is an important step to keep our reality in check , so to say . 
  good point . 
  i suspect the recent russian meddling in eastern europe has really cooled most sympathies between the eu and russia ... even though such things should n't be projected on civilians . 
  same goes for the victims of the beirut attack in my opinion . 
  it 's understandable but sad that the general western population only really seems to care when something hits close to home . 
  but then again it 's probably the only way to live through the shit happening almost daily nowadays ... 
  i thought this was confirmed a while ago already ? 
  might be mistaken , but did n't the is already claim involvement as well ? 
  yes the do . 
  the difference is that my comments , or at least the overwhelming majority of them , are not even remotely provocative . 
  except you find my high opinion of european values offensive . 
  and that in itself would raise a whole other set of questions . 
  if you call me a radical , you are an extremist yourself . 
  i am one of the most moderate users left on this subreddit , whether or not your own political alignment agrees or not does n't matter . 
  so nice try at the adhoms in your original comment , unfortunately they do n't stick . 
  what sticks though is the question why you feel the need to offend me with accusations like that - in a thread where i just had one of the rare moments of piece and agreement not to forget - and not the actual hardliners on this sub . 
  want to let me in on that one ? 
  oh sure . 
  there are people who want to gas all muslims on this subreddit but my comments are the provocative ones . 
  but then again , your account is known for spreading agenda . 
  i honestly was n't expecting a level-headed answer like that . 
  i could n't agree more and apologise if my prior comment sounded a bit harsh . 
  this subreddit is not representative of the general population . 
  in fact , most of the moderate users have left months ago leaving this place drifting further and further into the extremes . 
   no , i want that traveling into a civil war is a crime , that should be prosecuted every time . 
   so the german leftists/antifa members fighting is in syria right now should be prosecuted for that too ? 
  you did n't really think that through . 
   salafism should be considered hate speech because every step of the radicalization is pretty much legal . 
  but this would never happen if we dont dismantle our constitution , because we have freedom of religion first . 
  that , of course , is absolute and utter bullshit . 
  most of the salafists we have in germany are already being monitored by the verfassungsschutz . 
  if anyone gets caught being involved in illegal affairs ( which can of course include volksbverhetzung ) they will be persecuted . 
   so its either traveling to fight in a civil war is a crime , or we have to get rid of freedom of religion . 
  yeah , the world is black and white . 
  obviously . 
  it 's alternativlos . 
   or we just get used to all the shit . 
  130 dead in a european city is peanuts . 
  as harsh as it sounds , but yes . 
  this is part of the dangers of living in a country that values freedom over totalitarian security . 
  everything within the boundaries of the law should be done to protect the citizens , but saying you can guarantee 100 % safety is dishonest . 
  the unschuldsvermutung is one of the most integral parts of our german justice system . 
  please stop trying to be edgy for the sake of it . 
   people are afraid to speak out well , what 's your approach then , that the general public in sweden should n't be allowed to criticise these people so they wo n't get afraid to speak out ? 
  / r/europe-bot : combine topics `` refugees '' and `` germany '' for free comment karma - `` merkel should resign , it 's all germanistan 's fault '' / europebot, 
  so what led you to answering to my comment then ? 
  did it ever occur to you that death is not something a moderate person smiles about ? 
  i do n't give a fuck if / u/kradem `` changed his mind '' or if he always has been a radical . 
  what matters is his opinion and what he is posting right now . 
  do you want me to send you a link to the post on r_european ? 
  or do you prefer not to go there yourself , because i would n't blame you . 
   this is what you call bad parenting exactly . 
  the question is though , why would that make anyone in his right mind smile . 
  the first part of the quote does make sense . 
  second is much more controversial . 
  i can understand people feeling the need to increase border checks and all of that . 
  what i ca n't understand is people calling for us to stop helping the refugees because of what happened in paris . 
   who is upvoting this ? 
  / r/europe was taken * over by nationalist extremists long before paris happened . 
  there was even a post on r_european where they celebrated their `` victory '' over the moderators . 
   the parents of jihadists always seem to defend them , but no one else does that . 
  jesus christ , / r/europe . 
  ah , that old narrative again . 
  this place is such a massive echo chamber that you must really believe it . 
  i hope you have a happy life . 
  yes it does . 
  the guy is not a refugee . 
  everyone was saying he was . 
  eh , if your views are conservative you 're just fine around here . 
  do n't you dare have a different opinion though or you 're in for a truly bad time . 
   both sides are pretty well represented . 
  show me one post representing liberal/leftist views on migration that has positive comment karma on / r/europe . 
  of one side is constantly dominating the top of threads and the other side is constantly at the bottom it 's quite rich to say they 're both well represented . 
  i think trivialize is the word i was looking for . 
  thank you !, 
  why does this not show up in the / new queue ? 
   no one is saying the refugees committed the crime . 
  oh , did you miss the whole yesterday on this subreddit then ? 
  and on reuropean they just do n't care and continue to push that narrative . 
  i do n't think it 's for mentioning russia but for talking about the eu in a postitive way . 
  try it , you always get downvoted for not thinking in nationalist patterns on / r/europe . 
  yeah , it felt wrong using that word , what would be the better translation ? 
  edit : notice how this is being downvoted as well . 
  i must 've made some lasting friends at this subreddit . 
  no , but neither are the islamist 's . 
  all that matters is that you believe you and only you are right and everybody else is wrong . 
  if you ca n't make the distinction , that 's not my problem . 
  i literally never used the words fascist and nazi . 
  stop victimizing yourself . 
  the extremist imams at radical mosques `` only use words '' too . 
  what a fantastic argument . 
  ... and how is that relevant to * anything * i just wrote ?
