  i did not claim legalizing prostitution will magically solve the problem of trafficking , i 'm just saying trafficking has nothing to do with prostitution being legal or illegal . 
  people are n't just being trafficked for prostitution , there are people who are being trafficked into forced labour on farms , does that mean we should ban agricultural work too ? 
  prostitution is something that will continue to exist , no matter what you do and it ca n't be considered a crime , because there 's no victim . 
  so if prostitutes continue to exist , regardless , we might as well let them pay taxes , which might be used to alleviate the social problems that draw young women into prostitution in the first place . 
  that 's like `` why are you against legalizing weed ? '', 
  `` mexican drug cartels , mostly . '', 
  how exactly is prostitution being illegal help fight human trafficking ? 
  you know , human traffickers generally do n't give a shit about what is legal or not . 
  legalizing prostitution would actually make things better for the prostitutes , because they would no longer need pimps to protect them from abusive customers , because if a customer is abusive or refuses to pay , they could just call the cops . 
   the nationality you are born in can not be changed , so why not make peace with it and be proud of it ? 
  you lost me right there . 
  nationality is not something you are born with , because it 's a completely artificial concept . 
  race , ethnicity , gender , eye color are things you are born with and can not change ( although transexuals might disagree , but i do n't really consider that as sex change , just mutilation , but that 's another unpopular opinion for a different day ) , but nationality is nothing like that , it 's completely artificial . 
  take a hungarian kid born in hungary , from hungarian parents , give him to a british couple , never tell him he was adopted , and i absolutely guarantee that kid will never think anything of hungary and hungarian will sound as gibberish to him as it sounds to any non-hungarian . 
  this exact sort of thinking made european countries fight wars with each other and become irrelevant in the face of the us , russia , china , maybe soon even brazil , india etc. 
  none of these countries are homogenous , people from new york are very different from people from alabama , muscovites are very different from siberians , people from eastern china are very different from people from western china etc. 
  yet this shit somehow only poses a problem for europeans . 
  the greek and roman empires did n't give a shit about these sorts of differences when they expanded , yet they made way more contributions to humanity than the europe of the middle ages , which was split up into even more small and insignificant countries than it is today . 
  i 'm fairly right wing when it comes to economic issues and immigration , but i consider nationalism to be one of the most retarded ideas ever . 
   bosnia and herzegovina is n't a sustainable country . 
  it 's basically made up of two countries which hate each other . 
  why do n't they simply split up ? 
   but the european union is trying too hard to be like the united states . 
  i 'd be cool if the eu was trying too hard to be like the us , the problem is , it 's currently trying too hard to be like the ussr , with germany being the eu 's russia . 
  would you also agree that an individual 's voting power should be based on how much taxes he pays to the state ? 
   basically , you 'll never have a tesla motors , space x , apple , google , microsoft , or amazon in europe . 
  heck you 'd be lucky to get something that is at the level or yahoo ... that 's simply because the eu is a single market wanna-be , but in reality it 's 28 different markets . 
  then there 's the problem with higher taxes and bureaucracy . 
  not only will europe never have anything compared to google , but it wo n't even have anything comparable to russian services like vk or mail.ru , if we continue down this path . 
  - how many esperanto speakers are there in the eu ? 
  - how many qualified esperanto teachers are there in the eu ? 
  - how much information is available in esperanto ? 
  ( books , films , documentaries , science papers , software etc. ) ? 
  yeah , no thanks . 
  english is a language that 's already spoken by most europeans , there are tons of qualified teachers and the vast majority of useful information is already available in english . 
  esperanto is simply useless in practice . 
  why ? 
  the why is not really important at this point , the thing is , most information is already available in english and there are tons of people who already speak it , so it would be much easier to teach everyone english than any other language . 
  i do n't believe in machine translation , in order to make it actually work properly you 'd need ai with human like intelligence , that 's able to comprehend context and subtle nuances . 
  we are many decades , if not centuries away from anything like this , so at this point , the best thing we can do is make everyone learn english . 
  you can be openly homosexual , you can watch porn and brag about it , you can travel to any eu country ( also , a bunch of non-eu ones like norway , switzerland , serbia etc. ), 
  without a passport , you can have sex without having to marry the person if you get caught , you can cheat on your wife and not get crucified , you can open a bank account as a woman , you can openly mock religion etc. 
  yet europe is somehow still stuck in the middle ages . 
  please tell me , what does `` modern '' mean in your view , because if europe is n't modern , i 'm pretty sure absolutely no country on this planet is . 
  i do n't know about that , for me it was easy to learn english because i watched cartoon network and fox kids a lot when i was a kid ( back in the 90s they were n't dubbed in romanian ) , so by the time i was in first grade i already spoke decent english . 
  in high school , we had like 4 hours of english per week , i did n't really learn anything , because at that point , the stuff we were studying was too easy for me . 
  the teacher hated me , because i would never pay attention in class or do my homework . 
  i still got straight 10s at every test though . 
  german on the other hand was a whole different story , i started studying it in the 5th grade , but it was a constant struggle . 
  throughout high school , i was lucky to have an ethnic german classmate , most of us were incompetent at german , so he would sell us homeworks and translations to the texts in the textbook . 
  he would charge 2 lei per homework and auction the place next to him whenever there was a test . 
  once , he got 100 lei from a guy who was desperate to pass the grade . 
  fucker made a lot of money with this shit . 
  apparently not , or at least they do n't take it seriously enough . 
  good luck finding an english speaker in hungary , for example . 
  if that fracking project is important for the country 's energy security , it 's not like a village of 1000 is going to stand in the way of it . 
  you expropriate them whether they like it or not . 
  that 's actually quite a stupid idea . 
  easy there hitler . 
  yeah , fuck you too . 
  - the eu should become a federation if it wants to stay relevant in the world . 
  that includes a common immigration and defense policies . 
  - english should be studied as a second language , from the first grade , in all eu countries . 
  - weed and prostitution should be completely legal . 
  i also think that non-european immigrants and asylum seekers should be screened thoroughly before they are allowed to enter the eu , but that 's not exactly an unpopular opinion . 
  you should n't trust anything that bleeds for five days and does n't die . 
  i 've always associated the word cocalar with someone who shows off in poor taste . 
  cocalari are usually working class dumb fucks who have made some money by working/stealing abroad , but there are also some rich cocalari , [ victor micula ] ( https://i.imgur.com/p9wo2pl.jpg ) being a very good example . 
  the article was updated after i posted it . 
   this fucker has an israeli name wtf yeah , because he is israeli . 
  that sounds awfully similar to what leftists argue whenever some migrant does some violent shit . 
  `` they are desperate , tired , they come from violent war zones etc. '', 
  what amazon has n't managed to do with billions of dollars and an army of employees , the silk road managed with a few shady characters . 
  in romania , it was basically easier to buy illegal drugs through the silk road than it was to buy legal shit through amazon.de . 
  the romanian education system can be summarized quite easily : it creates monsters . 
  in romania , the left-right line is pretty blurred . 
  the two largest parties are currently the national liberal party and social democratic party . 
  the liberals claim to be pro-business and the social-democrats claim to be pro working-class and pro-welfare . 
  in reality , both are funded by businesses and voted in by mostly poor people , so they both try to sattisfy both businesses as well as the people , usually with disastrous consequences . 
  [ this was his date ] ( https://i.imgur.com/aatxgem.jpg ) , right there . 
   and if i had one i 'd get a japanese car anyway why ? 
  some people say japanese cars are more reliable but german cars are pretty good as well imho . 
  my family is all german cars since i can remember . 
  i used to drive a 2006 audi a4 from 2010 to a couple of months ago . 
  it had 130.000 kms when i bought it , i drove like 100.000 kms myself , no major issues . 
  i currently have a 3 series from 2011 , 140.000 km , no problems at all so far , but i 've only driven it for about 2 months so ca n't give a definitive verdict . 
  my dad drives a 2004 vw passat , which he bought new , 11 years later it 's still almost as good as new , although i have to admit , he took care of that car like it was his own child . 
   but seriously now , tobacco is the best option . 
  yeah , i was thinking about that too . 
  i also thought of switching myself from factory cigarettes to pouch tobacco , because i tried quitting a few times and it did n't work out . 
  i would spend less money and also smoke less , because you actually have to make the cigarettes yourself . 
  the obvious question though - is this legal ? 
  i know romanian customs never check you when you 're coming from hungary , but i consider myself a fairly unlucky person , so i can already see myself trying to explain a boot full of pouch tobacco . 
  why did he get a mercedes c-klass ? 
  like , every other car in albania is a mercedes , it 's like the dacia in romania . 
  why not get.a bmw or audi ? 
  you can find one for less , my neighbour sold his 2003 c-class for $ 3500 . 
  even at this price it took him some time to find a buyer , because no one wants to buy a car with a 2.5 l engine these days . 
  i had like 1.300.000 , i already exchanged some 340.000 to buy an iphone and pay for some other crap . 
  i do n't want to waste the rest , so i 'm trying to find something that would be cheaper in hungary than in romania and also desirable , so i could resell for a higher price ( like maybe clothing , fragrance , tobacco etc.
