  the soviets tried really hard to convince moldovans they were different from romanians and to a large extent actually succeeded . 
  stalin basically deported or executed anyone from moldova who knew any history , brought a bunch of slavic and asian people and thus , modern moldova was born . 
  in the 1930s , the soviets even came up with a cyrillic alphabet for `` moldovan '' , to convience moldovans that they speak a different language from romanians . 
  moldova reverted to the latin alphabet in the late 80s , but the cyrillic alphabet still remains in effect in transnistria . 
  even so , despite the fact that in its declaration of independence the official language of moldova was romanian , in the 1994 constitution the official language was named moldovan . 
  between 2001 - 2009 the communist government was hard at work trying to convince everyone that moldovan was different from romanian , even google.md had `` moldovan '' language as an option . 
  the bullshit only ended in 2013 , when the constitutional court of moldova decided the language should be called romanian . 
  this did not convince everyone though , as even today , some 38 % of moldovans consider they speak moldovan ( this is actual census data ) . 
  in conclusion , as with most european countries , it 's complicated . 
  the reality is that , currently , romania and moldova are very different from both the socio-economic point of view , as well as the cultural one . 
  modern romanian culture is heavily in influenced by the west , while moldovan culture is still heavily influenced by russia . 
  note : sorry for any errors , i typed this on my phone . 
  actually , only 56 % of the moldovan population are `` moldovan '' . 
  this data is based on the 2004 which was modified by the commie government . 
  with the current census , 56.8 % are moldovan , and 23.2 % are romanian . 
  i think it 's 2015/08/02, 
   by the way , do you think it has anything to do with the presidency of klaus iohannis ? 
  no , iohannis is n't doing shit . 
  most news even remotely related to iohannis are about how his wife dresses . 
  the only credit one can give him is for not interfeering with the anti-corruption fight , other than that , he 's either pretty incompetent or does n't give a fuck . 
   congrats to iceland btw , blonder than everyone else except the swedes . 
  the swiss have even more . 
  yeah , except for the parts where it reminds you of the intro to a russian amateur porn movie . 
  i think if they were really trying their best , they would have hired some professionals to make that video . 
  after all it 's a hotel , and quite a big one , too . 
  i hope this does n't give any ideas to law makers in romania , most police officers here could probably be declared legally retarded . 
  at least you 're not paying $ 200m for a mega-church ... 
  no , i 'm not . 
  guess i could be proud that my country is n't a total shit hole and it could be worse , but it could also be better . 
  main reasons i 'm not proud of my country : - i 'm not proud that the government , corporations and people do n't respect the environment . 
  corporations cut down forests , the government allows them because corruption , and the people have a barbecues and never pick up their shit , or litter from trains , cars , do n't properly recycle etc. 
  - i 'm not proud that our education system is going down the drain , students humiliate teachers , 15 year olds participating in gang bangs , rape being considered `` surprise sex '' , most people under 20 are n't even able to write or talk properly . 
  - i 'm not proud that our media is always promoting the shit of society , which contributes to the education crisis , they promote a lot of whores , idiots , gangsters , even murderers . 
  - i 'm not proud of how we conduct our foreign policy . 
  there 's too much here to sum up in one comment . 
  - i 'm not proud that a loud minority who does shit in europe makes a bad name for all of us . 
  it took me like 30 seconds just to realize what `` mt '' was . 
  yeah , they should have written the full damn names . 
  europe is , in general , much safer than the us . 
  unless you look and act like a super stereotypical tourist , it 's unlikely you 'll have your shit stolen . 
  mice , squirrels , rats and monster rats . 
  25 % and falling . 
  let 's not forget he had 45 % at presidential elections . 
  the media can back him , but they ca n't stop him from making a fool of himself . 
  if here were 4 grenade attacks in my city in under a week i 'd probably be scared shitless . 
  if this has become the new `` normal '' , europe is basically fubar . 
   am i supposed to be offended that a german sells some nazi fridge magnets and that whoever manages merkel 's facebook did n't feel the need to censor that one photo when they posted dozens of photos from that event ? 
  after all , those photos are about attendees not about merkel 's views . 
  imagine if the situation was that , it would have been a global shitshow . 
  so yeah , it 's normal for people to be offended by things like these . 
  well , traian basescu did more or less the same thing with the moldovans , but unfortunately for him , most moldovans did n't give a fuck about him after they saw themselves with a romanian passport . 
  also , orban 's policy is a bit retarded , since romanians who have ancestors in transilvania can easily get hungarian citizenship . 
  i personally know a few romanians who can barely say a phrase in hungarian and have hungarian citizenship ( they mostly use it to get to the us without a visa ) . 
  to me , orban seems more like a clown , however , that 's not to say clowns ca n't be dangerous . 
  jobbik on the other hand , seems much more dangerous . 
   an example : the current romanian pm is trying to pass a new fiscal code , and he 's been insinuating that anyone who opposes it is an agent of foreign powers . 
  ponta talks shit all the time , i doubt anyone is taking him seriously at this point , not even his stupid party . 
  most educated hungarians in romania speak romanian well and have no problem integrating in whatever romanian city . 
  the problem is with the uneducated rural bunch who are very susceptible to this type of propaganda and support retarded extremists like csibi barna which creates tension between the communities . 
  in rural areas , the only times one hears about romanians and hungarians getting together for a common cause is when they want to beat up some gypsies . 
   i wonder how would the romanians feel if they one day wake up without transylvania . 
  or the slovaks if their country disappeared . 
  yeah , only this did n't happen yesterday , it happened nearly 100 years ago . 
  not many people alive today have even been born while transylvania was a part of hungary . 
  also , there are currently like 5 million romanians living in transylvania and only about 1 million hungarians , why would you even want it ? 
  after participating at the summer university `` tusv\u00e1nyos '' , organized in baile tusnad , romania , the hungarian pm posted a series of phots from the event on his personal facebook page . 
  among the photos were insignia of greater hungary and `` szeklerland '' , an area comprised of three counties in central romania , that is unrecognized . 
  the romanian ministry of foreign affairs promptly responded :  unfortunately , only one day after he made an appeal for pragmatism and said he was in favour of an efficient romanian-hungarian relationship , the hungarian pm viktor orban decided to post images portraying symbols of greater hungary and szeklerland on his facebook account the romanian foreign ministry also mentioned :  the fact that mr. orban has personally promoted these revisionist symbols is completely unacceptable and goes against the principles of the treaty of understanding , cooperation and neighbourhood policy between romania and the republic of hungary , signed in 1996 , the declaration regarding the cooperation and strategic partnership between romania and hungary in the 21st century , signed in 2002 , as well as the romanian constitution . 
  unfortunately , afaik , this is still the case now , the only difference being that it 's a bit harder for them to leave romania in the first place . 
  if they manage to illegally cross into a schengen country and get caught , i still think they would send them back here . 
  there are solid reasons why this is most likely not going to happen : - the economic gap between romania and moldova is even larger than the gap that was between east and west germany . 
  east germany was twice as poor as west germany , moldova is 4 times as poor as romania . 
  also , west germany was an advanced and powerful , stable economy , romania is not . 
  if the two countries would unite , romania would collapse because of the huge deficits . 
  - moldova has a breakaway region ( transnistria ) and an autonomous region ( gagauzia ) . 
  both are totally incompatible with the romanian constitution . 
  it is also very unlikely that the constitution would change , because then the hungarians would also want autonomy , which is pretty much romania 's worst nightmare . 
  - most moldovans simply do n't want to unite . 
  you basically have the almost 50 % which are pro-russian and would probably organize huge protests against unification , then you have the pro-eu people , but not even all of those would vote for unification . 
  romanians are currently pro-unification , but that 's because nobody has taken into account the economic impact , when people realize their wallets will be hit really hard , many would back off . 
  very unlikely . 
  i bet this is in at least some way related to saakashvili . 
  oh , come on , both of those assumptions are just bullshit , and you know it . 
   anyway this is a bit tangential here . 
  obviously what he 's saying is `` hands off politicians , focus on rapists '' . 
  one thing surprising is that he so blatantly and deliberately ignores separation of powers , is n't that going to be heavily criticized ? 
  he is already heavily criticized , him being a blatant asshole is n't anything new . 
   also , i was wondering , is there a new generation of non corrupt politicians that might be able to replace this shady bunch ? 
  not really , that 's why they 're still in power . 
  when he came to power , ponta was actually considered to be part of that `` new generation '' . 
  turned out he was just as shitty as those before him . 
  honest , smart , reasonable people generally avoid doing politics here . 
  it wo n't . 
  while the whole country is supportive of the victim , most of the locals support the rapists . 
  one guy wrote on his facebook page that `` it was n't rape , it was surprise sex '' and another said `` they do n't deserve 5 years of prison for 5 minutes of pleasure . 
  we want the duration of the punishment to be the same as the duration of the pleasure ! '' . 
  welcome to vaslui !, 
  i 've tried searching for statistics , but , apparently , the vaslui county police avoids publishing data like this like the plague . 
  however , if you watch the 5 o'clock news and there 's some rape , half the times it 's going to be vaslui . 
  yeah , vaslui has always been the rape capital of romania , this is nothing new .
