  that 's true . 
  the pension system is n't sustainable as-is , people defrauding it only make things even worse . 
  well , currently , erdogan gets pretty much whatever he wants from the eu , all he needs to do is mention opening the flood gates . 
  the eu could solve this relatively easily , but the real solution would make eu politicians look bad , so they choose to have turkey do their dirty work . 
  but is n't it curious how most of russia 's friends are either in kleptocracies ( like moldova , ukraine ) , half-baked dictatorships ( kazakhstan , belarus ) or full fledged dictatorships ( north korea , cuba , zimbabwe more recently ) . 
  the only relatively successful country where many people still look up to russia is serbia , but that 's mostly because many serbs are still butthurt about nato , but even so , the country is mostly flirting with the eu , not with russia . 
  why are n't there significant number of pro-russians in the baltics , poland , czech republic , romania ? 
  the current flag was adopted by popular vote ? 
  that 's interesting , i mean considering the flag is objectively ugly as fuck , regardless of political opinions . 
  in other news , the sky is still blue , water is still wet and russia continues to ignore any agreements , including those russia itself signed . 
  the eu lets even turkey fuck it in the ass , it would be very surprising if it did n't bow down to the us . 
  1919 never forget . 
  imho , the first step would be to get rid of merkel and her toxic policies . 
  then , the eu should start thinking about solving the problems that really matter to the people : create jobs , reduce the huge income gap between member states , make laws that really help small business owners and encourage them to do business across borders , resuscitate schengen , fix the euro etc. 
  is n't this the guy who said there were too many white men on the transport for london board ? 
  anyway , zac goldsmith seems like a bit of a dick tbh ( and not because he 's a jew , i 'm a jew myself ) , not surprised he lost . 
  that 's actually incorrect , istro-romanian is not actually romanian , it 's considered a dialect of romanian , but after hearing it , i would say it should be considered its own separate language , because its not really intelligible . 
  big deal , in romania there are a couple of thousand villages without electricity and even more with no running water . 
  big four ? 
  come on , let 's be honest here , the only eu countries with real power are germany , the uk and maybe , just maybe , france . 
  the rest are , as we say in romanian , `` pielea pulii '' . 
  there 's no country which provides the same opportunities everywhere . 
  you give tulcea and galati as examples , which are some of the poorest regions , good that you do n't give vaslui as an example . 
  where i live , in the western region , business is booming in all counties ( timis , arad , bihor ) , except caras-severin , which until recently was held hostage by sorin frunzaverde 's mafia , but now that he 's gone i think there will be significant growth there as well , especially in tourism . 
  movies are never dubbed in romania , only subtitled . 
  is this some kind of a joke ? 
  i mean , i understand gchq wants to make it easier for themselves to access your private and company data , but why do they have to act retarded about it ? 
  who in the world would be so stupid to actually believe this shit ? 
  since when does the gchq give a shit about usability , who the hell do they think they are , apple inc. ? 
  - using simple passwords is a terrible idea , because they can be cracked with a dictionary attack within a matter of seconds . 
  - using the same password for different services is also a bad idea , because if just one of your accounts gets hacked , the attacker will have access to all your shit . 
  you do n't need unique passwords for all of your accounts , but at least unique passwords for all the accounts you care about ( email , banking , facebook , google , apple , dropbox etc ) . 
  - never changing your password is also a stupid idea , because once an attacker obtains your password , you might not even know it , and that attack vector stays open forever . 
   the greeks of today inherited ideas and philosophies from their ancestors . 
  the entire western world inherited ideas and philosophies from the ancient greeks , it does n't make modern greeks special in any way . 
   but , actually , it 'd be cool for you to tell me why you think modern greeks are n't related to ancient greeks ? 
  for how many years was greece an independent state in the last few thousands of years ? 
  let 's be honest here , modern greece is basically the christian version of turkey with some albanians thrown in for good measurement . 
  there is simply no legitimate reason why modern greeks can lay claim on ancient greek heritage but macedonians can not . 
  i did n't say anything about germanic roots . 
  `` germanic '' includes quite a lot of peoples . 
  i mentioned strictly english , because americans speak english ( unlike modern greek who speak a closely related , but different language than ancient greeks ) . 
  anyway , there 's less than 10 % of americans with english roots , probably the same percentage as modern greeks with ancient greek heritage . 
  well , bucky barnes ( sebastian stan ) is actually romanian , so obviously he was asked if he was like a vampire . 
  so what if they share a similar culture and language , the us and england also share a similar language and culture , that does n't make americans english though . 
  also , regarding culture , tell me some similarities , pls do n't say that ancient greeks were eating gyros with tzatziki sauce . 
  we do have a multitude of 24/7 corner shops , but no 24/7 7-eleven type stores . 
  really wish we had something like that . 
  in romania there are very few smart businessmen and lots of really dumb ones . 
  what happens normally , one or a few smart ones identify an idea while they read an article , travel abroad or surf the web and they bring it to romania . 
  if it 's a good idea and it makes money , then all the dumb ones start copying it until it is n't profitable anymore . 
  just one example , from the fast food industry : kebab and shawarma . 
  you can find that shit literally everywhere . 
  if there 's a town with more than 1000 residents , chances are there 's at least a place that sells kebabs or shawarma . 
  want to get a burger , a good sandwich or a hotdog ? 
  well , though luck , unless you live in a bigger city with has all the international fast food chains , you 're stuck with kebab and shawarma . 
  other examples are betting agencies and casinos . 
  there are so many unexploited potential businesses , because all the so-called `` businessmen '' are busy chasing the bubbles which are about to burst . 
  now , of course , capital is important and most people do n't have access to a lot of it , even if they have great ideas , but not all great ideas require a ton of capital . 
  my first business was in high school , it required zero capital and zero bureaucracy . 
  i did n't make a lot of money , but it was still enough that i never had to ask my parents for money and to have more money than all my classmates . 
  do n't bullshit yourself , greece is n't iceland , it has been subjected to many invasions , many transplants , many migrations , albanians , vlachs , slavs , gypsies , turks etc. 
  one could argue that modern greeks are as related to ancient greeks just as much as macedonians are . 
  one word : speculate . 
  because romania sits somewhere between the first and the third world , business ideas that are already making millions in the us and western europe need a year or two before they reach romania . 
  just to give some examples , when westerners were already making big bucks from social media consulting , romanians were still talking about seo . 
  when western web designers were already embracing html5 and responsive , mobile first designs , romanian ones were still working with flash . 
  neither becoming a social media consultant , nor becoming a web designer requires a lot of money or intelligence . 
  but these are just examples . 
  to make money in romania , you do n't have to do much , just steal an idea that already makes big money in the west , adapt it for romania and have fun counting the money . 
  it 's not hard to make money in romania if you 're willing to think outside the box ( and i do n't mean illegal stuff ) . 
  having an 8 to 4 job is not a realistic option if you want to make a decent living . 
  low wages are good for the government , because it keeps unemployment under control and also for employers , because it keeps their costs down . 
  they 're obviously not good for the employees themselves . 
  that being said , if you 're a bit smart and willing to think outside the box you can easily make ron 5000 - 10.000 per month , which allows for a very good living standard , your only nightmare is going to be the tax man . 
  well , in moldova 's defense , it 's not as dirty and disgusting as india , so they have that ... 
  i do n't know about denmark , but in london , if you get your bike stolen , it 's most likely a british born crackhead . 
  also , regarding serious crimes , i feel much safer in timisoara than in pretty much every major european city . 
  i heard horror stories about people getting car jacked on the motorway in hungary by gypsy thugs , but never in romania . 
   this was 10 years ago though , maybe things changed since . 
  umm , there was no census 10 years ago , it was 5 years ago , and the one before that , 15 years ago . 
  although i agree with you , bitch refused to write me off as an atheist too , she wrote me as christian orthodox , i feel like this was a conspiracy by the orthodox church . 
  in 2021 i wo n't be so polite though , i wo n't let the bitch get out of my house until she writes what i tell her to write . 
  yeah , go on with your attitude of being a `` human being and a swede '' . 
  i remember not so long ago , a romanian tv station made a documentary about the romanian gypsies in sweden and in front of the romanian reports they admitted they posed as poor and stole and said if they did the same shit in romania they would `` rot in prison '' , but in sweden they do n't have any problems . 
  [ here are all those `` poor beggars '' from across europe when they come back to romania . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbfhyiyh8qe ) shocking , is n't it ? 
  i 'm basing it on [ this ] ( http://adevarul.ro/news/eveniment/ilie-dinca-in-romania-2000000-romi-1_50ad498f7c42d5a663924d12/index.html ) . 
  this guy puts forward a way more realistic number than the census . 
  the census data for both ethnicity and religion is completely useless , even if they went to a fucking gypsy tent and the head of the family said they were romanians , hungarians or germans they had to write whatever the guy said , no matter how obvious it was that he was full of shit . 
  hell , just look at celebrities , how many gypsy , non-manele celebrities admit they are gypsies ? 
  afaik , only two , connect-r and nicole cherry . 
  andra , ruby , alex velea , \u0218tefan b\u0103nic\u0103 jr. , mihaela radulescu are very obviously gypsies , but they never admitted it . 
   also there are szeklers ( usually ginger or blonde or black haired ) speaking hungarian , refused to have their own schools in their primary language , they ca n't do official things in hungarian . 
  just to prove you 're full of shit : [ the subject for the 2015 baccalaureate ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gkunucp.png ) [ random school ] ( http://i.imgur.com/avgp10n.jpg ) [ sign at the entrance of timi\u0219oara , romania 's third largest city ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jtkadr7.jpg ) [ the town hall of sf\u00e2ntu gheorghe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i2qvvpy.jpg ) [ random police car from harghita county ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ujgn1qx.jpg ) [ random street sign ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3zex8qp.jpg ), 
  come on , let 's be honest here , if gypsies were `` well integrated '' , jobbik would n't have half the support it does . 
  if anything , hungarians hate gypsies way more than we do . 
  at least we do n't have neo-nazi skinheads going on gypsy-beating cross country trips . 
   less than 2-3 % that 's the official number , in reality it 's more like 10 % . 
   romania does n't seem to do much about it .
