  yeah , except , if you do that , you 're going to have a bunch of international organizations , ngos , governments and every single leftist on your ass . 
  i would suspect it 's rather difficult for a woman who normally is n't allowed to even go out for a walk without her husband/brother/father to survive such a brutal trip . 
   and making them easier to catch . 
  the problem is that hungary does n't want to catch them , it wants to stop them from coming . 
  if they catch them , then they have to support them , which costs a lot of money , it 's much easier for hungary to just let them go to where they 're going once they 're in , just so they become somebody else 's problem ( just as greece allows them to go to macedonia , for example ) . 
  probably more often than you 'd think , it just does n't get reported as often as male on female or male on male rape . 
  so i wake up every day at 7 , work my ass off , meanwhile some asshole who probably snorts coke and fucks bitches all day can make half a million bucks by sending an email . 
  oh , the world we live in !, 
  yeah , our rail infrastructure is shit , likely the worst in europe . 
  i ca n't really tell from the extremely low quality of the video , but that looks like the us to me . 
  as a a romanian who worked in multiple eu countries and the us , yes , i have considered moving out , especially since there 's lots of unwarranted prejudice against romanians nowadays . 
  however , it would be a tough decision to make , the only realistic options are the us and canada . 
  i do n't want to live in the us , so that only leaves canada . 
  it 's still a tough decision , it 's very far away , so i wo n't be able to visit my family and friends as often , the immigration process is quite long and i would probably need to learn french as well ( i think it 's a rule for immigrants ) . 
  yeah , the gendarmes are n't helping either , most of them are chuck norris wannabes , i remember an interview with one gendarme , he said he loved the adrenaline when all hell breaks loose at football matches , they ca n't wait to start breaking heads . 
  [ here are some more examples of that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-adhbuo0ay ) . 
  they remind of [ hungarian fans ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vklqkzk9w8 ) whenever they come to romania . 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  there are no russian soldiers in ukraine , they are holiday makers who drive tanks and apcs because there is a shortage of cars in mother russia . 
  all the deaths and injuries are simply road accidents , check the russian road cams . 
  i think that as long as we have huge nuclear stockpiles , some shit will eventually happen , it 's murphy 's law . 
  all it takes is just some psychopath anywhere near that button and we 're all screwed . 
  also , iirc , the probability of an accidental nuclear detonation is about one in a million , which is pretty high if you ask me . 
  well , tax evasion is basically what keeps the economy going in most of these countries , it will probably be very difficult to persuade them to change their ways . 
  putin maybe not , but there are some pretty crazy people in the russian duma . 
   and nato `` only '' additionally pulls in canada , the us , and turkey . 
  in case russia attacks romania most people here see the us as the only capable country to defend us . 
  i think the uk and france would be important as well , but that 's pretty much it , the rest of the eu is more or less a joke when it comes to military strength . 
  just as an example , [ this is how the romanian police handles a similar situation ] ( https://youtu.be/knt-mv14nzi?t=2m34s ), 
  i 'm not saying they should have shot the guy , but the manner in which they acted did n't seem professional at all . 
  you do n't hit a guy with a baton or pepper spray him and then quickly retreat , that 's only going to make him more annoyed and more hostile . 
  if you , as a police officer , are going to make any physical contact with the guy , well you better make sure the next time he stands up , he 's in cuffs . 
  that guy could have been easily restrained by only one or two cops , if they knew what they were doing . 
  lol , finnish police are epic pussies . 
   once you close the schengen borders and install border checks again , there will be zero motivation for us to continue spending money on that and we will just do what greece , macedonia and serbia does . 
  i think the guy is talking about closing external schengen borders , not internal ones . 
  just stop importing western cars already , see how long before a coup happens . 
  that 's still expensive considering you could buy one in some third world shit hole for about $ 30 . 
  well , i always like to look at the bright side , our vampire girls suck us like no other . 
  bears , wolves , black widow spiders and especially vampires . 
  stray dogs also used to be pretty dangerous , but nowadays their numbers have been reduced significantly and deadly attacks were rare to begin with . 
  or it could be better , south korea for example was a total shithole 5 decades ago . 
  i think it 's kinda retarded to take people who work and put them in jail where they are supported with taxpayer money . 
  i think it would be much better to just fine the people who hire illegals . 
  i do n't think you can make such long term predictions and expect them to be even remotely realistic , we 're talking about 35 years . 
   this means war ... this extreme rights movements want war , we shall declare war on them . 
  i think extreme right wingers would benefit most from such a war . 
  if there will be war in europe , it will mean refugees fleeing war wo n't have any reason to come to europe anymore . 
  of course not everything can be blamed on immigrants , but as you can point out , europe has enough problems already , and illegal migrants are n't helping to solve these problems , they 're making them worse . 
  if italy is overwhelmed with hordes of migrants who arrive on boats and then start causing problems , crime skyrocketing , movements like `` sharia4italy '' start popping up , how do you think the problems of unemployment and corruption will be solved ? 
  did you just call your own country a shithole ? 
  we can blame them all we want , if the system is n't changed so that they wo n't be able to abuse welfare , they 'll just keep coming . 
  they will , everything has its limit , let 's just hope something will be done until it 's too late . 
  the funny thing is that the romanian guy , ioan niculae , is currently on vacation in the rahova prison facility , where he is trying really hard not to drop the soap . 
   mine once told me that the latin and all other alphabets were derived from the cyrillic alphabet . 
  it takes a special kind of idiot to make such a claim . 
  [ neo nazis are n't always so tough ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpjgh_rzry4 ), 
  can someone explain to me what are the advantages of a monarchy over a more modest republic ? 
   if you ride a bike drunk , you mostly endanger yourself yeah , i still do n't want your blood on my car though . 
  there are many reasons one would n't want drunk cyclists : - being involved in a deadly accident is still a shocking and ugly experience , even if it 's not your fault . 
  - cyclists do n't have insurance , so if you 're dead / ca n't afford to pay my repairs , i 'm fucked if i only have insurance for third parties . 
  - even if you do pay for my repairs , there will still be a period of time i wo n't be able to use my car . 
  - you can still hurt pedestrians , especially children , or other cyclists . 
  i wonder when they 'll move in to ban all that depraved russian amateur porn . 
  jokes aside , i do n't think we can blame this one on putin , it says moscow city authorities , there are some local authorities in the eu as well which are n't the brightest people ever . 
  yeah , except those people went there to actually work and help build america , not sit around on welfare . 
  i also doubt there were many terrorists hiding among european immigrants . 
  criminals , probably , but no psycho terrorists . 
  the secret police would usually beat the shit out of you if you talked shit about the government , but not kill you . 
  there were some people ceausescu killed ( or at least tried to kill ) , but these were major dissidents working for rfe in west germany . 
  of course , those were still crimes , but he did n't kill thousands . 
  in fact , most crimes he was accused of were related to the revolution , but there is little evidence that he was even fully aware of the situation , let alone order the army or securitate to shoot at people . 
  in fact , the main reason he was not given a proper trial was so that the real criminals could get away . 
  none of the so-called `` terrorists '' who shot civilians during the revolution were ever caught . 
   do you feel ashamed or something like that and/or do you feel proud ( we ruled the seas , etc ) not from a country that had any colonies , but i do n't know why i should feel ashamed or proud for what some of my ancestors did to other people 's ancestors . 
  i know that 's what you meant , i did n't actually mean it when i called you a sick bastard . 
  yeah , stand trial and then be imprisoned in a super humane prison , nothing like the horrors his victims went through . 
  oh , and not to forget , every single day in prison will be paid for by the generous taxpayer . 
  but even that it 's wishful thinking , because in the actual real world these motherfuckers will only get caught after committing some terrorist attack on european soil . 
  no man , fuck that , prison is supposed to rehabilitate people , it is unreasonable to assume isis fighters could ever be rehabilitated , they will only contribute to radicalizing other muslims in prison . 
  they should be exterminated , i do n't care if they get shot , stabbed , burnt , hacked or fucking crucified , but they should die before they even have chance to return to europe . 
   imagine if someone at one end got an electric shock you sick bastard !, 
  romania also had the death penalty , those 47 who were executed were mostly murderers and not just any kind of murderers , but the really horrific kind , like ion rimaru . 
  i do n't see any reason for belarus to execute 6 times more people than communist romania , despite being half the size , in terms of population . 
  removing all life wo n't fix climate change , that one is happening regardless of humans ( or other life ) . 
  these people are real heroes , they deserve respect , unlike moldovans who keep whoring to one side or the other . 
  well just to make a quick comparison , during ceausescu 's dictatorship ( 25 years ) , 47 people were executed , take into consideration romania had a population of 23 million back then . 
  during lukashenko 's dictatorship ( 21 years ) around 250 people were executed ( exact numbers are n't even known ) for a population of less than 10 million . 
  this by no means is a painting of the entire picture , but still shows that lukashenko is probably more willing to kill than ceausescu was . 
  the situations in moldova , georgia and armenia were different from what is happening now in ukraine . 
  there are some similarities , but what is happening now in ukraine is quite unique . 
  yeah , not to mention belarus has an even shittier army than ukraine . 
  i think the first requirement to even be considered for eu membership is to be a democracy , so belarus fails from the start . 
  another fundamental problem is that belarus is a member of both the cis as well as the eurasian customs union , both memberships being incompatible with the eu . 
  do n't forget ceausescu became good friends with west after the invasion of czechoslovakia as well , but inside the country he created a north korean style personality cult . 
  lukashenko 's no angel , he just needs better relations with west so that the belarusian economy does n't go to shit . 
  the eu and us never wanted to deal with lukashenko , but now it 's more important for them to fuck putin in the ass , even if it means they need to make friends with people like lukashenko . 
  that 's really a problem between israel and the palestinians , israel builds settlements -  arabs from gaza fire rockets -  israel bombs the shit out of them , it 's an endless cycle , but not really a threat to europe . 
  israel is also a democracy unlike all other countries in the middle east . 
  yeah , that 's why mentioned they were legends/myths .
