  both factions are simply pro-money . 
  moldova has been rulled by so-called pro-eu politicians for 5 years and it 's still a member of the cis , go figure . 
  the pro-eu faction in moldova has been just as effective as ukraine 's government between 2005 and 2010 . 
   tbh i like to throw the `` christianity used to '' stuff around christianity used to do a lot of shit back in the day , but this is the fucking 21st century , even our orthodox taliban , who are the lowest of the low , they gather up to kiss the remains of 300 year old corpses , they still would n't do anything remotely like this . 
  in western europe , maybe , but not here , and i do n't want them to become a thing , one more reason to be against merkel 's and juncker 's stupid quotas . 
  i do n't doubt this the slightest , also , the autonomy thing in the car computer is a joke , it once said i can go 200 km more , after driving 80 km , it said i was left with 50 km and desperately searching for a gas station to not run out of fuel in the middle of nowhere . 
  it was an uphill road to be honest , but still . 
  well , seems we 're pretty close to portugal , i often see people from portugal asking about moving to romania on the / r/romania , and not rich people who want to start a business , just normal folk , looking for normal jobs , like $ 600-1000 per month . 
  you sound pretty retarded for an atheist tbh . 
   why do we need a leper colony if leprosy is 100 % treatable with antibiotics ? 
  well , all the inhabitants are cured , but they chose to stay there , because they are old and probably have nowhere else to go . 
  it will probably become abandoned in a few years when all the remaining inhabitants ( like 19 of them ) die out . 
   they were also forbidden to move around and had quite a few `` no-go '' areas marked on maps for them . 
  for example they were n't allowed to go to the public swimming pool during a heat wave where the thermometer reached 38 \u00b0 c. 
  i think that 's normal , until they are verified as legit refugees , i think it 's normal to be some restrictions in place . 
  sure , it sucks when you ca n't go to a swimming pool when it 's very hot , but if they are really refugees , they have been through much worse . 
  yeah , but i mean if she could file a lawsuit against the police , for refusing to act . 
  i mean the police are supposed to enforce the rule of law , no matter if the criminal is a native german , a refugee or a fucking martian for that matter . 
  when police ca n't or refuse to enforce the law , the government becomes redundant and people will start taking the law in their own hands , which usually ends up badly . 
   an arab refugee greeted him with `` salam aleikum '' ( `` freedom be with you '' ) salam means peace , not freedom afaik . 
   when she went to the police to file charges against the refugees she was told that the refugees were n't settled in germany and accustomed to germany . 
  they maybe thought u are a nazi and wanted to defend themselves . 
  could she file a lawsuit based on this ? 
  this is disgusting , and i thought romanian police were shit ... 
  umm , nope ... 
  yup , they 're actually kissing [ this shit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fjxjidy.jpg ) . 
  [ this guy . 
  [ at least they are n't queuing up to kiss some dead guy 's remains ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a6yaqgz28u ), 
  it 's the lyrics of `` i just called to say '' written in inaccurate hungarian phonology i.e. 
  no nujuszdej is supposed to sound like stevie wonder saying `` no new year 's day '' . 
  this one seems decent , but i do n't know how the fuck `` tu szamoureju '' is supposed to sound like `` to celebrate '' . 
  lol , that does n't even look like an accurate phonetic transliteration , i would like to hear someone reading that shit . 
  i can tell the there 's a thick russian accent even though i do n't speak norwegian . 
  10 pm gmt i assume ... 
   women are on average decidedly not beautiful , i guess all the better looking ones went abroad . 
  the thing is , usually those aged 18-21 are insanely hot , but after that age they tend to get married , have kids and stop caring about how they look . 
  so , i agree , the vast majority are not beautiful , but those in that age range typically are . 
  they are also very easy to get , all you need is to be a good bullshitter , if you are a good liar , you can easily get them to take your dick in their mouth within a matter of hours . 
  another one of their greatest weaknesses is the romanian accent , if you can speak romanian with a romanian ( non-moldovan ) accent , you instantly get them wet , regardless of their political views . 
  a lot of moldovan women have told me i have a sexy voice , but no romanian woman told me that , so i 'm pretty sure it 's the accent . 
  unfortunately , this can not apply to foreigners . 
   safe ? 
  because i generally like the idea of travelling to cheap places , if safe . 
  i 'd say it 's reasonably safe , but i 'm quite a big guy not afraid to get into fights , even with slavs , so i might be biased . 
  moldovans like to drink , a lot , arguments can get heated , especially if they think you 're hitting on their girlfriends . 
  driving around in an expensive car dressed sharply is a knife with two edges , on one hand you attract a lot of attention from hot females , but on the other hand you can attract unwatted attention from the mafia as well . 
  imo you should neither dress like a hobo , nor like a rich western businessman . 
  something in between should be fine . 
  also , do n't drive around in the newest bmw or range rover , even though you will see a lot of such cars , they belong to politicians , mafia and other well connected individuals , so the criminals do n't dare to steal them , but you do n't have such connections so you might become a victim . 
  another point , you should not , in any case , look gay . 
  if you look gay , you will attract the attention of gopniks who will want to fuck you up just for fun . 
   how would i talk ? 
  i speak a few words russian , is that useful ? 
  although there are some english speakers , most , even students , will generally speak only romanian and russian . 
  in addition to that , many people have worked in italy , so they speak italian . 
  some women speak turkish , but in 99 % of cases , if they do speak turkish , they are former/current prostitutes . 
  if you only speak a few words in russian and are not slavic , i recommend you learn some romanian before you go there , romanian is much easier to learn for non-slavs than russian . 
   for example in kiev , ukraine , 70 euro a night , i.e. 
  the same price as a totally unremarkable hotel in germany got me into the cosmopolite , a five star hotel decorated with legit avant garde artwork , the kind of place that has a pianist in the bar . 
  i felt like a prince . 
  and in that top class bar , i drank the best vodka , nemiroff lex , and it costed $ 1.5 a shot which is ridiculously cheap . 
  i do n't recommend you stay at hotels in chisinau , unlike kiev , chisinau does n't really get a lot of tourists , most foreigners are there for business , so hotels tend to be quite expensive for what they offer . 
  a four star hotel costs like $ 100 per night , for example . 
  instead , what you can do , is rent a vip apartment for a third of that price . 
  you 'll still have luxury conditions , but no maid . 
  you will , however , need a moldovan guide to make sure you do n't get ripped off . 
  moldova is not exactly a tourist friendly country , you can still feel like a king on a budget , but only if you have insider info , so having an english speaking local guide would probably be the best option . 
  because brexshitters are like those fanatic soccer fans , very passionate , but not very intelligent . 
  do you think i could make money by selling `` fuck gema '' t-shirts in germany ? 
  i thought your gas prices were so high because they use the money from the gas tax to maintain the infrastructure , is n't that true ? 
  as for motorway tolls , it depends what kind of toll system , if it 's time based ( i.e. 
  a flat tax per week/month/year ) to use the entire motorway network i think would be ok , but distance based toll systems , like in italy or france are something that i am strongly against . 
  can someone please explain why germans still vote for merkel and her party ? 
  only a decade ago , german infrastructure was seen as legendary by us , romanians , today , not such much , maybe only by people who have n't been to germany in the last few years . 
  personally , i think even hungarian motorways are better than german autobahns these days . 
  it 's embarrassing , merkel and her cronies are spending billions on so-called refugees , while the legendary german infrastructure goes to shit . 
  putin doing what he knows best , basically . 
  i should have never started . 
  i tried quitting many times , but as soon as i think i 'm successful , some fuck-up happens in my life which prompts me to go back to it . 
  you are very optimistic if you think just germany would veto it . 
  if the uk left the eu , it 's likely it would want to impose restrictions on workers from poland , lithuania , romania etc. 
  if britain would try to kick out workers from these countries or restrict access to new people who would want to come work in the uk , how do you think it would play out . 
  romania is thinking about vetoing a trade deal with canada , because canada still requires romanians to have visas , just think what would happen if britain would leave the eu , our government would veto the shit out of any agreement between the eu and uk . 
  most europeans would see brexit as an emotional decision , not a logical one , and it 's naive to think that an emotional decision wo n't trigger an emotional response . 
  polan stronk . 
   budapest is littered with so called national tobacco stores -- they are exclusively licensed to sell tobacco products . 
  oh , yeah , the nemzeti dohanybolt , the reason i stopped at like three gas stations in a row , asked for cigarettes and got the clerks looking at me like i was a complete idiot , until someone who spoke english explained to me about their nemzeti dohanybolt system . 
  the worst part was that the pack had only 19 cigarettes instead of 20 , wtf , it 's like orban smokes one cigarette from each pack . 
   so one example of asshole autobahn cops ( that did n't fine you ) being stopped for absolutely no reason and held there for half an hour is called harassment in my books . 
  i have never experienced this in any other country , not even in hungary , which is quite notorious for shitty cops . 
   and two examples of you ( unknowingly ) doing something illegal ? 
  ok , so let 's say i broke the law by parking in a place where i was n't impeding any traffic and there were no obvious `` no stopping '' signs and also that austrian vignette cameras are so dumb they can only verify you have the sticker if you have it placed in a very specific way . 
  but then , i may asked , why did n't they also tow the cars with austrian license plates that were parked there illegally ? 
  why did they single out my car ? 
  when they stopped me for having the sticker placed `` incorrectly '' , there were also other cars that had their on the right side , why did n't they also fine them ? 
  i do n't have a problem with police being strict , after all , a society where nobody follows the rules is a shitty society , but why are they so strict only when it comes to foreigners ? 
  just because foreigners do n't have the money/time to fight them in court ? 
  we also have romas in the romanian parliament . 
  only 3 , but the number of roma in romania is much , much lower than the number of arabs in israel and is still the highest number of romas in any parliament ( only the eu parliament might have a few more , i 'm not sure ) . 
  as for successful roma artists , we have a whole bunch of them ( excluding manele singers which are pretty much all gypsies ) : [ andra ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ckknbmfmk8 ) [ alex velea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn1uz7gu-oe ) [ ruby ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4tnmk-bw0s ) [ connect-r ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sn9z3kac6s ) [ nicole cherry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb0wg1pbkf8 ) they all have tens of millions of views , so they 're not exactly unknown .
