   and then they will go to romania and try to enter hungary from there . 
  if they come here , the gypsies will leave them pennyless . 
  soon enough , they 'll learn to avoid romania like the plague . 
   assad is bombing their own people and using chemical weapons on them . 
  he 's `` bombing his own people '' the same way poroshenko was `` bombing his own people '' . 
  syria is a clusterfuck with multiple factions fighting each other , of course there are civilian deaths . 
  as for the `` chemical weapons '' thing , i tend not to trust shit like this , especially after the whole saddam 's wmds fiasco . 
   federalism is the worst thing to ever happen to america and europe . 
   enjoy big brother to dictate your life . 
  wait , what does federalism and big brother have to do with each other ? 
  about the same , in romania it was around $ 1.12 today . 
  will i be able to afford a tesla if i work six hours per day for one month ? 
  i have a diesel car , so that would be only around 1.15 euros per liter . 
  i have a diesel car , according to google , the price of diesel in germany is 1.15 eur/liter , which , if true , would be roughly the same as in romania . 
  from romania : hungarian : i can speak some basic phrases and i can curse , hungarian curses are epic !, 
  serbian , bulgarian , ukrainian : i speak some russian so i can understand some words and basic phrases . 
  moldovans speak romanian , so it does n't really count . 
  well , the greek girl was around 21 , so not really a kid , but anyway , i do agree it 's easier for kids/young people to learn languages , but yu do n't have to be proficient in a language to land a simple job . 
  my uncle escaped from romania in 86 ( he was 27 ) , went to austria , applied for asylum and landed a job at a warehouse in less than a month , without speaking any german . 
  now he has an austrian wife , most of his friends are austrian , has his own construction business and lives in one of the best neighbourhoods in vienna , i never saw any immigrants around that area . 
  my uncle was n't really bright , he never had any university studies , he applied for the police academy back in romania , but was rejected at the entry exam , which was one of the main reasons he left . 
  i have quite a few relatives that moved to other countries in europe , including myself for some time , none had any problems landing a job or integrating with the locals . 
  not surprised at all at the statistics for romania , i have friends who have never used a condom in their entire lives and know for sure `` they really suck , you wo n't feel anything '' . 
  a few years ago , i got together with a girl i just met a few hours prior at a new year 's party and she felt `` offended '' when i wanted to put on a condom . 
   i could imagine that it takes people from countries with a completely different alphabet and a completely different culture longer to get to a point where they are able to seek employment even if they are highly motivated to do so . 
  - 10 y.o. 
  japanese kid moved to romania after earthquake + tsunami , 3 years later he won a romanian history contest and got a 9.25 ( out of 10 ) at the romanian language and literature national exam . 
  when i , a native romanian speaker took that exam , i got 9.15 . 
  - greek girl wanted to study medicine in romania , could n't afford the $ 5000/year tax for english courses , so she learnt romanian in 6 months , passed the language exam with 9.32 , then she learnt all the medical terms in romanian and one year later she was admitted to the iasi medicine and pharmacy university with a score of 8.72 . 
  both japanese and greek are very different from romanian , yet these kids proved it can be done if you are motivated well enough . 
  will this stop politicians talking shit about eastern europeans ? 
  guess not ... 
  no , we 're talking about the same thing , ppp is not immune to inflation . 
  yeah only that [ $ 30.000 in 2015 is as much as around $ 21.600 in 2000 ] ( http://imgur.com/ongtbqg ) . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous to assume that hungary today has the same standard of living the uk had in 2000 . 
  better to think it 's awful than to think it 's welfare heaven . 
  yeah , polish is really a weird language , i only know * jak sie masz * and the obligatory * kurwa * . 
   gdp ppp is same as it was in western europe 15 years ago . 
  not really , more like 25-30 years ago , if you use constant dollars for comparison . 
  maybe czech republic and slovenia are closer to western standards , but the rest still have a lot to catch up to . 
  i do n't know about warsaw , but in romania there are tons of kebab and shawarma places from bucharest to the shittiest of villages . 
  in timisoara , most are owned by turks or syrians . 
  austria now officially eastern yurop . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  hold on , need to fuel up my car . 
  germoney , here i come !, 
   she would immediately find a job for the `` average '' salary of 40 thousand usd/year . 
  tbh , landing a $ 40k/year job in the us is not impossible , but of course not immediately . 
  but even so , while $ 40k/year might sound like a lot , it 's not really that much when you start factoring in all the costs of living . 
  when you factor in taxes , a mortgage , health insurance , utilities , car , food , you 're not left with a lot of money at the end of the day . 
   i make about 450-500 ( working student ) after taxes , it 's not too difficult to get by , but could be better . 
  yup , sounds a lot like romania , most students who are renting a flat here have at least one roommate or live with their girlfriend/boyfriend . 
  because we 're fucking paranoid , my father spent like $ 1000 on an alarm system with motion detectors and video surveillance with remote access , even though he does n't keep any valuables in the house . 
  all of this because 10 years ago , some kids tried to steal some shit from his garage . 
  no , it 's not , it 's just that romanian politicians are so used to stealing from the romanian people instead of other countries . 
  yeah , but if paving bricks last longer , it means there will be no reason to repair the sidewalk a few years later , and the `` smart guys '' wo n't be pocketing any new taxpayer money . 
  yeah , but what 's the average wage in vilnius ? 
  in bucharest it 's around $ 760 before tax , some $ 200 more than in the rest of the country . 
   but they had it far worse in the communist era than hungary did while that 's true , it 's not really relevant nowadays , poland had it worse than both hungary and romania and now it 's doing much better than both . 
  bulgaria also had it better than romania until like 1994 . 
   as with most eastern european countries , corruption hits them hard as well , but in hungary stealing eu money became a goddamn national sport with a whole industry built around it . 
  i wish i was kidding . 
  same with romania , the crackdown only started 2-3 years ago and only got very serious since 2014 . 
  we have made great progress fighting corruption , but we still have a long way to go before we bring it to manageable levels , and the progress is not irreversible yet . 
  for example , the mayor of bucharest was taking bribes even after many of his colleagues were already under arrest . 
   please advise what is the average/normal rent in bucharest average rent in bucharest is around $ 350 per month , but that 's not really a fair comparison , because salaries in bucharest are much higher than other parts of the country . 
  in a city under 100.000 people , rents are around $ 100-150 . 
   how much would you pay for a loaf of bread ? 
  around $ 0.30-0 .35 . 
  yeah , but we buy used audis , bmws or mercedes and the germans buy new dacias . 
  so it 's a fair deal if you ask me . 
  unfortunately , if i think about it , the profits from selling dacias actually go to the frog eaters , so not that good of a deal after all . 
  nope , you got it wrong , infrastructure is very important . 
  yes , education is important but so is infrastructure . 
  if your infrastructure is shit , there are n't going to be any investments . 
  it is the main reason why western romania is much more developed than eastern romania . 
  no one wants to build a factory in eastern romania , for the simple fact that it would cost way more to truck all those products into europe because all of the delays , risk for accidents which makes insurance costs way more , shitty roads that take their toll on the lifetime of the trucks etc. 
  most prefer to invest in areas which already infrastructure , like timisoara or arad , which are already connected to the european motorway network ( you can travel from timisoara to lisbon without leaving the motorway , for example ) . 
  i do agree with your point that many infrastructure projects are useless , but that 's mostly because of eu bureaucracy , because if you do n't spend the funds allocated to your country fast enough , you lose them . 
  i would n't envy romania if i were you . 
  hungary is at least 10 years ahead of romania in terms of infrastructure , you have half our size and more than double our motorway `` network '' . 
  we could n't even build a motorway to connect the black sea to the hungarian border , for fuck 's sake !, 
  some crappy back streets getting a facelift with eu money is nothing in terms of national infrastructure , really . 
  not really , it 's more like a `` we do n't want them , they do n't want us , so we 're fine '' kind of thing . 
  it also works as a deterrent for romanians who want to go to the western countries , because many think western europe will eventually turn to shit because of all the muslim immigrants . 
  unfortunately for you guys , gypsies are still not deterred by muslims . 
  the average is around $ 3.4 per hour gross , but the average in retail is much lower . 
  it of course sounds like peanuts , but one must take into account the cost of living in romania is significantly lower than in other eu countries . 
  that war raging on in kosovo , damn !, 
  afaik , lidl has the highest salaries in the romanian retail market , starting from around 2000 lei per month gross , so around 1400 net . 
   because of this , i think it 's unlikely they would also stop at a processing centre outside the eu . 
  if they do n't , then just catch them when hey get to europe then dump them in some third world country . 
  if they want to come here , they must first learn to respect and follow rules . 
  rules are one of the main reasons europe is not a shithole like the countries they come from . 
  at this point , i want to say something good about the hungarian police , but then i remember they 're the most corrupt assholes i 've ever met in my entire life , so yeah ... 
  at this point , i think some muslims shout `` allahu akbar '' even after they finish taking their morning shit , so not really surprised . 
  only problem is when they start coming back as `` refugees '' . 
  i think the guy is a troll . 
  the difference is indeed mindblowing , unfortunately , they do n't maintain this shit , when they renovated my street back in 1999 it looked like it was in germany , now it looks like russian tanks rolled over it . 
  how do you know it was all done with eu funds ?
