  your arguments just prove you do n't know shit about romania . 
   these conditions are absolutely deplorable - far worse than what any palestinian has to go through . 
  oh , you mean conditions like [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bnjecqh.jpg ) ? 
  ah , sorry , that 's not some roma slum , it 's the city of lod , israel . 
  so i guess all those illegal settlements and demolitions are all part of israel 's war on terror ? 
  yup , makes total sense ... also , i 'm jewish myself ( ethnically , not religiously ) , but it 's a bit ballsy to talk about human rights abuses of other countries when you 're coming from israel . 
   israel has a robust and successful arab community . 
  are you sure the arabs share that view ? 
  i 'm curious what the arab community in lod , for example , would have to say about how successful they are . 
   not surprising , especially when you consider their treatment of the ~ ~ roma ~ ~ ** palestinian ** people . 
  this is not a country that gives much value to human rights . 
  oh , the irony ... 
  business here in timisoara is booming , the gdp per capita is second only to bucharest , lots of expats , motorway connecting us to europe , [ shopping city just opened ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxqek9rylpe ) , [ openville ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3kkamut4gg ) is due to be complete in a couple of years etc. 
  if romania had joined schengen in 2011 like it was supposed to , i 'm sure we would have overtaken bucharest in gdp per capita . 
  well yeah , but what about poland , czech republic , hungary , romania et co. ? 
  the only things that changed were the political system , some flags and other symbols . 
  all the countries were already republics since the end of ww2 . 
  imho , the only countries that should be branded 15-30 years old should be ex-ussr and ex-yugoslavia . 
   is that so ? 
  police brutality is rarely in the news , even though that would be prime clickbait for left leaning media outlets . 
  i 'm not talking about brutality , this is still europe , not the us . 
  just a few personal examples : - i was driving around schwechat when a police car gets in front of me and pulls me over . 
  they give me no reason for the stop , one guy asks for my papers and the other guy asks me to open my boot . 
  i had some shopping bags in boot and he proceeds to search through them , messing up all my shit . 
  the other guy starts taking a look at my tires ( i guess to see if they were too used up or something ) . 
  then he says he needs to do a check to make sure my insurance is valid . 
  all in all , i lost almost half an hour for nothing , the fucks were just looking for a reason to fine me . 
  when they did n't find any reason , they just let me go , did n't even apologize . 
  - the first time i went to austria , i bought one of those stupid , hard to remove toll stickers and placed it on the right side of my windshield , as i 've seen it placed on other cars . 
  next thing you know , asfinag filter . 
  guy tells me my sticker is invalid because it has to be placed on the left side of the windshield ( for some reason he could n't tell me , guess it was a state secret ) and says i have to pay like 200 euros right away or i 'm not allowed to leave . 
  - 2 years ago , driving around vienna , looking for a parking spot . 
  saw a bunch of parked cars and assume it 's legal to park there . 
  when i return , surprise , surprise , my car had been towed and all the cars there that had austrian license plates were untouched . 
  http://i0.wp.com/jimmysbook.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/countrys-age-in-the-current-form.png wait , what ? 
  why is germany colored like its 50-75 years old in current form while eastern europe is colored like it 's 15-30 years old ? 
  austrian people are not racist , austrian cops on the other hand are basically scumbags when it comes to `` auslanders '' . 
  this will probably get worse if a far right party takes power . 
   christian kern basically came out a few ago and said his party 's old ban on co-operating with the fp\u00d6 is `` outdated '' ( i believe that was the phrase he used , feel free to correct me ) . 
  typical politicians , they do n't want to be associated with unpopular parties , but they change their opinion as soon as said party becomes popular . 
  nothing spectacular tbh . 
  well , he really is a moron . 
  berlusconi was a moron as well , but at least he was funny . 
  if your employer is willing to replace you with an unqualified immigrant who barely speaks any english just because he is willing to work for less , sorry , but it means you have a shit job . 
   that 's not the same . 
  in those cases they sign you to stop because your tyre is flat or something like that and they even stop to help and grab things from the backseat , while you are checking your tyre . 
  i did n't know this trick is still in use . 
  oh , yeah , i know these tricks too , nowadays they are usually at the shell gas station after you cross into austria ( nickelsdorf ) where everyone stops to get their toll stickers . 
  they wait for you to go in and then they puncture your tire . 
  i 'm a big guy and i always give them the `` just touch my car and you 're gon na get really fucked up '' look and they always back off . 
  no , i 'm talking about gypsies pulling next to you ( usually on the m5 ) , flashing a fake badge and a gun , pulling you over and actually robbing you or just taking your car altogether . 
  however , pretty much all of these stories are at least a decade old , the last one i heard was from my driving instructor . 
   what i saw was not a risky overtaking . 
  the romanian guy wanted to teach a lesson and almost hit the scooter with the right back corner of the lorry . 
  the scooter had to leave the pavement to stop safely . 
  maybe it was just simple road rage , like in [ this case ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36k6z36uare ) . 
  very common unfortunately . 
   regarding the bad driving part : at least in hungary yes , romanian drivers are more agressive than the italians ( or anyone else except the germans ) both on the mo , m1 , m5 and route 4 . 
  it 's almost looks like they are convinced that they are driving on enemy territory , however most of the hungarians just does n't care the romanians . 
  well , tbh , on m0 at least , i do feel like i 'm on enemy territory . 
  everyone seems to be driving aggressively there , and if you dare to go on the passing lane , you immediately get some bmw/audi/porsche tailgating you . 
   regarding the bad driving part : at least in hungary yes , romanian drivers are more agressive than the italians ( or anyone else except the germans ) both on the mo , m1 , m5 and route 4 . 
  it 's almost looks like they are convinced that they are driving on enemy territory , however most of the hungarians just does n't care the romanians . 
  oh , lol , the m7 is the one that goes to balaton , right ? 
  wonder what he was doing there , if he had no idea where he was going . 
  regarding the fear of being robbed part , i know there are a lot of stories which circulate around here about romanians being stopped on the motorway by gypsies and robbed/carjacked . 
  i do n't know if there 's any truth to them or just urban legends , but many are going to germany to buy cars and usually have a shitload of cash on them so they get scared easily . 
  what a shit article . 
  they do n't even mention how exactly she died ( i assume suicide ) and just point to something she wrote two freakin ' years ago . 
  teenagers commit suicide all the time , maybe it was just some stupid shit like breaking up with her boyfriend , but they immediately jump to the conclusion that it was bullying , more specifically * racial * bullying . 
  well , regarding scooter riders in hungary : before there was the m43 between nadlac and szeged , you would have to go on that road that went through villages and everything and was crazy congested . 
  it was almost impossible to overtake anything as there was pretty much always some car or big ass truck coming from the other side . 
  there were also lots of scooters , so it would get pretty annoying when you 'd get stuck behind one of those scooters going 40 km/h , so people would often do risky maneuvers to overtake them . 
   and it kinda shocked me when i saw other nations , even the ones that share our latin or ( smaller ) slavic parts having a hard time learning how to pronounce certain words or sounds . 
  for some reason , westerners seem incapable to learn romanian . 
  i saw interviews of americans , belgians , dutch , british that have been living in romania for years , they were speaking like someone from kindergarten . 
  italians generally do speak decently , but they often fuck up the grammar and seem incapable of pronouncing the \u00ee / \u00e2 sound . 
  arabs generally learn quickly and speak well , but have strong accents . 
  ironically , the people i met who best spoke romanian were slavs , i was talking with this russian guy and i could n't believe him when he said he only came to romania 4 years before , he was basically indistinguishable from a native speaker . 
  what ? 
  i always get the impression they drive too slow ... 
  seriously though , if you think romanians are bad drivers , it means you have n't driven in italy ... 
   also i saw one ambulance on the emergency run and cars were moving aside to let ambulance to pass through and again i compared this to belgrad where u dont see this to happen . 
  yeah , timisoara is a bit more civilized because it was part of the austro-hungarian empire . 
  during communism , there were lots of transplants , especially from oltenia , so the civilization level went down , but it 's still not as bad in bucharest ( hint : cars in bucharest also do n't move to give way to emergency vehicles and they often drive illegally on bus lanes and tram tracks ), 
  same as gypsies . 
  fucks never fight one on one . 
  if you beat up one of them , they always threaten to return with their 7 brothers . 
  cowards !, 
  i thought aircraft carriers were for offense , not defense . 
  not many immigrants go through romania though . 
  the ones who try are almost always apprehended right at the serbian border . 
  nevertheless , we should build a fence as well , just in case . 
   if you want to see something amazing and at the same time irrational you should visit stra\u017cacka street in karpacz . 
  focus your attention on any object , like car , ball or a bottle lying on the ground and you will see those objects rolling up the hill instead of down the hill which is obviously a disturbance in gravity . 
  some people say it is a great example of an optical illusion but no scientific explanation got confirmed so far . 
  anyways , if you are in karpacz you should check it out yourself . 
  yeah we have at least 4 such places in romania , nothing special . 
  omg , i almost had a god damn stroke from all the laughter . 
  i wonder how it must feel for the poor guy to be called a gaylord by non-satirical press .
