  also pretty sure macedonians do n't call their country macedonia , it 's makedonija or some shit like that . 
  yeah , because macedonia , with 20 % of greece 's population and less than 2 % of greece 's military spending could surely annex parts of greece . 
  you want examples of neighbouring countries ? 
  moldova has the same name as the romanian province , yet we do n't feel the need to call them fsrm , nor do we feel threatened by them . 
  i have updated my comment to use a more pc term . 
  hope you 're happy now . 
  greece is acting ~ ~ retarded ~ ~ intellectually challenged with this whole `` naming dispute '' , it 's not like a place 's name can be copyrighted , the country of georgia has the same name as the us state and there are a ton of us cities which have the same name as famous european cities ( athens , moscow , rome , vienna , berlin , paris etc. 
  ) , yet no one gives a shit . 
   large denomination bills are a bad idea , especially as the technology for counterfeiting money gets cheaper and cheaper . 
  counterfeiting is a bullshit argument , the chances of receiving a fake euro note are extremely slim , like there 's one fake note for every 100,000 real ones . 
  also , the notes most often counterfeited are the 20 and the 50 , not the 500 or the 200 . 
   they 're not getting rid of 100 euro bills in the foreseeable future . 
  you can still buy a house in cash if you so choose , you 'll just have to carry 5x more bills in your suitcase . 
  if foreseeable future for you means next 5 years , then yeah , they wo n't be getting rid of them 5 years . 
  will the 100 euro note still exist in 10-15 years ? 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  also , why should i carry 5x more bills in my suitcase , i thought the eu was supposed to be pro-environment / s. 
   also , it 's not governments encouraging use of electronic payments , it 's private banks . 
  because they get a cut from every debit payment . 
  i said `` governments and corporations '' . 
  for banks it 's a no-brainer , of course they always want to make more money . 
  governments , on the other hand , they want more control and surveillance , and electronic payments are an excellent tool to help them with that . 
   chip and pin , which has been standard for at least 15 years here , is secure enough . 
  and in case of a dispute it 's up to the store to prove that it was n't a fraudulent transaction . 
  the card holder 's name , card number , expiration date and cvv2 are pretty much everything that 's required to make an online transaction . 
  all of this data is stored by merchants and payment processors . 
  if there 's a data breach , hackers get access to all of that . 
  companies often avoid disclosing data breaches , because disclosure is not exactly in their best interest , which means you wo n't even know about it to cancel your card . 
  online transactions do n't require a pin . 
  atm skimmers with cameras attached to them to record the pin are n't exactly anything new . 
  if someone said back in the 1970s when western countries started decriminalising homosexuality that in less than 40 years there would be gay marriages and adoptions , most proponents would also said that 's a slippery slope . 
  it 's not , the tendency by governments and corporations to get rid of cash is there , of course it 's not going to happen all at once , it 's going to happen slowly , first by removing large bills , then placing limits on cash transactions , then encouraging merchants to only accept electronic payments etc. 
  by the time the ecb will want to remove the $ 100 and $ 50 notes from circulation , they would have already become useless , just like the $ 500 note is today . 
  just look at your neighbouring country , sweden , cash is pretty rare there already . 
  it 's the number of guns per 100 people , not the number of gun owners per 100 people . 
  maybe you have many gun collectors . 
   after watching this are you satisfied with results ummm , no . 
   just this movie , as i 'm pretty sure it is n't like that in general in romania , or is it actually it is . 
  people here are generally too scared / do n't care to intervene when such a crime is committed . 
  the cops do n't care very much either , the apartment next to mine is owned by a german guy who comes here a few times a year and basically every single time beats the shit out of his 17 year old daughter . 
  he smacks her against the walls and shit , every time i get the feeling the entire building is about to collapse . 
  i called the cops on him a couple of times , the first time they gave him a fine for 500 lei ( around $ 112 ) and the second time they just told him to `` beat ( his ) daughter more quietly '' because he was `` annoying the neighbours '' . 
  i gave up on calling the cops after that . 
  that should n't have stopped them from calling the cops though , in the end only the couple on the bikes and the guy with the ice cream wanted to call the cops . 
  there 's a big problem with romanians not intervening when they witness a crime , not just domestic violence , but other crimes as well . 
  it 's like we have the highest number of cowards per capita or something . 
  it 's one of the reasons the country is going down the drain . 
  i agree , but value is related to usage as well . 
  2013 was the year when the silk road collapsed and also the year of the snowden revelations . 
  this got many more people interested in bitcoin and that 's why its value increased so dramatically that year ( from less than $ 20 at the beginning if the year , to more than $ 1000 by late 2013 ) . 
  so , actions like this and governments trying to limit cash transactions is the reason i think bitcoin will continue to grow in the future and become more mainstream as an actual currency , not just an investment . 
  i personally have some plans for a bitcoin based business , but i 'm holding out until it becomes more popular in my country . 
   if they had to be replaced with 100 and 200 euro notes , 1 840\u00a0678\u00a0626 notes would have to be used . 
  the thing is , they do n't want to replace the $ 500 notes with $ 200 and $ 100 notes , they do n't want to replace them with anything , they just want people to use credit/debit cards and other forms of electronic payments more , so their transactions would be easier to track . 
  yeah , it 's uncommon because as soon as you pull out a 50 or a 100 , cashiers will start looking at you the same way european cashiers look at someone who pulls out a $ 500 bill . 
  fortunately , in most of europe , $ 50 and $ 100 notes are still quite common , i 'd even go as far as to say i 've seen more $ 50 notes than $ 20 ones . 
  [ the same social experiment done in romania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbrefojalic ), 
  personally , bitcoin was the best thing that ever happened to me , i suck at doing business , but i made almost $ 60,000 profit on a $ 1000 investment back in 2013 . 
  i think crypto-currencies and vpns are the things people should invest in right now , because they will only continue to grow unless governments back down on mass surveillance . 
  yeah , paying with card is all fun and games til your card details end up on some russian carder forum and all you 're left with is a worthless piece of plastic and a metaphoric dick in your ass . 
  if you know so much about the slippery slope fallacy , then i 'm sure you also know about the overton window , do n't you ? 
  i agree , a dollar more spent on bmws and porsches is a dollar less spent on tanks and nukes . 
   you just do n't sell to shitty people hans . 
  ah , the irony . 
  the us also sells shit to russia . 
  also , unlike bob , hans is quite reliant on russia , especially if he does n't want his balls to freeze in the winter . 
   romanian reads like a really drunk italian . 
  we also think italian sounds like a gay version of romanian . 
  only as much as turkey is part of europe . 
  cheer all you want , but these things are simply meant for governments to have more control over the population . 
  sure the $ 500 note is not used very often , but have you actually tried paying for something with a $ 500 note ? 
  half of all merchants do n't even accept it and the other half looks at you like you 're some kind of criminal . 
  sure , there are criminals using it , but there are also people who do n't like / trust banks , and this affects their freedom . 
  today it 's the $ 500 note , but as soon as they get rid of it , their going to put their crosshairs on the $ 200 and $ 100 notes . 
  soon enough , you wo n't be able to buy anything more substantial than a loaf of bread with cash . 
  in romania , we already have a daily limit of 5000 lei ( ~ $ 1100 ) on cash transactions ( though there are some exceptions where the limit is 10.000 lei ) and i suspect the limit will only be lowered in the future . 
  electronic transactions are convenient , for sure , but it also means you have less control over your money , as the bank or government can freeze your accounts at any time . 
  less control over your money simply means less freedom . 
  but there are 5 euro notes . 
  they did try that , did n't go too well , you know , it resulted in wars and genocide and shit . 
  they have one of the highest unemployment rates in europe ( i think even higher than greece ) , i doubt they 'd be down for that . 
  i live in timisoara and it 's much cheaper for me to fly to london than it is to fly to bucharest , so definitely doable . 
  maybe journalists finally decided they do n't want to put their lives on the line anymore , so they simply go with the party line ? 
  most of the press in russia is owned by the state nowadays anyways . 
  also how many journalist murders from previous years have actually been solved , resulting in people being put behind bars ? 
  give me one example of a fsu country which has successfully integrated russians . 
  in moldova for example , integration has been even worse than in estonia , despite the fact that there are fewer russians in moldova . 
  the problem is with the russians , not the estonians , they view themselves as the alpha society and consider that everyone else should adapt to them , not that they should adapt with everyone else . 
  just look at russia proper , they have fewer people who can speak a foreign language than pretty much every other country in europe , even france . 
  while i also do n't agree with a unification right now , like the nationalists want it , i do think there should be a gradual unification over the long term ( i.e. 
  15-20 years ) . 
  i think this would be beneficial for both countries , for moldova because investment from romania would gradually improve the standards of living , as well as for romania who would become a much more important regional actor . 
  also , with a gradual unification , the work to solve moldova 's problems would be split between both countries , unlike an immediate unification , where romania would suddenly have to deal with a bunch of big problems at once . 
   but rather them wanting everybody to let them have a try at ruling their own country . 
  i honestly do n't think moldova is even capable of being an independent country . 
  it is currently pretty close to a failed state and will remain this way until it gets annexed by someone ( either romania or russia ) . 
  heck , i think transylvania would stand a much better chance at being a successful independent country than moldova ( not saying that it should be independent from romania ) . 
  moldova simply does n't have a separate well contoured identity to be an independent country . 
  stephen the great is the national hero of moldova . 
  he is present on every single moldovan banknote and they have built a ton of statues depicting him , but stephen the great is also a national hero of romania and he was first cousin with vlad the impaler .
