  but it 's also not feasible to say `` you can not buy sex '' . 
   something that you are n't trafficked or forced into . 
  even to this day , people are trafficked and sold into slavery . 
  did developed countries solve the problem of slavery by making work illegal ? 
  of course there are many women who are trafficked or forced into prostitution , but that 's mostly because it 's illegal , which means it 's also unregulated . 
   it 's definitely not normal work , for sure . 
  how do you define `` normal '' work ? 
  laws should be against crimes which affect other people . 
  if i kill someone , that person is the victim , if i steal something , the victim is the owner , if i vandalize public property , the victim is the state . 
  if i pay a prostitute for sex , who the hell is the victim ? 
   and we really need to ask ourselves if we as a society want to allow our ( mostly impoverished ) citizens to sell their bodies for money . 
  that is your own subjective opinion , it 's ok for people to have sex for free , but it 's not ok for them to sell sex ? 
  that 's like saying it 's ok to cook food at home , for free , for your family , but cooking for others , in a restaurant , for money is not ? 
   i think it 's humiliating and violates human dignity . 
  you know what 's even more humiliating and violates human dignity even more ? 
  living in poverty ... yeah . 
  also , not every prostitute does it because of poverty , there are many who come from middle class backgrounds and charge hundreds of euros per hour . 
  they do it because it 's easy money , because they like sex or because both . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure many young women , if offered enough money , would easily become one-time prostitutes . 
   every time someone tells me that it 's just normal work and it 's personal liberty and so on i ask them to do it for a week and tell me their experiences , nobody has taken me up on my offer yet . 
  would you clean shit from public toilets for a week ? 
  i know i would n't , that should n't make it illegal though ... 
  the same thing can be said about athletes or models . 
  let 's make modeling and professional sports illegal as well then !, 
  you have 11 , because the first two are actually just one commandment . 
  the 4th , regarding the sabbath , basically says `` do n't work on sundays , worship me instead '' , so still retarded . 
  commandment 5 sounds decent , but what if your mother or father are abusive pricks ? 
   thou shall not commit adultery  if you dont try to enforce it on others it doesnt harm well , you can enforce the `` do n't kill '' and `` do n't steal shit '' rules , so why not this ? 
  this commandment is also shit . 
   thou shall not covet aka `` do n't want shit that ai n't yours '' . 
  what 's the point of the `` do n't steal '' rule then ? 
  this basically leaves us with 3 good commandments and 7 which are either retarded or redundant . 
   such as ` dont kill ' ` dont steal ' yeah , except those rules were common sense long before christianity came along . 
  not to mention these are just two commandments out of the original ten , not even the first ones , all the others being completely retarded . 
   we live in a time where the availability of various food outweighs the loss when some of it has to be thrown away . 
  yeah , that 's why some people search the dumpsters for food , not to mention people from other parts of the world who die of hunger ? 
  this is about food that would go to waste otherwise . 
  how retarded do you have to be to make that statement ? 
  that really depends , here in romania we have prostitutes for every pocket , from street prostitutes who would fuck for a cup of coffee or a pack of cigarettes on non-busy days , to fashion models who charge $ 1500 per night , to virgins from moldova whom you can deflower for $ 10.000 . 
  yeah , [ i already mentioned that . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hjkac/why_decriminalising_sex_work_is_a_good_idea/cu82uo9 ), 
   it 's ok for the millions of poverty-stricken eastern europeans to leave for western europe , but it 's not ok for other people ? 
  bulgaria , the eu 's poorest country , has a gdp per capita which is at least 4-5 times that of the countries where most of these migrants arrive from . 
  it 's like saying , if poor moldavians and oltanians are allowed to move to bucharest or timisoara , why should we not allow people from syria or the congo to move there as well ? 
  spot the problem ? 
  if poland , romania and bulgaria were as fucked up as countries in the middle east or africa , you can be certain you would still need a visa to visit london or paris . 
   that includes probably 80-90 % of romanians . 
  you pulled those numbers out of your ass or something ? 
  there are almost 6 bilion people in the world who live on $ 10 a day or less . 
  no matter how you look at it , immigration is n't going to end global poverty . 
  the people coming to europe are actually the ones who are better off , because someone living on $ 2 a day would n't be able to pay thousands of euros to a trafficker to bring them here . 
  brasov , i think it 's the most beautiful city in transylvania . 
  cluj-napoca and sibiu seem to be grossly overrated , especially with foreigners . 
  bucharest is also extremely overrated , both with romanians , as well as foreigners . 
  yeah , except there 's usually a huge difference between how things should be and how they actually are . 
  the fact that people are treated differently is not the cause of the problem , it 's the effect . 
  when two sets of people have very different values and cultures , they will treat each other differently . 
  of course , the finger usually gets pointed at the majority , but if gypsies/palestinians were the majority in romania/israel , do you really think they would treat romanians/jews any better ? 
   when asked if they were unhappy with life as a whole , just one out of every 100 youngsters in romania said `` yes '' , compared to one in 14 in england . 
  if this shows anything , maybe it shows children in romania are among the most dishonest . 
  i remember when i was in the 9th grade , like 15 years old , they came with a survey , asking us things like wether we masturbate or have sex , according to that survey , everyone in my class was a virgin and never touched their penises or vaginas . 
  romanian children tend to answer questions like these in a way they think would make them look good , even if the surveys are anonymous . 
  they do not reflect reality in any way . 
   four in ten look forward to sex on holiday , with women ( 42 percent ) slightly prevailing over men ( 40 percent ) in this respect . 
  can confirm , from personal experience . 
   if someone are a romanian citizen then i do n't make the distinction between a romani and a romanian . 
  that 's exactly like saying there 's no difference between a palestinian living in israel and an israeli jew , for example . 
  gypsies are very different from romania , they are orthodox and can speak romania ( although badly ) , but that 's where the similarities pretty much end . 
  they have their own culture , their own language , their own customs etc. 
  they even have their own `` legal system '' , which is obviously not recognized by the state , but practiced nonetheless . 
  if a gypsy commits a crime against another gypsy ( even something as serious as rape ) , the victim will rarely go to the police , they usually go to the informal community leader , which attempts to make peace between the offender and the victim 's families , by having the offender or his family pay money to victim 's family . 
  there are of course gypsies that have become integrated with the general romanian population , but you do n't hear about them , because they do n't show up on the 5 o'clock news . 
  in romania , the media is hyped , especially after hungary started building a fence at the border with serbia , which means many migrants will now try to enter the eu through romania . 
  citizens are also concerned about the threat of terrorism , however , politicians have had a really weak reaction , if any at all , like the problem does n't even exist . 
  even extremists are keeping with their usual talks about hungarians and gypsies , which are so last decade . 
   but as long as the wealth difference between say germany and moldova is as it is , you will have a lot of women being trafficked , a lot are gullible and are baited with lies . 
  not only women from third world countries are being trafficked , yes , they are the most vulnerable for obvious reasons , but it 's a problem that exists within the developed world as well , as not everyone from germany or the uk or the us is successful and smart enough to see through the traffickers ' lies . 
  making prostitution illegal , like most ideas originating from religion , is simply retarded . 
  as long as there will be men with an unfulfilling sex life and cash-strapped women , prostitution will continue to exist . 
  even if a country somehow managed to `` clean the streets '' of most prostitutes , a part of those sexually frustrated men would start resorting to rape , which i believe we can all agree is much worse than prostitution . 
  yes , there are many problems related to prostitution , like sex trafficking , pimping , abuse by customers , stis and so on , but you wo n't solve these by keeping prostitution illegal . 
  not even decriminalising is enough to solve these problems , only legalization can . 
  once sex work becomes legal , prostitutes will have to pay taxes , take regular sti tests , they will be protected from abusive customers or pimps , they can be confined to practicing their business only in certain areas and the state will be able to send inspectors to make sure no one is having to work against their will . 
   i really had to learn romanian when i was 18 and needed a driving licence , i still know the list of rule violations e.g. 
  running a red light , not what they actually mean , just how much points they cost . 
  yeah , except the joke is not very accurate , because you can take the driving test in hungarian . 
   i still have to look up the gender of verbs when i write e-mails and i am living like 7 years now in vienna and still do n't get it . 
  i know hungarians who have lived in romania their entire lives , most of them still ca n't get the genders right in articles and adjectives most of the time . 
  yeah , because everyone really liked the m\u00e9gasujets / s. 
  not to mention every other comment was deleted ... censorship ? 
  what censorship ? 
  this subreddit is called / r/europe , not / r/euroleftistcirclejerk . 
   ca n't help it , this here sub needs a stricter moderation , not some misguided attempt to please the masses . 
  oh noes , people who do n't share my opinions wo n't get censored anymoar !, 
  yeah ... happy cake day btw !, 
  i see , i was asking because i too was part of an exchange project with dutch students back in 2013 , in timisoara . 
  they were cool people , but really scared of gypsies for some reason . 
  of course , when we noticed that , we just had to make things worse by inventing stories about the `` gypsy mafia '' which preyed on foreigners . 
  it scared them so bad , that by the time we sent one of the dutch guys to buy some more beers , he was afraid to even leave the room . 
  not surprising .
