  it might not be much in terms of physical form , but it 's a brand , it 's an outreach to the fans and users , it 's a database of information , and any opportunity that comes with owning this . 
  i 'm not familiar with minecraft , but as far as it goes for whatsapp , i really do n't understand the rationale behind its valuation . 
  sure , it might be big now , but internet services like this come and go , think about how much myspace was probably worth in its heyday , vs how much it was worth when timberlake bought it . 
  i really do n't see how whatsapp will ever make $ 19b in gross income , let alone profit , unless it comes up with some really sketchy stuff , like forcing ads into private messages , or spying on all conversations to make better targeted ads for facebook . 
  also , it is kind of redundant , since its functionality is quite similar to that of facebook 's own messenger app . 
  you can probably get to most capital or large cities in less than 24 hours . 
   for the highway between gradi\u0161ka and banja luka , 2.111 km ( ~ 1.055 $ ) per square-meter of concrete was paid . 
  that 's nothing , for the comarnic-brasov motorway in romania the cost is estimated to be at $ 3.400 per square meter . 
  the title , word by word , is  deputy claudiu manda , head of the psd dolj , to a romanian working abroad : may i stick your d ** k in your mother '' . 
  the title i used is simply shorter , where 's the editorialization ? 
  not going to translate the entire article , but a tl ; dr : claudiu manda ( a socialist mp ) was having a debate with some voters on facebook , regarding the free wifi service available in craiova buses . 
  the debate took a turn when sorin iovu , a romanian working in the uk , called members of the social democrat party `` assholes '' and `` thieves '' and called manda a `` criminal '' ( referring to a 2014 journalistic investigation ) . 
  te deputy called iova `` stupid '' and `` frustrated '' and congratulated him for leaving romania . 
  the incident continued when manda contacted iovu via facebook messenger and the following conversation ensued : claudiu manda : you 're so though from far away . 
  iovu : do you want to meet ? 
  manda : go fuck your mother !, 
  iovu : this is how someone elected by the people talks ? 
  manda : shut up !, 
  manda : i am willing to go down to your level . 
  iovu : oh , mr. deputy , you 're such a peasant . 
  now you 're the one exaggerating . 
  putin is just human , he 's not some sort of god . 
  he will go , sooner or later . 
  if someone had said in early 2013 that putin was going to annex crimea and break ukraine apart , most people would have considered that to be pure fantasy as well . 
  i suppose radical islamists who seek jail sentences so they could radicalize other inmates would not go in full terrorist , but instead get a lesser sentence for something like theft , which would n't really get you inside a supermax anywhere in the world . 
   but it does ** not ** seem as if putin is going to go soon , or be replaced by something better in any case . 
  he basically said the status quo is probably going to be maintained . 
  how is that pure fantasy ? 
  yeah , except in police states like russia ( and to be fair here , increasingly the us and even some yuropean countries ) , constitutions are barely worth the paper they are written on . 
  they are invoked only when it is convenient , but ignored otherwise . 
  after all , putin was the real president even when medvedev was in office , everyone knew medvedev was just a puppet and most were ok with that . 
  the russians got exactly what they wanted , a ballsy leader that would lead them the same way a shepherd leads a flock of sheep . 
  the fact that they are increasingly poorer and losing their civil liberties is not really a big deal , stalin did much worse and even today has a pretty big fanbase . 
  why do they need the constitution when they have putin ? 
  90 % of russians approve him and at least half worship the fuck . 
  officially , romanian uses the normal european name order . 
  the thing is , in most documents people are referred in reverse order for some reason ( i believe mostly for sorting purposes ) . 
  this includes school books , so , more often than not , teachers tend to call students by the way their name is spelled in the book ( i.e. 
  after 12 years of having their name called in the wrong order , some people start to believe it is actually the correct way . 
  however , it 's not and also sounds like shit ( imagine calling someone mr. smith john ) . 
  the website is maintained by a group of activists , not professional copywriters , there are some romanian names who are reversed too ( radu mazare , for example ) . 
  the first name before last name order is the correct one for romanian though ( as opposed to gungarian ) , but i think they chose the last name first name order because that 's how names are referred to in court documents . 
  in romania , gun ownership by your normal civilian is all but impossible . 
  gun incidents are few and far between , even organized crime groups generally fight with knives , swords , axes , rubber bullet pistols etc. 
  which result in injuries , sometimes really bad injuries , but rarely in death . 
  imho , gun ownership would really fuck things up , at least in romania , just imagine the village drunk waving a gun at people , it surely could n't end up well . 
  what did you expect , if you watch too many soap operas , you become a soap opera . 
   this is easy and satisfying . 
  easy ? 
  yeah , it 's easy !, 
  satisfying , on the other hand ? 
  my neighbour is a woman who is exactly this type . 
  she 's in her early 40s , fat as a cow ready for slaughter , she wanted to divorce her husband after she found out he was chatting and sending dick pics to women 10-15 years younger than her ( wonder why / s ) , but quickly dropped the idea when she realized he was the only breadwinner in the house , as she sat on her ass all day , and no other man in his right mind would touch her with a 10 foot pole . 
  of course , the official explanation was that she did n't divorce `` for the sake of the daughter '' . 
  yeah , the daughter ... the 16 year old one she 's been neglecting for at least 7 , who has now seen more dicks than 6 generations of women before her and has tried committing suicide , not once , not twice , but three fucking times . 
  needless to say her entire day consists of watching shit like mireas\u0103 pentru fiul meu , acces direct , m\u0103ru\u021b\u0103 , suleyman magnificul etc. 
  she does n't even waste the commercial breaks , using the opportunity to devour industrial amounts of food . 
  why do ukrainian mps seem incapable of having a heated debate without getting physical ? 
  the last time i participated in such a brawl was in the 5th grade , then i grew the fuck up . 
  if you ukrainian mps think and act like a bunch of 5th graders , i do n't see a bright future for the country ... 
  romanian women simply love shitty drama . 
  in the 1990s and early 2000s , it was latin american soap operas , today it 's about shitty romanian and turkish soap operas , as well as shitty bollywood movies . 
  it really baffles my mind how some people actually enjoy wasting their life by watching such low quality content , instead of taking care of their kids , or at least take care of their god damn bodies by going to a gym or something . 
  bulgaria is the poorest , next comes romania and croatia , which are pretty close ( romania will likely overtake croatia in 2016 or 2017 , unless croatia figures a way to attract a record number of tourists , or romania really fucks up , which is a possibility ) . 
  croatia might look significantly richer than both bulgaria and romania , but looks are deceiving , because croatia relies heavily on tourism , so they have to maintain a good infrastructure and keep their buildings looking nice . 
  the very high unemployment rate gives it away , though . 
  uhm ... because his country is still part of the eu , wether he ( cameron ) or you like it or not . 
  the eu has certain laws and principles which are quite fundamental for the whole thing to work . 
  not saying the eu 's perfect , but between cameron and the eu , i really do n't know which one is worse . 
  moldova is pretty much a failed state . 
  just consider their main sources of income : - people working abroad in countries like russia and the eu . 
  remittances sent by migrants amount to like 20 % of gdp . 
  - human trafficking and prostitution is rampant , especially to countries like turkey , israel and southeast asia . 
  this is somewhat ironic , considering the turks were , historically , moldova 's main enemies . 
  i wonder how stephen the great would feel about his several greats-grandaughters sucking turkish dick for money . 
  - smuggling of cigarettes to romania . 
  - aid from the us , eu , romania and other countries . 
  - wine making . 
  and that 's pretty much it , the economy of moldova summed up . 
  i 've worked with moldovans , and while i can definitely say there are some bright , hard working and dependable individuals , unfortunately most are notoriously lazy and unreliable and many seem almost intellectually challenged tbh . 
  i 've never met a moldovan who was optimistic about the future of their country , but that 's really , quite understandable . 
  [ here is a picture of some gypsies very well integrated into germany ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oy9jxzw.jpg ), 
  well , before that it was about turning private property into state assets , so the exact opposite . 
  yeah , i think they did that for all loyal customers . 
  rds is awesome when it comes to internet , my only complaint is that they do n't offer static ips unless you are a business client ( telekom does that for only 1 euro per month extra ) , but , to their defense , at least they offer free dynamic dns . 
  [ they still do ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gszmyqb.png ), 
  100 mbit is only for cheapos who do n't want to spend the extra 6 euros per month for the gigabit connections . 
  it costs more to get your hardware ready for gigabit traffic ( gigabit router , ssd , powerful processor ) than it is for the actual connection ( which is about 12 euros per month ) . 
  quite a few parts of italy are not that far `` behind '' eastern europe ... 
  romania - turning public money into private fortunes , since 1990 . 
  because it matters if you fail with a 4 or a 1 , because your final average has to be above 5 . 
  so if , for a subject you need two grades , and you first one is a 4 , for the second grade you will only need a 6 in order to pass , but if you get a 1 , then you 'll need a 9 to pass , which is obviously more difficult to obtain than a 4 and a 6 . 
  pretty sure promoting terrorism does n't count as free speech . 
  please , someone tell me , why am i not surprised ? 
  both ukraine and the migrant crisis caught europe with its pants down . 
  we simply ca n't afford to have both russia and turkey on our bad side , especially since our politicians ( looking at merkel and juncker mainly ) seem unable to man the fuck up and do what needs to be done . 
  europe is simply unable ( or rather unwilling ) to control its own borders , so we need turkey and libya to do the dirty work for us . 
  you are so retarded , you actually think you 're the one `` going against the narrative '' . 
  guess what , you are part of the 60 or so percent of romanians who are too stupid to realize that the church does absolutely nothing other than selling bullshit and leeching off public funds . 
  the umbilical cord of these monstrous leeches just had to be cut at some point , it was just that no government had the courage to do it , because it would have meant political suicide .
