  chisinau would probably experience significant growth and investment , but most romanians do not understand the fact that moldova is n't just chisinau , there are areas which are comparable to african nations in some cases . 
  besides the economic problems , there would also be significant social and political problems , the most obvious one being what the fuck to do with transnistria . 
  violent and organized crime is also a much bigger problem in moldova than it is in romania , and i 'm sure no one wants to see romanian criminal groups start hiring moldovan assassins . 
  in the end , i 'd be in favor of a union between the countries , but only on the condition that moldova gets its shit sorted out first . 
  probably quite low , what would be the point ? 
  they 're part of the same political union , have similar economies , no physical borders , same currency , people could from one country could easily move to the other one etc. 
  a union between austria and germany would be symbolic at best . 
  romania and moldova on the other hand are quite different . 
  only in recent years the two countries started cooperating more closely ( like small border traffic permits , romanian emergency service smurd operating in moldova , the iasi-ungheni gas pipe etc. ) . 
  sure , we might share the same language and have similar culture , but we all know that matters least in international politics . 
  it costs next to nothing for someone in romania to call someone in poland or germany , but it costs 30 cents per minute to call someone in moldova . 
  i think it depends , many would probably vote for the union , many probably would n't care , and there sure would be some who would vote against . 
  there was actually some outrage back in 2014 , when a pro-russian moldovan singer got her romanian citizenship and posted on her facebook page `` the romanian passport is just a visa for me , not citizenship . 
  i 'm moldovan and that 's it . '', 
  she was pretty much crucified by the online community for this , even an mp asked for her citizenship to be revoked . 
  in 2009 , polls were probably bullshit , the liberal party of moldova has always been pro-unification and they had more than 4 % . 
  however , i do agree that support has probably increased since 2009 . 
  the only problem is that whenever moldova 's economy goes down the drain , support for unification increases . 
  by the time it reaches 51 % , we 'd probably have to ship food aid to them . 
  that 's also true , but they 're no longer our problem , at least unless they choose to return , then we 're fucked . 
  fortunately , for now , poverty stricken romanians in spain , portugal and italy simply move to other countries , like the uk , germany or sweden , so we do n't have to worry about them just yet . 
  low unemployment does n't automatically mean prosperity , romania has an unemployment rate of ~ 5 % , but if you take into account all the adults who have n't worked in years ( or ever ) and are no longer included in unemployment statistics , the situation looks much worse . 
  yeah . 
  well , at the very least , their strategic interests seem to coincide with ours ( especially central and eastern europe ) which is to keep russia 's slimy hands away . 
  i 'd also like to have an eu military , but i do n't think that 's possible right now , how would it even work ? 
  maybe pl+cz+sk+hu+ro+bg+b altics could form a joint military , because we have similar interests , but the rest of the eu , i kinda doubt it . 
  heck , the baltics should be the first to form a joint military , with separate armies they 're unable to even police their own airspace . 
  the us are n't being ` bros ' , they are just protecting their interests . 
  yeah , it 's the train that goes from iasi to timisoara . 
  it became known as the hunger train after wwii , when poor people from moldova were cramming up inside ( and outside , like you see with indian trains nowadays ) to reach the western parts of the country to escape hunger . 
  although there are no more famine stricken refugees riding it , the name stood , but some people suggested it should be replaced with the name `` horror train '' , because of the conditions inside it . 
  [ this !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ns3vlukq4ou ) naah , just kidding , i do n't know any video that makes me feel really patriotic . 
  in romanian we have curse phrases like `` futu-\u021bi dumnezeu ' m\u0103-tii '' ( fuck your mother 's god ) , `` fut\u0103-te dumnezeu cu cristosu ' scos '' ( may god fuck you with his christ out ) , `` c\u0103ca-m-a\u0219 pe crucea m\u0103-tii '' ( may i shit on your mother 's cross ) or `` futu-\u021bi biserica m\u0103-tii '' ( fuck your mother 's church ) , yet we are the second most religious country in the eu ( after malta ) . 
  it 's common knowledge that serbs in general are weapons used in kebab removals . 
  well , i guess western europe is n't for you then , because they have a lot of non-white immigrants , feminists and pc bullshit is at an all time high . 
  poland is n't for you either , because they just signed some new surveillance law , so no privacy . 
  hungary might work , although i do n't know what 's the privacy situation there , their language is hard as fuck to learn and not many speak english . 
  romania might be a decent choice , but only if you have an it degree , otherwise you 'd be poor as fuck . 
  corsica belongs to germoney . 
  i think it could eventually happen , but now it 's not the time . 
  we should first get around controlling our borders , then fix the euro , then reduce the economic differences between the rich west and north and the poor south and east . 
  as long as someone in one corner of the eu makes $ 10/hour and someone on the other corner makes $ 1/hour working the exact same job , there ca n't be any real federalism . 
  maybe it 's because israel does n't need any new enemies , they have enough already . 
  [ does n't look much better nowadays either ] ( http://storage0.dms.mpinteractiv.ro/media/1/186/3927/14051431/2/cristiana-anghel1.jpg?width=630 ) . 
  yeah . 
  i have n't seen any asylum seeker looking people in my city yet , other than the ones being brought by the border police , in handcuffs , to be interrogated before being shipped back to serbia . 
  i do have brass knuckles , a big tire wrench , a crowbar , a big can of pepper spray , a stun gun and a chuck norris bumper sticker just in case . 
  i have some brass knuckles in my car as well , does it make me a nazi ? 
  [ cristiana anghel ] ( http://www.activenews.ro/uploads/2014/08/cristianaanghel.jpg ) , she looks like an extra from the walking dead . 
  she was a school teacher who became known in 2010 , as she went on hunger strike for 70 days , demanding the government increase school teachers ' salaries by 50 % . 
  her story was promoted heavily by [ dan voiculescu 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dan_voiculescu ) propaganda tv channel , which lead to her election in 2012 as an mp from dan voiculescu 's conservative party . 
  she was basically made an mp by dan voiculescu , who btw , is currently in prison for ten years on money laundering charges . 
  since becoming an mp , she has had zero legislative initiatives , but has been a constant guest of low quality tv channels ( especially voiculescu 's antena 3 ) , involving herself in every possible media circus . 
   you 'd be surprise , demand for those is quite low . 
  yeah , demand is low because they are extremely illegal and very hard to obtain . 
  if they would be sold in lidl stores next to uzi submachine guns on one side , and cocaine bricks on the other , i can assure you the demand would be much higher . 
  i do n't see any mob attacks , just a bunch of idiots running around and screaming and some police ( or security ?! ), 
  guys running after them . 
   by 9pm , three men had been arrested , one for punching a plain-clothes policeman , and another for carrying brass knuckledusters , although all three were released by saturday morning and police said they could not confirm that violent attacks took place . 
  there 's also demand for explosives and nukes , those should be sold on the open market as well , right ? 
  `` destined for collective use '' refers to places like halls , elevators , laundry rooms inside apartment buildings for example , not to private houses or apartments . 
  even if the definition sounds too broad ( as is the case for 99 % of romanian laws , because they are not made by geniuses ) , even the most over-zealous of cops ca n't just enter inside your house to check if you 're smoking or not , because they 'd need a warrant for that . 
   and the definition of a `` closed public space '' is so wide it could even apply to balconies and private homes . 
  i do n't think you understand the definition of the word public . 
  disclaimer : smoker here . 
   find other bars . 
  let 's be honest here , the state first made a law to allow public places to be designated either for smoker or for non-smokers . 
  90 % of bars , pubs , clubs , cafes became for smokers , despite smokers being like 25-30 % of the population . 
  something just had to be done . 
  have you even dealt with a lawyer before ? 
  they do n't give a shit , they 'd defend any client , but only as long as they pay . 
  it 's nothing personal for them . 
  so where 's the nsfw part ? 
  next they 'll tell us it was white neo-nazis dressed as migrants who did it . 
  edit : or better yet , they 'll find some way to twist it and blame it on racism and discrimination :  the migrants have been traveling for months through incredibly harsh conditions in order to reach safety in europe . 
  they are exhausted and traumatised . 
  here , they faced the blatant discrimination of promiscuous german women who would have sex with anybody but them . 
  on nye they reached a breaking point due to the vast amounts of drunk and obviously promiscuous women who have each had sex with at least three non-refugee men on that night alone . 
  they simply could n't take it any more !, 
   we would like to make an appeal to all german women , please welcome all refugees with both your arms , as well as your legs wide open and everything is going to be alright !, 
  obvious / s tag for anyone who needs it ... 
   his surviving daughter sued her for compensation later , but stopped that , because it got clear , that the criminal will never be able to pay . 
  it should n't matter if the criminal is able to pay or not , they should take away a part of the criminal 's income until they pay the full debt or they die . 
  this way , they will be reminded for the rest of their lives what a disgusting thing they did . 
   in germany a woman was convicted to 5 years 6 months not long ago - but the victim already had been in prison for years , lost his job and social life and died short after . 
  but how much did the alleged rapist spend in prison ? 
  has he even been compensated for the time he spent in prison and for his ruined social life ? 
   in most cases this is even more difficult to proof as a rape . 
  yeah , because nowadays , probably 80 % of college sex would likely be considered rape if the woman goes to the police . 
  i do n't even want to think how many times there has been a situation like - drunk college girl has sex with random drunk guy , feels bad about it , goes to the police , guy gets conviction for rape . 
  heck , in some countries ( looking at you , sweden ) , you can land a rape conviction if your god damn condom slips off your dick . 
  that 's true , but with the conviction you also get jail time and become unemployable ( +1000 to ruined life ) . 
  also , if the false accuser is not charged and convicted , many people will think they dropped the charges because they settled with the `` rapist '' . 
  so the victim will still be seen as a rapist . 
  i just find it funny how you always hear feminists demand tougher penalties for rape , but never demand tougher penalties for false accusations . 
  wow , do people even get in trouble for falsely claiming rape ? 
  i mean you always hear about people going to prison for rape , but rarely , if ever , for falsely claiming rape . 
  since the line between consensual sex and rape is pretty blurry nowadays , i think false rape accusations should be treated much more seriously and harshly , especially since a rape conviction is bound to ruin someone 's life . 
   the girls were silent .
