  the romanian irs fucked up a lot of small businesses in recent months for not paying their taxes , i 'm pretty sure these fucks ca n't even justify $ 1 so why do n't they take them as well ? 
  yep , the state does n't even know what to do with all that extra cash . 
  who knows , most cars had spanish or german license plates . 
  nobody knows what they 're doing there that they make so much money , especially considering most of them are illiterate . 
  the romanian police does n't seem to care , they were just watching them to make sure no fights broke off . 
  at some point , the bride arrived with a helicopter , i could n't find any pictures of that yet and i arrived a few minutes after the helicopter left . 
  this just happened a few hours ago . 
  sorry , english is not my native tongue , i will remember next time . 
   ukraine fucked up because they did n't take with full force crimea . 
  what full force ? 
  ukraine 's army was , and still is extremely crippled . 
  the only thing that improved in the meantime is the experience of its soldiers , however its equipment and command structure is still shit . 
  yeah , we do , but it does n't cover the western side of the border . 
  romania should start building its own fence asap , because it 's pretty clear where all that traffic is going to be redirected . 
  if that happens , russia will be gone for good . 
  the west will suffer as well , for a long time , but russia would simply cease to exist as a country . 
  beggars and pickpockets have handlers , just like prostitutes have pimps . 
  they are making much more than they need to survive , people need to realize that . 
  in romania , i always put my cv in english , never had any problems . 
  it probably depends on the industry you 're in as well though . 
  at least they 're not using broom sticks . 
  it 's something ... 
  beggars choose sweden because people in your country are more generous than in others . 
  if you want to get rid of them , just stop giving them money , make laws against begging and they will leave soon enough . 
  giving money to beggars is not going to magically turn them into productive members of society and most of the money end up in the hands of [ these guys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbfhyiyh8qe ) . 
  that has literally nothing to do with what i just said . 
  i can tell you the stereotypes of my country as viewed by people from my region ( transylvania ) - transylvania and banat : hardworking , calm , friendly , intelligent people . 
  transylvania and banat are the richest regions outside of bucharest . 
  - bucharest : arrogant , ignorant and impolite assholes who think they are the center of the universe . 
  - people from the south of the country , especially the oltenia region are viewed as backwards , untrustworthy and uncivilized . 
  they are especially disliked in timisoara ( the capital of banat , romania 's second richest city ) , where they have flocked by the thousands . 
  - moldavians are viewed as backwards , violent alcoholics . 
  - vaslui county , even though it is part of moldavia , it has its own special place . 
  it is the capital of both rape as well as murder . 
  it is the most dangerous county in romania . 
  in most articles i read about swedish politics , the leftists seem devoid of all common sense , even retarded in some cases . 
  the problem is they are n't poor ( well , at least the ones profiting from this business ) . 
  every summer in timisoara there are big gypsy weddings with ferraris , lamborghinis , porsches etc. 
  with foreign license plates . 
  this people are almost illiterate . 
  there is simply no way they could have made all that money legally , without organized begging/stealing . 
  what countries like sweden , norway , the uk , germany etc. 
  need to understand is that these people are extremely deceptive , they appear to be living in complete poverty , but in reality they make hundreds of euros per day . 
  they are organized criminals and the only way to sove the problem is by force . 
  there needs to be a zero tolerance policy towards begging . 
   people are also not 100 % rational , and sometimes make bad decisions . 
  that 's correct , the reason he was in prison in the first place is because he made some shitty decisions ( like selling drugs and raping people ) . 
  one wold think he should 've learned his lesson by now , seems it ai n't the case , unfortunately . 
  at his level of stupidity , i think he deserves to be locked up indefinitely as he will clearly continue to be a threat to society . 
  no , maryland . 
  yeah but afaik only prisoners that have a little more of their sentences left go to bastoy prison . 
  also , if tobacco is n't available in norwegian prisons i would say the prisoner already quit , long ago . 
  i doubt it takes more than a week to stop feeling the need for a cigarette . 
  honestly , compared with other prisons in europe and around the world , bastoy is a fucking paradise , now when he 'll be caught , he will be probably get sent to a shittier , more secure prison , maybe also get a few extra years for being stupid . 
   you should 've known she was n't american from the mere fact that she was riding a bicycle . 
  i actually did meet an american riding a bicycle at a street crossing . 
  she was hot as fuck . 
  we got into a little small talk , but the light turned green and she took off before i gathered the balls to ask for her phone number . 
  i still regret that day . 
   that or everyone drives on left . 
  that 's not gon na happen . 
  other than the uk , australia , japan and a few small countries , only shitty countries drive on the left . 
  ban condoms and people should fuck less . 
  sounds legit . 
  why would one even want to escape from bastoy prison ? 
  i was n't a tourist , i worked there . 
   no idea why the wave of romanians all of a sudden . 
  i noticed that in moldova , simply talking with a romanian accent attracts attention . 
  nope , i was n't . 
  i did n't see that many really fat people under 30 , but 75 kg is a lot by our standards , especially since she did n't look taller than 1.55 m ( 5 ' 1 '' ) . 
  let 's just say she had a lot of body parts you could grab . 
  ocean city , md. 
  i meant by the way she dressed , the make up and she also had blond hair . 
  you can be fat without necessarily looking american . 
  well he was obviously being sarcastic and hinted to the fact that she was fat . 
  she was at least 75 kg , so pretty fucking massive , by romanian standards , at least . 
  you can actually go to google.com instead of . de , . fr , . pl , . ro etc. 
  and you will get all the results . 
  personally , i think the so-called `` right to be forgotten '' is just some stupid ignorant bullshit , just like the cookie law . 
  i 'd rather have them scrap the idiocy that is geoblocking . 
  is using latin letters as substitutes for cyrillic ones common in russia ? 
  yeah , we laughed all day about it . 
   romanian with french wife from germany interesting ... 
  i was in a funny situation in the states . 
  i was with another romanian friend and a fat girl passed next to us with a bicycle . 
  she looked very american . 
  my friend then said `` oh , ursule\u021bule !, 
  '' , which means `` oh , you teddy bear ! '' . 
  turned out she was moldovan , and replied `` du-te-n pizda m\u0103-tii !, 
  '' , which means `` go back to your mother 's c ** t !, 
  gross minimum wage in romania : $ 238 average price of a 0.5 l can of beer in a supermarket : $ 0.57 number of beers you can buy on minimum wage : 238 / 0.57 = 417 of course , the net minimum wage is lower than that and a beer in a pub costs more , but you can still buy more than 176 . 
  i 'd say the data is incorrect . 
  transylvania never belonged to romania because romania simply did n't exist before the 19th century . 
  it 's like saying that the british empire never occupied the us , because the us did n't exist before the declaration of independence . 
  as i said , romanians were always split between different regions which belonged to different empires , it 's not like there was a romanian state which occupied/annexed different areas and settled them with romanians . 
  ethnically and linguistically they 're basically the same people . 
  they 're basically like germans and austrians . 
  it 's mostly a matter of what they choose to identify as . 
  the concept of `` romanian '' did not exist until the 19th century , romania was split between different regions , either independent or occupied by some empire , like the austro-hungarians , the ottomans and the russian empire . 
  present day moldova spent a good deal of its history under the russian empire , then it united with romania for a couple of decades after wwi , then became a part of the soviet union .
