  i have more forints than that guy and i 'm not even hungarian . 
  i do n't even know what to do with them , i thought of exchanging them for euros , but then i thought it might be more profitable to just go to hungary and buy shit . 
   do n't forget the eternal chewing gum . 
  what ?!, 
  sunflower seeds are way more important than chewing gum !, 
  they should also be of the nutline brand , it raises your * valoare * . 
  shawarma is currently the most popular food sold and eaten around street corners or supermarket parking lots . 
  once , i was surprised to see some youngsters eating some traditional romanian mici in supermarket parling lot and they were actually taking selfies with their mici meals . 
  but then i got closer and heard them talking , turned out they were moldovans . 
  jancsi , check the result of real madrid 's match , i got 1000 forints on that one . 
  at least your friends only bet on football games , my friends bet on anything the agencies let them . 
  they 're so stupid , they even bet on pre-recorded dog races . 
  yes , there are many schools , especially in the central and western parts of romania , where all subjects are studied in german . 
   well then , you actually are fairly rich my friend , especially given that you 're only 24 . 
  i would consider myself rich when i would be able to sustain my lifestyle indefinitely , even if i stop working . 
  that 's not currently the case . 
   enjoy , and make sure you do n't accrue `` useless '' debt . 
  i doubt any bank would be willing to lend me money , maybe only if i put my apartment on the line . 
  i do n't plan on getting a credit anytime soon , though . 
  i do n't plan getting a mortgage for it though , just selling my apartment and using some of my savings . 
   buying a house might be i actually plan on buying a house , but only when i 'll need one ( i.e. 
  get married , have kids , stop working abroad ) . 
  yeah , except all the examples you listed , except for the saggy pants , are all traditional clothing . 
  tracksuits are simply inappropriate to wear on a date , you would get kicked out of any decent restaurant or club , in romania at least . 
   i got 10 lei on that one you got it wrong , they do n't do it like that , they usually place like 2-5 lei on 10-15 matches , with a potential win of 1000-2000 lei , and they 'll also talk in old lei , so it seems more . 
  so , at the end , they 'll be like `` fuck , i lost 20 million on one match '' , when , in reality they placed 2 lei on a ticket with 15 matches , from different sports , with a potential win of 2000 lei ( 20 million old lei ) . 
  cocalari are different from gopniks . 
  gopniks want to appear tough , mafia style , while cocalars want to appear rich and sexy . 
  here is an [ example of gopnik ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cwcpj3o.jpg ) and [ one of a cocalar , showing off his mother 's savings ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rxbxbnc.jpg ) . 
  there are many german tourists in timisoara all the time . 
  this summer , i saw 2 hot german girls with a 3 series coupe in \u0218ag , they had an engine problem , within 5 minutes 4 cars pulled over to help them . 
  if i had a problem with my car , i 'm pretty sure nobody would pull over to help me . 
  they got rid of all the benches and fountains in liberty square so that people wo n't have where to sit and feed the pigeons anymore . 
  it 's liberty square in timisoara . 
  in this case , we are dealing with what is clearly an oltenian import into timisoara . 
  he is most likely part of either the severin or the t\u00e2rgu jiu subspecies . 
  moar like : dude has a date , grabs his finest tracksuit , waits desperately for girl , then tries calling her because he does n't realise she 's flaking on him . 
   this is the same country where a mustang ( a 35000 euro car ) costs 120000 euros . 
  yeah , maybe because a 5 liter engine is overkill ? 
  i 'm pretty sure a decent car with a 2 liter engine does n't cost nearly as much . 
  bulgaria is more urbanized than romania so maybe that 's why . 
   you mention multi-generation homes , but where a family has 4 children , presumably when they get married and have kids they are going to need a home . 
  wow , 4 kids is pretty rare in urban romania , you do n't see many families with more than one or two children , romania has one of the highest abortion rates in the world . 
  rural families sometimes have more kids , but when they grow up , they usually end up abroad ( that 's why romanians have such a bad reputation in the west , most romanian immigrants come from poor and backward rural areas ) or sometimes in prison . 
  gypsies do n't give a shit , they can have 20-30 people living under the same roof . 
  [ also , here 's an example of a romanian family with 10 kids living with $ 0.23 per day ( welfare benefits ) . 
  i wonder if anyone would be stupid enough to walk in and claim it . 
   i can do 5-6 times less things with the money than if i sold a house i owned in belgium to be fair , you have to consider that $ 1 in romania is worth more than $ 1 in belgium , especially if you look at services . 
  for example , you could get a haircut in romania for like $ 3 , but to get the same haircut in belgium , you 'd probably need to part yourself with like $ 20 . 
   that seems crazy as  95 % of romanians own their own homes without a mortgage according to eurostat . 
  one of these figures is wrong . 
  i 'm really curious how that works as surely college students , divorced men , and poor people rent ? 
  there are many cases where two or even three generations of adults live under the same roof . 
  college students might rent , but the home address in their id is still their parents ' house . 
  also , if you 're poor in romania , you 're really fucking poor , you ca n't afford to rent , you either live with your parents or you end up on the streets . 
  pretty far from it , actually . 
  back in the 90s , if i saw a chocolate or bottle of coca-cola , it meant it was either christmas , new year , easter or my birthday . 
  only in 1999-2000 did my parents ' financial situation start to stabilize and i started to live like a normal kid . 
  from 1990 to like 1998 , romania was basically like fucking zimbabwe . 
  2000s and 2010s romanian kids were born into luxury as opposed to late 80s/early 90s kids . 
  this is what is given in romania for the final high school exams ( actually much easier than in previous years ) : [ romanian version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r0schyr.png ) [ hungarian version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pmjfffo.png ) [ german version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xlcbwyp.png ) [ serbian version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b8dsazd.png ) [ ukrainian version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aolozm4.png ) there 's no official english version , unfortunately . 
  i do n't have a mortgage , my parents lived in this apartment during communist times and after 1990 , when it became legal to own property , they bought the apartment from the state for like $ 1000 . 
  they later bought a house , moved there , and when i finished high school , they transferred the apartment to my name . 
  the apartment is currently worth around $ 50.000 . 
  i do n't have any debts , so really nothing to subtract . 
  this just seems so inaccurate and wrong . 
  if i count my apartment , my car and my savings , it would mean i 'm like 10 times richer than the average and i 'm only 24 and very , very far from being what you 'd consider `` rich '' . 
  to get to that number , it would mean the vast majority of romanians have literally nothing . 
  let 's be honest with ourselves , there 's no prime minister in eastern europe whose salary is their main income source . 
  i would actually be surprised if there was an eastern european mp who relied on their salary . 
  the guy surely has some millions , that 's not really a secret , the problem is nobody seems to know how he actually made those millions . 
   vlad filat is not only the country 's former prime minister , but was basically the `` man in charge '' at the time of his arrest today i think plahotniuc is more powerful than filat , and even he might not be the guy in charge , as the guys who really run the scenes are normally very media shy . 
  it was always interesting to visit different european countries , but i never quite had what you would call a `` culture shock '' until i visited the us . 
  even though i watched a lot of american movies , the us felt very alien compared to european countries which felt different , in their own ways , but also very familiar . 
  what does this have to do with the refugee crisis ? 
  and who said it was ok because they 're white ? 
  to be honest , i think most people would rather choose to be executed than spend the rest of their lives in a moldovan jail . 
  you take the kids/patients out before you start renovating , that should be the rule in general , not only when you bring convicts to do the work . 
  what 's so hard about disassembling/reassembling a bike ? 
  i think every cyclist should carry a set of tools in case they need to fix a flat or something , just like any driver should have a jack , wrench and spare tire . 
  sounds reasonable ... 
  why make them do non-constructive work ? 
  moldova is extremely poor , if they are going to shamelessly exploit prisoners they could at least make them resurface some highways , renovate a school or hospital or something . 
  14 german teens , 13 of whom were underage , between the ages of 12 and 18 , were used as slaves in the republic of moldova . 
  since may 2014 , they were exploited through forced labour in agriculture and were also used as guinea pigs for the testing of several drugs . 
  the criminal enterprise was headed by a 32 year old ukrainian and included citizens of both germany and moldova , all suspected of child trafficking . 
  following the investigation , it was discovered that the german citizens were tasked with recruiting and bringing the teenagers to moldova . 
  they would recruit them under the pretext of a rehabilitation program for vulnerable teenagers . 
  in moldova , the teenagers were kept in non-sanitary conditions and forced to take several drugs , for testing purposes . 
  they were also forced , through violent means , to work in agriculture . 
  following 17 searches , the investigators discovered drugs with the labels eridon , sinopax and dipeperon , which , according to medics , act on the central nervous system . 
  the suspects now risk a sentence between 15 and 20 years in jail or life imprisonment . 
  why the fuck would you want to live in that shitty excuse of a country ? 
   so you want a 14 yo kid to have critical thinking ? 
  no but , at least if there are two ways she knows to get from point a to b , to at least know how to choose the one that 's faster and less laborious , not choose the one the person with the more authority ( in this case her teacher ) suggested . 
   do you also expect of her to solve the israel-palestine crisis by the time she 's 23 ? 
  no , but i at least expect her to be smarter than the vast majority of 23 year olds who just blindly followed authority throughout their schooling . 
  not just apple , people are very materialistic in general . 
  there are women who suck dick for handbags , jewellery , clothes , cars , whatever . 
  back when i was in high school , a straight a student sold her virginity to a random guy for $ 200 .
