  i saw milka in a cvs once . 
  it was pretty expensive compared to europe tho . . 
  hungary is going full orb\u00e1n . 
  never go full orb\u00e1n !, 
  i 'm not a big fan of chocolate , but i once ate some chocolate in switzerland and it was the best shit ever . 
  i ca n't remember the brand unfortunately , the packaging was bright orange and it had a swiss cross logo in the corner . 
  i would kill to have some of that shit again . 
  thank you , but `` professional polling agencies '' in romania have quite a history of making shit up . 
  that poll seems like complete and utter bullshit . 
  the vast majority of gypsies have n't even completed compulsory education , let alone high school or higher education . 
  how is it more likely for people with higher education to have roma acquaintances ? 
  most interactions between romanians with higher education and romas are limited to situations where the former are being approached by roma beggars at traffic lights . 
  i live in banat and neither me , nor any of my friends with higher education have a psitive view of gypsies or any gypsy acquaintances . 
  less educated romanians on the other hand often tend to be manele fans , so it 's much more likely for them to have roma acquaintances/friends . 
  roughly half of moldova is pro-russian . 
  only twenty something percent of moldovans identify themselves as romanians . 
  romanian only became the official language of moldova in 2013 , before that it was called moldovan . 
  even today , there are many moldovans who claim they speak moldovan , not romanian . 
  imagine if americans claimed they speaked `` american '' instead of english just to spite britain . 
  there are more moldovans who hate romania than romanians who dislike moldova ... 
  no offense , but why does the guy look like he has down syndrome in every picture ? 
  why do i have the feeling many poles confuse the term roma and romanians ? 
  i agree with this . 
  unless the us and canada drop visa requirements for all eu citizens , i do n't see why they should be allowed to come to europe visa-free . 
  yeah , it 's good they got arrested , but i 'm afraid johannis will receive a phone call from tel aviv soon and the two ex-mossad guys will be released tomorrow due to `` lack of evidence '' . 
  i do n't know , but it 's not the mossad , it 's two former mossad agents that are currently private investigators . 
  i would speculate it has something to do with benny steinmetz though , he is being indicted in romania , so it 's entirely plausible he hired these guys to fuck with the head of the dna . 
  well , it would be prostitution if the orthodox church would pay politicians to suck it 's dick , but politicians do both the sucking and the paying . 
  it would be like the prostitute would blow you then give you money as well . 
  pretty much how it happens in romania as well . 
  yeah , that 's actually called escorting . 
  in romania it 's very popular , still illegal , but much harder to prosecute than regular street level prostitution . 
  however , an escort also costs more than a regular prostitute ( a regular prostitute charges like 50 lei for a quick fuck , an escort can be 200-600 lei per hour ) and not any skanky prostitute can be an escort , she has to look good , be clean and not speak like a gypsy . 
  i do n't understand why a secular country would ban prostitution . 
  in romania it 's also illegal , but we 're a secular country only on paper , in reality our politicians constantly suck the dick of the orthodox church . 
  but france ? 
  seriously ? 
  what 's the reasoning behind this ? 
  this is awesome . 
  imagine if they won and adopted some super strong privacy laws , it would be like the switzerland of the internet . 
  companies who do n't want the nsa snooping around , as well as torrent sites could set up data centers there . 
  i can already see that little brat taylor swift crying with crocodile tears that she is n't making as many millions anymore because of some free streaming service based in iceland . 
  yeah , that 's why it 's retarded . 
  we could have had a thriving adult industry , just like germany , hungary and czech republic , too bad we have retarded law makers and the even more retarded orthodox church , which so far has done nothing even remotely useful for society . 
  there are probably more cam studios in romania than in hungary , but the website itself is hungarian . 
  there will never be a good porn site in romania , because of this retarded law :  art . 
  - ( 1 ) the natural and legal persons creating pornographic sites are obliged to password them , and the access to these will be allowed only after paying a fee per using minute , established by the creator of the site and declared at the fiscal bodies . 
  who the hell wants to enter a password and pay a fee per minute of usage of site ? 
  well , romania actually increased it 's tax revenue when it changed from a progressive income tax model to a flat 16 % rate . 
  it was because many people stopped evading taxes , but tax evasion is still a big problem , especially among the very rich . 
  a few years ago it would have been nokia , but unfortunately that went down the drain . 
  there are very few romanians who did n't have a nokia phone before apple , samsung , htc et co. 
  just because the companies have their international or european headquarters there does n't mean they are luxembourgish brands . 
  mcdonald 's , apple , amazon , google , starbucks are american , fiat is italian and ikea is swedish . 
  austria definitely red bull , hungary - livejasmin and romania - dacia . 
  one of the romanian businessmen who fooled the tax authority admits without fear that he was protecting his fortune , as seen in the panama papers . 
  vasile frank timis admits that he has at least 30 offshore companies and hides behind the law , which he says , allows him to avoid paying high taxes . 
  frank timis is frank . 
  the romanian with a net worth of 350 million euros explains why his name shows up in the panama papers and why he uses financial tricks to protect his money . 
  he claims it 's normal not to accept a 30 % profit tax . 
   of course i do n't agree to pay 30 % profit tax per share , when i can only pay 5 % , if these laws differ from state to state . 
  yes , i have companies in the bahamas and cayman islands , because these jurisdictions have treaties with almost every developed country . 
  every investor wants to invest in companies registered there , because when they sell their shares , they pay between 1-5 % , not 30 % in taxes . 
  these things have been going on for years , i mean 50 , 60 , 70 years ... the businessman said . 
  however , the aftermath of the leak is causing protests in civilized countries . 
  protesters are asking for the resignation of the icelandic pm , after it was discovered he was hiding money with the help of the panamanian company . 
  the sad part is that the majority of russians are actually going to buy this shit . 
  if i were putin , honestly , i would n't even be worried . 
  lol , looks like the entire population of iceland is protesting there . 
  not at all , i mean if i had a billion euros from shady deals which needed hiding , switzerland would be near the top of the list . 
  why am i not surprised about this ? 
  yeah , it 's evidence , pretty significant evidence , but what 's the point ? 
  i 'm really skeptical this will change anything , some big names might fall , some might go to jail for a couple of years and others might just be involved in some terrible fatal `` accidents '' . 
  however , `` the system '' is not going to be changed at all , it will soon be back to business as usual . 
  the elite runs the world and they do n't give a shit about people who make less than seven figures per year . 
  come on , cut the bullshit . 
  neither europe nor the us are `` open societies '' in the way you define them . 
  they never were . 
  this is the same as the `` european values '' bullshit , which is being used by leftists to justify why europeans should agree with letting in unchecked waves of mostly backwards migrants . 
  yes , europe is more open than , say , north korea , but that does not mean you are or should be allowed to say whatever the fuck you want . 
  by your judgement , people should be allowed to post online tutorials on how to build bombs from horse shit and encourage people to use them to blow up public places or kill people in general . 
  only the actual building building of bombs / blowing up should be illegal in your opinion . 
  that 's not how it works , why should it be legal to teach/encourage someone to do illegal shit ? 
  it 's used in non-european countries as well , like egypt . 
  even in the us , 112 calls get redirected to 911 with some carriers ( i.e. 
  in romania , calling 911 simply forwards the call to 112 ... 
  so it 's legal for an adult female to have sex with someone between the ages 15-17 , but not for an adult male ? 
  and you expect the retards who vote for something like this to fix your economy ? 
  of course ours mentions blood , we are vampires after all . 
  i do n't know , i mean , it 's not about being welcome here or not , but i do n't know if ee will avoid the shitstorm , especially since people like merkel and juncker are doing their best to try and drag us into this shit as well , with the mandatory quotas and all that . 
  in the case of romania at least , our government is acting basically like a western colony ( our current pm is a former eurocrat after all ) . 
  even the media is starting to resemble western media , just a few days ago a bunch of gypsies robbed some hijab wearing muslim women and the media tried to make it look like it was a racially motivated attack , when it was simply not true . 
  they did explicitly mention that the women were hijab wearing muslims , but did n't mentioned anything about the fact that they were robbed or that the robbers were gypsies , because everyone knows gypsies do n't really give a shit about race when they rob somebody . 
  when will people realize sit like this is going to be the end of western civilization ? 
  or maybe this is actually the plan ? 
  what 's the logic behind it , if we ca n't make all countries rich and stable and safe , then let 's turn our own countries to shit in the name of social justice , right ? 
  her being on the other side of the baricade does not make people not want to sex her . 
  also , not ugly , for fuck sake , she 's like 36 and looks hotter than most western 20 year olds ... 
   survived 3 assassination , 2 of them car bombs she survived because she broke the assassins ' hearts . 
  at least he was fired , never mind how he got hired in the first place ...
