  in romania , offers for greece and turkey cost almost the same , but most romanians do n't have passports , so they prefer greece . 
  croatia is also becoming popular with romanians , especially after it joined the eu . 
  because it was a huge gypsy wedding and all the local press reported on it . 
  gypsy weddings are also unique , impossible to mistake . 
  i also have family from that city , so i know some of the gypsies , all of them were dirt poor 10-15 years ago . 
  hey , always wanted to ask a german , what do you guys drive over there ? 
  if some semi-literate gypsies can afford cars like [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ezcnazd.jpg ) , do regular germans fly spaceships ? 
  i 'm do n't know about serbian gypsies , but i 'm pretty sure romanian ones would n't give a damn about benefits , pretty sure they do n't buy all those lamborghinis and ferraris with welfare money . 
  [ there 's a problem with the ssl certificate on your site . 
   if germany deports them back to serbia , and blacklists their passports , it will be considerably more difficult to just come back . 
  yeah , but unless they are convicted of some crime , only germany can blacklist their passports , not the entire eu , so if they can get to hungary , it will be be hard to stop them getting to germany , since there are no border controls . 
  for context , [ this is how romanian gypsies return from germany and spain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbfhyiyh8qe ), 
  australia , south korea , japan etc. 
  seem to be pretty effective at controlling immigration . 
   unofficially any migrants caught are beaten their money and valuables stolen and then they are send back to turkey on foot . 
  at least a few are known to have died `` from exposure '' . 
  the only issue with the fence is making sure there is no hard evidence except stories . 
  stories help in reducing future attempts . 
  yep , if the eu as a whole is n't going to find a solution on how to stop the migrant crisis , i believe more and more countries will start employing such techniques . 
  it 's definitely not a good solution , but allowing them to come in hordes is even worse . 
  by far it was the `` withdrawal '' of romanian authorities from bessarabia and bukovina in 1940 , as a result of the soviet ultimatum . 
  i quoted the word withdrawal because it was the word used by the soviets , when in fact it was practically a cessation . 
  it was probably the worst act of cowardice by romania , ever , and one of the main reasons the monarchy is not very well regarded in romania , because this happened during a somewhat authoritarian rule of carol ii . 
  the other main reason the monarchy is not very well seen is because king michael abdicated and ran away like a bitch when the communists came ( although mike still has some fans , but that 's not very surprising , considering even ceausescu still has fans , probably even more than michael ) . 
  of course , after the soviets occupied bessarabia and bukovina , antonescu came to power , allied with the nazis , killed some jews and gypsies , took some territories back , only to lose them again , because we all know how history went . 
  i think it 's a bit unfair that people blame us for siding with the nazis , because we would have never joined germany if the soviets just left us the fuck alone . 
  in my opinion , we should have never accepted the ultimatum , we should have done what the finns did and told stalin to go fuck himself . 
  no , i 'm talking about actual different banks , like bank of america , citibank etc. 
  i suspect even andorra has more than 3-4 bank offices , even a city in romania with a similar population to andorra has like 15-20 banks . 
   there 's like tens if not hundreds of thousands of banks . 
  according to the fdic , there are only around 6,800 banks if the us . 
  fuck no !, 
   polish media say the men want 10 % of the value of the train 's contents . 
  i doubt they 'll get 10 % , is there a law which specifies how much they get ? 
  even if they get 1 % , it would still be like winning the fucking lottery , or even better . 
  my conversation with a greek merchant who did n't speak english very well : greek merchant : where are you from ? 
  me : romania . 
  greek merchant : aaah , romania , mutu !, 
  me : yes , mutu , nadia , vampires !, 
  greek merchant : yes , mutu , cocaine , cocaine mutu !, 
  there is a semi-official command line client . 
   maybe the cheapest provider on the market , they offer 10tb for 5 $ / month . 
  that kinda sounds too good to be true . 
  i think the countries who contributed to fucking gaddafi in the ass ( uk , france ) should be taking all those migrants in . 
  gaddafi , altough a big asshole , was the main thing keeping those migrant hordes away from europe . 
  in bezirk 11 at least , i think 9/10 people are turks . 
  sweden is actually more evil ... towards their own people . 
  if they continue with this open border policy and multiculturalism bs , they will become a third world country within a few decades . 
  pretty sure they were thinking about the hordes at calais , waiting for the first oportunity to enter the uk . 
  what about non-religious people / atheists ? 
   something intimate that usually requires trust , there 's a reason most people do n't screw everybody they only know for five minutes . 
  maybe not after 5 minutes , but after a few hours there are lots of people . 
  there are way more promiscous women than there are prostitutes , and this is n't just true of low life people , but of student campuses , where the pillars of society are being formed . 
  what i 'm saying is that this should be up to the person to decide , it 's their body , why should the state decide what they can do with it ? 
  if a woman decides to keep her virginity until marriage that 's fine , if she decides to have sex only after being in a relationship for a while , that 's fine , if she decides to screw with the next guy that calls her , fine again , so why ca n't she decide to screw with someone who pays her ? 
  yeah , only it still does n't explain why there are like 10 times more rapes per capita than in denmark , for example . 
  why would swedish women be 10 times more likely to report rape than danish women ? 
  it does n't make any sense . 
   making prostitution illegal reduces the supply . 
  making it illegal to buy sex reduces the demand . 
  that 's how sweden thought it out i guess . 
  ok , but let me ask you something - who do you think those customers actually are ? 
  most people , if they have a choice between getting something for free and getting it for money , will usually take the free version . 
  this is especially true of sex , because who wants to pay to have sex with a woman that has had sex with probably 5 other men in the past few hours ? 
  sure there are those who have some specific fantasy that their girlfriend might refuse to fulfil , or those that simply want some quick sex without having to go through all the seduction game , there 's also truckers etc. 
  but when you exclude all these guys , what you 're left with are the socially awkward people . 
  yeah , the people who are so socially awkward they ca n't find someone to have sex with . 
  so what happens with these guys is that sexual frustration builds up , they ca n't find a prostitute because the state is cracking down really hard on prostitution , so what is it that he 's left with ? 
  rape somebody ... yep . 
  as far as i know , sweden has a pretty huge fucking problem with rape . 
  maybe somehow the lack of prostitutes and rapes are somehow related ? 
  i do n't know , but it surely is one thing to think about . 
  in the end , what 's worse , to let those men blow off steam fucking some prostitute , or let them build up more and more sexual frustration , until they end up raping someone ? 
   no , it 's like saying it 's okay to give a kidney to someone in need but it 's not okay to sell your kidneys . 
  as soon as money gets involved things turn from voluntary acts into coercive exchanges very quickly . 
  i do n't know how donating kidneys works , but i know , in romania at least , if you donate blood , the clinic will give you some money . 
  there are many people who are donating blood just for the money , but nobody seems to be complaining about that . 
  also , it 's pretty stupid to compare selling a kidney to selling sex . 
  the term `` selling your body '' was just chosen to make it sound worse ( like they wanted to change `` piracy '' with `` theft '' , because piracy did n't sound bad enough ) , prostitutes are not actually selling their bodies , they 're just selling a service . 
  you can only sell your kidney once , and it will affect your health and well-being , but you can have sex tens of thousands of times , you will probably have some signs of wear and tear eventually , but that 's true for basically any job that involves physical effort . 
   no , there are not many of those people . 
  the overwhelming majority of is brothel and street prostitution . 
  the range of customers who can pay several hundreds or thousands of dollars/euros per night is extremely small . 
  in timisoara , a city of just over 300,000 people , you can find ** hundreds ** of escorts online , which have their own apartments and prices which start from $ 50 per hour , which is like 35 times the minimum hourly wage in romania , which pretty much makes them luxury escorts . 
  i would n't be surprised if they even surpassed street prostitutes in number . 
   cleaning stuff is necessary and admirable work . 
  this comparison does n't make any sense . 
  again , this is subjective . 
  a man might consider prostitution an admirable job , when a prostitute agrees to fulfil a fantasy that his girlfriend might not have agreed to . 
  i ca n't follow your logic , sure some athletes might have time to take up part-time jobs , but they do n't have to . 
  prostitutes can also take part time jobs , nothing says they ca n't . 
   also models when they get older often become managers within the fashion industry . 
  if prostitution was legal , retired prostitutes could become managers for escort agencies or give lectures on safe sex or other things to aspiring prostitutes . 
  as long as no one is being forced to do something that they do n't want , i do n't see the problem . 
   while i was arguing that being a prostitute full time should be illegal , or buying from a prostitute working full time . 
  i did n't say anything about part time prostitutes . 
  that 's ridiculous , there are people who are full-time unemployed . 
  i would say being a legal prostitute and paying taxes to the state would still be better than being unemployed and leeching off the welfare system . 
   but is it feasible to make a law that says `` you can not buy sex from a prostitute who is not studying or is unemployed '' . 
  no , it 's not , for obvious reasons .
