  now they do n't even bother ) . 
  romanian tv is basically a race to the bottom , i cancelled my cable subscription because i 'm afraid i 'll get cancer . 
  ~ ~ most likely ~ ~ it 's the head of the socialist party , igor dodon , also known as igor `` gondon '' , or igor `` the condom '' . 
  edit : he actually admitted it was him , calling the protesters `` our activists '' . 
   where are the romanians ? 
  they 're too busy watching the latest episode of suleiman the magnificent . 
  romania 's nominal gdp per capita was always higher than belarus ' , it 's just that romania is a more expensive country ( partly due to eu membership ) , hence the small difference in the ppp gdp . 
  2011 and 2012 were particularly bad years for the romanian economy , we borrowed dozens billions from the imf , public sector salaries were cut by 25 % and vat was raised from 19 % to 24 % . 
  tell me about it . 
  belarus ' economy is not tied to the eu and west in general , so the crisis did n't affect them that much . 
   kinda strage that a backward and closed dicatorship had higher gdp than eu member ** which receives a big amount of subsidies ** . 
  from 2007 to 2016 , romania received around 32 billion from the eu . 
  meanwhile , it paid around 12 billion to the eu in that same period . 
  so , basically , our net `` profit '' was around 20 billion . 
  divide that by 9 years , and that means around 2.2 billion per year or a little bit more than 1 % of gdp . 
  i do n't think this evidence is helpful in any way . 
  most of the civilized world already agrees it 's russia who did it and brainwashed russians/pro-russians will never believe any evidence unless putin himself admits it . 
  the real question imho , is if that plane was shot down on purpose or if they really thought it was a military plane . 
  fuck this shit . 
  romania agreed to this ridiculous deal , but if there was a referendum to shut this shit down i 'm certain it would pass . 
  well , i guess this is what you get when you have a puppet for president and an eurocrat for pm ... 
  one of my former classmates from university works as an escort in london , she makes a ton of money , never had any problems with police though ( at least not yet ) . 
  they state the following : `` all police forces have been deployed today to promote a climate of order and public safety , to prevent unwanted events and to save lives '' . 
  to me personally , this reasoning smells an awful lot like bullshit , but i 'm not going to push any conspiracy theories . 
  [ here 's a romanian border cop ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wmkv1y0.jpg ) , taking a selfie while protecting the eu from illegal aliens . 
  they probably do n't want to create any controversy , i do n't think the organisers have anything against the basque country specifically , you can see they also banned the flag of pretty much every unrecognised state , even kosovo . 
  i got [ this message ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kltcfye.png ) from my provider last week . 
   according to eu regulations , the standard roaming charges for calls , texting and data will be modified starting on 30.04 ( eu , iceland , norway , liechtenstein ) . 
  you already enjoy a better deal in the main roaming area , which also includes turkey , switzerland and albania . 
   but then you should ask yourself a question , why the fuck do you vote for such party ? 
  most people do n't . 
  turnouts for parliament elections are constantly under 50 % . 
  it 's not that people do n't care to vote , they just do n't have who to vote for . 
  let me break down the current political scene in romania for you : 1 . 
  first , you have the two major parties , the social democrat party and the national liberal party , both are full of crooks and people who have proven themselves to be incompetent in any public position . 
  second , there is a bunch of smaller parties which are headed by crooks who left the big parties after public scandals ( scandals which always involved their personal interests , rather than national ones ) . 
  some examples : - the popular movement party , consisting of worshippers of former romanian president , traian b\u0103sescu . 
  the most important figures of the party are elena udrea and eugen tomac , both have been indicted for serious crimes . 
  even b\u0103sescu himself is currently facing charges for money laundering . 
  - the liberal reformist party , headed by c\u0103lin popescu t\u0103riceanu , former pm ( 2004-2008 ) , current president of the senate . 
  he is best known for always jumping to defend mps accused of corruption , speaking out against the dna , and personally being involved in some very shady deals , most notably the `` sterling deal '' . 
  - the romanian social party , headed by failed 2009 presidential candidate , mircea geoan\u0103 , also known as `` the fool '' and `` president for a night '' and `` mihaela , my love ! '' . 
  [ here he is , thinking he just became president of romania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjnoshqyekc ) . 
  - the national union for the progress of romania , a party founded by crooked army general gabriel oprea , accused , among other things , for receiving bribes in the form of a high end jacuzzi tub , sofas and a luxury car . 
  during his time as interior minister , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3h00dde.jpg ) was one of his `` advisors '' . 
  other than these parties , you only have the minority parties and the extremists , like the green party , whose president once said that `` romania will only become truly free and democratic when it will elect a gypsy transexual atheist woman as president '' or the new right party , which is obsessed about uniting romania and moldova , has a long hate list , especially jews , gypsies , hungarians , gays and also pretty much everyone who does n't agree with their views and one of its leaders was caught having child porn on his computer ( he was also working with children at the time ) . 
  well , romania and serbia are more similar with each other than they are with the netherlands . 
  there are significant cultural differences , i do n't think the dutch system would work here . 
   at the moment we have in the netherlands one of the weirdest coalitions in the world . 
  a labour party working together with a conservative liberal party . 
  two parties from other sides of the political spectrum . 
  we have that shit all the time . 
  it always turns out to be a disaster . 
  the thing is , our politicians care a lot more about their personal and party interests than the national interests . 
  back in 2004 , there was an alliance between the democrat party ( headed by traian b\u0103sescu ) and the national liberal party ( headed by c\u0103lin popescu t\u0103riceanu ) . 
  it worked , for about a year so , until it turned into a public shit show . 
  after that we had a coalition consisting of the democrat party and the social democrat party . 
  that too did n't go to well . 
  after that , there was an alliance between social democrats and the national liberals against the democrats ( who , by that time changed their name to democrat liberals ) - yeah , you guessed it , that did n't work out either . 
  now , the democrat liberals and the national democrats have joined together in a single national liberal party . 
  cracks are already starting to appear , i 'd probably give it until after the elections in november , then i 'm pretty sure they will split up into two different parties again ... my point is , if something works in a country , it does n't automatically mean it would work in every country . 
  in romania there 's also a 5 % threshold . 
  i think it 's a good thing though , because all parties which are in parliament receive some money from the state . 
  we also have 585 members in parliament ( 407 deputies and 176 senators ) , despite the result of a 2009 referendum which was supposed to limit the number of mps to 300 . 
  imagine if a party could enter parliament with 1/407 of the vote , it would be total chaos . 
   save for the accent , she speaks pretty good romanian . 
  no , she does n't . 
  her pronunciation is terrible , she pronounces romanian words like they were french words . 
  her grammar is better , but still far from what is expected from a mayor . 
   better than a lot of natives for sure !, 
  if by a lot of natives you mean people who did n't get past 4th grade , then maybe , yes . 
  but those people are n't running for mayor , at least not in the richest district of the capital . 
   a mayor should not be judged by his/her capability of speaking the language . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  after 17 years in this country , i think its reasonable to expect she speaks it properly . 
  if she ca n't , it means she did n't try hard enough . 
  how does this convince anyone she will try harder to be a good mayor ? 
  ca n't even speak romanian properly , has been a romanian citizen for less than a year , no one has even heard of her before this . 
  yeah , it 's probably safe to say she wo n't make it very far . 
  this guy is like the real life saul goodman . 
  there are a few muslim roma in romania as well , in the dobrogea region . 
  with romania it is n't as simple as with britain . 
  the average brit is n't really affected ( at least not directly ) if the euro goes up or down , unless they plan on going abroad . 
  in romania , that 's a bit different , because prices for important stuff ( property , cars , even mobile phone contracts ) are set in euros . 
  so the exchange rate affects us directly , because it determines how much this month 's rent is going to be . 
  fortunately , the exchange rate has been relatively stable at around 4.40-4 .50 lei/euro in the last 4 years or so , but history has shown us that can change rather quickly . 
  for example , someone who had a $ 200 monthly rent in 2011 was paying ~ 800 lei per month , in 2012 they were already paying ~ 900 lei per month on the same contract , so their rent increased 12.5 % in a year just because of the exchange rate . 
  damn i wonder what kind of people are ~ ~ brave ~ ~ stupid enough to fly those piles of junk . 
   if/when romania stops being super-poor and can buy some modern 4.5 th or 5th gen fighter jets , they 'll need capable pilots , and at that point their current fighters will have fulfilled their purpose . 
  the reason we do n't already have modern fighter jets is not because we 're `` super poor '' , but because our armed forces have been mismanaged by corrupt and incompetent generals and ministers for 25 years now . 
  the acquisition of new fighter jets has been delayed for over a decade now , while our so-called generals were ( and are still ) pocketing money like there was no tomorrow . 
  the migs were supposed to be pulled for good in 2012 , i do n't even know what retarded law ( or most likely government ordinance ) kept them flying . 
  they are basically flying coffins at this point , a disaster waiting to happen . 
  i thought we got rid of those flying coffins already ... 
  i could n't imagine it could be much worse than it is , it 's pretty close to complete collapse . 
  also , most of their workforce is in russia , not spain . 
  not far from last tho , pretty sure ukraine was ahead of moldova before the war . 
  can i haz some sauce with that data ? 
  i remember learning about this back in uni a few years ago . 
  regarding collectivism , romania is as collective as it gets , most people strive to be the person that others expect/want them to be , not who they really want to be .
