  also , i think the bomb molenbeek thing was a joke . 
  you sure seem experienced with this stuff , so i guess no one 's going to contradict you . 
  the jihadis are n't exactly closed groups with people raised from birth for the sole purpose to blow themselves up . 
  they always need new recruits , after all , finding people dumb enough to be willing to blow themselves up is not exactly a trivial task . 
  so the answer is not to try and find the jihadis , let them come to you instead . 
  the agents should just pretend they are ( willing to become ) radicalized and wanting to help isis . 
  another thing they can do is employ hackers to find backdoors into jihadist websites and use those websites as honeypots . 
  after all , if there are hackers who can hack the us government , i do n't see any reason why they could n't hack isis . 
  i 'm not a law expert , so i might be wrong , but afaik , the prosecutor is appointed by the ministry of justice and then has to be approved by the president . 
  yes , it does feel like it 's getting better . 
  no corrupt officials are safe anymore , they are putting everyone in jail , at all levels , from government employees to mayors , mps , ministers etc. 
  from all parties , not just the opposition . 
  however , the problem is that all of this did n't come from our elected officials , but from one brave prosecutor named laura kovesi . 
  many mps are thinking round the clock of ways to stop it . 
  johannis has also become much softer on the corruption issues since being sworn in office . 
  our pm seems like a cool guy so far , but not his cabinet . 
  also , it 's most likely he wo n't be pm anymore in 6 months time . 
  so really , all this anti-corruption fight is reliant on kovesi , and she can eventually be replaced and when that happens it could be back to business as usual . 
  mass surveillance is n't reasonable and proportionate . 
  it 's not effective , either . 
  the best way to prevent terrorist attacks imho , is still the good old human intelligence . 
  either get the jihadis to snitch on each other , or infiltrate intelligence agents among them . 
  i ca n't believe there are n't enough non-jihadi muslims that the intelligence services could recruit as spies . 
  what i find funny is that , especially in britain , but also in other western countries , it 's perfectly fine to insult eastern europeans on social media , but if you insult muslims , better be ready for a knock on your door . 
  the guy is buffoon , but seriously , getting arrested , for this ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  i mean , did the woman whom he supposedly asked this question even file a complaint ? 
  i could understand it then as a mild form of harassment , but so far there is n't even any proof this actually took place . 
  hell , he was n't even inciting violence or anything , he was simply being an asshole . 
  i must 've missed the law which made being an asshole illegal ... if this does n't prove britain is turning into a legit police state , i do n't know what would ... 
  did she file a complaint ? 
  as far as we know , he could 've made it up , it 's not like people ca n't lie on the internet . 
  if only the police would be as quick to apprehend dangerous jihadis are they were with this buffoon ... 
   the united states is one of the most self sufficient and internalized countries on earth ( see our trade deficit ) . 
  that 's not true , not by a long shot . 
   in terms of total trade the us / can / mex relationship is worth more than our relationship with china , japan , germany , south korea , and the uk combined . 
  ok , let 's do a [ reality check ] ( http://i.imgur.com/afqflcm.png ) : so the us 's main export partners are canada and mexico , that 's true . 
  so that means you sell most of the stuff you export to mexico and canada . 
  but when it comes to import partners , it 's a completely different picture . 
  almost 20 % of the stuff you import comes from china . 
   see our trade deficit yeah , you export $ 1.62 trillion worth of stuff and import $ 2.35 trillion worth of stuff . 
  in layman terms , this means you buy a lot more stuff from other countries than you sell to other countries , which is the complete opposite of self sufficiency . 
  but this is just in monetary terms , so it does n't paint the whole picture , because in the real world , in order to be self sufficient , it also means what kind of stuff you actually buy/sell , not just its monetary value . 
  for example , the value of saudi arabia 's exports is almost 3 times higher than the value of the stuff it imports . 
  does it make it self sufficient ? 
  not unless you think people could survive by eating and drinking oil ... let 's take another example - say you 're a programmer . 
  this means you need your computer in order to earn a living . 
  a high end computer costs $ 2000-3000 . 
  an average sedan costs 10 times as much . 
  so you could say your relationship with ford is worth 10 as much as your relationship to apple . 
  but you could survive if you could n't buy a car anymore ( i.e. 
  use public transit ) but without your computer you would be broke , and you could n't go to ford to buy a computer , despite how much more your relationship with ford is worth ... 
  so what ? 
  i also dislike russia , but i do n't go out and vandalize russian flags , because i 'm not a primitive uncivilized fuck . 
  also , they come here to europe supposedly because they want to escape war and conflict , if she wants to be belligerent then she should go back to palestine and tear as many israeli flags as she wants . 
  we definitely should not tolerate this kind of behavior in europe . 
  implying i meant it as a bad thing . 
  what wrong with being a nymph ? 
  that 's pretty badass tbh . 
  well , czech women are known to be nymphomaniacs , so they probably enjoy it . 
  or a smarter approach : recruit all waiters as informants , 
  so if i was born in austria because my parents happened to be there , do i count as born in another eu country ? 
  best flag - polan . 
  love the minimalism . 
  worst - belarus . 
  if we count unrecognized states , transnistria 's flag is pretty fugly as well . 
  ok , so you have like 40km more motorways than us ( 773km vs 731km ) . 
  but that 's not the actual problem . 
  your motorways suck ass , the pavement is shit , everything is rusty , rest areas are few and far between etc. 
  but motorways in both countries are only a tiny fraction of the total road network and no offence , but yours have shit maintenance . 
  romania has better roads , bigger salaries , less crime , less corruption , better healthcare etc. 
  the differences are pretty obvious , most bulgarian cities look like romanian cities did 10 years ago . 
  the only sector where they 're doing better than us is tourism . 
  they also have lower taxes , but even moldova has lower taxes than us ... the last time bulgaria was ahead of us was like 1995 . 
  the fact that you masturbate , have oral or anal sex , does n't change the fact that you are attracted only to people of the opposite gender , which is natural . 
  if you 're a man and you like giving/receiving oral sex to/from a woman , it does n't mean you would enjoy that with a man , does it . 
  also , the infertility argument makes no sense , the subconscious mind has no idea if the person you 're having sex with is infertile or not . 
  itt : people from western countries where homosex was basically illegal until last thursday getting on their high horses . 
  how is being gay `` normal '' exactly ? 
  if it 's normal to be gay why do both genders exist ? 
  it seems homophobic nowadays to even suggest that a penis is intended to be introduced inside a vagina and not another man 's rectum ... look , i do n't have any problem with gay people , everyone is free to stick it wherever they want , as long as both parties involved consent to it . 
  the thing is it is n't normal , just like pedophilia and zoophilia is n't normal . 
  what bothers me is this aggressive propaganda which is basically a war on logic . 
  we 're both going to be downvoted into oblivion for this , but i totally agree with you mate . 
  also saint petersburg and that area next to the ukrainian border . 
  look , i get you do n't basescu , i do n't like him either , but it would be a mistake to underestimate him . 
  basescu is by far the most hardened romanian politician . 
  in moldovan , his main opponents would be dodon , usatyi , voronin and marian lupu . 
  all four are a bunch of nobodies compared to basescu . 
   but he as to live there 10 years before running for office . 
  let 's be serious , we 're talking about basescu here , i doubt something as trivial as the moldovan constitution would be a major obstacle for him . 
  they 'll just change it so he can run for office . 
  the uk , especially england , is massively overpopulated . 
  the uk is roughly the size of romania , but it has more than 3 times the population , it 's ridiculous . 
  you do realise a septic system costs a hell lot more than digging a hole in the ground , right ? 
  also , the indoors bathroom does n't build itself , either . 
  we 're talking about people who live on subsistence agriculture or a couple of euros per day , you know . 
  the southern part of moldova in particular is on par with some subsaharan african countries . 
  maybe because people in those countries actually work ? 
  umm , public lighting never used incandescent lightbulbs , i mean at least not in the last 50 years or so .
