  prices in romania are much lower than in britain . 
  in my timisoara for example you could rent a 2 bedroom apartment for $ 250 a month . 
  electricity + gas for heating and hot water + building maintenance adds another $ 60 or so per month . 
  1 gbps internet + tv + landline + mobile subscription all you can talk and 4g internet is another $ 30 . 
  monthly public transic pass $ 25 iirc . 
  i spend around $ 100 for food per month . 
  so , to recap , 250 +60 +30 +25 +100 = $ 465 or just over # 360 per month . 
  i doubt you could cover your basic necessities with # 360 in britain . 
   there are people claiming benefits in pretty much every country in the world that provides them , most are n't ` slacking off ' either , unless you really take the uk 's tabloid press reporting to heart . 
  how so ? 
  are most of the people who claim benefits instead of working disabled or something ? 
  i have lived in london for a while and most people i saw working there were foreigners . 
  poles , indians , romanians , russians , lithuanians etc. 
  some of them barely spoke any english . 
  if employers were willing to take in someone who barely understood the language , you would think british workers are in very short supply . 
  my first interaction with a white british person was on the day i moved into my apartment , the guy , stoned as fuck , asked me if i wanted to smoke some weed with him . 
  it was 1 p.m. on a fucking weekday . 
  there was also a white british couple living in that building , whenever i passed their door , it reeked of weed , regardless of the time of the day . 
  it became really annoying after a while , because the smoke alarm kept going off because of them . 
  what is these people 's excuse to avoid work and claim benefits , and moreover to use tax payer money to buy weed ? 
  yeah , me too , a lot of brits love to slack and claim benefits . 
  they also do n't seem to have a problem with david cameron 's and theresa may 's surveillance bullshit . 
  you might be on to something , in high school i 've had two classmates named robert , one is currently in prison and the other one is on probation . 
  also , a guy named robert ciobanu is one of romania 's most notorious murderers . 
  another guy , robert butyka , is one of romania 's most famous hackers , he almost went to prison after he hacked nasa . 
  before the sanctions , russia was like a crazy monkey with a grenade , after the sanctions , it was still like a crazy monkey with a grenade , so effect of sanctions = 0 . 
  imo , the only way we can fuck up russia is by improving our standards of living , make europe great and desirable again , like western europe was during the cold war . 
  we should stop this multicultural bullshit which does not help improve the quality of life of eu citizens and also cut it with the mass surveillance bullshit which is making us less like europe and more like china and russia . 
  if europe becomes prosperous , if the citizens ' rights to privacy and security are respected , if people stop being sexually assaulted in the streets , russian citizens will take notice and start pressuring their leaders for russia to become more like europe . 
  as long as we do n't secure our borders , do n't ensure the security of our citizens and do n't seriously start tackling poverty and unemployment , `` the european model '' will continue to look like shit for the average russian and they will continue to support putin 's macho , no-nonsense attitude . 
  yeah , it seems they like to provide asylum for the `` cream of society '' , as we affectionately call these people . 
   in romania the orthodox church is collecting signatures to amend the constitution so that marriage can be heterosexual only . 
  not only the orthodox church , my grandma is a baptist and they were collecting signatures at her church as well . 
   where i was born ( not sweden , mind ) polan ? 
  hmmm , interesting , only one romanian on that list . 
  also interesting that he is `` wanted '' , because everyone knows he lives in karlskrona , sweden under the name magnus aurolsson and is protected by the swedish authorities , who refuse to extradite his pedophile ass . 
  edit : actually i noticed there are two romanians , but robert girleanu should n't count , because he is moldovan and the murders he committed took place in moldova . 
  i could translate the original facebook post which made him famous , if anyone is interested . 
  it 's quite funny actually , but i do n't know how it would sound in english . 
  nope , they lost 2-0 . 
  or they could all just speak english . 
  i want to see an `` european countries by shawarma consumption per capita '' , i bet romania would be first . 
  romanian extremists vs. hungarian extremists is srs . 
  business around here , sometimes the jokes go too far . 
  just a few months ago , a hungarian wanna-be terrorist was arrested because he planned to detonate an ied ( the prosecution claims he bought 400 `` big tiger '' type firecrackers ) on romania 's national day . 
  [ 2009 , apparently ] ( http://www.origo.hu/i/0907/20090717steuaujpe.jpg ) , it was steaua vs. ujpest . 
   vpn and tor do n't save you if goverment really wants to find you . 
  sure , if the nsa wants to find you , they probably will , regardless of what software or service you use . 
  but first , turkish government is not nsa , so their capabilities are much more limited than those of the nsa and second , finding someone who is very privacy conscious is n't at all trivial and requires a lot of resources . 
  so , unless you personally hack the turkish police 's database , it is more than likely they wo n't bother going after you . 
  they might send a request to the isp for all the logs of people downloading that specific torrent file and arrest them , but if you just used a vpn , the isp wo n't know you downloaded that file , so you 're safe . 
  anyway , i have downloaded the torrent and checked it out , the data is all encrypted , even the table headers , so there 's really nothing interesting to see . 
  tbh , i never thought schengen was such a big deal , except on holidays , when the border crossings are really congested , it never took me more than 5 minutes to cross the border from romania ( non-schengen ) into hungary ( schengen ) . 
  sure , it would be nice to have no border checks inside the eu , but only as long as eu countries with external borders are able and willing to prevent illegal entry at all costs . 
  the only solution i see for the continuity of schengen would be for all schengen states to agree that illegal migrants must be kept out , and set up an eu border patrol to ensure the costs are divided fairly between member states and that there are no weak links . 
  supporters doing stupid shit is one thing , football players doing stupid shit is quite another . 
  in romania , a few years ago we played a match against hungary ( or some romanian team against a hungarian one , ca n't remember ) , and a bunch of romanian supporters pulled out a banner with the message `` how long does a hungarian woman hold the shit inside her ? 
  answer : 9 months '' . 
  it created a huge scandal as it was , but a romanian football player wearing a t-shirt with the same message would have been unimaginable . 
  i 'm not really surprised the guy is such a tool , football players in general are not the smartest people you 'll meet . 
  i think it 's a good thing they 're at least trying to do something . 
  they should , of course , do much more than this , but at least it 's better than just sitting on their asses all day , just counting the migrant hordes that are coming in . 
  even if they just forward your ip address , the government just has to call the isp and ask them which customer was allocated that ip , and get your personal data . 
  the point is , they can only find out that you used that certain vpn server , at what times you used it and how much data you transferred through that vpn . 
  they wo n't know what exactly you did while using that vpn . 
  in layman terms , say you use a vpn to connect to shadydomain.xyz . 
  if the government subpoenas the vpn provider , they will be able to know that someone used that specific vpn to access that domain , they will know you were one of the people who used that vpn server at that time , but they wo n't be able to know that it was you who connected to shadydomain.xyz , because it could have been anyone who was connected to the vpn server at that time . 
  also , i sincerely doubt most vpns would offer any data to a country like turkey , maybe if they receive a subpoena from the us government , they 'll comply , but if they receive one from turkey , they 'd probably just throw it in the trash can . 
  the turkish govt . 
  can at most block that vpn provider in turkey , but i doubt they would care much , they 'll probably even use it as a badge of honor , saying `` look , the turkish government blocked us because we care about our customers ' privacy and refused to give them private info '' . 
  open dns is not really a substitute for a vpn , your ip address is n't hidden . 
  ok , so i 've checked out the `` data dump '' and it 's basically an encrypted mysql database , so nothing to see , really . 
  good job , sherlock !, 
  [ here you go ] ( https://turkey.thecthulhu.com ), 
  exit nodes can only see the contents of the message and the address it 's going to , not where it cam from . 
  so , if you use encryption , it should be reasonably secure , regardless of who runs the exit nodes . 
   vpn providers will give out all your information without a question if a government tells them to . 
  it 's usually even in their terms and conditions . 
  that 's not exactly true , most vpns might give metadata ( like ip address , connection times and amount of data transferred ) to some governments , but not content , because reputable vpns do n't log contents and this is both stated in their privacy policy as well as confirmed by independent auditors . 
  if they wanted to find out who did what , they 'd need to have a wireshark installation monitoring all inbound traffic , which would basically destroy the privacy of everyone using that specific server . 
  so , in general , if you are n't as dumb as the guy who used an at&t vpn to hack at&t , you should be safe . 
  you live and turkey and do n't already use a vpn ? 
  does that include interim governments ? 
  because if so , we 've also had like 19 governments . 
  excluding those , we 've only had like 12 governments since 1990 and only 6 since 2000 . 
  the current government wo n't last though , the idea was/is to let them rule until elections in autumn , as the ponta government resigned last year , because of the colectiv nightclub fire . 
  i do n't know how it 's like for other countries , but for us i 'd say this system is ok , because we have a lot of political prostitutes who migrate from one party to another whenever their party loses popularity . 
  government measures take time for the effects to be seen , so it 's generally a good idea to just leave them do their 4 year terms and then decide if it was a good government or not . 
  even though our governments are n't changed that often ( still changed more often than they should ) , our ministers are constantly being changed like socks , we 've had 21 education ministers in the past 25 years , and this has had disastrous consequences . 
  it 's the same in romania . 
  it has to do with stability . 
  the idea is that once invested , the government should be allowed to complete its term , unless they do something really , really bad which convinces 2/3 of mps they should get rid of the government asap . 
  only greeks are calling them that . 
   just out of curiosity ... what percent of the total number of refugees passing through romania 's border per day does 60 even represent ? 
  is it like 1 % or maybe 1.5 % ? 
  ca n't tell if trolling or just typical silly ignorant american . 
  romania is not even part of the main route of migrants who want to reach germany , and unlike other countries , we actually do protect our borders and actually prosecute those who cross illegally . 
  do n't forget the women and children , they also do n't have priority . 
  in january , in a single day , romanian border police captured 60 illegal migrants , 100 % of them were military age men . 
  fuck them !,
