  i do n't have a problem with referenda , but i do have a problem when a policy is agreed upon by most member states , but fail because one or two states use their veto powers . 
  the netherlands is acting shitty towards ee in general , they are also the reason romania is n't in schengen yet , despite meeting all the requirements and actually being much better at protecting its borders than some western states ... 
  1218 victims just in cologne ? 
  just ... disgusting ... 
  in romania at least , the perks of being an mp alone are worth way more than the actual salary . 
  just the perks , not including corruption : if you are an mp who does n't live in bucharest you get : - $ 900 per month for accommodation . 
  this is enough to pay the rent + utilities for a nice apartment . 
  before 2013 , this used to be $ 1800 per month . 
  - around $ 30 per day spent in bucharest . 
  it 's not hard to guess , mps from outside of bucharest spend most of their time in bucharest ( or abroad ) . 
  all mps get : - nice car + optional driver , which can be used both for work as well as personal interest . 
  obviously , everything from taxes , maintenance , car wash etc. 
  is paid for by the state . 
  you also get unlimited gas . 
  - unlimited national and international calls , texting , mobile internet etc. 
  + top of the range smartphone of your choosing . 
  - unlimited international trips with a nice daily allowance depending on the country . 
  of course , the trips are supposed to be in the `` public interest '' but nobody bothers to to check that shit . 
  - access to the parliament restaurant . 
  this is a big one - it 's basically like a super expensive restaurant but with prices 30-40 times lower than an equivalent private restaurant . 
  lobsters for example cost less than a couple of euros . 
  - around $ 2500 to set up your office the way you like it . 
  - if you are no longer elected as an mp , you get the equivalent of three months ' salary and a nice pension for the rest of your life . 
  - there is probably no bank in the country that will dare to not give you a loan with very favorable terms . 
  - most big businesses will give you discounts for their products and services , because you know , someday you might be voting on an issue that affects them directly . 
  - sex , lots of it , because who would n't want to sleep with an mp ? 
  - the best part of all - if you want a new perk , all you have to do is discuss it with your peers in parliament and vote on it . 
  the budget is also not a problem , because the parliament also decides what the budget for the parliament will be . 
  these are just the perks if you are honest , if you are corrupt , well , then it gets a hell lot better for you , but you wo n't be able to sleep well at night because of the dna . 
  imports are actually accounted for in gdp , because of the net exports component ( exports - imports ) . 
  yeah , except that the women who have these abortions probably would n't make the best parents ( you know , why would they even have abortions in the first place ) . 
  the chances of an unwanted child becoming a productive member of society are probably not very good . 
  so you 're basically trying suggest the russian government is n't really involved in this whole contract killing business , right ? 
  right , right . 
  then please , enlighten me , who are the ones who go around killing all those investigative journalists that poke around the russian government 's business ? 
  just criminals that have nothing to do with the government ? 
  you know , they just like vlady so much , they are willing to kill people who poke around his business pro bono ? 
  that makes sense ... except criminals do n't really like the government , unless the government is actually buying them out ... or maybe it 's all a massive conspiracy by the evil western countries to tarnish vlady 's otherwise immaculate image , right ? 
  you know , like that mossack fonseca deal ...  they would n't be doing it in such an obvious way as with this mh17 case expert , which sounds as dumb as it gets , r/europe-dumb . 
  oh yeah , they would n't , unless the guy had some valuable information and refused to let himself bought off . 
   til fsb has its own hitmen . 
  do you seriously think they do n't ? 
  sorry , but this is the real world , not the movies . 
  people get sloppy . 
  even the mossad makes mistakes when trying to assassinate people on foreign soil and they have way more experience with shit than anyone else , including the russians . 
  it 's also not impossible the russians hired a hitman from `` external sources '' ( i.e. 
  non-fsb ) so they would have plausible deniability in case things went south . 
  they do n't mention the nationality of the hitman , but i could bet it was moldovan . 
  they have the shittiest hitmen , like that guy , vitalie proca , who tried to assassinate a russian banker in london and failed miserably . 
  eight months later , he was hired to kill some crime boss in bucharest and failed miserably again . 
   the proposal calls for the ban of all vehicles that are n't emissions-free , meaning that automakers wo n't be allowed to sell even relatively efficient models like hybrids and plug-in hybrids . 
  there is no such thing as `` emissions-free '' . , unless you can ensure that the factories assembling those care , the factories that make the parts , the plants that produce the electricity etc. 
  are all `` emissions-free '' , which is pretty damn close to impossible . 
  yeah , just that the decision to have them close on sundays was also the brainchild of the orban administration . 
  they went in head first , realized it was n't very popular , then backed off - not exactly the work of a genius . 
  well , if you are able to support yourself and your family , there 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
  problems arise when immature people have kids . 
  at 22 some people are mature , some are not . 
  how exactly do you call regions where the top activities are drinking rubbing alcohol , wife beating and rape ? 
  how will they stop being shitty regions if all that welfare money goes into rubbing alcohol ? 
  i mean sure , you could say it would develop the rubbing alcohol business , but even that rubbing alcohol is n't being produced in those regions ... 
  10 years ago i would have definitely said 2 , but now it seems more likely it will all go to shit . 
   all regions run on a deficit against the central government , including your precious timisoara . 
  that 's the fucking point , smartass , of course all regions run a deficit , because all the important taxes go straight to bucharest , while the local authorities are left to pick up the change . 
  the amount of money that goes back from the government to the local authorities then depends on politics , not the economic output of each region . 
   fiscal transfers are a normal part of every state . 
  yeah , instead of investing the tax money into people who actually work , let 's give to the lazy fucks who do nothing except sit on their ass all day , drink rubbing alcohol and beat their wife and 10 children . 
  a high iq does n't necessarily make you less inclined to do crime . 
  the only difference is the type of crime - dumb people are more likely to be involved in petty thefts and robbery , while smart people are more likely to be involved in fraud or embezzlement . 
  sure , fraud and embezzlement are not violent crime , but the effect to victims can still be devastating . 
  if someone robs you of a couple hundred euros , you will most likely recover quite quickly , but if a fraudster empties your accounts and gets you kicked out of your own house , it 's probably a lot more likely you 'll end up insane or commit suicide . 
  timisoara is one of the most developed cities in romania . 
  it should even be a lot better than it actually is , but due to romania 's centralized system , most of our tax money goes to shitty regions , for example timisoara has about twice the gdp of iasi , but less than half it 's public budget . 
  naah , i think they 're going to pass on that . 
   any visa wavers would be given to people normally resident in the uk at a certain date and how exactly would that work ? 
  afaik , you do n't need any special papers to reside in the uk if you 're an eu citizen . 
  also , your immigration system is notoriously easy to bullshit ( a nd that 's not the eu 's fault ) . 
  yeah , i know that , i 'm not retarded or anything . 
  i 'm just saying that the difference between a 4k display and a hd one is n't that big . 
  at this point , i think europe is declining , both in relevance as well as quality of life . 
  if the trend is reversed or not , that 's really up to us , but i think it 's more likely the decline will continue . 
  the good part is that the differences between western and eastern europe will probably be a lot smaller than they are today . 
  southern europe ( greece , italy , spain , portugal ) will probably be a wreck if they do n't act quickly . 
  am i the only one who thinks the difference between hd and 4k is not such a big deal ? 
  i mean definitely not as big of a deal than the difference between sd and hd . 
  i really do n't see how it justifies the extra bandwidth . 
  so if i have a nino , i 'll be able to come to the uk and work again without any extra bullshit ? 
  i had no idea heroin was so popular in europe . 
  in romania , there are a couple of die hard heroin addict colonies in bucharest , but that 's about it . 
  the drug is next to impossible to find in any other city . 
  wait , so child abuse is not illegal yet in britain ? 
  i do n't think you need to make laws for every barbaric practice , just make a tough child abuse law and send the fucks to the hole , then deport them . 
  this is bs , in romanian it 's called `` a rond '' , which basically means `` round a '' . 
  spain has a very large romanian community and is one of the few european countries whose media did n't shit on us . 
  italy has a very large romanian community as well and is a popular holiday destination for romanians . 
  the uk is regarded as having better opportunities than both spain/italy , but it 's media ( especially dm ) constantly throws shit at us . 
  poles is seen as our slightly richer catholic cousins , germans and japanese are seen as very hard working and honest people . 
  turks and hungarians are seen as our traditional enemies , with hungarians also being seen as stereotypical assholes . 
  russia is being seen as the main reason why romania is currently shit , being responsible for communism and the loss of 1/3 of our territory after ww2 , not to mention their refusal to return our thesaurus . 
  the fact that they have never apologised does n't help their reputation either .
