  the romanian development bank ? 
  societe generale , france . 
  other major banks are raiffeisen ( austria ) and ing ( netherlands ) . 
  - dacia , the only remaining romanian car brand - owned by renault ( france ) . 
  - the mobile operator business is split between vodafone ( uk ) , orange ( france ) and telekom ( germany ) . 
  digi , the only romanian operator , is the smallest . 
  - all the oil extracted in romania is owned by omv ( austria ) . 
  - the supermarket business is split between kaufland ( germany ) , lidl ( also germany ) , carrefour ( france ) , auchan ( france ) , penny ( also germany ) . 
  - rom , our national rum flavoured chocolate brand , maybe we still own that ? 
  lol , no , that 's owned by julius meinl ( austria ) . 
  the list could go on and on , but it 's pretty safe to say at this point that comparing the profits that just these companies make in romania , to all the `` help '' we received from the west , would be like comparing an elephant to a mosquito . 
  excluding taxes , i would estimate that more than 80 % of the money i spend goes either to foreign companies or to romanian companies that are owned by foreign countries , either directly , or indirectly . 
  not all prisons in romania are supermaxes , we also have prisons with semi-open and open regimes , meaning prisoners can walk around the prison unattended and even work outside the prison . 
  escapes from those prisons are very rare too . 
  anyway , the point is that capturing thousands of escaped inmates is much greater than the cost of simply building a wall . 
  i mean , is there even a point of sending to prison if they can just walk away ? 
  in romania , people who get sentences below 3 years , rarely even go to prison , most of them get sentenced on probation . 
  well , for one there 's the axiomatic fact that nature favors heterosexuality , not homosexuality . 
  marriage is n't some made up concept , it 's a concept design around this idea . 
  removing the idea of procreation from the concept marriage basically means removing the very foundation on which marriage was built . 
  secondly , while my opinion might be unpopular , i do believe that a child needs both a mother and a father for them to become balanced members of society . 
  implying that having two mothers or two fathers is the same as having a mother and a father is like saying the only difference between a man and a woman is that one has a penis and testicles and the other has a vagina and breasts , which is obviously a lie . 
  finally , there simply is n't enough unbiased research to asses the impact of gay marriage on society . 
  even the most liberal of countries have only had this for a few decades , child adoptions are even newer than that . 
  why make such large scale experiments ? 
  communism also sounded good in theory , but it turned out to be a complete disaster in practice ... 
  hmmm , acording to [ the source ] ( http://wp.unil.ch/space/files/2016/03/council-of-europe_space-i-2014__final_160308.pdf ) ( page 117 ) , romania had only one escape during 2013 . 
  we have a grand total of over 33000 inmates . 
  wonder if we , with our limited resources can keep them in , why finland , which is a much richer country , ca n't . 
  russia funds them 2 . 
  leaders with fascist ambitions usually get along well . 
  putin and erdogan are the exception . 
  `` kim jong un must reform or resign '' - / u/taranpula, 
  it 's about a god-like cosmic creature falling in love with an emperor 's daughter . 
  of course it ends tragically . 
   in the meanwhile in romania 1.5 million people signed a petition against homosexuals . 
  a petition against gay marriage , not against homosexuals . 
  assuming that everyone who opposes gay marriage does so because of religious beliefs . 
  i 'm not looking up to the west anymore because mass immigration , mass surveillance , political correctness and rising inequality do n't really appeal to me all that much ... unfortunately , my dumb government still tries to imitate the west , especially on these issues . 
   so you guys in the eu can pick the rest , there wont be any pro russia movement for a long long time , thats why our relations is trough donbass now . 
  assuming the eu actually wants to pick up the rest . 
  this was never about ukraine being invited to join the eu , it was only about ukraine being invited to sign an association agreement with the eu . 
  so the eu 's message to ukraine was n't `` here , sign this paper and join the eu '' , it was more like `` here , sign this paper and we might think about letting you join in a couple of decades , unless you screw up in the meantime '' . 
  let 's be honest here , ukraine 's gdp per capita ( $ 2,199 ) is 3 times lower than that of bulgaria ( $ 6,581 ) and almost 5 times lower than that of romania ( $ 10,249 ) . 
  we 're talking about the two poorest countries in the eu , some western countries are n't happy these two were let into the eu in the first place , why would they want a country that is three times poorer than its poorest member ? 
  the eu is n't russia 's cis/customs union/eurasian union or whatever you call it now , where members are picked based on how much they like to suck putin 's dick and not based on their economic performance or political stability . 
  that 's not exactly true , most eastern europeans ( those from eu countries ) who wanted to go to the uk are already there . 
  all a romanian who wants to go to the uk needs is # 60 - # 100 for a plane ticket , including luggage and other expenses . 
  the really cheap ones can pick up a coach ticket for like # 40 . 
  it 's not like there 's a queue or anything for eastern europeans waiting to go to the uk , if some random dude from some remote shitty village wanted to go to london he could be there before the end of next week . 
  [ that 's right !, 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ffzdqt_0upi ), 
  you 'd expect an eccentric dictator like erdogan to at least pick a more attractive wife . 
  seriously , mrs. erdogan looks more like a transvestite than a woman . 
  a serious question for the ukrainians here : did you really expect something different from poroshenko other than this shit ? 
  i mean , we 're talking about a guy who made millions in a country where it was probably next to impossible to run a god damn corner shop without paying some bribes . 
  how would you expect this guy to reform ukraine into a civilized country when in reality he was always part of the problem and not the solution ? 
  to me , ukraine looks a lot like moldova , where the pro-eu rhetoric is nothing but electoral bullshit , the politicians know full well that ukraine will not join the eu in the foreseeable future , they 're just using it to gain votes . 
  putin also knows this and is using it to his advantage , because he knows it 's only a matter of time until ukrainians are fed up with this shit , then it will be back with russia & co , just as it happened before . 
  the war means absolutely nothing , moldova was also raped by russia several times , yet russia is still enjoying lots of popular support there . 
  it 's not like europe does n't have experience negotiating with dictators tbh . 
   and ( gasp ) some of them also think the germany policy on refugees is the right way to go !!!, 
  yeah , i mean , letting in millions of poor people , many of whom hold strong values completely incompatible with european ones , through the back door , without even basic background checks , i mean , what the hell could possibly go wrong , right ? 
  call me a conspiracy nut , but with every new article i 'm starting to think more and more that this whole refugee crisis is manufactured and serves the interests of some very powerful and shady types . 
  i do n't know who they are , i do n't want to speculate as to who they might be , but i think it 's pretty clear at this point that there 's more to it than meets the eye . 
  i do n't know for sure who the winners are/will be , but i sure know who the losers are ... 
  as you can see for yourself , it varies widely from country to country . 
  anyway , the point is that these sex attacks are on the rise likely because of austria 's newest guests . 
   the statistics show that in january there were 343 complaints about sex-related incidents . 
  in 175 cases , austrians are under suspicion . 
  a further 25 have involved concrete charges being made against asylum seekers . 
  another 43 involve foreigners from other parts of the world including turkey , macedonia and germany . 
  ** there was no information about the 100 remaining sex attacks included in the report . 
  ** hmmm , wonder why that might be ... 
  pretty sure [ this guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lqz5rq0.jpg ) would approve . 
   last i checked , about 82 % of rapes are committed by someone the victim knows . 
  those are stats for the us , not europe . 
  you ca n't just take numbers from one country and assume they apply everywhere . 
  you need to understand where the people come from . 
  in their countries , women who are n't dressed like storm troopers and are n't accompanied by their father/brother/husband are whores who need to be put in their place . 
  think of how most western men view a street prostitute , then imagine something ten times worse - this is how these people view european women . 
  for them , seeing a woman with her head uncovered is like it is for us to see one with her tits out . 
  heck , in their countries women are n't even viewed as humans , they 're more like commodities , pets or slaves . 
  rape is n't punished there because it hurts the victim , it 's punished because it dishonors the victim 's family . 
  it 's just like theft or vandalism in europe , it is n't punished because it hurts the property , but because it hurts the owner . 
  romania 's richest person , also a billionaire , is currently in prison , so ... 
   they speak romanian but pretend not to . 
  that 's true , a moldovan guy once said there are many women in moldova , especially chisinau , who pretend not to speak romanian , until they meet a `` rich romanian cock '' , then they immediately start speaking it without the slightest hint of an accent . 
  fucking gold diggers man !, 
  well , lets see : 1 . 
  i travel a lot , so i use a lot of wifis from hotels , restaurants , airports etc. 
  using public wifi hotspots without vpn is pretty much like asking for trouble . 
  i really , really hate geoblocking , with vpn this is no longer an issue . 
  even though my isp is awesome , offering me 300 mbps for only $ 6.5 per month , they 're really sketchy about privacy , they do n't even have a privacy policy on their website and they [ regularly use dns hijacking to remind you if you have n't paid your bill ] ( http://oltelean.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/rds-rcs.jpg ) . 
  also , they ask for your id card if you want to purchase a prepaid sim card , even though it 's not required by law , their representative actually told me with a straight face they use that data for their `` internal tracking purposes '' . 
  so yeah , i do n't trust the bitches with my privacy . 
  yeah , just saw some middle school children playing football with a severed head this afternoon , nothing unusual really . 
   nothing major in most cases . 
  ** unless ** you 're driving an expensive car . 
  then you 're asking for trouble .
