  just look at croatia , they 're not much richer than romania but they 're cities look way better than ours . 
  edit : also , ppp gdp is much more accurate than nominal gdp ( which you used ) when comparing standards of living . 
  because phones make sounds , sounds distract other people from their reading . 
  well , here , since prostitution is illegal anyway , the underage prostitutes get pretty much the same treatment as adult prostitutes by the authorities - the police comes , rounds them up , writes them tickets and leave them to continue their business . 
  in some areas , prostitutes are fined almost every single day . 
  since they ca n't afford to pay all the fines , they generally do community service instead . 
  some police officers have sex with the prostitutes in exchange for not fining them . 
  of course , pimps who exploit underage girls get much harsher punishments . 
   show me a model with better stats . 
  well , if there are prostitutes fucking for 100 kr , i 'd say it 's a shit model . 
  also , since the risk falls on the client , it means the demand is lower than it would be , thus meaning prostitutes must offer very low prices if they want to stay in business . 
  it still does n't make any sense , yes , some prostitutes are victims , the same way a person who is forced to do something illegal by someone who has a gun to their head is a victim . 
  sex exploitation and prostitution are two separate things . 
  people are exploited for a variety of other things , like agricultural work , but just because some people are being exploited you still do n't hear anyone advocating for agricultural work to be made illegal . 
  the same goes for sex work , if trafficking/exploitation is a problem , then focus on trafficking/exploitation , not sex work itself . 
  also , how are the clients at fault ? 
  they 're not the ones exploiting the prostitutes , the pimps are ... 
  well , of course you ca n't rule out that it might be a scam , but i do n't think it was , the police identified over 30 ex-virgins that were part of network , i 'm guessing if it was a scam at least a few of them would have told the investigators . 
  also , do n't forget that moldova is a desperately poor country , prostitution and human trafficking is rampant there and 16-19 year olds are particularly impressionable . 
  well prostitutes still have their money confiscated and have to pay fines/do community service . 
  even before 2014 , i doubt there was a single prostitute who went to prison . 
  pimping is still very illegal and can land you in prison for many years . 
   offering sexual services for as little as 100 kr . 
  wow that 's even cheaper than in romania . 
  what the hell can you buy in sweden with 100 kr ? 
  not to mention they have to share that with the pimp ... 
  wow , nyc escorts are expensive as f ** k. here , with that amount of money , you could probably get a random non-prostitute 10/10 gold digger to have sex with you every day for a few months even if you were a fugly , obese midget . 
  well , you know , if there 's demand for something , there will be supply . 
  they were n't even any kind of virgins , they were selected through beauty contests . 
  only the best of the best . 
  in romania , the unattractive ones are still on the streets . 
  on the internet , it 's mostly white collar people who look for prostitutes and white collar people generally do n't want to fuck a prostitute that looks like a tramp . 
  thus , [ these gals ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekdhajcgeeg ) probably would n't stand a chance on the internet . 
   street prostitutes range from 40 $ -100 $ depending on the area and the service asked . 
  wow , that 's really expensive . 
  i would n't have sex with a street prostitute if you paid me , let alone for $ 100 . 
   romanian actually , i think most are moldovan , i 've rarely heard of romanian prostitutes working in turkey . 
   the only difference is between lith . 
  and romania is that the luxury prostitutes here usually are n't models but people who are known clubbing personalities regularly featured in magazines and the yellow press as `` celebrities '' . 
  ah , we have those too , but they rarely prostitute themselves in romania , they generally go to austria or germany where people do n't know them and they make more money . 
   but most of the prostitutes are indeed being exploited , they were scammed by criminal groups in their own country and told they would get a nice job in italy and once here they are forced to become prostitutes . 
  it 's true that many find themselves in this situation , but i 'm not sure if most . 
  in the last few years ( since romania joined the eu ) , it has apparently become more popular for pimps to recruit willing girls and tell them beforehand what they 'll be doing in italy , thus making it consensual . 
  of course , it 's still illegal and there still are cases of abuse , but there 's certainly less violence than there used to be . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant , that 's why i only quoted the `` every wallet '' part . 
  edited it to `` every pocket '' as it is indeed more accurate . 
  but how does the state know how much they make ? 
  do you get a receipt after you fuck a prostitute ? 
  also , what are the prices like ? 
  could n't find the original video , [ just the aftermath ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9udern6omia ), 
  was expecting to see half naked whores running around and masked police with smgs . 
  at least that 's how these types of raids look like in romania . 
  he was probably inspired by [ this romanian cop ] ( http://youtu.be/9k5ceokxpga ) . 
  anyway , i would n't consider it police brutality , the woman assaulted the cop first . 
  how come no one stole the bike , i 'm guessing a custom bike like that with official inscriptions should be worth something ? 
  it 's interesting , serbia is full of guns , moldova is full of guns , ukraine is full of guns ... meanwhile in romania getting a gun is so incredibly hard that only the most hardened of criminals have them and even they rarely use them . 
  well , if someone accusses you of being a child rapist you can simply sue them for damages , but it 's not illegal by default . 
  also , real journalists would never do that , only shitty tabloids . 
  it rarely happens that such accussations are taken seriously anyway , our former president was accussed of being a child beater during the 2009 election campaign and he still won the election . 
  i do n't know how it 's like in sweden , but people who have at least some minimal education here know not to trust any bullshit article . 
  the beggars in sweden are a special case . 
  it is suspected the vast majority of them are part of single network . 
  it 's likely this rotation system has more to do with the policies of their bosses , rather than the policies of the government . 
  also , i hope you guys are n't that naive to think they just happen to be poor are in sweden in search of a better life at the mercy of the swedish people , right ? 
  the vast majority of beggars are part of criminal networks , which work just like any other criminal network , just that they specialize in begging , among other things . 
  in romania , after the 2014 elections , there was a pizza called `` pizza iohannis '' . 
  it cost 54.50 lei ( same as iohannis ' winning percentage ) for 4 pizzas . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't find a picture of it , all sites that had an article about it used stock photos . 
  it amazes me how many products , especially electronics , cost less in hungary than in romania , despite the hungarians having a much higher vat . 
  yeah , we should just care about other countries ' interests and not our own , you know , like we 've been doing for the past 25 years or so , even more so since we became part of the eu . 
  people like you are one of the reasons why romania is such a shitty country . 
  maple syrup is quite rare and expensive in romania anyway , doubt it would matter . 
  they do n't `` go back '' , they either go on vacation or go to another country . 
  there are a few gypsy palaces in my area , they are empty most of the time , they stay here 2 months every year at most , especially in the summers , when they have their flamboyant weddings , otherwise they are in the west , making money . 
  when you see cars , especially vans , in romania with french license plates , it 's almost certain it belongs to a gypsy . 
  also , that 3 months limit is not such a big deal as it is made out to be , it 's pretty rare that the authorities actually bother to deport them , because they know the gypsies can legally return whenever they want . 
  unless they are under judicial control , they can move around in europe as much as they want . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  countries have to pay a fixed amount to the eu depending on how large their economy is , but they do not receive a fixed amount from the eu . 
  government agencies , ngos or private entities have to make projects and apply for eu funding to get eu money . 
  it 's not like the eu gives money to the polish government and say `` here , do whatever you want with it '' . 
  of course , the eu does n't have unlimited money , so there are limits on the funds that each country can receive , but there is no country with a 100 % absorption rate , even poland has like 92 % . 
  romania only has around 30 % absorption rate , hence the big difference between romania and poland . 
  that has nothing to do with schengen . 
  they do n't even want to move permanently in the west ( most of them anyways ) , they just go to western europe to beg/steal , then come back to romania and build palaces and buy luxury cars . 
  in the west , they pretend to be dirt poor , so the police only sees them as beggars / petty thieves who do n't make a lot of money , when in reality they make hundreds of euros per day from illegal activities and pay zero tax . 
  when they come to romania and spend that shit , it 's pretty rare that the authorities actually bother to question them how they made it ( unless its a really big amount , like millions of euros ) . 
  so people should censor themselves to avoid hefty fines / jailtime ? 
  interesting view on `` civilisation '' , i 'm sure hitler would approve . 
  til romania has more free speech than most of the eu . 
  why does a streaming music service need so many employees anyway ? 
  facebook has a market cap like 40 times that of spotify , but only around 13.000 employees . 
  this is not exactly news , we 've met all the conditions like 5 years ago . 
   what i 'm saying however is that it is not a government policy and thus ought to be done secretly just because igor from yakutsk does n't know about it , it does n't mean it 's not government policy . 
  every country has secret policies . 
  the real question here is does vlad know about this shit before it happens . 
  if he does , then it 's government policy . 
   it 's been almost 2 years since the accident , ` valuable information ' my arse . 
  and the point is ? 
  a simple murder investigation can go on for decades , let alone a plane crash that can have serious diplomatic consequences .
