  almost nothing is known about teszari aside from the obvious things , that he owns rds , that he lives in oradea and that he 's rich as fuck . 
  ~ ~ but should n't they have french cd plates then ( which look different ) . 
  also , it would make more sense for the french embassy to use renaults , since it 's owned by the state . ~ ~ yep , it 's probably a french embassy car . 
  that plate does n't look very french to me . 
  ridiculous . 
  we have cyclists , but most of them think the rules of the road do n't apply to them , so they cycle like total maniacs , putting their lives at risk . 
  cycling infrastructure is also shit , most bike lanes look like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/abm5tq9.jpg ), 
  i 'm serious :  two police officers from the c\u0103l\u0103ra\u0219i county police have been arrested for raping a 15 year old girl , after she ran away from a welfare center . 
  the two officers found the girl on the streets , took her to an abandoned shooting range , where they brutally raped her . 
  the girl was later found by a shepherd who took her to a hospital and contacted the authorities . 
  yeah , it 's just normal romanian press . 
  maybe it 's just a coincidence , or just that they now cover gang rapes more , but apparently gang rapes have skyrocketed all across the country since they started covering this story . 
  just some recent examples : a girl from caracal was abducted and brutally gang-raped by 4 men ( one of whom was a soldier ) on her 18th birthday as her 15 year old friend watched in horror an 18 year old girl from timisoara wanted to satisfy her boyfriend 's fantasy for a threesome , she ended up being beaten and raped by three men . 
  a 15 year old girl who ran away from a child welfare center was raped by two cops . 
  i did n't say that , it 's your own conclusion . 
  well the thing is he never talks with the press and there are like only 3 photos of him which ever became public . 
  even most rds employees never met him . 
  one of the few things that are known for sure is that he lives in a house in the forest , near oradea . 
  one of the legends says that there were some rds workers near brasov who were sitting and waiting near a pole . 
  a man dressed in athletic attire approached them and asked why were they waiting . 
  they said they were waiting to get permission to cut off communications so they could start working . 
  the man then grabbed a pair of pliers , cut the cable and said `` now you can get to work '' . 
  the man is said to have been teszari . 
  another legend says that once he was watching some rds workers unloading some boxes , and one of the workers ( who did n't know who he was ) , asked why he was sitting instead of helping them . 
  teszari then sat up and started helping them to unload the boxes . 
  another worker then recognised him and asked him why he was unloading boxes and he told him he thought it was a normal thing for him to help . 
  a third legend is that he never travels by plane , only by car . 
  another one is that he is a good friend of marius vizer , the president of the internation judo federation , who in turn is a good friend of putin . 
  the gdp per capita does not accurately reflect the quality of life , especially since many romanians work abroad . 
  for example , it is extremely common for romanians to work abroad , buy stuff from there , like cars , furniture , electronics etc. 
  which they then bring back to romania . 
  all those goods have virtually no impact on romania 's gdp . 
  it is also very common for romanians to enlist friends to help them build or renovate houses , they get paid under the table , so for example , if someone spends $ 100.000 to build a home , the tax authorities will probably only know about $ 60.000 or so , the other $ 40.000 having no impact on gdp . 
  another thing to take into consideration is that there is huge difference between standards of living in urban and rural areas . 
  almost 45 % of romanians live in the countryside and many survive on subsidence farming , thus having a very small impact on the economy . 
  this is pretty huge , since almost 30 % of the workforce is employed in agriculture , but agriculture only contributes like 7 % to gdp . 
  in contrast , 2 % of the workforce works in it and has the same contribution to the gdp . 
   i bet most people in western europe could go there and show off without even trying . 
  maybe 10-15 years ago that statement was true , today not so much , especially in cities . 
  i 've seen more cars over $ 100.000 in bucharest than in vienna . 
  popular summer resorts in romania are also pretty much packed with ferraris , lambos , maseratis , bentleys , aston martins and so on . 
  porsches are so common , no one even turns when they see one . 
   in my town the gypsies own most of the nice old ( ~ 1900 ) houses and they make a killing by renting them out . 
  ( and of course no one will be late with their rent because $ consequences ) . 
  yup , they do that shit in romania as well . 
  there are like 1.5 million romanians and gypsies in italy , they 're kind of impossible to miss and pretty easy to tell apart . 
   \u00cen rom\u00e2nia the company that gave us that great internet and mobile phone plans has a tv station ( digi24 ) that is really unbiased . 
  yeah , zoltan teszari has so much money i doubt he gives a flying fuck about politics . 
  he 's probably one of the very few legit big businessmen in romania . 
  he 's also extremely mysterious , there are even urban legends about him . 
  i 'm sure we , as well as all the eastern part of the eu , would have no problem with that , but i agree it would create a massive shitstorm and i do n't know how it would even work . 
  i would say israel is less creepy than iran , for us anyway . 
  money talks . 
  romania used to have unbiased media before the crisis , when they could make enough money just from advertising , now it mostly depends on their owners ' political views . 
  edit : digi24 is pretty much unbiased , but that 's because the owner , zoltan teszari , has so much money he does n't give a fuck about politics , in fact he does n't even give a fuck about advertising ( most adverts on digi24 are from its parent company , rds , the guys with 1 gbps internet for $ 12/month ) . 
  i did n't know heating with wood pellets was so popular in europe . 
  here , it 's pretty rare , i mean people in the countryside still heat their homes with raw wood , but in the cities it 's mostly gas , sometimes electricity . 
  in romania , the line between `` quality '' media and tabloids is very blurred , in that they all produce low quality content . 
  the latest big scandal is about 7 guys who raped an 18 year old girl in vaslui county ( basically the poorest , shitiest county in romania , full of hillbilly types ) . 
  the rape happened in november 2014 , but only got attention this year , when the rapists were set free , because they had been under house arest , and house arrest was deemed unconstitutional over a technicality . 
  the `` quality '' media started acting like shit , publishing every single detail of the rape , including all the orifices where she was raped and the fact that one of the rapists was a virgin . 
  they did n't even stop here , they published an article with the title `` the unbelievable boldness of the 7 rapists : it was n't rape , it was surprise sex '' . 
  the quote , as it turned out , did n't even belong to the rapists themselves , just one of their retarded hillbilly friends , who had nothing to do with the rape . 
  despite this , they insisted to publish his very charming [ photo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zzobzts.jpg ) . 
  the tabloids of course had to keep up and go even lower than that , by quoting an underworld boss who promised the rapists would experience surprise sex when they get to prison . 
  they also published some bs about the victim planning to marry one of her rapists . 
  the lowest of the low , however , was achieved by a major tv station , which had a live interview with the victim , where [ they did n't even blur her face ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6dvhcni.png ) and also revealed her full name . 
  just in case anyone is interested , [ here is a photo of all the 7 rapists ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vzopist.jpg ) . 
  they 're probably to deter pickpockets . 
  this is going to sound very politically incorrect , but maybe it 's because christians are less likely to blow themselves up or commit mass murder . 
  ok , ok , terrorists are not `` true muslims '' , it 's a `` religion of peace '' , bla bla , whatever . 
  the point is , both slovakia and poland are predominantly christian , so it 's obvious why they would want people who are more likely to integrate in their societies . 
  muslims are also known to be quite intolerant of people who do n't share their beliefs and especially those who mock their beliefs . 
  i do n't think christians are perfect , i 'm an atheist myself , but i do n't think if i would mock jesus i would risk getting shot ... 
   exhibit d : gypsy pop singer . 
  - i wish i was joking ... now to be fair , you 're comparing a romanian singer with 9 million views to a gypsy with 26.000 . 
  here 's a more [ balanced comparison ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8r_lvjaep1m ) ( a gypsy with 9 million views ) . 
  you live in italy and ca n't tell apart a romanian from a gypsy ? 
  either you spend too much time inside your house or you 're trying to bullshit me . 
  oh , but these gypsies live in huge palaces as well . 
  in that case i would suggest hungary , it 's good quality and will probably cost less than $ 1500 ( the surgery and hospital bill ) . 
  it 's top quality , but expensive as fuck . 
  it really depends on what you want , something like brain surgery or treatment for leukemia is obviously going to cost a lot more than some simple surgery . 
  romania is very good and affordable for dental work . 
  for everything else , vienna all the way . 
  no autonomies , but we can gib many cig\u00e1nyok if hungary wants . 
  butthurt detected . 
  what 's the company called , maybe i can check out their website or something ? 
  how can you tell it 's rented ? 
  also , the plate reads a ur , aur means gold in romanian . 
  gypsies like gold very much , i doubt it 's just a coincidence . 
  yep , i think so . 
  [ yup , one or two ... one or two ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdfk2wqros0 ), 
  it is also the day when romanian dictator nicolae ceausescu made [ this speech . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blvcntxxibq ), 
  he also reminds me of [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=467myuf36ha ) . 
  that guy looks like a serious threat to russia 's food supply . 
  wtf is wrong with estonia ? 
  the unification of the entire country after wwi . 
  coincidentally , that is also hungary 's most butthurt moment .
