  basically , all major pro-eu parties are involved with plahotniuc in some way , the only ones who will realistically fill that gap once plaha is gone are dodon and usatyi . 
  that would be like getting rid of putin and replacing him with kim jong un . 
  there is need for a new pro-eu movement to form and gain credibility before plahotniuc can be thrown into the trash can . 
  the da is shooting themselves in the foot by parading with dodon and usatyi and i have serious doubts about the intentions of da leaders as well , since they all have dubious backgrounds . 
  i have to say , i 'm pretty impressed by how russia managed to manipulate pro-eu people to protest in their interest . 
  then again , horde mentality generally affects one 's ability to think logically . 
   i do n't think granting too much freedom is good thing neither . 
  see sweden and germany what happens when your own personal bias gets in the way of reporting crimes . 
  news is always biased , the problem is when all major news outlets are biased heavily towards only one side . 
  afaik , afd is n't euroskeptic in the traditional sense , they just do n't like the euro very much . 
  it depends on how you define `` patriotic '' . 
  i love my country , but that does n't mean i love or support its government or that i love every aspect of my country 's culture . 
  yeah , those pesky citizens , they need to be kept in check , damn spoiled brats !, 
  do n't worry , theresa may is watching them , you know , just to make sure they do n't do something too stupid for their own good ... / s, 
   when swiss style democracy is discussed , people always bring up the extreme examples where things have been passed that are very contoversial ( minaret-law , mass-imigration law etc. ) . 
  i do n't find it controversial , if people do n't want minarets or mass immigration , it 's their right to refuse these things . 
  as long as fundamental human rights are not at stake ( i.e. 
  people voting to have people of a different ethnicity deported/killed or people voting to have other stripped of their right to vote ) , they should be able to decide whatever they want for their country . 
  i think having people decide on what they want for their country is better than letting a small number of politicians who can be influenced by lobbyists , other countries or simply some arbitrary values which are not shared by the majority of the people . 
  imho , a swiss style of direct democracy would be the best thing that could happen to my country , but it probably never will , since this idea gives politicians and other powerful groups the chills , for them this idea is more scary than the dna . 
  as i said , that 's the really big challenge , getting countries to cooperate . 
  we should start by trying to fix the migrant crisis together , if we can manage that , then we can start thinking about lunar outposts and mars missions . 
  you should n't be thinking of buying a ferrari when your house is close to crumbling on you . 
   either way , this is just more proof that the ruble is not collapsing as some here and in the media have suggested . 
  this likely was the central bank intervening with foreign reserves to try and prevent further collapse . 
  it 's not like this magically solves russia 's economic problems . 
  as long as the price of oil stays low , russia is pretty much fucked . 
  $ 100b is not that much , spread between the 28 member states , proportional with their gdp and also over time ( they wo n't need the entire 100b in the first year ) . 
  however this would require very close cooperation between eu countries , which is a challenge to say the least . 
  i mean , 4 casualties for something as big as getting man on mars , i think that 's acceptable . 
  tbh , i do n't really care , if they want to leave so badly , they just leave already and stop throwing tantrums all the time . 
  i 've never felt that britain was ever a part of the eu , they always wanted to do shit their own way , heck , they probably get along better with india than the rest of the eu . 
  they are also quickly turning into a police state , i 'd dare to say even more aggressive than the us and out of all the eu countries , the uk has the least respect for privacy . 
   what is romania doing to fix all the organised criminality that are bringing huge amounts of prostitutes in we ? 
  etc etc. 
  has france requested the help of romanian authorities ? 
  because if not , romanian police ca n't simply take a flight to paris and start arresting prostitutes , panhandlers and organized crime bosses . 
  every few months there is some news about a huge organized crime ring being destructured ... in spain . 
  but that happens because the spanish authorities cooperate with the romanian ones much more closely . 
  france on the other hand seems to think they can solve the problems by themselves , at which they fail miserably . 
  i do n't think romania has ever refused to help any eu country which had problems with romanian crime gangs , that is , if they requested help in the first place . 
   in 2014 , france had to expulse 13000 romanian citizens because they were living in subhuman standards , make shift ghettos , tents etc. 
  they also do cause an increase in criminality . 
   i 've seen 70yo romanian ladies walking with a cane panhandling in parisian metros that 's ironic , because not 10 years ago , france was among the countries pointing their finger at romania , accusing us of mistreating gypsies and making them live in tents and subhuman conditions . 
  now they come to your country , start living in the exact same subhuman conditions , yet romania is still to blame ... 
  romanian has some slavic vocabulary , but grammatically it 's closer to latin than italian . 
  the eu , in its current state , is a massive bureaucratic monster that needs to change . 
  i 'm all for a united europe , but i ca n't support all this bullshit . 
  yeah , the guy is crazy , [ he also unicycled across a dam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t8uuthgbsu ) , on the god damn railing . 
   unlike in ukraine ( and because of ukraine ) , logistics is not suitable for any sizable military interference in moldova . 
  not without starting a proper full scale war with 2 countries ( have to go through ukraine , and it is now somewhat prepared ) . 
  russia would n't openly attack moldova , they 'd just use local assets ( local dumb pro-russians , of which there are plenty ) and russian tourists . 
   plus enough pro-russian population for support moldova has more than enough pro-russians as well , just look at how many supporters dodon and usatyi have ( not that all of them would fight for russia , but i 'm pretty sure the younger ones would , as they are extremely dumb and impressionable by putin 's macho image ) . 
   ca n't even properly resupply transnistria in peacetime now , with ukrainian routes ( land , river , and air ) all closed . 
  transnistrians have been smuggling shit across the border , to and from ukraine , for two decades , they are experts at this . 
  plus , moldova 's army is really shit , you would n't need much to fuck with it , a few thousand determined men with aks and rpgs and they 're pretty much fucked unless nato steps in . 
  do n't forget that moldova 's army is basically shit . 
  their annual budget is like 16 million euros , i 'm sure there are some russian oligarchs who pay more for their security than moldova pays for its fucking army . 
  with such a joke of an army it would take very little resources to humiliate it , all of which could be easily smuggled through ukraine into transnistria or even straight to moldova proper , which has its own fair share of pro-russians . 
  the problem is that plahotniuc is n't just a random corrupt politician , he controls pretty much everything that moves in moldova , including politicians , judges , prosecutors etc. 
  so he ca n't simply go down like any other corrupt asshole . 
  if you want to see something really scary , [ here is a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlp5hlyrtne ) of a romanian guy climbing a huge chimney just for the lulz . 
   definitely , you could think of it as romania buying moldova , the same way as a company buying another failing one and taking on their debts and changing their administration , expecting it to provide future profit . 
  yeah , except moldova does n't have any resources other than land and 3.5 million poor people , many with almost no valuable skills . 
  also a big chunk of those people would likely be toxic assets , since they are pro-russians and would really hate to be in a union with romania . 
  these people could give long term headaches to romania with things like russian backed separatist movements and possibly even terrorism . 
  also , from the few people who actually do have some valuable skills , most would probably use the first chance to leave for a more developed eu country . 
  romania has been actually giving citizenship to lots of moldovans during the past decade and almost 10 % of moldovans have romanian citizenship . 
  some have stayed in moldova , others have moved to romania , but most have used their romanian passport to move to other eu countries . 
   corruption is corruption regardless of the size of the money they take then , by your definition all countries are equally corrupt , because there is no country on this planet which is entirely corruption free . 
   when i said that if they united with romania they would be getting corrupt romanians it is because in the case of unification it would be very probable that romania would be the controller of the union with moldova , are you telling me that your government is n't corrupt ? 
  let 's take a look at some numbers first : country | romania | moldova | united romania ----------- | ------------ | ----------- | ------------------- population | 19.511.000 | 3.559.000 | 23.070.000 ^ ( +18,24 % ) gdp ( ppp ) | $ 462,945 billion | $ 17,693 billion | $ 480,638 billion ^ ( +3,82 % ) gdp ( ppp ) / capita | $ 23.727 | $ 4.971 | $ 20.833 ^ ( -12,1 % ) as you can see , the difference in gdp per capita is huge , almost 5:1 . 
  by comparison , portugal 's gdp per capita is only 17 % higher than romania 's . 
  if romania and moldova were to unite ( which i hope wo n't happen in the near future ) , romania would have to pour massive amounts of money into moldova , just to bring it to the level of the poorest romanian counties . 
  i 'm sure part of the money that would be poured into moldova would get stolen because of corrupt politicians , but there 's no way moldova would be worse off from a union with romania . 
  romania would be the loser since it would have to foot the entire bill . 
  ok , so are you willing to take my bet then ? 
  i 'm certain you 'll get it right this time with the early elections , just like you did it 7 years ago . 
  i assure you , i 'd love to see plahotniuc rot away in some shitty , moldy prison cell as much as anyone , but changing a monster with two others is n't the solution . 
  there are many solutions of getting rid of plahotniuc without bringing these two fuckers on board , but early elections is n't one of them . 
   i honestly think usat\u00eei and dodon will not have enough votes to form a majority voronin will surely help them with that , it 's not like he has spine . 
   but even if they did , it 's pretty much impossible that it 's going to be worse than plahotniuc . 
  well , let 's see : - dodon is basically a loyal russian puppet , he will do everything in his power to transform moldova into one big transnistria . 
  but do n't worry , look at the bright side , at least you 'll get transnistria back !, 
  - usatyi ... well , [ this is usatyi ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kk1xniu.jpg ) , basically a mini pablo escobar without the drugs , but all the other ingredients , like shady businesses , intimidations , assassinations , giving money to poor people in exchange for votes , oh , and links to the fsb come as a bonus . 
  are you ready to bet ? 
  i 'll bet you $ 100 that moldova will be an even worse shithole than it is today if these two grab on to power . 
   and they just recently joined forces with the pro-russian ones in an attempt to call for early elections . 
  and please tell me , who is going to benefit from early elections ? 
  the pro-eu and pro-russian protesters might have joined forces against plahotniuc , but in the end only the pro-russians will benefit . 
  i would see the point if there were a legit alternative to plahotniuc 's puppets , but i 'm pretty sure dodon and usatyi will be even worse . 
  just look at the ukrainians , they replaced tymoshenko with yanukovych , we all know how that worked out , right ? 
  comparing corruption in romania with corruption in moldova is like comparing switzerland and greece . 
  in romania , corruption is very widespread , yes , but in moldova it happens at the institutional level , it 's almost like state policy . 
  that 's old news , bruce lee is currently under arrest for drug trafficking , along with 24 other sewer dwellers . 
  he is no longer king of the sewers , i do n't know if anyone else took his place . 
  the fence is pretty shitty though , yeah , still better than no fence , but it would n't stop a pack of seriously determined intruders . 
   like sending european naval forces to patrol the agean and med , and turn back the boats with the threat of being fired upon if necessary . 
  that wo n't happen , they 're too pussy . 
  you can still have jobs across the border , it just means it 's gon na take more time to commute .
