  the decent , qualified people were always welcome in europe even before the eu , but since the eu , discrimination affects almost everyone , because the dumb fucks have ruined the reputation for decent people as well . 
  my point is that i do n't think every romanian should be allowed to freely move around europe and neither should isis . 
  yeah , the eu , allowed free travel for romanian citizens because the eu is one big charity , not because they wanted to buy stuff at discounted prices ( like petrom ) , not because they wanted a market to sell their stuff in ( auchan , lidl , kaufland , billa , metro , carrefour , none are romanian ) and surely not because they wanted dumb fucks who would work shit jobs for $ 5 an hour . 
  of course not , they just wanted the best for romanians . 
  [ 2.6 billion ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2012/nov/22/eu-budget-spending-contributions-european-union ) and our contribution was 1.1 billion , so that 's only a net gain of 1.5 billion . 
  yeah , you can have your 1.5 billion back , just a second , i need to pull it from my ass . 
  as a side note , amongst the many conditions for receiving that money , no where did it say we needed to suck juncker 's dick , so we 're not going to do it . 
  who does this fucker think he is , anyway ? 
  juncker can go fuck himself , together with all the other fuckers who support the mandatory migrant quotas , that is all . 
   there are about 2000-3000 homeless romanian romani just here in stockholm 15 years ago your ngos were coming here , talking down on us for not trying hard enough to integrate to roma . 
  the roma are eu citizens now , they can go wherever the fuck they want , so now they 're your problem . 
  deal with it !, 
  give them housing , jobs ( good luck convincing them to work ) or send them to prison , do whatever you want . 
  you guys like to brag about your multicultural society , not us . 
  if we 're unable to integrate the roma , which have been here for hundreds of years , how do you think we 're going to integrate radical muslims from the middle east or africa ? 
  if we 'll try to integrate them our way , then your ngos will be back here in no time screaming about human rights abuses . 
  if it was up to us , we would build something like the israel - west bank barrier to keep them out of europe , but if western europe wants them in , we are too weak to oppose , but do n't force us to take in more than we can , you have more money , better infrastructure , if you want them , take them , if you do n't , deport them to wherever they came from , but do n't send here , we are n't your trash dumpster . 
  if they 're willing to help so much , why do n't they fucking take them ? 
  `` we 're gon na build mosques in germany '' , yeah saudis , please go fuck yourselves , thank you !, 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  it 's a group of women 's rights ngos . 
  croatia has a nice coast line ... 
  i would agree with that , but under the condition that you send back all of them , not just the unskilled ones . 
  send back all the doctors , nurses , engineers , scientists , experts , developers , business owners , private contractors , we really need them and you guys need space for the refugees . 
  fair deal , right ? 
   we really have is 27 fortresses ready to pull the drawbridges at the first sign of a problem . 
  this is starting to look less and less like a refugee crisis and more and more as an orchestrated invasion . 
  we really need to get tough on these leeches , and fast , otherwise we 're screwed . 
   the eu cares about it 's borders yup , just look at how well they 're handling the migrant crisis / s. 
  unfortunately , i do n't live in germany , but i suppose if you go there and burn your papers and claim asylum , then yeaj , you 'll probably get shelter and $ $ $ . 
  it ca n't , unlike kaliningrad , transnistria is fully landlocked , they have to transit their shit through ukraine , which i doubt would allow them . 
  also , russia already has troops in transnistria , if they really wanted to make a strong outpost there , they would have done it long ago . 
  moldova is an artificial state , transnistria was never moldovan to begin with . 
  there are some 33 % moldovans living in transnistria , but they are so russified they would be a pain in the ass for moldova . 
  if i would be in charge of moldova , i would start negotiations for the independence of transnistria immediately , with the only condition that the transnistrians get the fuck out of bender , which is on the west side of the dnister . 
  i honestly do n't know why moldovans want to hold on to that shithole , it has no economy besides smuggling and russian subsidies . 
  even if moldova , by a miracoe , gained control of transnistria , the territory is simply infested with brainwashed pro-russian scum who think putin is the second coming of christ . 
  it would not help moldova move forward at all . 
  that being said , no matter how the transnistrian conflict is resolved , eu integration for moldova is a myth , it 's extremely unlikely it will happen unless moldova unites with romania , which would basically mean entering the eu through the back door . 
   edit : sorry was thinking you 're moldovan , but those are vertical stripes and slightly different colors . 
  yep , it 's the flag of transylvania . 
  no , they have to be in germany to apply for asylum , that 's why there are thousands illegally crossing border after border . 
  if they could , they would apply , they 're not that dumb . 
   you can be sure that any incursion into moldova from their occupied province would be met by action from romania . 
  you made me laugh today . 
  nope , not going to happen . 
  romania would n't lift a finger unless nato backs it up ( which it wo n't ) . 
  yes , romania would scream about sanctions , take most refugees , maybe send some weapons to moldova , but that would be pretty much it . 
   with the hopes that russia would interfere and back their independence/russian annexation . 
  i do n't think they would even need russian back up , moldova 's defense is so crappy , if you took 5 % of / r/europe subscribers , armed them with the cheapest ak-47 variant , show them a few rambo and chuck norris films , they could take over moldova in a matter of days . 
  it 's not de jure , but it is de facto . 
  they ca n't establish diplomatic relations with other states , but other than that , moldova has no authority whatsoever over what goes on in transnistria . 
  at some point , i think they will realize they do n't even need little green men to take over moldova , they can just expand the jurisdiction of transnistrian police to include the entire country and probably nobody would even notice before shevchuk moves his hq to chisinau . 
  edit : also , [ here ] ( http://www.publika.md/trei-militieni-transnistreni-au-fost-retinuti-intr-un-sat-din-raionul-hancesti_2386821.html ) it says there were three cops , not two . 
  they ca n't , and should n't use border police to secure the border with transnistria , as it 's not an official country . 
  at the moment , they use regular police officers to watch the border , but from my experience , moldovan police is just as incompetent as the army ( especially the carabinieri , which are basically conscripts who did n't make it in the army ) , and even if they were n't super incompetent ( which they are ) , they would n't have enough man power anyway . 
   what the fuck are the moldovan authorities doing ? 
  there 's not much they can do , [ their army is basically a joke ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuqrhsnuyba ) , so it 's pretty much impossible to secure the border with transnistria . 
  two moldovan journalists were arrested by transnistrian police after filming the opening festivities at a romanian school in the village of corjova , officially controlled by moldovan authorities . 
  the journalists were held for more than five hours and their video footage was destroyed . 
  this is not the first incident of transnistrian police [ breaking their jurisdiction ] ( http://www.publika.md/trei-militieni-transnistreni-au-fost-retinuti-intr-un-sat-din-raionul-hancesti_2386821.html ) , last week , three transnistrian policemen were arrested in western moldova , after trying to kidnap a man they claimed was wanted for several thefts . 
  the transnistrian police is also known for their attempts at intimidating romanian schools , there are only 8 romanian schools left in transnistria and their staff and students are constantly being harassed by transnistrian authorities which have been trying to close them down for years . 
  last year , a romanian high school in bender had it 's electricity cut during the opening festivities to prevent the intonation of the moldovan anthem . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://m.thelearningcurve.pearson.com/index/index-ranking ), 
  this sound eerily similar to the romanian system , which makes it no wonder we are second worst , after you . 
  yeah , it is . 
  unfortunately , it is not administered by the city , but by the romanian railways ( cfr ) , which is pretty much broke . 
  they mayor had to resort to threats just to make them clean it up a bit as the smell of urine and feces became unbearable . 
  the station is a magnet for the lowest of the low . 
   their figure seems to come from an alternate reality that google created for them in which brussels catastrophically lost 85 % of its population in 2000-2001 . lol . 
  why are there europeans who care what goes on in the us ? 
  why are there europeans who care about the situation in israel/palestine ? 
  why are there europeans who care about what goes on in any part of the world that is n't europe ? 
  people have the right to care about whatever they want . 
  does anyone else think the guy with the red cap and headphones does n't look syrian at all ? 
  i mean he looks pretty slavic if you ask me . 
  that 's true , but i would still prefer to keep schengen and secure the external eu borders instead , to stop these people from coming in in the first place . 
  if they would also move their troops from eastern ukraine to syria , that would be awesome . 
  it depends , if governments do n't act to cut the flow of migrants , it might even result in civil wars and the complete collapse of the eu . 
  if governments do decide to act , together , in a coordinated way , i believe it will result in the eu becoming much stronger and more united . 
  i really hope it will be the latter scenario , but you know what they say : `` hope for the best but prepare for the worst '' . 
  living in a non-schengen country , i can say schengen is n't really that fundamental , most of the time it takes less than 5 minutes to cross the border . 
  schengen has a big benefit for trucking companies , but that 's about it . 
  when i first saw the keleti station in budapest i wondered why ca n't timisoara have a nice railway station like that . 
  now , i take my words back . 
  what the fuck is wrong with this continent ? 
  ** romania ** bucharest - arrogant , lots of unwarranted self importance , they think they are the center of the universe oltenia - ignorant , dishonest , they talk too much moldavia - hillbillies , drunks , most events shown on the 5 o'clock news ( murders , rapes , child abuse ) happen here transylvania & amp ; banat - calm , calculated , hard working , honest , westernized immigrants from the republic of moldova - russified , crazies , professional drunks , really hot women, 
  i think it 's pretty clear at this point that liberal democracy works better in some countries than in others . 
  some people need a dictator to keep them in check or else they are going to go full retard at the first chance . 
  you also know the us is much more violent than europe , right ? 
  that there still are racial tensions in many areas , right ? 
  that there 's lots of discrimination , right ? 
  the us became what it is today after winning the second world war and after the collapse of the ussr . 
  it sure helps when pretty much all developed countries are on your side . 
  when your currency is the de facto world currency . 
  countries like poland and the czech republic seem to do pretty well without needing hordes of migrants to invade them . 
  yes , migrants sometimes do bring economic growth , but if they are from third world countries this growth comes at a high social cost , wages stagnate or go down , there are tensions , violence . 
  the only ones who benefit are the rich , because they love cheap labour and do n't care about the social problems because they live in secure communities . 
  i 'm not paranoid , just trying to imagine vaslui county ... with guns .
