   the problem is our driving culture here sucks , not the driving skills . 
  i think `` driving culture '' has lots of reasons , but imho the most important ones are poor driver 's education and lack of proper enforcement by the police . 
  the system in romania is very similar to the one in poland , at first sight it seems really difficult , but as with most things in eastern europe , practice is very different from theory . 
  in theory , you are required to pass a medical and psychological exam and a 30 hour legislation course before you are even allowed to touch a steering wheel . 
  after that you are required to drive with a driving instructor for another 30 hours , then to pass a theoretical exam consisting of 26 questions picked from a set of a few thousand or so ( some also very obscure ) , of which you have to answer at least 22 correctly . 
  finally , you have to pass a driving exam , with the examiner being a cop . 
  in practice , what happens is that many people go to less reputable driving schools which are only concerned with making money , not putting safe drivers on the roads . 
  so , for a little extra paid to the driving school , you can get your medical and psychological exams without even seeing a doctor . 
  you can pass the legislative course without even attending it . 
  also , instead of the required 30 hours of driving , shitty driving schools actually make you drive 10 or 15 , then just say you finished the practical training . 
  the theoretical exam might seem difficult , but you do n't actually need to learn the legislation , if you do practice tests for a few days before the exam , you will learn most answers by heart and most likely pass it . 
  the practice test lasts 10-15 minutes at most , which imho is not enough to judge how good/bad a driver someone is . 
  first , this varies a lot by country , it 's not the same everywhere . 
  secondly , i think that at least in the case of some countries , like for example romania , italy , poland , getting a driver 's license is way to easy , because there are so many idiots who should n't even be allowed to sit in the front passenger seat . 
  not really a surprise , rogozin is a special kind of idiot , it would have been better news if he had actually shot himself in the head though , he would have likely gotten the darwin award for 2015 . 
  the data seems bullshit , at least for romania , according to google the most searched brands are bmw and opel , mercedes comes third , dacia fourth and volkswagen only 5th . 
  anyway , i fail to see how this matters , as the cars people search for do n't seem to be correlated with the cars people actually buy . 
  for example , i 'm pretty sure a lot more people search for ferraris and lamborghinis than people who can actually afford those kinds of cars . 
  i just hope rutracker will still be around , it 's one of my favorite torrent sites . 
  well , the romanian constitution goes something like this :  ( 1 ) the family is founded on the freely consented marriage of the spouses , their full equality , as well as the right and duty of the parents to ensure the upbringing , education and instruction of their children . 
   ( 2 ) the terms for entering into marriage dissolution and nullity of marriage shall be established by law . 
  religious wedding may be celebrated only after the civil marriage . 
  the polish one says :  marriage , being a union of a man and a woman , as well as the family , motherhood and parenthood , shall be placed under the protection and care of the republic of poland . 
  what this means , basically , is that in romania same-sex marriage could be passed by parliament with a simple majority , while in poland you would need to change your constitution . 
  so poland was doing great , best economic growth in europe , crisis went almost unfelt , so the poles basically said , things are going too good , lets fuck shit up by electing pis . 
  at least this is what the media says . 
   even here in italy , they can also fine you if you do n't have a muzzle ( for all dogs ) . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  do n't forget that yandex/vk are way more popular in russia than google/facebook . 
  if russian business `` encouraged '' to accept payments with this card , i can imagine it getting traction rather quickly . 
   i 'm not sure i understand the issue . 
  the netherlands has no constitutional court and the constitution expressly forbids judges from testing against the constitution . 
  what 's the point of the constitution if there are no judges that can test laws against it ? 
  are people simply supposed to trust that mps always consult the constitution before adopting laws ? 
  what happens if some party like the pvv gets an absolute majority and decide they want to shit on the constitution ? 
  not having a control mechanism is just stupid imho and should n't be taken as an example by other countries . 
  does anyone else find the indian accent in english just really , really fucking annoying ? 
  can you still buy that shit ? 
  asking for a friend ... 
  since i broke up with my gf last month , i went to my parents ' place for the first part of day , now i 'm back home , probably going to browse reddit , play some playstation games , get some pizza and later get a call girl . 
  moldovans do this too . 
  they speak their russian-romanian hybrid language who no one , neither romanians , nor russians can understand . 
   woah , never heard of people `` fleeing '' to romania . 
  yup , almost as crazy as the idea of people fleeing to serbia . 
  the article says he was tried in absentia . 
  even so , if a guy suspected of war crimes goes into hiding for 20 years , i do n't think the `` he dindu nuffin '' argument holds up . 
  the article says he lived near timisoara and tried not to attract attention to himself . 
  he was caught when he tried to go to germany by the border police because he acted `` suspicious '' . 
  honestly , he could n't have picked a worse time to try to leave romania , especially since the border police is on high alert after the paris attacks and because of the holiday season . 
  for the same reason a country like moldova needs to exist . 
  it 's incorrect to say people come from a dick , they just go through the dick , like a bullet goes through a gun barrel . 
  people actually come from the balls , just like bullets come from the magazine . 
  hungarian cursing is like an art form . 
  well , if we 're talking about the origins of humankind , we all start in coaie , get out via pula , end up in pizda , stay there for 9 months , then come out . 
  polan stronk !, 
   these same arguments were used in the eighties when people said we should n't boycott south africa because it will also hurt the black population . 
  coincidentally , the fall of apartheid has turned south africa in the shit hole that it is today . 
  but at least there 's no more racism in south africa , right ? 
  / s israel has my respect , they are a small country surviving in a hostile environment and if they were to back down , there would be terrorists attacking them from all sides . 
  if you are from pula and ever decide to travel to romania , when people ask you where you 're from , just say croatia . 
  telekom is shit , they had a contract with the romanian government to bring high speed broadband to like 700 disadvantaged villages by the end of 2015 , so far they only managed to bring it to about 100 . 
  i , for one , am a dedicated rds customer , they 're a romanian company and do n't spend millions of euros on advertising like telekom/upc/vodafone / orange do , instead choosing to focus on actually delivering blazing fast data speeds on the cheap . 
  if it was n't for rds , i 'm pretty sure we would still be paying 20 euros per month for like 10 mb/s . 
  just take them to a god damn police station and force them to give fingerprints already !, 
  why should we stand by and watch as the rule of law breaks down because of these fucks ? 
  we need to show them who 's boss , if they do n't like it , they can fuck off to the shit holes they came from . 
  europe needs to stop acting like it has a fucking carrot inside its ass . 
  people do n't smoke inside universities , but the c\u0103mine ... that 's a different story . 
  i 'm a smoker and i agree with the smoking ban . 
  if smoking is only banned in certain bars and cafes , it just means smokers will flock to the ones where smoking is allowed , which in many cases might be lower quality then the ones where smoking is banned . 
  if smoking is banned everywhere , it just means smokers will have to adapt and smoke less and choose the places they frequent based on quality , not on wether smoking is allowed or not . 
  this means that the only places which will be losing business will be the ones which were shitty in the first place , but were the only ones where smoking was allowed in that specific area . 
   during the voting process was some confusions and a few members of the parliament did n't know what they were voting for . 
  that happens all the time . 
   happens to regular companies as well . 
  nokia is still a tech company , you do n't see this shit happening to companies like coca-cola or nike , unless there 's a major scandal ( i.e. 
  vw ) or a pretty serious financial crisis ( i.e. 
  chrysler ) . 
  nokia failed exactly like myspace failed , it could n't keep up with the innovation . 
  they kept rolling shitty symbian phones at a time when the market was being conquered by android and ios . 
  even microsoft was too late to the game , look at them now , trying to find ways to make it easier for developers to port android and ios apps to windows phone , because no one wants to write windows phone apps from scratch . 
  the good part is that these ungrateful fucks who return to their native shitholes will hopefully tell all their friends that europe is shit and the migrant waves will become smaller and smaller . 
  this seems to be our only hope , as politicians do n't seem to be doing too much about it . 
  yes , that 's true , but i think modern international travel is so quick , it really depends more on how long it takes to switch a flight , pass border checks and of course obtain the documents required to travel to certain countries . 
  i find it funny though that nowadays it takes more time to travel from bucharest to sibiu than it takes to travel from bucharest to london . 
  that 's not how it works in a business environment , when you make a business acquisition , you normally expect to get more money off it than you paid for it . 
  only time will tell if this was a good decision , but i sincerely doubt it will ever make its money back . 
  but then again , zuckerberg is billionaire , i 'm not , so he probably knows better than me how to make money . 
   it was a competitor , facebook bought it to stifle competition and maintain its monopoly . 
  still , it competed with facebook in just one area , one that 's actually very difficult to monetize . 
  sure , it has one billion users or so , but most are from developing countries like india , so i doubt many are the types of people who could afford to spend too much on useless products with high profit margins ( the kinds of products you normally find advertised on the web ) . 
  also getting targeted ads on a messaging platform , without it looking like the blatant invasion of privacy it is , is quite tricky . 
  pretty sure it wo n't be that many drones , these are n't consumer grade ones so they will surely be a lot more expensive than consumer grade ones . 
  also , i do n't know if this half a million is just for the drones themselves or if it also includes maintenance and training for the operators . 
  also , do n't forget this is still eastern europe , so at least 10 % of that contract is going to end up in some politician 's pocket . 
  in the end , it 's probably going to be like 4-5 drones at most . 
  also , i 'm not a big fan of drones in general , tbh . 
  the number of ways that even consumer grade drones can be used to invade people 's privacy is ridiculous . 
  this problem will only continue to get worse as drones become smaller , easier to use , cheaper and have more autonomy . 
   is it really `` nothing '' ?
