  pretty sure a simple google search for something like `` rica raducanu te pui cu blondele '' will give you that . 
  you evil , evil man . 
  now i ca n't unsee that . 
  damn !, 
   so maybe we have to import chinese men to compensate . 
  why would you do that ? 
  just legalize polygamy and start a government program called foursomes for everyone or something . 
   til voting in the us do n't real . 
  americans have just two realistic options , democrats and republics , neither are pro-snowden . 
  if you ask me , there 's no real democracy in this world , public opinion can be manipulated via the media and other methods . 
  for example , look at how they are trying to use rape allegations to get their hands on assange . 
  many people think the allegations are bullshit , but you ca n't deny this has affected his reputation , quite a bit . 
  fact remains , if you 're going to piss off powerful people it 's likely you will get fucked , eventually . 
   so you are saying it was n't germans who were responsible for ww2 , but the german government ? 
  godwin 's law much ? 
  we have more women than your entire population , so if that happened , according to the principles of majority rule , it would be you who would have to learn romanian , instead of them learning swedish , but at least you would have more than 3 women for every man . 
  just a question , i do n't get it how it was so difficult to get an exact body count from the very start , i mean they were in a god damn truck , not spread out over miles , and i also doubt the bodies were chopped off or something . 
  i 'm so jealous , in romania they only clean old buildings when they restore them , and they only think about restoring them when they start looking like someone dropped a bomb on them . 
  the family was courted by a whole army of journalists and tv stations , m\u0103ru\u021b\u0103 's producers were probably smarter than the others or simply offered them more money , who knows . 
  the point is , all the media outlets were engaged in a race to the bottom when it came to this case . 
  whoever could come up with something more shocking , more outrageous , more disgusting was the winner . 
  maybe m\u0103ru\u021b\u0103 was the worst on that day , but overall , adev\u0103rul was the worst , judging just by the number of shitty articles on this subject . 
  that was n't even the fucked up part : - three of the rapists plead guilty , 4 claim it was consensual - one of the rapists tells journalists he is proud of what he 's done . 
  - they try to buy out the victim to drop charges , victim refuses , they begin threatening her and trying to humiliate her by spreading stories - a friend of the rapists posted a message on his facebook wall , saying `` it was n't rape , it was surprise sex !, 
  we do n't deserve 5 years for 5 minutes !, 
  we support the reform : we want the sentence to be as long as the pleasure ! '', 
  - many locals supported the rapists , threatened to rape female journalists who were covering the case , accusing them of embarassing their village . 
  ueah , there has been , but the media got off cheap because most people were too busy being outraged at the rapists than at the media . 
  priorities , i guess ... 
  i think your expectations are too high . 
  this is the country where the media , after describing every detail about the rape of an 18 year old girl by 7 men , including all the orifices where she was raped and the fact that one of the rapists was a virgin , they made sure to convince her to give a live interview for one of the largest tv channels in the country , revealing her name and not even blurring her face . 
  so yeah , some nipple licking on tv is not even an issue . 
  the point of any show is to make as much money for the producers as possible . 
  the majority of romanians are blue collar so they enjoy these kinds of low quality shows . 
  i do n't think they are necessarily to give men something to masturbate to ( although that 's probably of the intent ) , as many women watching these kinds of shows as well ( including my grandma ) . 
  however , it 's important to note that only 63 % of romanians have access to the internet , so yeah , i 'm pretty sure there are a few men out there who watch these shows just to jerk off . 
  the fuck did i just watch ? 
  we found it !, 
  the reason eesti can not into nordic . 
  [ we can play this game ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fvgrtaz.jpg ), 
  yeah , but you guys do n't need that shit on tv , you have muligambia . 
  i got ta admit though , your girls are the shit , like that girl who went from milking goats and selling pears in the market [ to fucking justin bieber ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-3209704/justin-bieber-romancing-former-victorias-secret-model-xenia-deli-singer-spotted-serenading-date-landed-starring-role-new-music-video.html ) . 
  girl has a t-shirt with the old man ( former footballer ) back when he was young , she offers to swap her t-shirt with his shirt , proceedes to take it off , exposing her boobies , old man does n't hesitate , goes straight for the nipple . 
  the show is called `` dare to mess with blondes ? 
  '' , and it involves celebrities being invited to compete against a bunch of blondes in general knowledge questions . 
  you ca n't really compare voiculescu with berlusconi , neither in political , financial or sexual performance . 
  it 's also extremely unlikely we 'll hear from voiculescu any time soon , he 's supposed to spend 9 more years in prison . 
   especially if it is a gross old man sucking boobs . 
  but the old man loves young boobies . 
  [ look at him how happy he is ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1veb30k.jpg ) , dat smile . 
  ric\u0103 r\u0103ducanu , [ the old man really loves titties . 
  i would n't be surprised , in romania , no tv show is considered legit unless it contains some tits and asses ( not necessarily bare , but you get what i mean ) . 
  yeah , but these shows do n't last very long , as people lose interest , because it 's basically the same stuff all the time . 
  to keep it interesting they would probably need to change the girls for every edition , which of course means they would need to constantly cast them and teach them what they 're supposed to do . 
  imagine how her back must feel . 
  do n't worry , romania is n't much different , it 's like most of our tv `` stars '' were coached by berlusconi himself . 
  in this show no , this is the first afaik , i do n't know if it was directed or anything . 
  the girl had a t-shirt with the old guy 's photo back when he was young ( the guy is a former soccer player ) and offered him to swap her t-shirt for his shirt , immediately proceeding to take it off . 
  for the best chances of seeing titties , there 's a show called `` un show p\u0103c\u0103tos '' ( `` a sinful show '' ) also on a1 . 
  i do n't like it though , because most of those girls have had more plastic surgeries than they can count . 
  the only funny part is that right-wing extremist politician vadim tudor is a regular guest of that show ( yeah , i know , welcome to romania ) . 
  we actually quite a few porn music clips , [ for example this ] ( http://vplay.ro/watch/e8rfht1t/ ) ( the fat guy is actually laura andresan 's boyfriend ), 
  yo , we need to shelter them kids from them evil titties , muh man !, 
  yeah , [ we also had something like that ] ( http://www.sport.ro/goluri-si-goale/video-micky-si-roxi-renunta-la-inhibitii-si-haine-integral-ep-5.html ) . 
  ( nsfw ), 
  it 's called `` te pui cu blondele ? 
  '' , roughly `` dare to mess with the blondes ? '' . 
  they basically invite celebrities to compete against a bunch of blondes in general knowledge questions . 
  this is actually a1 , on a3 the only titties they 're gon na see are probably ponta 's manboobs . 
  the problem is that with crimes such as rape or sexual assault you never have any `` solid data '' . 
  that happens because of several reasons , just to name a few : - being a rape victim is embarrassing , to say the least . 
  there are many rape victims who do n't even tell their families about it , let alone go to the police to press charges and start a legal nightmare . 
  also , the closer a victim is to their rapist , the more unlikely it is they will report them . 
  - not all rape accusations are true . 
  statistics often claim the percentage of false rape accusations to be around 10-15 % , but that 's based on cases where it was proven the accusations were false . 
  what about all the other cases ? 
  rape is n't a crime that usually happens with witnesses , many times it does n't even leave any physical indications , so in the end it comes down to the word of the accused against the word of the accuser . 
  - authorities in different countries do not treat rapes the same way . 
  what might be considered rape in one country , might not be considered or taken seriously in another . 
  the bottom line is that rape is n't a crime that is easily recognized like , say , murder . 
  i think it depends on the country , but in general i agree , it seems it 's most likely to be raped by acquaintances , friends or family , strangers probably come last . 
  i think it happens more often than we think , it 's just less likely for males to report it . 
  of course , if you think about some woman raping a man in a dark alleyway , yeah , that 's probably not happening ( not very often , at least ) , but if we talk strictly about non-consensual sex , i think it 's somewhat more common ( not as common as male on female rape ofc ) . 
   you are talking nonsense . 
  letting them just pass was never the hungarian approach and there would be no fence otherwise . 
  of course it 's not the official policy , hungary is a very nationalistic country , jobbik is on the rise , of course orban ca n't tell the people `` we 're just going to let them go through '' . 
  in reality however , immigration into hungary is negligible and is ony used as a theme by nationalist parties for fear mongering . 
  the proof is that an $ 35 million fence is simply not enough , compare it to a real barrier , like the israel - west bank barrier or the us - mexico border and you realize that . 
   romania will not respond to the fence with effective border controls , hungary might upgrade the fence even to iron curtain level . 
  this could happen also , when the situation escalates in the western target countries . 
   this just ` letting them through ' is at the moment how the balkan countries think , and that 's why is romania still not part of schengen . 
  romania has schengen level border controls since 2011 , complete with flir cameras , motion sensors , drones , fast response units , you name it , everything short of a friggin ' wall . 
  it 's not letting anyone `` go through '' . 
  to the contrary , while hungary insists that romania connects more roads to hungary , romania has refused , exactly because of the migrant crisis . 
  there is no fence between hungary and romania atm and no plans to build one , either . 
  at this point , i think it 's too early i doubt anyone has definitive numbers , but judging by the way it looks , i doubt the situation will improve very soon . 
  it could be , [ but it does n't look like the hungarian police is trying very hard to catch them . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eegeg3qtoum ), 
  i think it 's more likely he received it as a donation while in turkey . 
  pretty sure there 's more migrants coming in now , than there were before they started building the fence .
