  a meter of fiber optics cable costs around $ 0.50 per m in romania . 
  i assume it would be even cheaper for us telecoms because they buy wholesale . 
  anyway , that would be like $ 800 for a mile of fiber . 
  factor in the cost of a gigabit media converter for every home ( around $ 60 ) and the cost of labor ( say 4 technicians each paid $ 15/hr ) and it still should n't be that expensive , especially since the cost would be divided amongst the community . 
  the problem is the stupid regulations . 
  or rather the us government would back down . 
  probably 80 % of americans own a phone that has either apple or google software inside it . 
  it is pretty much impossible for the us government to ban their products without causing a massive shit storm . 
  they do n't need to cut out the market , there are many european companies selling in the us . 
   how fast of an internet are we talking ? 
  here is my internet : [ mobile 4g - vodafone ] ( http://i.imgur.com/psldznk.png ) [ home ethernet - rcs & rds ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nd04i95.png ) [ home wifi - rcs & rds ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pqa2bco.png ) [ home wifi + vpn ( this is how i normally use my laptop ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qfznje2.png ) i pay 29 lei ( # 5 ) per month for 300 mbps . 
  1gbps would be 45 lei ( # 8 ) per month , but i do n't see the advantage of that yet . 
   how easy is it to learn romanian ? 
  guess it depends , i 'm a native speaker , so i guess i would n't know . 
  i think it would be sufficent for a company like apple or google to just threaten to move out of the us for the us government to back down on all this backdoor bullshit . 
  if they are in the us , they are subject to us jurisdiction , but if they are not , the us ca n't do much about it . 
  they could of course ban their products , but let 's be serious here . 
  i 'm curious as to how much shit the germans can take before this turns into a popular revolt and merkel goes the way of yanukovych . 
  i personally find this offensive , it 's not just bucharest that has faster internet speeds than most of the us , it 's every romanian city with a population of more than 10.000 that has faster internet speeds than most of the us . 
  also , we do n't have an asshole fbi trying to force companies to put backdoors into their software . 
  apple should move their hq to romania . 
  disgusting , i hope she does n't get to see the light of day ever again . 
  central and eastern europe is mostly kebab free , even though they started coming here as well , but hopefully they wo n't last here for long . 
  how about we expel hollande from the eu ? 
  the french , together with the british are the ones pushing for more mass surveillance laws . 
   passed by the french parliament in may in response to the attacks on the paris-based magazine charlie hebdo , the law allows the government to monitor phone calls and emails of people suspected of connections to terrorism without the authorization of a judge . 
  how is that democratic ? 
  hollande should shut that cunt of a mouth of his , he 's part of the problem , not the solution . 
  review of starbucks in romania : expensive and tastes like shit . 
  needless to say why there are only 8 starbucks cafes in all of romania . 
   and then i felt my ass getting squeezed , deep in the seat of my pants . 
  if i was not wearing pants his fingers would have been inside me . 
  i then felt i believe the same hand slide around to try and get to my chest / r/gonewildstories now , seriously op , i doubt there 's much that can be done to catch the guy , especially since you do n't remember his description and ca n't contact any of the witnesses . 
  what you can do , however , is to take steps to not become a victim again . 
  if you are in a crowded place and some sick fuck starts groping you , calling them out should be enough to stop them . 
  if it does n't work , i suggest going for the balls . 
  this should instantly erase any sexual desires from their minds . 
  you might also consider avoiding to travel alone . 
  yes , i know this sounds like it goes against european values and all that , but unfortunately times have changed , thanks to our brilliant politicians ( esp . 
  merkel and juncker ) . 
  i have a 4g subscription but it 's quite useless to me since i mostly use mobile internet for browsing and streaming apple music , maybe a yt video once in a while . 
  due to this , i almost always keep my iphone in 3g mode , since it does n't drain the battery as fast and 3g is sufficient for what i 'm doing . 
  my 5gb monthly data cap is n't helping either . 
  now , if they implemented 4.5 g in remote areas and without data caps so i could freely use my iphone when i go in the mountains or something it would be awesome , but as it is today , i really do n't see much use for it , other than bragging . 
  as a romanian , i love it when people think i 'm a vampire . 
   maybe your crooks are better at hiding ? 
  :p umm , i do n't think so , in 2010 there was a documentary called `` kapitalism : our secret recipe '' . 
  it featured 7 of romania 's richest people - ioan niculae , dinu patriciu , george becali , george copos , dan diaconescu , dan voiculescu and george padure . 
  by 2015 , 5 of them were in prison and one was dead . 
  it has moved on because isis , syria and the migrant crisis are much bigger issues now . 
  there have n't really been any new developments in ukraine , like territorial changes . 
  a bunch of skirmishes between the ukrainian army and pro-russian separatists is n't exactly international newsworthy . 
  people who want to follow the events in ukraine can do that , for example there 's / r/ukrainianconflict, 
  but i think he now resides in london which would n't make him the richest person in slovenia , just like elon musk is n't the richest person in south africa . 
  on a side note , i find it funny how many people became insanely rich by developing niche and in some cases even retarded apps ( i.e. 
  snapchat , farmville , talking tom etc. 
  ummm , source ? 
  still , he is twice as rich as the richest romanian , but ukraine 's gdp is less than half than that of romania . 
  that 's very disproportionate . 
  funny how romania 's richest guy resides in a prison cell right now . 
  aso , the numbers for moldova are n't very reliable , for example vlad plahotniuc 's wealth has been estimated at over $ 2 billion . 
  how should i have phrased it ? 
  `` romania 's most desired child molester '' ? 
   he was obviously joking i do n't think he was joking . 
  i suspect his wife left him for another dick or something and this is his revenge . 
  well , for starters , this thread is about transnistria , which is an unrecognised state known to be involved in arms trafficking and other dubious businesses like money laundering . 
  also , i think the fact that the car was recovered so quickly after only a few phone calls shows that the thugs were most likely not acting on their own . 
  anyway , even excluding all these details , have you ever been in a life or death situation ? 
  me and my friends were n't some rambos , i 'm actually surprised none of us shat our pants . 
  most normal people are n't prepared to handle such situations , especially a bunch of horny college kids hoping to find some wet russian girls . 
  actually , it looks like a communist state which has become a mafia turd and whose citizens ca n't part with the past . 
  most of the transnistrian economy is controlled by sheriff , which is a private company , but there are other private enterprises as well . 
  also , it does n't look much different from poorer russian provinces and russia is n't communist . 
  no , but they have weapons of mass destruction which they sell to terrorists . 
  this is actually true . 
  they 're not exactly communist , it 's more like a mafia state . 
  and you would think it would be wise to kill a bunch of thugs which may or may not be affiliated with the government in a mafia quasi-state ? 
  even if we tried to go back to moldova , how would have we explained the damaged and bloodied range rover ? 
  `` oh , you know sir , a bunch of thugs wanted to steal our cars and we ran them over '' and they 'd be like `` ok , have a nice trip you guys . 
  next !, 
  '' , right ? 
  also , me being a romanian , they would have probably shot me on the spot . 
  i probably would n't want to piss off a bunch of guys who had `` death to romanians '' written on their tanks back in ' 92 . 
  ** warning ** : if you ever go to transnistria , never go with an expensive car . 
  instead , rent the cheapest possible car in chisinau ( like a dacia logan or something ) and use that instead . 
  in the summer of 2013 , i was in moldova with two friends , one of them was the son of a moldovan mp . 
  one night , we were having fun in chisinau and one of my friends had the `` genius '' idea to go to transnistria and hook up some russian girls . 
  so we hopped into the guy 's range rover and were on our way to tiraspol . 
  however , not 10 km into transnistrian territory and black 1990s bmw started aggressively tailgating us . 
  they then overtook us and pulled up in front of us , blocking the road . 
  out come some stereotypical russian gopniks , all dressed in knockoff adidas tracksuits , one of them holding a makarov pistol . 
  they ordered us out of the car and we had pretty much no other choice than to comply . 
  we were left stranded and had to hitchhike in a smelly old lada back to chisinau . 
  luckily , the next day , the guy 's dad made a few phone calls and after a couple of days , the range rover `` miraculously '' showed up in chisinau . 
  after that experience , i can safely say `` never again '' to transnistria . 
  i think this idea of brexit is just pure stupidity , britain would likely become something like norway , de jure non-eu , but de facto part of the eu . 
  the british eurosceptic 's wet dreams of an `` independent britain '' would be quickly cut short by the realization that they will have to adopt most eu legislation but no longer have the power to influence what legislation is being passed . 
   also , austria being quite eurosceptic ? 
  why is that ? 
  i do n't know , but most austrians i talked to seem to have the idea that the eu is somehow beneficial for poorer countries poland or romania but not for richer countries like austria .
