  a car that has like 60.000 kms is n't very different from a technical point of view compared to a new car , yet it 's significantly cheaper . 
  hell , a car loses a significant chunk of its value right after you purchase it . 
  with electronics , they do n't even have to be second hand , simply buying tech from one or two years ago , provides a significant price discount , even though older tech is perfectly usable , you can still run the latest apps on a 2 year old phone . 
  now , let 's think about it honestly , is the life of someone who drives a car from 2015 and owns a smartphone from 2016 much better than that of someone who drives a car from 2010 and owns a smartphone from 2014 ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the prices that matter for 95 % + of a country 's population are still determined by ppp : - your rent or mortgage is determined by ppp - your utilities bills for electricity , heating gas , running water , cable tv , internet , phone are determined by ppp - the prices of food and groceries are determined by ppp - the cost of most services is determined by ppp - the fares for public transit are determined by ppp - pretty much every tax that is n't a percentage of something ( like taxes for obtaining documents , fines , road tax etc. ), 
  are determined by ppp . 
  if you add all these things up , it 's clear they are the things most people spend most of their money on , regardless of where they live . 
  smells like bullshit . 
   personally , i do n't care much about ppp corrections . 
  ppp is more relevant when discussing standards of living . 
  if we took nominal gdp as measurement for living standards , it would mean the average briton should be like 5 times better off than the average romanian . 
  while in absolute terms he is , in relative terms not so much . 
  someone earning # 2000 per month in the uk is not much better off than someone earning $ 500-600 in romania . 
  i doubt ukraine will join the eu before my first grandchild is born ( if the eu will still exist at that point ) . 
  albania might join , but it 's too small to affect the eu average in any significant way . 
  moldova 's only realistic option for joining the eu would be to unite with romania , but then it would also bring romania 's gdp per capita down ( by at least 10-11 % ) . 
   more advanced computer control . 
  in my personal experience , that also means harder to diagnose problems and more expensive repairs . 
   i 'm also not surprised that you emphasized that girls from smaller towns are more open . 
  i 've heard mena dudes tell me that they ca n't even get girls in stockholm anymore ( that 's probably an exaggeration , but the effect is there ) and that they are going outside of the capital city to party to much whiter smaller cities , because girls are more open there . 
  yeah , i think it 's more about the fact that they 're sort of unique around there . 
  when i was growing up , i lived in a smaller city , i had a black classmate , he was the only school aged black person in the entire county ( which was like 350.000 people ) and he had massive success with the girls . 
  he unfortunately died in a car crash soon after he went to college . 
  in timisoara on the other hand , it 's different , there are many black students , so they do n't get as much attention from the girls , except for [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oqw6gvzn98 ) who has fucked more girls than i could ever hope for , but he 's famous . 
  as for non-black middle eastern men , they only attract gold diggers , if they have a ton of money , if they 're broke , their only options are fapping and prostitutes . 
  it could reach 100 % much faster , but only if : - corruption levels are brought down to acceptable levels ( there 's no country with zero corruption , but there are countries with very low corruption ) - bureaucracy is completely reformed , making it easy to do business . 
  - we reach over 90 % absorption levels of eu funds ( currently around 30 % iirc ) - we speed up construction of new infrastructure ( mainly motorways ) , this will lower transport costs , thus encouraging more investment . 
  - we create a viable program to incentivise romanians who went abroad to come back home and start a business ( but only the quality ones , not the beggars and leeches ) . 
  can confirm , romanian women , especially those from smaller cities and towns go crazy after black dick . 
  but we have few black people and the ones we do are generally well integrated . 
  i never understood the need for automatic . 
  manual cars have better fuel efficiency , brake pads last longer and in gener it 's a better driving experience because you have more control over the car . 
  that sounds like bullshit tbh . 
  it 's not a big deal , from calais to lugoj it 's just motorway , from there on the real fun starts . 
  there are many cars with british plates in romania , so many people do make the trip ( and actually make it alive somehow ) . 
  btw , the trip from london to timisoara is just 20 hours by car , so very plausible if you take an overnight break or there are two drivers . 
  husby is nothing compared to ferentari . 
   it is outrageous that slovak authorities are shooting at innocent people fleeing war . 
  oh man , did n't even know hungary was at war , i 'm going to budapest in a couple of days , i 'm very scared now . 
  i 'd probably vote trump , for teh lulz . 
  they are eu wannabes . 
  moldova also has tons of eu flags everywhere , including on administrative buildings , even though it 's unlikely they 'll join anytime soon . 
   a ) do not overtake . 
  yeah , this would not really work in romania , you 'll eventually end up behind a tractor or combine harvester or some shit and you 'll need to overtake . 
  we also have lots of log trucks , final destination 2 taught me never to stay behind those . 
  umm , you normally have to look past the vehicle you 're overtaking to see if there 's anything coming from the opposite side . 
  how do you do this if you 're sitting on the left side of the car and the opposite lane is on the right , especially if there 's a large truck or bus in front of you ? 
  in romania i 've never seen anything like this , driving school cars always have two sets of clutch snd brake pedals , sometimes even two sets of gas pedals , but never two steering wheels . 
   but probably work better than driving a right steered vehicle how would you overtake on a two lane road , though ? 
  is this even legal ? 
  yeah , great idea , bring all jihadis together in a `` de-radicalistation centre '' . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  yeah , but eu citizens can travel around most of europe with just an id card - this is not the case for turkey . 
  ours are like $ 72 per 5 years . 
  to be fair however , most people do n't need a passport , you can travel in all the eu + norway , switzerland , iceland , serbia , montenegro and moldova just with your id card . 
  this shit just shows how hypocritical the governments who want mass surveillance are . 
  they say it 's to keep us safe from terrorists , yet they let actual terrorists freely running around . 
   if people make complaints to the police about something , you 'll get arrested and questioned because it 's standard procedure to get the facts straight . 
  umm , i do n't think that 's normal , getting arrested , at least in romania , only happens if there 's strong evidence you might have committed a crime ( i.e. 
  if a house is broken into at 2 a.m. and you 're just happening to be driving around with a car full of stuff ) . 
  people normslly do n't get arrested just because someone makes a stupid complaint . 
   i think every truly far-right party is against the eu . 
  well of course they are , you ca n't be an ultranationalist and support the eu at the same time , except if your german and want to make it the 4th reich . 
   tensions between hungary and romania are still there , it 's just not being blown out of proportion . 
  umm , not really , there were some tensions between orban and ponta when ponta was still pm ( nothing too serious though ) , but now it seems to have gotten back to normal . 
  the only real tensions are between the hungarian ultra-nationalist organizations and the romanian state ( just last december a hungarian terrorist was caught trying to blow some shit up ) , but not between romania and hungary as countries . 
  this of course will change if jobbik ever takes power , but obviously jobbik does n't like the eu and the eu does n't like jobbik . 
  [ yup , it 's real ] ( http://www.rcs-rds.ro/internet-digi-net/fiberlink?t=internet-fix&amp;pachet=digi_net_fiberlink_1000 ) - 45 lei is around $ 10 . 
  of course , it 's hard to take full advantage of 1gbps , you need a good router , you can get the speed only over ethernet , because most 802.11 n routers only support about 300 mb/s , and you also need a powerful computer - quad core , a ton of ram , ssd is compulsory . 
  of course most content providers do n't keep up with this , the only situation where you can reach those speeds is when you torrent , and not from any site , only filelist.ro . 
  but when you do , you can basically start downloading the entire latest season of twd in hd , go take a piss and by the time you 're back it 's already downloaded . 
  of course , most webpages load instantly ( if they do n't , it 's usually because the server they 're hosted on is too slow ) and it never lets you stuck with your dick in your hand while trying to stream hd porn . 
  well , both greece and turkey are nato members , still they see each other as enemies . 
  if it was n't for the eu , i 'm pretty sure relations between romania and hungary would n't have been very good either . 
  is n't it interesting that jobbik , the ultra-nationalist and revisionist hungarian party is very much anti-eu ? 
  yeah , but this also happened with mobile networks and the neighborhood mesh thingies did n't happen there . 
  when i was in the uk , i was shocked at how poor the signal was over there , despite the uk being like the same size of romania but with like 3-4 times the population density . 
  in romania you get inexpensive 4g available in pretty much every significant city , 3g in every other populated area and edge only in very sparsely populated areas . 
  rds is a major player in the mobile area too , but they do n't have nearly the coverage or amount of users as vodafone , orange or telekom . 
  nukes only stop nuclear powers from fighting each other . 
  it does not stop a nuclear country attacking a non-nuclear country or non-nuclear countries attacking each other . 
  well , it kinda does have justification , for the countries which are tax havens . 
  tax haven does n't mean no taxes , it just means very low taxes . 
  but even if taxation is much less in tax havens than in normal countries , the huge amounts of capital flowing through those very small countries still means the government there makes a ton of money . 
   the costs for rolling out 5g networks will be huge . 
  the same thing has been said about fiber optics as well . 
  please explain how i can get 1 gbps in romania for $ 10 per month , but not in deutschland ? 
  well , it was hitler who decided it was a good idea to fight on two fronts at the same time . 
  the russians had to choose between fighting and death , of course they chose the former . 
  they also received a ton of technical support from the americans , without that support it 's likely the nazis would have defeated them . 
  no , from fifth till 8th grade i had a really tough teacher , i actually learnt something , but in the 8th grade she decided she had enough with all the dumb kids who did n't want to study anything and we got a teacher that basically did n't give a fuck . 
  in the 9th grade , i had a teacher who was also a politician , probably saw her like 5 times through the entire year . 
  in 10th and 11th grade we got a 23 year old redhead who was high pretty much all the time . 
  two of my classmates claimed they fucked her , although it 's very possible they were just bragging . 
  in the 12th grade we got a really old teacher that was simply refusing to retire - i 've seen her twice - once every semester . 
  i studied german for 8 years in school , still do n't know anything beyond basic stuff . 
   the 3rd net contributor to the eu budged since when ? 
  according to [ this ] ( http://english.eu.dk/en/faq/faq/net_contribution ) , germany , france , the uk and the netherlands all contribute more than italy . 
  according to these maps , i 'm always the complete opposite of the average romanian .
