  i never even saw the authorities use guns , but i did hear a couple of gunshots a couple of years ago , when the police intervened to stop a massive fight between two groups of gypsies . 
   or even had a gun in his hand ? 
  i held many guns in my hands , from handguns , to ak-47s and rpgs , the police and army here , sometimes organize events , where they let visitors take a look at their equipment . 
  i do not own any guns at the moment , although i would like to purchase some in the future for my personal protection . 
  i would n't want to carry a gun on me , but i do think having a gun in my home would be a good idea , in case someone broke in or the shit hit the fan . 
   just out of curiosity , how do those numbers compare to the romanian expats all over the west ? 
  there are around 3 million romanian expats , so less expats per capita , considering romania has around 6.5 times the population of moldova . 
  i could n't find an article about their average earnings , but considering most have gone to italy and spain , i would assume the average to be around 1200-1500 euros per month . 
   and i assume there are no romanian prostitutes anywhere ? 
  there are , of course , every country has prostitutes , but not as many as from moldova , which is notorious for this . 
  i think you 're the one trolling , romania would n't enter any armed conflict in moldova unless sanctioned by nato . 
  assuming western leaders could even pin point moldova on a map . 
  even if they could , why would they care . 
  ukraine is poor , but at least it 's big and somewhat significant , moldova is even poorer and also small and insignificant . 
  even if a civil war would start there , i doubt it would make world news headlines for more than a few days . 
   was the money in form of numbers on a computer ? 
  how can one steal that ? 
  pretty simple , actually . 
  money are transferred from one account to another , fraudulently , in the form of credits for example , multiple times , until it all ends up in some secret account in the bahamas or something and no one knows where it went . 
  of course he must have had accomplices , the question is why he is in the mayor office now instead of an interrogation room ? 
  i doubt anyone will be jailed for this , ever . 
  business as usual in moldova . 
  the cia was employing new agents . 
  at first there were hundreds of candidates , but after very demanding tests , only three remain - an america , a russian and a romanian . 
  the cia can only hire one of them , so they decide to put them on a final test , to see who 's the best . 
  they get the american in first and tell him : - look , we can only hire one of you , so there will be a final test to prove your loyalty to the agency . 
  take this gun , go home and shoot your wife !, 
  - my wife ??!, 
  is this a joke or something ? 
  no , man , i ca n't do it , hire someone else !, 
  then , they get the russian and tell him the same thing . 
  hesitant , he takes the gun , goes home , but comes out after 20 minutes , crying , saying : - sorry , my wife , natasha , i love her very much , i ca n't do this to her , i 'm very sorry . 
  finally , they get the romanian and tell him the same thing . 
  he grabs the gun and goes home , as the cia stands outside , watching . 
  after 2 minutes , they hear two shots , then screams , cursing , then some loud noises , then silence . 
  after a few minutes , the romanian comes out , all bloody , with an axe in one hand and the gun in the other . 
  he goes to the cia car , very angry and says : - you dumb fucks loaded the gun with blanks , i thought the cia was the best intelligence agency , now i ruined my good clothes !, 
   moldovans have not gotten the short end of the gene sick , as some 1.2 million working abroad have poved . 
  what have they proved ? 
  that they can work shit jobs abroad ? 
  anyone can do that . 
  almost 70 % of moldovans who have gone abroad have gone in russia and only 13 % of moldovan migrants earn more than 1000 dollars per month . 
  those are dollars , not even euros . 
  i would n't call it an achievement . 
  also , do n't even get me started on the prostitutes ... 
  the main suspect is ilan shor , a jewish russian-israeli `` businessman '' who instead of dropping the soap in some rudimentary moldovan jail , he was recently elected mayor of orhei . 
  we have stupid people in romania , really stupid people , but moldovans are simply on a whole nother level , it 's like they came from the short end of the gene pool . 
   the coast guards and the sea rescue services waited and kept watch , but no one ended up jumping in . 
  pussies . 
  if those guys take like 50 refugee families , in 20 years they will probably be outnumbered , it will be called little syria . 
  unless we stop them , they will keep coming , so it 's the only option . 
   not to mention inhumane . 
  bombing their countries was inhumane also , i did n't see as many people complaining about that part . 
  yeah , unfortunately we ca n't , those are eu citizens , they 're allowed to go wherever they want . 
  we also ca n't simply take them from your streets , unless you send them , they 're your streets , not ours , our police has no jurisdiction there . 
  we could send our army to greece and italy , to patrol the waters . 
  yup , to be honest , nowadays there are a lot of ads in romania for employment of elderly care workers in austria . 
  by the way , in what area do you live ? 
  always tired , always angry , will they ever stop being like this ? 
  they 're adults , for fuck sake , why ca n't they behave like adults ? 
  i 've been through some shit in my life too , but that did n't make me behave like an animal . 
  romania was never a destination country for the refugees , neither did we invite them over . 
  they never wanted to come here and we never said we wanted them to come here . 
  merkel and juncker are the ones who are trying to make this our issue . 
  raising taxes on the rich sounds good in theory , however , in practice , the rich are best at avoiding taxes , so in the end it 's probably still going to be up to the middle class to foot the bill . 
  i think it 's fair , the norwegian govt . 
  did n't send him there , he knew it was dangerous , he had no business going there . 
  i do n't think governments should be expected to pay ransoms to terrorist organizations to save some idiots who decide it 's a good idea to travel to shithole countries like syria . 
  the norwegian government should let the guy know they will be transmitting their sincere condolences to his family . 
   i pass five beggars on my 5 minute walk to the subway and i have literally never seen anyone give them any money , the economic model is a mystery . 
  if no one would be giving them money , there would n't be any beggars , stop fooling yourself . 
   romanians went to italy and spain because there were lots of jobs in agriculture available there , not because of cultural similarities . 
  tere were also lots of mcjobs available in germany , uk and other countries which had better pay and were easier than agricultural ones . 
  why did n't they take those ? 
   even so , cultural similarities did n't stop italians or spaniards from being prejudiced against romanians . 
  cultural similarities do n't stop western romanians from being prejudiced against southern romanians , of course they wo n't stop italians or spaniards , that does n't mean they play no role . 
   i do n't see why muslims ca n't learn about `` german culture '' , especially since there are a lot of perfectly well adapted muslims already living there . 
  of course there are , but there are also a lot more who live in almost completely muslim communities and can barely speak any german , let alone share or at least respect german culture or values . 
   the romanian migrants , which were n't even fleeing war , which i spoke about in my first post did n't want to go to hungary or macedonia . 
  do n't forget the vast majority of romanian migrants did n't go to germany or the uk , which are rich , but to italy and spain , which even though are n't that rich , are culturally and linguistically similar to romania . 
  macedonia is much poorer than romania and there are no similarities between the two countries , hungary is just a bit richer , but again , almost no similarities to romania , but still , many hungarians from romania did emigrate to hungary . 
  muslims do n't have any cultural or linguistic links to germany , they do n't even know much about german culture , they just want to go there because there 's $ $ $ . 
   should we turn back the hundreds of thousands of innocents because some are not so innocent ? 
  have we become so scared of terrorists that we 're denying aid to people feeling from a devastating war ? 
  no , we should let them come in uncontrolled hordes . 
  when i first went to the us , the tsa wanted to search my ass , i shit you not . 
  and i went there legally , with all the papers and everything , pretty sure the embassy also did a background check on me . 
  meanwhile , we are allowing these migrants to come in hordes with no idea where they come from or what their intentions might be . 
   i can only imagine how poor they must be when they prefer to sleep on the streets and earn almost no money begging here ( swedes generally shun public begging ) . 
  they are n't poor , they are fucking rich . 
  just yesterday there was a news report on / r/romania about some gypsies who admitted they had cars and houses back in romania but were pretting to be poor in sweden because people would give them money and police would leave them alone . 
  they also said we should be thankful they are stealing in sweden because otherwise they would be stealing in romania . 
  stop being so fucking gullible !, 
   so all those hundreds of thousands of refugees are isis members ? 
  no , but it 's perfectly reasonable to assume some of them are , since i do n't think isis members have isis tattoos on their forehead . 
   schengen now , or screw you and your quotas . 
  why would you even want schengen at this point , it 's only going to make us more attractive as a transit country for migrants , since hungary is building a fence at the border with serbia ? 
  no , schengen for migrant quotas sounds like a pretty shitty deal on our end . 
   it says nothing about how romanian migrants were perceived by people in the west and the struggles they had to face . 
  yeah , romanians abroad have been in a constant struggle since 2007 , because every dumb fuck who wanted to go to europe and leech on the welfare system , beg and steal was allowed to do so .
