  lulz . 
  their salaries are so low , i guess hiring more people is even cheaper than automation . 
  if what the chief of the intelligence agency says is true , then that means the average wage of an intelligence agent is lower than that of a police officer . 
  shit is so fucked up with centralised countries ( including romania ) . 
  the only ones who should have authority to rename a city should be the local authorities , not the fucking parliament . 
  did n't know that . 
  good they changed it back so quickly . 
  tbh , i think there 's something up with romanian and bulgarian vans in general . 
  at the romania / hungary border cars just stroll by , while vans get checked for like at least 10 minutes . 
  at the hungarian / austrian border , same story , since they suspended schengen , they still let most vehicles pass without stopping , but as soon as they see a van with romanian or bulgarian plates , they automatically stop it . 
  i 'm not sure , but it might have to with smuggling cigarettes from ukraine , moldova and serbia into the eu . 
  look at [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/28o2tijdqza?t=23s ) for example , the van with the romanian plates gets pulled over immediately . 
  yeah , but at least marx was german . 
  we never had cities renamed after communists , only streets , but even so , very few named after actual communists , most had names like workers ' st. , pioneer st. , republic st. , progress st. etc. 
  actually the most common street name in communist romania was august 23rd st. 
  i 'm not talking about those , i 'm talking about the 1.6 million arabs who live in israel proper and are citizens of israel . 
   great for export , but terrible for individuals who engage in fx transactions or import products from abroad . 
  not to mention terrible for russians who want to travel abroad ... well , guess it 's good for putin , because he does n't seem to want his subjects to travel abroad too often . 
  then why do n't they call palestinians who live in israel `` israeli '' ? 
  yeah , i know , it 's not my fault they were given these names . 
  a romanian mp tried tried to propose a bill that would change their name from roma to ( rightfully ) gypsies and he got a bunch of `` anti-discrimination '' agencies and ngos all over his head . 
  fuck this !, 
   look at switzerland for fucks sake comparing britain with switzerland is dumb . 
  switzerland , while not officially part of the eu is very well integrated with the eu , it is a part of schengen and eu citizens ( including romanians and bulgarians ) can work there without any restrictions , just like in every other eu country . 
  norway and iceland are the same story . 
  just look at all the [ border crossings in the eu ] ( http://www.stiridinvest.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/vama.jpg ) , there are signs for eu , eea ( norway + iceland ) and ch ( switzerland ) . 
  these countries receive preferential treatment , i doubt it would be the case for britain , they would be more like turkey in relation with the eu . 
  wait , you actually had cities named after lenin and stalin ? 
   if they have a romanian passport , they are indeed romanian . 
  the passport is just about everything they have in common with romanians , they have a different language , different culture , different values , different way of life . 
  the hungarians from romania also have romanian passports , yet they never get shit for that , how come ? 
  yeah , those are gypsies , romas , romanies , whatever you like to call them , but not romanians . 
  they do that shit in romania as well , but we are accustomed with their bullshit and tactics , so we 've learned to ignore them or just tell them to fuck off . 
  well , it happens in hunagry as well , just last week i was driving there , i was trying to merge on a road and a lorry driver coming from behind just would n't let me , he passed me , opened his window and started shouting `` something something kurva cigany something something !, 
  says the albanian ... 
  the thing is that this negative publicity extends into the life of ordinary people , for example when trying to get a job abroad or even travel as tourist . 
  for example in austria is quite common to get pulled over simply for having a romanian license plate . 
  worse still , it also affects your chances at job interviews . 
  on top of all that , you have politicians like farage or wilders who use romanian immigrants as electoral ammunition . 
  in the uk , there are even reports of pro-brexit activists/politicians actually paying gypsies from romania to sleep rough in visible places so they can highlight just how bad the eu is for britain . 
  [ `` italians are gay '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vz6fnrf9mae ), 
  official data puts them at around 600,000 . 
  unofficial data ( ngos ) , say there might be as many as 2 million . 
  personally , i 'd say at least 1 million , but i could be wrong , because they 're extremely visible , which might suggest there 's more of them than there actually are . 
  it is , actually . 
  there are extremely few ethnically romanian beggars , the vast majority are gypsies . 
  performance critical software is even worse , for example with the health service , when you need a prescription it takes 10-15 minutes to reach the servers , if you 're lucky , there are many cases when the servers are offline for hours on end . 
  the main problem is that the government contracts siveco , a highly controversial company whose former ceo is currently in prison , for pretty much every it related project . 
  not only are the deals between the government and siveco extremely shady , but they also hire the most incompetent programmers there are . 
  i mean , just look [ at their website ] ( http://www.siveco.ro/en ) it says `` copyright 2003-2014 '' , lulz . 
  because kids generally do n't own property or have bank accounts ? 
  because comparing wealth this way would be like comparing dick size without taking into account actual fucking skills . 
  you need people to tap on all those phone conversations . 
  romania is quickly turning from a kleptostate into a police state , but people generally do n't care , because they just want to see the corrupt politicians go to prison . 
  well to explain it in simple terms , imagine a romanian and a brit built two identical houses next to each other . 
  brit : this is a very nice house , i bet i could sell it for # 300,000 . 
  romanian : wow , that 's awesome , i bet i could sell mine for # 600,000 then . 
  brit : wait , what ? 
  but the two houses are identical !, 
  romanian : yeah , but i do n't live next to a gypsy !, 
  the point is , property does n't have any intrinsic value . 
  maybe they meant croatia and albania ? 
  still , it 's not the third balkan state , there 's also greece , bulgaria , slovenia . 
  assuming belarus actually gives a fuck ? 
  i never expected anything better from the romanian govt . 
  never heard of that ... 
  afaik , russia and belarus have a schengen-like treaty . 
  what will prevent russians from travelling to belarus and then onwards to europe ? 
  so erdogan has been mentioned 69 times ? 
  i find it funny that the most popular sport , by far , in europe is football , but most countries completely suck at it . 
  i do n't believe in `` institutionally organized poverty '' . 
  except for the communist elite and `` cardboard billionaires '' , everyone was dirt poor in the 90s . 
  except for very rich people who made their money through connections , almost everyone who is middle or upper class in romania today rose from pretty much nothing . 
  the difference between the haves and have nots from romania , is that the haves were dynamic , they adapted to the market economy . 
  those who did n't adapt were simply left behind . 
  you can see that today as well , the people who are dirt poor are happy with their government handouts , when they 're severely out of pocket they go abroad for a couple of months , pick some strawberries for $ 800 per month then return to their shitty life , they just do n't want to change . 
  no , they do n't invest in transylvania and banat because of `` proximity to western nodes '' , they invest here because it 's less shit than the rest of the country , we just do n't have as many lazy fucks . 
   how will prisons prevent crime , are you completely mad ? 
  well , for a start , how about making sure it 's not possible for 25 prisoners to go to one cell and beat one prisoner ? 
  it should be a controlled environment , not a fenced jungle . 
  there are many things which could be done , the problem is that most prisons around the world are severely underfunded and a politician who would support giving more money to prisons would n't be particularly popular with voters . 
  of course they 'd be using it as a scapegoat , they never tried to fix the prison system when they were in power either . 
  although i 'm a right winger myself , you have to admit that the prison system is kind of fucked up , not only when it comes to islamists , but in general . 
  i mean , the basic idea here is that you take someone who broke the law , throw them in prison with a bunch of hardened criminals , slap them with a criminal record to make sure he wo n't be able to get a job , like ever , and then expect them to be productive members of society when they come out . 
  it just does n't work . 
  prison should be about prevention , punishment and rehabilitation . 
  while prison works well for punishing criminals ( mainly through the loss of freedom ) , the prevention and rehabilitation parts are totally broken . 
  it is very ineffective at preventing people who are not in prison from committing crimes and it does not prevent people who are in prison from committing crimes against other prisoners or staff . 
  the rehabilitation part is even worse , because in many , if not most cases , criminals who come out of prison are even more dangerous to society than they were when they went in . 
  not very relevant , since someone owning a small house in london would be considered wealthier than someone who owns a mansion elsewhere . 
  you are counted as unemployed only for a few months after you finish high school / university and a few months after you lose your job . 
  if you have been out of work for like 9 + months , you no longer count . 
  they have been unemployed for so long , they 're no longer counted in statistics . 
  why is unemployment in vienna so high ? 
  a train full of hungarians comes to romania and it does n't turn into a mass brawl with the police ? 
  am disappoint ... 
  [ it is a fake , and a shitty one as well . 
  ] ( https://www.docdroid.net/dexvbyj/a-forged-poster-about-the-sale-of-gypsy.pdf.html ), 
  yeah , sorry , but this was [ proven to be fake as fuck ] ( https://www.docdroid.net/dexvbyj/a-forged-poster-about-the-sale-of-gypsy.pdf.html ) . 
  while i 'm not an expert , i think it 's simply about how the system works .
