  eminescu , who is both romania and moldova 's national poet , was basically the guy who invented romanian nationalism . 
  i doubt he would be a big fan of an independent moldova . 
  even today , most moldovan musicians do n't stand a chance if they do n't `` become '' romanian . 
  just think where would anna lesko , pavel stratan , dan balan , carla 's dreams etc. 
  be if they did n't come to romania . 
  there are quite a few reasons : first , there are the `` homo sovieticus '' types , which are quite well represented in moldova . 
  they remember the `` good life '' they lived in the soviet union ( in reality their life was only less shit than it is today , but it was still shit ) and dream of a day when the soviet union will return . 
  in school , they were also taught that romania treated them as second hand citizens and it is only thanks to the soviet union that they were liberated from the bloodthirsty fascist romanian imperialists . 
  secondly , the russian speaking minority in moldova remained very influential even after the collapse of the soviet union , and they are the biggest supporters of the idea that moldovans are an ethnically distinct group from romanians , a sort of mixture between romans and slavs . 
  they are also the biggest fans of the idea that moldovan is actually a language and that it is distinct from romania ( although this idea has been steadily losing popularity in the last few years ) . 
  thirdly , there are the politicians and oligarchs , who obviously do n't want to lose their power , money , influence and in many cases , their freedom ( most moldovan oligarchs and politicians could be easily sent to prison if they were under the juristiction of the romanian dna ) . 
  pro-russian politicians simply repeat the views of the russian speaking minority , while pro-eu politicians say things like `` the time has n't come yet '' , `` moldova has too many problems , we ca n't unite '' etc. 
  lastly , there 's a category of people who simply do n't care or consider the possibility of the two countries uniting so unlikely that it would be pointless to even discuss it . 
  moldova , for sure , however , it 's more like a sister nation . 
  only it 's the kind of sister who is a crackhead , ca n't get job , prostitutes herself and only comes to you when she needs cash , spending the rest of her time with her drug dealer and pimp ( we all know who that is ) . 
  so , for someone who does n't work with watts , volts , amps and ohms on a daily basis , how does this stack up with the average smartphone/laptop battery ? 
  in craiova there is gypsy gang activity , constanta is also pretty dangerous , but actual murders are rare in major cities . 
  most murders happen in rural areas ( i.e. 
  two idiot hillbillies get drunk , one hits the other with an axe in the head ) . 
  romania is colored incorrectly , in moldavia there 's only one county probably has half of all the murders and 2/3 of the rapes in the country , namely vaslui county . 
  i remember somewhere reading that native americans are more prone to poverty and violent crime , so ... 
  um , nope , i do n't think so . 
  the mediation courts were set up simply to ease pressure on prosecutors and judges , who had way to many cases . 
  it 's not even an old law , it was adopted like 10 years ago . 
  we also have the so-called `` mediation courts '' in romania , where the victim and the rapist meet and can come to an agreement , usually involving financial compensation for the victim , in exchange for not pursuing the case in court . 
  i think it 's horrible idea , for two reasons - first because it helps affluent people avoid prosecution for rape , a very serious crime , and second because it encourages fake rape accusations from women seeking to make some easy money . 
   what about djohan ? 
  anyone know the origin ? 
  i think it 's an indonesian name . 
  the law can be enforced only to an extent . 
  if , in an arbitrary city , there is one case of some pervert touching some girl 's boobs on public transit every week , the law can be easily enforced by the police , but if there were 100 per week , it 's unreasonable to consider the law could be properly enforced in each and every case , and it would even be a bad idea to try and do so , because it would divert resources reserved for other , more serious crimes . 
  when a problem grows beyond the police and courts ' ability to handle each individual case , the authorities need to figure out a different solution to fight the problem , and statements like this german mayor made are not exactly helpful . 
   however grandfather is referring to 10 year old girl here . 
  and the answers this mayor gives makes me question how did he get such position in the first place . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  in romania we currently have a group of socialist mps who are supporting the introduction of compulsory school uniforms , and their argumentation can be summarised as `` girls who wear short skirts attract the looks of their male classmates '' . 
  their names do n't sound very australian to me , tbh . 
  the titles are nothing compared with the subtitles , especially for offensive words , like : motherfucker , asshole , son of a bitch -  nenorocit -  something along the lines of `` unlucky bastard '' fuck !, 
  -  to the devil fuck you !, 
  -  go to the devil we fucked ( i.e. 
  we had sex ) -  ne-am tras-o -  we pulled it ** and , best of all : ** shit -  rahat -  turkish delight, 
  it was ... before 2014 . 
   that territory is also not seen as romanian territory ; tighina ( bender ) is still rightful romanian clay . 
  transnistria also contains like 30 % romanians . 
  most of them are russified , thus they can go fuck themselves , but you 're still left with a significant legit romanian minority in transnistria which needs to be protected . 
  they 'll be happy when they learn moldovans are n't of the `` allahu akbar '' variety . 
  you know russia does n't really produce anything useful ( besides oil & gas ) , right ? 
  the only other thing they produce are military related stuff , but we 're nato members , so we would n't buy their shit anyway . 
  nope , it would be excluded from the eu as soon as it gets independence . 
  if scotland had actually gained independence from the uk , it would not have automatically become an eu member and they would have had to apply for eu membership . 
   but inherit the relationship of the autonomous regions of gagauzia and transnistria , though i imagine transnistria would n't approve . 
  transnistria is n't an autonomous region , it 's a de facto state , moldova has zero authority there . 
  as for gagauzia , i can see a couple of problems : 1 . 
  a region ca n't be autonomous because it would go against the romanian constitution . 
  changing that article to allow autonomous regions is pretty much out of the question . 
  the reason gagauzia has any sort of autonomy is because they blackmailed moldova . 
  moldova has a shit army , they knew they 'd lose again if they had to deal with another transnistria , si they just gave them autonomy . 
  there is one special clause though , if moldova were to ever unite with romania , gagauzia would have `` the right to self determination '' . 
  yeah , russia fucked them in the ass . 
  if you look at transnistrian news , you 'll notice they do n't even glorify russia like in the good ol' days , heck , they do n't even mention putin anymore . 
  edit : look , in their [ latest new bulletin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sszagkrwuo ) , there 's no mention of russia or putin . 
  nope . 
  they used to be , before the war in ukraine , back when the russians were still subsidising transnistria , but nowadays they 're in deep shit , just like the rest of moldova . 
  transnistria is already pretty much fucked , it 's like europe 's own mini north korea . 
  if you understand romanian , you should watch one of their news bulletins , they mention `` the president '' like every 30 seconds . 
   with romania being a potential trade center for russian products what russian products ? 
  besides oil and gas , obviously ? 
  i 'm pretty sure with all the corruption in moldova , a few hundred euros here , a few hundred euros there , and before you know it , both your grandparents were born on the territory of the republic of moldova and you 're eligible to become a moldovan citizen . 
  the fact you never hear about romanians getting moldovan citizenship , it 's mostly because they do n't want it and it 's pretty useless anyway . 
  that is the nominal gdp per capita , which is n't really useful for comparing standards of living . 
  nominal gdp is simply the gdp of the country converted into dollars , at the current exchange rate . 
  it does not take into account things like the fact that rent , utility bills , groceries , insurance etc. 
  are much cheaper in romania than they are in the uk . 
  to account for that , ppp gdp per capita is used : country | gdp per capita ( ppp 2015 ) --------- | ----------------- uk | $ 41.000 romania | $ 20.700 moldova | $ 5.000 so this makes moldova roughly 4 times poorer than romania , but romania is only 2 times poorer than the uk . 
  it is , if you look at the ppp numbers , nominal gdp per capita is n't very useful when comparing standards of living . 
   theoretically could eu block this ? 
  it could discourage it , but i do n't think they could block it if there was a legit referendum in both countries . 
   what would moldova 's status be in the union ? 
  it would n't have any status on its own , since it would just cease to exist , it would likely be split into several counties . 
  they can rest assured , we do n't even have enough prisons to put all their asses in . 
  because we 'd have to . 
  pensions , salaries of state employees , welfare benefits and the minimum wage are the same , regardless of the region . 
  not to mention we 'd have to retrain all their police officers , teachers , lawyers , judges , prosecutors , doctors etc. 
   do romanians know they will have to solve the transistrian issue if this happens ? 
  tbh , i doubt more than half of romanians have even heard about transnistria . 
  if a referendum would really happen , i 'd expect many of those 68 % to nope the fuck out when they start learning about moldova 's problems . 
   also +600 k people from a an extremely poor region will put a lot of weight on the state transnistria is just as poor as moldova , so it would be 3.5 million people from an extremely poor region , not just 600k . 
  if i would be calling the shots , i 'd just hand over transnistria to ukraine after a population exchange ( romanians from transnistria in exchange for russians/ukrainians in moldova ) and let the sort it out . 
  transnistria would n't be such a big problem for ukraine , since its not significantly poorer than ukraine , and ukrainians ( although pro-russian ukrainians ) are the biggest ethnic group . 
   i mean , okay , i understand giving up one 's state has some emotional pain in it , but seriously , it 's moldova , known as the poorest country in europe . 
  unlike estonians , which kept their integrity throughout the ordeal of the su , moldovans were relatively successfully brainwashed to believe romanians are a bunch of fascists who eat little babies for breakfast . 
  also , because of the extreme poverty , most moldovans have never traveled abroad or even spoke with a romanian before . 
  to them , romanians are as foreign as germans or americans . 
  pro-russian propaganda also does not help , they portray romania as either america 's colony , zombies of the evil homo-nazi eu , or fascist-imperialist ( yeah , quite funny pro-russians love to portray romanians as imperialists , despite the fact that we have far less experience annexing other countries than russia ) . 
  given these circumstances , it 's unsurprising most of the moldovan unionists are based in chisinau , where the population is a bit better educated . 
  the mayor of chisinau is one of the best known unionists in moldova , he never misses a chance to talk about uniting the two countries . 
   romania , on the other hand , despite being considerably better off than moldova , is still a poor country for eu standards . 
  absorbing moldova would require some considerable financial resources , and even if eu aided with some , it would still mean romanians contributing some of their own wealth . 
  i do agree with you on this one , the current difference in gdp per capita between romania and moldova is bigger than the difference between the uk and romania . 
  even if romania and moldova were to unite , it would take decades and dozens of billions of euros for moldova to reach the level of even romania 's poorest counties .
