  [ romanian army ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq6_9l1mqjo ) ( nsfw ), 
  [ superorb\u00e1n to the rescue !, 
  romanian here : hungarians - still butthurt they lost transylvania and will use every possible opportunity to insult us . 
  they have many more rights in romania than romanians have in any other country , including hungary , yet they 're still not satisfied . 
  they always want more , they even have their own party with no political doctrine that forms coalitions with anyone , just to get a couple of positions in government . 
  gypsies - after centuries of living in this country , they still ca n't adapt and become honest citizens . 
  even worse , after romania joined the eu , many gypsies went abroad to beg and steal and whenever they were captured by police they identified themselves as romanians , creating confusion and making many people think that everyone from romania is a fucking gypsy . 
  russians - i do n't even want to get started here , if the world was a classroom , they would be the asshole bully . 
  if they did n't have so many nukes , i would be very happy to see them split up into many small and insignificant countries . 
  wow , that resume sounds better than kim jong un 's . 
  we had a shoemaker apprentice without any kind of university or even high school degree as president for 25 years . 
  take that !, 
  i thought he was a bodyguard ? 
  haha , this reminds me of ceausescu , when he had a stopover in iceland , one of his lackeys stole a silver teaspoon , and when they came home , it was exhibited in a museum , as a gift from iceland to ceausescu . 
   killing them is actually more expensive than just keeping them in prison for life . 
  yeah , that 's because of the american system , because inmates are kept on death row , with special conditions for decades before they are actually executed . 
   no one can be 100 % sure of this , just like no one can be 100 % sure if someone is guilty or not . 
  killing one innocent person is one person too much . 
  that 's why i think it should be used only in extreme , high profile cases , and the death penalty be decided exclusively by a jury , not a judge . 
  there are many cases where it is beyond reasonable doubt who did a horrible crime and they show no remorse for it . 
   i 'm slightly confused here . 
  if you mean a person who kills other people in order to eat them , is n't that the same as a serial killer ? 
  i do n't understand why you made this distinction . 
  well , there are many cannibals who only got to eat one person before they were captured , so would not classify as serial killers , yet it 's still a much more horrible crime than a plain murder . 
   there are always worse punishments . 
  get thrown into solitary detention , be sent to a `` harsher '' prison , etc. 
  solitary confinement and `` harsher '' prisons are just a waste of money , why invest resources into keeping alive a person that clearly does not have and never will have any value for society and is a constant danger to other inmates and prison officers . 
  edit : just think about someone like breivik , he will likely be released at some point in the future , how is this acceptable ? 
  german fire trucks look almost identical to romanian ones . 
  is putin worship common in serbia ? 
  well even a broken clock , like trump , is right twice a day . 
  in 99 % of cases , i would be against the death penalty , but i do think there are some criminals who can not be rehabilitated and should indeed get executed , like terrorists , serial killers , mass murderers , child rapists , cannibals etc. 
  life imprisonment is expensive and also puts other inmates at risk , because those who get life imprisonment know they do n't have anything to lose . 
  the hungarian education system sounds a lot like the romanian one , only our education system has been centralized and shitty ever since the end of wwii . 
  in other news , [ this is the proposed layout of the fence ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xot5ftz.jpg ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  ok , so : is - probably iceland ch - switzerland no - norway li - ?? 
  ? , the fuck is this `` li '' ? 
  just use the actual country names , or at least say it in the comments , not everyone knows the abbreviation for every country . 
  some from romania ( and moldova ) - no particular order [ doc & motzu & smiley - pierdut buletin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovdoa4srkwm ) ( this is actually number one ) [ carla 's dreams - sub pielea mea | #eroina ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vyj3uqcmtm ) ( moldova , video might be a little nsfw ) [ randi - dansam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfhm27aeojy ) [ carla 's dreams - te rog ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4es6bu1ydvk ) ( moldova ) [ ge\u00d8rge feat . 
  jo - nimeni nu-i perfect ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syqjs-vjd68 ) [ mihail - ma ucide ea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqruvmffyag ) [ ruby feat . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4tnmk-bw0s ) [ feli - creioane colorate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pixemld-qa0 ), 
   immigrants are pushed into these communities because of how reluctant people are to accept them . 
  mate , i live in romania , which is country of origin for many immigrants in europe . 
  i know how this shit works . 
  most immigrants who do n't integrate , do n't integrate because they do n't want or care to , not because the natives reject them . 
  i 've been to many countries and made native friends in all of them , but that happened because i was actively trying to make native friends and learn more about that country 's culture and customs . 
  many immigrants are n't like that , they just want to make more money but at the same time live in a community that makes them feel they have n't even left their home country . 
  they want to interact with natives only when absolutely necessary and hang out only with people of their own nationality whenever possible . 
  i ca n't even count the times i 've heard things like `` hey , you should hang out at x club , many romanians come there on friday nights '' or `` hey , you should wash your car at y car wash , it ; s owned by a romanian and most employees are romanian '' . 
  we have come to a point where it 's possible to live and work in an european country without even speaking the official language of that country . 
  i do n't think this should be acceptable , i certainly would n't want that here , and i do n't know why western europeans even tolerate it . 
  ** summary ** the timisoara court of appeals rejected a request by us authorities to extradite marcel lazar lehel , also known as `` guccifer '' , who hacked email accounts belonging to several us personalities and officials , including colin powell , bush family members and hillary clinton . 
  he is currently serving a 7 year prison term in the arad county prison . 
  he was featured in norton 's 2015 short documentary , [ the most dangerous town on the internet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un_xi4mm6qi ), 
  i do n't think anyone is saying white people are perfect and incapable of committing crimes . 
  it 's just that migrants have a disproportional representation among criminals . 
  imo it has more to do with the background they grow up in , that 's why i 'm against this multiculturalism bullshit , but i do n't have anything against people of different skin color . 
  i have a black friend who was born and raised in romania and is as romanian as it as gets , but that 's only because he grew up permanently surrounded by romanians , not in some shit immigrant neighbourhood . 
  that 's the main problem with immigrants , not genetics or some shit , but the fact that they are allowed to bundle together and set up a mini version of the shit country they came from , so it 's still going to be a culture clash , even if they grow up in europe . 
  gang merkeled . 
  actually , most draconian laws are about terrorism , but if terrorism ca n't justify it , then it 's about the kids . 
  as we say in romanian `` o lab\u0103 la timpul ei face c\u00e2t 1000 de femei '' or `` a fap at the right time is worth 1000 women '' . 
  i do n't know , i just never felt that porn was a substitute for sex or sex was a substitute for porn . 
  i just enjoy both . 
  it 's like asking someone why he would enjoy both eating oranges and drinking orange juice . 
  maybe i just like watching other people go at it , it does n't mean i do n't like going at it . 
  everyday people ca n't afford lobbyists . 
  lobbying is basically like legal bribing . 
  i have n't lived in britain since early last year , so no , i do n't live amongst british slackers . 
  what i 'm saying is that during my time in london , most of the people i saw working , everything from managers to garbage collectors , were either first or second generation migrants , not white british . 
  on the other hand , i saw many white britons who looked like they had way too much free time on their hands . 
   anyway they should just ban the sites , pornography is a relationship killer . 
  why so ? 
  i 've always been pretty open with my girlfriends that i do watch porn , some did n't like to watch porn themselves , but none had a problem with the fact that i watch it . 
  as long as you are moderate about your viewing habits , you do n't use porn as a substitute for sex with your so and you do n't propose you try everything you see in porn movies , your so should n't have a problem with it , unless they 're some kind of bigot , in which case you 'd probably be better off breaking up . 
  next , they 'll make a law so the gchq will be able to photograph you with your own webcam at random intervals while you watch the porn , you know , just to make sure there are no children in the proximity . 
   yeah we conquered half of the world and dominated the other half because we 're lazy and love to slack off . 
  yeah , definitely the fact that you enslaved and exploited half of the world is something to be proud of . 
   it was all of those romanian and lithuanian immigrants that built the british empire . 
  no , it was actually the people who were enslaved by the british who built the british empire . 
  do n't pretend like the british empire did n't do some really atrocious crimes in its history , or they do n't teach that in british schools , do they ? 
   it was all of those romanian and lithuanian immigrants that built the british empire . 
  they 're the ones who are building it now , actually . 
  go to any construction site in london . 
  how many white british workers do you see ? 
  how many white british work in agriculture ? 
   sounds like an inferiority complex tbh . 
  no , it 's not an inferiority complex , i 'm just allergic to people who feel entitled for others to support their lifestyle . 
  i do n't have a bias against britain in particular , i hate people in my own country who have this mentality , but in britain ( and some other european countries to be fair ) this mentality is much more widespread . 
  i respect the us in this regard , over there , if you work , you have a comfortable life , but if you want to slack , well you better be happy living in a cardboard box , because that 's all you 're gon na get . 
  it does n't matter , if there are jobs on the market and the person is able to work , they should not be able to claim benefits except in very limited circumstances . 
  also , the idea of housing provision is a terrible waste of money , the state is basically giving free money to landlords , because if there were no housing provisions they would have no choice but to lower the prices to levels that working people , even those making minimum wage , would be able to afford without state support . 
  what about that famous welfare queen , who has like 8 kids and is sucking the state for # 26,000 a year ? 
  does she love kids so much that she ca n't have enough of them ? 
  wow , i had no idea salaries in italy were so low . 
  do you live in the north , or the south ? 
   in work benefits are paid to people in work . 
  out of work benefits are paid to people between jobs , long term unemployment ( people out of work for 12 months or more ) is low , its only a small proportion of those out of work . 
  beyond that you do have people who are disabled and unable to work . . you forgot child benefits , do n't tell me there are n't any couples out there who reproduce for the sole purpose of being able to continuously slack and claim benefits , because there are . 
  it does n't quite work that way .
