  the reason ? 
  she wanted to buy a fucking bicycle !, 
   what are the reasons for their intense , violent hate that goes far beyond simple exclusion though ? 
  it 's a combination of ignorance and sheep mentality which is pretty common throughout eastern europe . 
  it 's the same in romania . 
  the educational system spoon feeds you information which you are not encouraged to question . 
  it is even present within subjects like maths or physics - the teacher will show you one or two ways of solving a problem and if you do it in a different way , you might get a lower score . 
  i remember tutoring my cousin for her capacitate exam and she refused to use an easier way of solving a specific type of problem , because she kept telling me her teacher taught her to do it in a different way . 
  so , there you have it , it 's basically a combination between propaganda and an educational system that does n't encourage you to think for yourself . 
  the only reason romania is n't like russia at this point , is because we do n't have a strong central authority to exploit the ignorance and sheep mentality . 
  the russians just happen to have a herder . 
  [ i honestly do n't find this shit normal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a6yaqgz28u ), 
  people would do much more than queue for an iphone , my neighbours daughter , 16 , had sex with a 40 year old guy for an iphone . 
  i know this because her parents found out , and it turned into a huge fight , so basically everyone living in the block found out . 
  i honestly do n't know how she planned to explain her new $ 700 phone to her parents . 
  never had the intention of becoming one . 
  ca n't blame them , if your church has some moa\u0219te for idiots to kiss , you 're set for life , you can already order that [ mercedes s-klasse you 've been craving ] ( http://i.imgur.com/43a6ubv.jpg ) . 
  moa\u0219te kissing is good business . 
   did anyone get any disease from doing that ? 
  it 's unhygienic if people get diseases . 
  i do n't know , but i doubt they would link it to the moa\u0219te kissing if someone turns up to the hospital with hepatitis or some shit . 
   well in this particular case , it 's just bones , it 's no longer decomposing . 
  more disgusting than the fact that you 're kissing bones , is the fact that thousands of people have kissed said bones before you . 
  the same goes for kissing the cross or holy paintings . 
  it makes my stomach turn inside out , just when i see some old peasant , who probably has n't brushed their teeth since the 1989 revolution , french kiss the shit out of that cross . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  other than abortion being legal in romania ( and that 's only because romania has had a pretty traumatic experience with abortions being illegal in commie times , not because the church approves of it ) , the two countries are pretty similar in these regards . 
  that 's true , but it does n't change the fact that it 's still kind of disgusting and unhygienic . 
  also , if it 's a funeral , in some parts of the country people kiss the actual corpse , i know it was probably someone they love , but it 's still a decomposing corpse for fuck sake . 
  former romanian president traian b\u0103sescu published his cellphone number and email address on facebook , after joining the popular movement party . 
  the president 's phone number , as well as his email address are clearly visible , only his signature being blurred . 
  the former president announced he had joined the pmp , saying the most important reason for his return to politics being the defence of his two presidential mandates . 
  some people called , and traian basescu answered : `` i called from germany and he answered !!!, 
  '' , `` he answered the phone , yeeeeees !!!, 
   ) ) '' , `` i also called , was shocked when he answered !, 
  '' , some facebook users reported . 
   if an american terrorist , let 's say a right wing extremist , uses the american flag after committing a crime well , i know one guy who sparked a huge controversy over the confederate flag , so ... 
  i did a reverse image search , found only the same picture with the daesh logo bag , but judging by the quality , it might be a frame from a video which was then shopped . 
  who knows ... 
  any type of brainwashing is better than islamist brainwashing . 
  it still baffles my mind how some people are so helplessly retarded that they fall for extremist religious propaganda . 
  just another bunch confirming religion is nothing more than a sick joke . 
  what a dumbass !, 
  they can fuck as much as they want , if they 're on birth control it wo n't really help in any way . 
  romania could easily join the scehngen area if it wants , but our politicians lack the balls to do it . 
  first thing , it should have told merkel to go fuck herself with her migrants . 
  second , there are many german , dutch , french etc. 
  businesses , making billions here , make their lives a bit harder and soon enough , they 'll be in their home countries lobbying politicians to get romania into schengen . 
  it would only take a few months , but of course , romanians know only to bend over , we bent over for the turks , the soviets , the americans and now we bend over to germoney . 
  i never like orban very much , but seeing him now , i really wish he would be our pm now , because the guy has fucking balls . 
  any hungarians wanting to swap orban for ponta ? 
   but if that country does n't want to give you a registration number this does n't really happen . 
  well , it happened with the uk , but it was before 2014 , when freedom of movement was still restricted there . 
  why do they even need a hospital for , half of oltenia has already invaded timisoara , the other half is packing their bags . 
  jokes aside , most county hospitals in romania have at least one section that looks like that , but it does n't mean the entire hospital looks like that . 
  they usually renovate just parts of hospitals because of lack of funds . 
  i do n't know man , pacients in public hospitals get like $ 1.80 worth of food per day , even stray dogs get like $ 2.50 worth of food per day ( and romania is being criticized for how it treats strays ) . 
  convicts also get $ 6 worth of food per day . 
  in conclusion , if you are a hospital pacient , better have someone bring you real food . 
  i would n't risk going abroad if i were you , the situation is pretty volatile , so you do n't know if they 'll suddenly decide to suspend schengen and start checking passports . 
  i would agree with this as long as it 's designed to keep illegals out , not invite them in , like frau merkel wants . 
  maybe , but i doubt the impact would be that significant , romania currently needs infrastructure ( motorways ) more than anything else . 
  it currently takes almost 13 hours to get from bucharest to vienna , and that 's via car , not truck . 
  and that 's your second best option to a plane , as trains are slow as snails . 
  probably as much as a couple of lamborghinis . 
  schengen is overrated , the main beneficiaries would be truckers , because everyone else crosses the border in like a hot knife through butter . 
  last time i crossed into hungary , the border guard just looked at my id for like 10 seconds and that was it . 
  when i got back , i pulled a little further away from the booth and the guy inside was to lazy to get out , so he just told me to keep going . 
  they only take border checks seriously when they 're expecting some big time wanted criminal to cross , which i think is a good thing . 
  imho the marshall plan is overrated . 
  the uk received like $ 3.2 billion over 4 years , for a population of 50 million . 
  that 's like $ 64 per per person over 4 years . 
  even when adjusted for inflation , it 's like roughly an iphone per person , so really not that much . 
  ceausescu is n't comparable with hoxha , not by a long shot . 
  romania had relations with outside states , it had industry , infrastructure etc , albania had none of it . 
  in the late 80s , romania 's gdp per capita was around $ 6000 , albania 's was around $ 750 , and romania was n't even among the richest communist states , actually , it was among the poorest . 
  also , do n't forget that most commie states collapsed in 1989 , albania 's system collapsed in 1994 . 
  basically , albania started from much worse than anyone else , it 's actually pretty impressive that it managed to overtake countries like bosnia , ukraine or moldova . 
  romania offers citizenship to moldovans . 
  those who are n't dumb as fuck , already have it . 
  we have nothing to say about this , the suspected mastermind ( ilan shor ) does n't even speak romanian , yet he was voted in as mayor of orhei and yet it 's still the pro-russians with the loud mouth . 
  i 'd say let them drown in their own shit , they will remove the current corrupt government and replace it with a pro-russian government which will be just as corrupt ( if not worse ) . 
  moldova will sink deeper and depeer into poverty , until very you person leaves and it becomes a desolate wasteland full of putin-loving old people doing what they know best , demanding higher pensions . 
  unfortunately for them , there will be no one left to pay for their pensions . 
  germans capitalize every single noun for some reason . 
  my brother in law 's last name is farkas . 
  i had no idea what the hell it meant until today . 
   certain human rights are not debatable ( and certainly not by some village in slovakia well what about the rights of the locals who have legitimate fears about their town being turned into a shithole ? 
   maybe the un who the hell takes the un seriously ? 
   you ca n't just use blanket `` democracy '' as an argument democracy is n't perfect , but it seems to be the best system humanity has tried so far . 
  the eu - ukraine agreement is purely economical in nature , most people have no idea about how economics work , so i 'm pretty sure this will simply be a pro-eu vs anti-eu sort of vote , nothing to do with the actual question being asked . 
  it 's like having a referendum on wether schools should teach evolution or intelligent design . 
  kind of ridiculous to be honest . 
   they report that he seem to have showed support for isis , while also have showed signs of being mentally unstable . 
  how surprising / s. 
  no one , really , i mean i do n't trust my own government , how could i trust a foreign one to protect us in times of need ? 
  politics is a bitch , international politics even more so . 
  romania is pretty much like the mexico of europe , minus the drug cartels . 
  source ? 
   its funny that it is likely to make more prorussian politicians gain more power when russian banks were involved in that 1billion scandal the main deception here is that there are no pro-russian and pro-eu factions in moldova .
