  there 's simply no way this could be a good thing . 
   guess why we still have corruption and having corrupt willy-nillies still free at large . 
   i 'll give you a hint : lack of a 2nd amendment of our own . 
  yeah , because you ca n't get more 5000 people to protest some idiotic law , surely we would have vigilante corruption hunters / s no , the ony thing a `` 2nd amendment '' would do here is increase the murder and accidental gun deaths rate . 
  [ banner at a match between a hungarian team and a romanian one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zyt9knv.jpg ) translation :  how long does a hungarian woman hold the shit inside her ? 
   9 months note : i do not approve the message on that banner . 
  ok , then what are they going to do when those countries just stop paying their contributions ? 
  are we really going to screw each other over a bunch of migrants ? 
   first of all i do not confuse pedophiles with child molesters . 
  the only difference is that there may be some pedophiles who have not yet molested children , but have a desire for that . 
  obviously , we do n't live in the minority report world , so we ca n't punish people before they commit a crime . 
  again , if you have a desire to fuck children then you seek help . 
  atm , there 's no way to reprogram a pedophile 's brain to feel attracted to adults instead of children so chemical castration is the only viable option ( besides locking them up in a cage or putting them on top of a mountain miles away from the nearest kid ) . 
   second , every punishment must be inside human dignity and physical integrity . 
  we do n't cut out tongues for lying and we do n't hack off hands for stealing . 
  punishments should be designed to stop people from reoffending . 
  lying is not even a crime ( unless done in court ) and theft is a low risk crime . 
  also , child molestation , unlike most crimes do not depend on the social status of the offender , you can help a thief or a drug dealer to obtain the skills necessary to obtain a decent job , but this would do nothing to rehabilitate a child molester . 
  so what 's your alternative ? 
  let them molest children ? 
  a bit bold to call me sick when you 're the one defending pedophiles here , do n't you think ? 
   pedophilia - in itself - can not be treated with ( chemical ) castration . 
  educate yourself , please . 
  chemical castration reduces sexual desires in general , including deviant ones like pedophilia . 
   in 1981 , in an experiment by p. gagne , 48 males with long standing histories of sexually deviant behaviour were given medroxyprogesterone acetate for as long as 12 months . 
  forty of those subjects were recorded as to have diminished desires for deviant sexual behaviour , less frequent sexual fantasies , and greater control over sexual urges . 
  the research recorded a continuation of this more positive behaviour after the administration of the drug had ended with no evidence of adverse side effects and recommended medroxyprogesterone acetate along with counselling as a successful method of treatment for serial sex offenders . 
   chemical castration is only available for males , afaik . 
  provide links if it is available for females ( the majority of ( sexual ) abuse of a child by a single parent occurs by the mother ) . 
  equality before the law . 
  that 's obviously because there is insufficient research on the subject , i 'm pretty sure if the governments told pharmaceutical companies to come up with a solution within a few years , they could . 
   no matter how you formulate it - you are only one step away from inhumanities that we should have put behind us long ago . 
  not to say , treating pedophiles as less human is exactly as , if not more , disgusting as sexual abuse itself . 
  i do n't think it 's inhuman to prevent people who treat children inhumanely to have more of them . 
  it 's a bit like natural selection , people who are abused in childhood are likely to become abusers , so preventing abusive people from having children means that , in the long run , the problem will be greatly reduced . 
   edit : pedophilia is not a crime ( like rape ) . 
  pedophilia is a mental illness . 
  acting on it is a crime . 
  you want to castrate people because they are sick . 
  yes , they are sick but they are not delusional , they know what they are doing is wrong , that 's why some pedophiles voluntarily sign up for chemical castration . 
  if they are seek , no one will punish them if they seek help , but if they decide to act out their deviant desires , then they will be punished . 
   right now just anybody can buy semi-auto version of ak , hunting rifle or other weapons . 
  and we can buy other things on black market . 
  not passing a law would not make things better either . 
  i understand , i do n't know ukrainian law and judging by the title i believed it was about making it easier for people to buy guns . 
  in that case i agree it should be regulated , in romania you need a pretty good reason to own a gun ( hunting , sports , collector , witness protection etc. ), 
  and that 's why we have very few gun related deaths or injuries . 
  some countries have chemical castration for pedophiles and rapists . 
  i believe it could be extended to people who treat their children like this . 
  do you believe people like this should be allowed to procreate ? 
  arming ukrainians willy-nilly does n't sound like a good idea , more like a recipe for disaster . 
  ukraine had more murders per capita than most eu countries ( except estonia ) , even before the war , this would only serve to make the situation worse imho . 
  if you want security , you need a properly trained and disciplined army , not some hillbillies with guns . 
   later , the disturbing footage the youngster - who is wearing a hello kitty t-shirt - can be heard shouting ` allahu ekber ' ( god is greater ) while holding another knife . 
  yup , sounds like a shitty attempt at propaganda by the ( pro- ) russians . 
  in any case , this kid should be taken away from her sorry excuses for parents asap . 
  they should also be sent to jail and castrated for child abuse , what kind of retard would allow their kid to hold a knife like that ? 
  even if it 's blunt , it still look metal , so she could poke out her eyes or some shit . 
  yeah , but very few ( proportionally ) were killed in actual extermination camps . 
  most of those who died , died from starvation , disease , shootings etc. 
  so it was not as systematic as with the jews . 
  there were a few thousand who died in camps or gas vans , but obviously nothing compared with the jews . 
  i do n't know why asylum requests from albanians are even considered . 
  i mean , ok , it 's poor , but so are other balkan countries as well as moldova , ukraine etc. 
   why did n't hitler kill the muslims instead of the jews ? 
  because it 's impossible to get a muslim to take a shower . 
  i 've heard this joke in romania as well , only it was about gypsies instead of muslims . 
  / r/europen ? 
   or why not pay china ? 
  china has enough money they could buy some european countries whole . 
  this is actually one way to protect the borders . 
  if migrants are sent back it will lower their incentive to come to europe . 
  also , a billion euros is nothing if you consider how much money it would cost to keep them here on welfare . 
  what things did they add ? 
  you made me curious . 
   the problem is , the only people i see sharing similar values and fears as myself seem to be far-right , racist , neo-nazi , etc. 
  types there are many people , both on this sub and on this continent who are very concerned and are neither far-right , nor neo-nazis , nor racists . 
  yes , some of the anti-immigration parties are extreme , but that does n't mean that only people who support them are concerned . 
  also , leftist propaganda , especially in western european countries , will call everyone who does n't share their views a racists , just like feminists call everyone who oposes their ideology misogynists . 
  from the internet ? 
   a country where they round refugees up at sea and dump them on some camp on an island yeah , that 's why australia does n't have any `` migrant crisis '' . 
  we could simply do the same and this ordeal would be over . 
  we were dumb enough to bomb gaddafi , now we should do something smart for a change and send in troops to libya to fix the migrant situation . 
   yes because safe country means getting ~ ~ a good job ~ ~ welfare benefits and getting fat . 
  ftfy . 
  pretty much impossible to tell . 
  these guys are probably cigarette smugglers who are taking advantage of the migrant crisis to make more money . 
  so they could be anything , gypsies , romanians , serbs from romania etc. 
  from the news reports , i would have expected the bodies to be in a more advanced decomposition stage . 
  it still baffles me how the initial estimate was 20-50 bodies , i mean , ok when you open those doors it might be hard to figure if there are 70 or 71 bodies inside , but you should be able to tell if there are about 20 bodies or about 70 bodies . 
   `` here in berlin , near my house i have a mosque , '' he said . 
  `` arabic food is near me . 
  my wife is muslim , wearing a veil . 
  when she goes [ out ] , nobody would speak bad to her . '' when i went to work abroad , my first thoughts were n't about finding a place to eat m\u0103m\u0103lig\u0103 or sarmale , but i did care where all the romanian orthodox churches were , just to make sure i would n't be living anywhere near one . 
  if you want to move to a country , you should be expected to integrate with the natives , not start a state within a state with the people who come from the same country as you . 
  if you are n't ready to leave all that shit behind , then do n't leave at all , or go to a country similar to yours . 
  i just do n't get why europe puts up with this shit , i think most people would n't have any problem if the migrants would simply be willing to assimilate , but if they 're not going to treat their adoptive country with respect , why should their adoptive country treat them with respect or let them in in the first place ? 
  maybe they took the pics down , there were only two pics anyway . 
  many israelis are european or first/second generation children of european jews . 
  from a link which popped up in my facebook newsfeed .
