  probably half the rapes in the country happen there , which is staggering , considering the county is home to only 2 % of the population . 
  it 's probably even more if you 'd add the cases that go unreported . 
  a policeman said in an interview with vice news he once had a case where a woman went in to report a rape , solely because she was dissatisfied with the rapist 's performance . 
  there 's some tension between ponta and cazanciuc , especially since ponta has been criminally indicted . 
  my guess is that ponta either : a. 
  is trying to get rid of cazanciuc to replace him with someone more loyal . 
  is using the vasui gang rape case to direct public anger towards that case and away from his own corrupt government - something like `` oh , look , while we 're imprisoning honest politicians , those monstrous rapists are let free ! '', 
  c. both a and b. 
   kids these days do n't speak russian anymore , so the number is going down . 
  muligambia would suggest otherwise . 
  also , most moldovans have a mail.ru address and the interface is n't available in romanian . 
  edit : for those who do n't know , muligambia is a moldovan websites that scouts social media profiles in order to create celebrities out of ordinary moldovans . 
  i think it would say `` in an open relationship '' , with moldova being the woman and russia and the eu being its buttsex buddies . 
   which shows an increase in people who identify themselves as romanian and who identify their native language as romanian . 
  this is undoubtedly related to the increase in pro-eu stances . 
  it 's curious how moldovans suddenly started becoming pro-romanian after romania joined the eu in 2007 . 
  i made a rough estimate , it 's like 140k people working in it and around 2.6 million working in agriculture iirc . 
   russian is very common spoken language in ~ ~ chisinau ~ ~ moldova i do n't know any moldovan adult who ca n't speak russian . 
  pretty sure like 99 % of moldovans speak russian as a second language . 
  the remaining 1 % are mostly kids born after 2000 . 
  the massive `` no '' vote in the referendum from a few weeks ago and the general attitude of greeks on this sub is probably a good indicator that you guys are more angry with your creditors rather than your govt . 
  yeah , but the np and ep are different from actual membership . 
  moldova is simply too poor , too unreliable and has too many problems to be of any use as an eu member state . 
  balkan countries like serbia , montenegro , albania etc. 
  are probably going to join the eu long before moldova will even be recognized as an official candidate country . 
  the only way i see moldova joining would be if romania somehow blackmails the eu into accepting them ( like greece did with cyprus in 2004 ) . 
   i did n't vote for syriza pal , i do n't agree with their strategy that created more problems . 
  now if you think that all greeks should suffer because of a stupid gvt , then good luck . 
  well , then you should be angry at your government , not the people who do n't want to give them money . 
  yeah , only you 're forgetting one thing . 
  agriculture simply is n't sufficient for a 21st century economy . 
  look at romania , agriculture and the it sector have the same contribution to the gdp , the difference is that it uses 95 % less workforce to achieve that result . 
  that 's not to say agriculture is n't important , however it is not sufficient to create a modern , functioning state . 
  that 's not russian . 
   the democratic party it just sounds good . 
  it 's actually run by an ex-commie and most of the party elite are ex-commies as well . 
   sorry europe , a lot of our people still do n't understand the whole `` working together '' thing . 
  it 's not like western countries understand it either . 
  also , the ez countries have a vested interest to bail out greece , non ez countries do n't have , thus they should n't care . 
  why would the eu be pro-moldova ? 
  moldova is as close as it gets to being a failed state and the eu is n't exactly a charity . 
  they should be thankful the eu dropped visa requirements on them , but membership ... 
  i do n't really see it happening until at least 2035 . 
  well , did some research and it seems instagram is written in python , not php , so i do n't think it was sql injection . 
  yeah , but it 's a peasant wearing a tracksuit . 
  i wonder how this would work in romania , since romania does n't recognise kosovo . 
  moldova is even worse but it has had visa free travel for over two years now , with just 0.5 % cases of overstaying ... 
  ah , this reminds me of that sludge from 5-6 years ago . 
  we made a lot of jokes about hungary back then . 
  i found some vcr tapes from the ceausescu era , most were american , but pirated , the quality was bad , but not horrible . 
  the romanian ones looked very sketchy and like they were filmed with a potato . 
  well , you could have hacked yahoo though . 
  they had ( and still have ) some of the crappiest programmers . 
   afaik this was basically just a basic sql injection into a comment box on instagram which should never ever go through but the code was extremely poorly secured so the vulnerability was there . 
  any source on this ? 
  it should really give people the chills if a major service in 2016 is vulnerable to an exploit that used to be a thing more than a decade ago . 
  i wonder what their codebase looks like , do they still use ` mysql_query ( ) ` ? 
  did you hack instagram when you were 10 ? 
  my biggest achievement at that age was discovering my dad 's hidden porn stash . 
  well , not with milos zeman as president it is n't . 
  the propaganda is n't strong , the people who consume it are weak and ignorant . 
  the pro-russian propaganda in moldova specifically makes no sense whatsoever to anyone who has more than one neuron . 
  on one hand , they claim to support moldova 's independence and neutral status , but only when it comes to relationships with the west , when it comes to russia , they openly support putin and all his pet projects . 
  when a politician supports two conflicting ideologies at the same time ( independence + neutrality and alliance with russia ) this should make even the pro-russians ' bullshit alarms go off . 
  however , they do n't seem to notice , actually they too go along with these kinds of narratives , as the loudest supporters of moldovenism barely speak any `` moldovan '' ( as they call it ) , if at all ... 
  the limit is not because of corruption , but simply to make it harder to evade taxes . 
  if every large transaction has to go through a bank , it 's very hard to hide money from the anaf . 
  i 'm jewish , actually . 
  looks suspiciously like natalia poklonskaya , just with longer hair . 
  or they could go full romania on that shit and simply ban cash transactions over a certain daily limit . 
  in romania , it 's simply illegal to make cash payments over 10.000 lei ( $ 2250 ) per day between individuals and over 5000 lei ( $ 1125 ) per day between companies . 
  you are simply forced to use the middle man ( the bank ) . 
  or maybe he could invest all the $ 10k in a mutual fund with a good annual return and have enough money to start his own network security business by the time he 's out of college . 
  just sayin ' . 
  i honestly do n't know anyone who quit smoking because the warnings on packaging . 
  i know a few who quit because of the prices and actual health problems , but never because of the packaging . 
   the boy , from helsinki , told finnish newspaper iltalehti he planned to use the money to buy a new bike , football equipment and computers for his brothers . 
  well , he might be smart with computers , but clearly lacks basic money management skills . 
  just to point out , the logic of these protesters is totally flawed . 
  the first woman ( the angry fat one ) says :  we are moldova , we are n't nato , we do n't want war in our country . 
  as if having a joint excercise means war . 
  the second one , the one with the hand drawn stop sign , says :  where there 's nato , there 's war . 
  nato is a north atlantic organization that should n't be here . 
  although nato does get involved in wars ( it 's a military organization after all ) its 28 member states have n't seen war on their territories for a very long time . 
  the second sentence she spews out from her mouth makes no sense whatsoever and just proves she has no idea what she 's talking about . 
  the russian speaking guy with the black jacket says :  if we are not members of this alliance , then this people , this military equipment , should not be in our country . 
  well , mr. russian speaking guy , let me remind you that russia has had its people and military equipment in your country for around a quarter of a century and moldova is not part of any alliance with russia , but you seem to forget that . 
  the blond fat one next to the one eating sunflower seeds says :  so we need nato now ? 
  we need wars ? 
  we 're already poor , we do n't have jobs . 
  what does one thing have to do with another ? 
  the russian speaking guy with the white jacket acusses nato of warmongering , mentions syria and libya . 
  totally forgets that russia got involved in syria as well , but syria is far away , ukraine is next door , totally forgets about ukraine . 
  the last one , the fat pro-russian mp , claims there is no agreement between the ministry of defense of moldova and the ministry of defense of the us . 
  well , joke 's on you mr. fat pro-russian politician , the us does n't have a ministry of defense , it 's called the department of defense , but no worries , there are still idiots who believe you know what you 're talking about , even though you have no idea what the equivalent institution in the us is called . 
  iirc us troops were very much welcomed in czech republic , poland and romania last year . 
  moldova actually has a smaller russian minority in estonia , like 10 % , but the brainwashing is strong there , pro-russian parties have almost 50 % support and even many so called `` pro-eu '' politicians have actually come from the pro-russian boat ( like marian lupu ) . 
  the perfect embodiement of moldovan politics , it 's most powerful man ( who is said to be in control of pretty much everything ) , vladimir plahotniuc , has both romanian as well as russian citizenship . 
  well , we have kanal d , which is owned by a turkish company , and they air some turkish shows , but suleiman the magnificent was the most successful . 
  romanian housewives are obsessed with cheesy love stories , first there were the low quality soap operas from mexico and south america on acas\u0103 tv , then crappy indian movies on na\u021bional tv , then shitty romanian soap operas inspired by south american ones , then suleiman the magnificent and obviously directed `` reality '' tv ( in the past , they tried to make reality shows appear legit , by bluring faces , making the actors threaten and even assault cameramen etc.
