  if you are so supportive of the romanian orthodox church why do n't you donate some money to it ? 
  why do you expect the government to pay out of my pocket just because you believe in some stupid old fairytale ? 
  not sure if you 're trolling or if you 're actually retarded . 
  lol , if russia wanted to annex transnistria , it would have done so long ago , it 's not like they give a shit about international law or `` sanctions '' . 
  besides , transnistria is a worse than even crimea , crimea at least has some beaches , transnistria only has bitches and lenin statues . 
  transnistria is much more useful to russia as part of moldova , as it can be used as an industrial scale money laundry and as a tool to destabilize moldova . 
  the average transnistrian is also brainwashed snd ignorant as fuck , on a scale of 1 to north korea , transnistria sits quite near the top . 
  russia is more than just moscow and st. petersburg you know ... 
   5 years ? 
  what ? 
  are they employing only 1 guy to do it ? 
  even if they employed one guy who worked like one hour a day , it would n't have taken as long to make it . 
  hell , even if they employed some dude with zero knowledge in web design or development , pay for him to learn html , css , javascript , php/python/ruby , then design and code the website , it still would n't have taken as long and would n't have cost as much . 
  my personal guess is they signed a contract with some obscure web design company ( who was owned by someone close to the politician ( s ) who sealed the deal ) , the actual website was done in a week or so ( five years ago , because the website does n't look like something designed in 2015 ) , then they kept postponing the launch date so that it could suck in more and more money . 
  i used to work in web design and i can say for sure that job is n't worth more than lower four figures . 
  heck , you would n't even need a web design company for that shit , it could be done by a computer savvy high school student . 
  $ 1,000 - actual cost of designing and coding the website $ 4,099,000 - the bribe . 
  that would help , if the netherlands and russian flags would n't be so similar . 
  muslims complaining ? 
  well , that 's something new ... / s, 
  q : how many somalis can you fit in a phone booth ? 
  a : all of them . 
  it happens in the uk as well , especially with immigrants . 
  most immigrants are officially `` self-employed '' , while in reality they are full time employees , with none of the protections and advantages granted to legit employees . 
   which is clearly not a personal reason !, 
  because they 're muslim !, 
  ok , i see you have problems seeing the difference between a random idiot who kills his wife and a fucking terrorist . 
  terrorists are politically motivated , they have no personal relationship with their victims , nor do they do it for monetary gain or sexual gratification , like regular murderers . 
   had they been cristian , everything , even killing in the name of god , would have been a `` personal reason '' !, 
  yeah , except it would n't be . 
  christian terrorists would be just as bad , but except you do n't see loads of christians blowing themselves up in the name of god . 
  when that happens , we should consider finding the root of the problem , but atm , islamic terrorists are a real and big threat . 
   so first things first : since murdering is clearly not a french value , all murderers must have been not french !, 
  yeah , except terrorists are not murderers , murderers kill for personal reasons ( anger , money , pleasure , mental problems ) , terrorists kill because of their ideology . 
   or even they were bred here , i.e. 
  they were more french than even the average french . 
  being `` more french tha the average french '' would mean you have some knowledge and affinity towards french values . 
  blowing yourself up while shouting allahu akbar is not really a french value . 
  so they might be citizens of france , maybe even born in france , but their allegiance and values are extremely alien to france . 
  this just goes to show that multiculturalism is a failure and islamists are dangerous , no matter where they were born . 
  how reassuring ... 
   a syrian passport was found on the body of one of the bombers at the stadium , police say . 
  \\ #refugeeswelcome, 
  hopefully , they will be considered pests and dealt with appropriately . 
  there were several islamic terrorist groups who were stopped in their tracks in romania in the lasta 10 or so years . 
  thing is , it 's much easier to keep an eye out for islamists when you have a few thousand muslim immigrants in your country than when you have several million . 
  how come shit like this does n't happen in poland , hungary , romania etc. ? 
  oh , wait , yeah , you all know the reason . 
  this political correctness crap has to stop from now on . 
  you ca n't say this , you ca n't say that , because some people might be `` offended '' . 
  people who agree with this line of thinking are full of shit - on one side , people are being offended , on the other people are getting fucking killed , this has to stop !, 
  read that as `` one night in ireland '' , expected piss drunk people ... 
  [ quite a few ] ( https://ro.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/discu\u021bie:list\u0103_de_inunda\u021bii_din_rom\u00e2nia ), 
  in shitty villages yes , but in cities ( at least in the parts where i live ) most are made from fired bricks . 
  it 's pretty tough to sell a mud brick house in romania nowadays , people avoid them like the plague , mostly because every time there 's a flood somewhere you hear about dozens of mud brick houses collapsing . 
  in romania , most people want their houses to survive at least a lifetime without any major repairs , so timber houses are very unpopular . 
  most old houses are made of bricks , and most new houses are built with aac blocks . 
  the probability of russian interference is so small , it 's almost science fiction . 
  there 's only one pro-russian party in romania , united romania ( guess where they got the inspiration for the name , duh ) which is basically a romanian version of jobbik , but which much less public support . 
  we also do n't have any significant russian minority , only lipovans , around 35,000 of them , but they are about as loyal to russia as white americans are to europe . 
  there are some business relations between the two countries , but nothing crucial ( romania has its own gas , it has recently even started supplying moldova , just to spite the russkies ) . 
  the only big russian company in romania that most people actually heard of is lukoil , which also was discovered to have evaded billions in taxes , their fuel quality is also shit , many people having reported problems after fueling up at some lukoil stations , so nothing of value would be lost if they just fucked off . 
  pretty sure even more people die from heart attacks , however , i do n't see the relevance . 
  kim jong un has little power to influence politics outside north korea . 
  yes , he has nukes , but south korea and japan are backed by the us , so attacking them would be suicide . 
  the only other two countries bordering north korea are china and russia , and both could crush it in a heartbeat . 
  putin has great influence on the politics of neighbouring countries , as well as the eu . 
  the fucker just grabbed crimea a couple of years ago without any serious consequences . 
  he is also in control of several wannabe countries , like the donetsk and luhansk people 's republics , transnistria , abkhazia etc. 
  which are parasite states with the sole purpose of causing political and economic trouble in the host countries . 
  i 'm not choosing what 's true and what 's a lie , i 'm just highly sceptical of a facebook store which can be easily made up . 
  i just find it easier to believe that the guy made up this story than that a gay couple hosted 24 muslims . 
  the first question is `` did this actually happen ? '', 
  there 's no proof it did beyond the guy 's facebook post - no pictures , no witnesses to confirm the story , nothing . 
  people can simply lie on the internet , you know that , right ? 
  / r/thathappened sorry , but this just reeks of bullshit . 
  why are there no pictures of him and the 24 refugees he was allegedly hosting ? 
  how come no one else can confirm the story ? 
  facebook posts are now considered reliable evidence that something actually happened ? 
  what if another guy wrote a post about how he hosted one refugee , who stole all his valuable stuff , raped his girlfriend and ate his dog for dinner , would anyone take him serious without police reports , pictures , witnesses ? 
  it varies . 
  doors to private spaces ( apartments , houses , offices etc. ), 
  normally open inwards , while doors to public spaces ( shops , restaurants , public institutions etc. ), 
  open outwards . 
  this is not a rule however , some public spaces have doors that open inwards , although , imho , places where lots of people gather should always have doors that open outwards , to make it easier for people to escape the building in case of a fire or something . 
  why are n't there millions of people out in the streets , protesting this shit ? 
  are people really so dumb and ignorant ? 
  this is why i 'm so scared of the idea of having kids . 
  yeah , maybe that 's why they kinda look like commie blocks , because it 's exactly what commie blocks are : low cost , high density housing . 
  not all commie blocks are made out of prefab panels , but they all have that signature matchbox look . 
  we 're not india yet , [ but we 're getting there ] ( https://i.imgur.com/4rn3tgm.jpg ) . 
  edit : to be fair , judging by the cars , i 'd say this pic was taken in like 2006-2007 , although i would n't bet the situation is much better in that particular intersection today . 
  did n't know spain had commie blocks . 
  a big part of being a doctor is being able to communicate with your patient . 
  this is n't only about comforting the patient , but if the doctor does n't understand what the patient is telling him , it 's likely he will end-up giving the wrong diagnosis . 
  this is still not as bad as the former environment minister in romania , who pushed the so-called `` environment tax '' for vehicles , then bought an audi q7 , which she registered in bulgaria , to avoid paying the tax that she basically invented . 
  great role model , what can i say ... 
  zombie apocalypse man , i knew it , i 've been waiting for this shit all my life , bring it on !, 
  remember guise , always go for the brain !, 
  that is beyond my point .
