  most public lighting lamps nowadays are hps , at least in the eu . 
  haha , first of all , do n't assume `` urban '' in moldova is equivalent to urban in the eu . 
  so , there you have it , 77.8 % of the population does n't even have access to sewage , let alone an indoor bathroom . 
  well it was n't actually basescu who brought us into the recession . 
  people keep forgetting about tariceanu , i do n't understand why he 's anything more than a political rotting corpse at this point ... 
   have you ever been to moldova ? 
  actually , yes , i have . 
  in romania at least ( and i assume much of eastern europe ) , we mostly used mercury vapour lamps until like 10-12 years ago . 
  those things were blindingly bright and caused a shitload of light polution , i 'm actually surprised it looks brighter in the 2010 picture . 
  edit : north korea is much worse than eastern europe ever was , you ca n't compare the two . 
  they wanted to renovate the street but ran out of money after they started . 
  what kind of leftist propaganda bullshit is this ? 
  the reason is pretty obvious , he started giving them romanian citizenship like it was free candy . 
  without basescu , there would have been way fewer moldovans working in the eu . 
  so , unlike moldovan politicians , he actually gave them something concrete . 
  but i doubt he could win though . 
  he could become an mp , easily , but pm ? 
  let 's be serious here . 
  trump is just a tool . 
  he 's so full of himself , he just wants to be us president for the sake of being us president . 
  i seriously doubt trump care about anything other than his own ego . 
  he 's also ignorant as fuck , other people would be making decisions for him . 
  well he is more popular in moldova than he is in romania so . . 
  it 's not a waste . 
  public lighting improves safety , both for traffic and as well as against crime . 
  it 's more likely to get robbed or raped in a dark area than in a well lit one , you know . 
  the website was made by kinecto , a romanian marketing firm . 
  carmen simion is probably just a representative , so it was n't necessarily her idea . 
  that 's exactly what i said , they probably ca n't afford the electricity bill . 
  anyway , public lighting is probably moldova 's major issue # 1094 , for the majority of moldovans an indoor bathroom is science fiction material - they heard of it , but they 've never seen one . 
  most moldovan villages and small towns are pitch dark at night , even though they do have some rather ancient lighting infrastructure . 
  i 'm guessing at some point they could n't afford to pay the electricity bill or replace the bulbs anymore . 
  bigger towns and cities are also quite poorly lit compared to other european towns/cities of similar size . 
  [ here 's a tongue in cheek comparison between the italian infrastructure and the moldovan one ( including public lighting ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0bkdl1rjbu ), 
  no , you did n't read the article , he was n't jailed because he gave away free chicken , he was jailed because he used his influence to make another guy give away free chicken to support his campaign . 
   i wonder if there 's any difference , in taste , between romanian and us fried chicken . 
  yeah , there is , american fried chicken tastes awful . 
  in fact , most american food either tastes really bad or it tastes good but it 's bad for your health . 
  i once ate a $ 10 burger called `` the heart attack '' or something like that , it did taste good , but it probably lowered my life expectancy by a couple of weeks . 
  it reminds me of [ this rap song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viopygunobi ) . 
  at 0:20 he says `` when istanbul will get into europe [ eu ] , we will get out '' . 
   ndragheta factures $ 53 billions yearly , half of them abroad , 36 billions just from cocaine . 
  i assume those numbers are estimates , because i doubt ndrangheta publishes official figures . 
   anyway , earning the equivalent of is not properly the same as accounting for . 
  well , with all their money laundering activities , most of that money does go back in the italian economy ( for example through consumption , investments , some taxes etc. 
  ) , so it accounts for some percentage of gdp . 
   what you stated does n't change what i said : it 's not simple bribing . 
  neither is it in romania or any other corrupt country it is simple bribing . 
  you said in your other comment `` it 's completely another kind of corruption '' , well , it 's not . 
  very few romanian politicians have been imprisoned for just simply taking a bribe , most have been involved in cases where the state was prejudiced with tens of millions of euros . 
  well , he did n't buy the chicken out of his pocket . 
  the problem is that he used his influence as party leader to convince the owner to give the chicken to the voters for free . 
  the owner agreed , then went to the police . 
  well , for one if the eu falls apart , the economic impact would be devastating for business , regardless of what happens to the euro . 
   will germany go back to deutschmarks ? 
  probably , yes . 
   will the euro lose all buying power ? 
  if it would cease to exist , deposits would be automatically be converted in the new currencies . 
  it would be pretty bad , it would become very devaluated . 
   will our savings be worth nothing ? 
  probably not , but a lot less for sure . 
   how would one prepare for this outcome ? 
  do n't hold euros . 
  open accounts in usd , chf , aud , cad etc. 
  whatever currency you trust . 
  better yet , if you expect an economic crisis , buy gold or silver . 
  precious metals are usually the only things that retain or even gain value during an economic crisis . 
  stocks , bonds , properties lose value in an economic crisis . 
  electronics , cars , boats etc. 
  lose value over time regardless . 
  seems that greece ca n't get over its spoilt brat syndrome , not even after the shit crossed the nose line . 
  ndrangheta is said to be accounting for at least 3 % of italy 's gdp . 
  we 're talking tens of billions of euros , and that 's only one mafia organization . 
  it would n't be feasible without large scale corruption . 
  yeah , but he is an indispensable tool . 
  putin could n't get rid of him even if he wanted to , without a despotic leader like kadyrov , chechnya would go full retard in no time . 
  kadyrov makes putin look moderate . 
  that 's nothing , really . 
  in romania , clothes are made for big name brands like hugo boss , burberry , lacoste etc. 
  and workers are paid like $ 200 per month , despite having to do lots of overtime . 
  sometimes , they do n't even get paid for months , the owners do n't care , it 's not like they have the money to sue them . 
  when the brands send someone to audit the factory , the employees are n't even allowed to talk with the auditors . 
  the factories are also built in the most deprived areas possible , so not even the local administration does anything , because they either bribe the local officials , or those officials are scared of losing the only investor in the area . 
  that 's by far the gayest ad i 've seen and gay propaganda is not illegal in my country . 
  43 % goes to `` transport '' in romania . 
  not surprised at all , fuck enel and e.on , these greedy sons of bitches . 
  in romania we do , but just in some places , where 's [ a separate flashing green arrow ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0fegkvv.jpg ) . 
   when they where the benefactors . 
  now , when they are supposed to help someone else , they are outraged . 
  oh , and when has the west been the benefactor of eastern europe ? 
  ah of course the biased media in the west makes it look like western countries are some kind of charities giving money to the east for free . 
  that 's just utter bullshit . 
  i can only speak for my country , but whenever the west `` gave '' us something with one hand , they took with four others from a different place . 
  just some examples : - 100 % of the electricity i consume is produced within romania , but i have to pay an italian company ( enel ) for it . 
  - the natural gas i consume is also 100 % extracted and processed in romania , but it 's being sold to me by e.on ( germany ) . 
  - my trash is picked by a company which is owned by remmert ( germany ) . 
  obviously , they do n't take the trash to germany , only the profits . 
  - virtually all important banks in romania are foreign owned . 
  the romanian commercial bank ? 
  that 's owned by erste group , austria .
