   it will do nothing ... if we could even stop religion there will be something else to fight ... maybe , maybe not . 
  most wars have been over religious/ethnic/cultural differences . 
  eliminate one from the equation and there 's one less reason for people to kill each other . 
  sure , there will still be wars , but fewer and at least they wo n't be for some stupid fairytale god . 
   and you cant tell people to stop believe in there god ... that is called free will . 
  religion is quite the opposite of free will . 
  people brainwash their children with these ideas . 
  they are told there is an invisible god and they can either : a. 
  believe in him , praise him , love him , respect his will and go to heaven where they will be at peace for all of eternity , or b. 
  not believe/praise/love him and/or disregard his will and be sent to hell were he will be tortured and will suffer and burn for ever and ever till the end of time . 
  does n't sound like much of a choice here , does it ? 
  not to mention that most religions teach that people who do n't follow the exact same flavour of that specific religion will go to hell anyway , thus are inferior to catholic christians/sunni muslims/orthodox jews / * insert flavour and religion here * . 
  shit like this should be considered child abuse , no civilized country should even consider allowing shit like this to be taught in schools they should only teach an objective , unbiased and uncosmeticized history of major religions . 
   al qaeda did not do what isis is doing and that is a reason why is need to be stopped asap . 
  no , but most people who control isis started out with al qaeda or similar groups . 
  yes , isis is perhaps more extreme , but the root cause is the same - religious fundamentalists . 
  you ca n't fight religious fundamentalism with bombs , this has been proven time and time again . 
   in this case with ground troops ... we cant expect us to this alone ... they have already lose much people in fighting terrorism ... every single time the us decided to `` fight terrorism '' , they only made matters much , much worse . 
  no , i do n't believe we should sacrifice more people to fight some primitive religious fundamentalists as long as we do n't attempt to fight the root cause of religious fundamentalism , which is , you guessed it - religion !, 
   but you need to see it from another angle , they tried to remove tyranny from this countries and make people life better ... ok , here is where i stopped reading . 
  i ca n't believe there still are people who actually buy that bullshit . 
   turns out religious satire is much more effective than debates with critics [ citation needed . 
  take my word for it . ], 
  i can back up that statement , gorge carlin and darkmatter2525 are the main reasons i became an atheist . 
  why not use alien blue ? 
  well , some of them stop and think and then quit . 
  others then take their place . 
  for most of them it 's probably just a decently paid job that does n't require many skills , except maybe being able to write in english . 
  i seriously doubt many of them look beyond the money and lose any sleep over the bullshit they 're writing . 
  because putin is n't stalin/hitler/mao / pol pot/idi amin , he 's been in power for 15 years , if he was willing to kill millions of people he would have already started doing it . 
  you really need a special kind of psychopath for that . 
   could they really block a website country-wide ? 
  yeah , they can , easily , the internet ( major fiber optics cables ) enters every country a specific points , all internet traffic in the country can be intercepted/filtered at those points . 
  when your russian enters ` http://reddit.com` in the address bar , a request is made to one of the [ root name servers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/root_name_server ) for the ip address of ` reddit.com ` . 
  however , the request is intercepted and blocked before it leaves the country , resulting in a `` this webpage is not available '' error . 
   whoever ca n't get past a domain block in 2015 does n't deserve to be able to use the internet . 
  i like how people imagine that all internet users are technically competent , when , in fact , most internet users are people like your mom or your sister . 
  can you see your mom using a vpn to access reddit ? 
  i do n't . 
  i assume putin bots use vpns . 
   his only problem would be a revolution at home . 
  this isnt going to happen . 
   so while russia might go to shit soon , why should putin even be worried ? 
  these two statements contradict each other . 
  if russia goes to shit , putin is fucked . 
  the russians are generally more tolerant of economic hardship than westerners , but this tolerance has a limit . 
  yes , it 's true that stalin survived his country going through the shitter , but he did that by being a total psychopath , killing millions of people , including many members of his own family . 
  basically , almost everyone who was around stalin was eventually either sent to the gulags or executed . 
  that 's how he maintained absolute power , putin does n't have this option . 
  nope , not going to happen , american , british and french nukes would be launched in reprisal as soon as any russian nukes are off the ground . 
  putin knows that a nuclear war is one that he can never win , even though he is a sociopath , that does n't mean he 's a fucking moron as well . 
  fighting isis will do nothing on the long term , just like fighting al qaeda / killing osama did nothing . 
  if we need to fight anything , it 's the root cause that people become radicalized - religion . 
  i ca n't stand people who claim religion is harmless , yeah , look at just how harmless it is , there are people willing to blow themselves up and commit atrocities in the name of some fairytale invisible god . 
  oh , romanians love conspiracy theories , here are some very common ones : ** 1 . 
  the dacian conspiracies ** - there are quite a few in this category , wo n't attempt to explain every one of them , but basically , there are people who believe that dacia was some sort of center of the fucking acient civilizations and that large parts of history were deliberately falsified for some reason . 
  of course , in reality , the roman invasion of dacia probably looked something like the us military invading some shitty third world country . 
  not that it would matter anyway , there is no such thing as a `` pure '' romanian , it 's enough to look three levels deep , everyone has some hungarian/german/gypsy / turkish/greek/jewish / ukrainian/serbian/croatian / bulgarian/albanian/czech / polish/slovak/russian grandparent as the romanians have fucked with basically everyone who set foot here during the course of history . 
  henri coanda 's laser gun ** this conspiracy theory/urban legend originates from 1960s , during the russian invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  it is said that the soviets did n't like the fact that romania opposed , so they tried to invade us with tanks , coming from the prut border ( the border with today 's moldova ) . 
  the conspiracy is that the romanian army melted the soviet tanks with a top secret laser weapon developed by henri coanda . 
  of course , in reality this was just some bullshit ceausescu propaganda , because people were scared shitless about a possible russian invasion . 
  since most people were dumb as fuck , some `` eye witness testimonies '' were enough to turn this into a conspiracy theory that still lasts after almost 50 years . 
  the 1989 revolution ** many people believe that either the cia or the soviets are responsible for deposing ceausescu . 
  the main theory was that they had an agreement to eliminate communism in eastern europe and ceausescu opposed , so they had him killed . 
  another theory was that ceausescu was drafting a law to make it illegal for romania to borrow from institutions like the imf or world bank , the cia did n't like that , so they had him killed . 
  in any case , there are many unanswered questions , and the fact that ceausescu was executed so quickly , without even being given a chance to a proper trial , continues to fuel these conspiracy theories . 
  the black ambulances ** this conspiracy theory originated in the early 1990s and keeps popping up from time to time , in different regions of the country . 
  the story was always that some ambulances ( usually black , with foreign license plates ) were driving around ( usually in the evenings or nights ) , trying to find children , in order to harvest their organs and sell them on the black market . 
  at first , the rumours were spread by word of mouth , then trolls started spreading them through email , yahoo messenger and later , facebook . 
  there were lots of dumb fucks who believed it , but shit got serious a few years ago , when a legit ambulance and its staff were attacked by some stupid gypsies who believed they were taking a kid to harvest his organs , when in fact they had been called in by the boy 's mother . 
   where people use horses as cars oh , you mean [ these guys ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31luajib7qa ) yeah , we still have them though . 
  http://www.amren.com/news/2015/05/sweden-rape-capital-of-the-west/ can you argue with the numbers ? 
  i find it humorous that swedes hate on romanians . 
  when you have the largest number of rapes per capita in europe and you will probably have sharia law within the next two or three decades , one would think you have bigger problems than gypsy beggars . 
  romania is like every other country , there are awesome , intelligent , interesting people , and there are really dumb , uneducated , dishonest people . 
  with romania , there is a combination of factors which simply made the dumb , dishonest , uneducated people much more visible than the rest . 
  7 % of romania 's gdp comes from it , there are also many romanians who work at basically every major technology company , google , microsoft , facebook , apple , you name it . 
  the boss of the imf 's mission to greece is also romanian . 
  heck , the most influential cell biologist ever , george palade , was also romanian . 
  just because there are some dumb fucks , does n't mean the whole country is like that . 
  have you thought about the fact that maybe you have a disproportionate number of gypsy beggars because your people are actually stupid enough to give them money ? 
  if people do n't give them fucking money they wo n't fucking beg anymore . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  you claim to be the most `` advanced '' society in europe , yet you ca n't figure out how to handle some illiterate beggars , how ridiculous is that ? 
  in any case , i would shut the fuck up if i were you , only a few years ago lots of ngos from sweden and even the swedish government were coming here , looking down on us , saying we must stop discriminating gypsies , give them opportunities . 
  if your people loved gypsies so much , why do you complain now ? 
  sorry man , most romanian truckers are uneducated hillbillies who drive around europe for 600-800 euros/month . 
  you ca n't have high expectations of them . 
  i actually know a trucker who was fired after he was caught on camera taking a shit , right next to a gas station , in england . 
  do n't ask me why he did it , i do n't understand the hillbilly mentality either . 
  i had no idea so many poles spoke russian . 
  putin might have some people to protect there ... 
   their passports are not valid for international travel either . 
  only to russia . 
  those passports are n't valid even in russia . 
  they are valid only in other unrecognized states nobody gives a shit about , like s. ossetia or abkhazia . 
   there 's talk that it was n't heart failure or whatever but something related with the mafia aka other politicians . 
  if that 's true , it is a problem , one that needs to be solved by bringing those responsible to justice .
