  not every shitty backstreet that gets some asphalt is done with eu funds you know ... 
  the exception that confirms the rule ... do you seriously think you can compare breivik with the thousands of european muslims who went to join isis only in the last few months ? 
  that 's actually daniel blessing the new hq of trinitas tv with a ~ ~ paint roller ~ ~ sanctification rod . 
  it happens in transnistria , those people are russian/ukrainian ( you can also tell by the fact that they speak russian ) . 
  i do n't think burkas are even allowed in schools , this is n't sweden . 
  that number is not exactly correct , because it includes romanians who have been abroad for more than 12 months as `` immigrants '' . 
  the number of actual foreigners coming to romania is much less , and most foreigners coming to romania are actually moldovans , so not all that foreign . 
   low life expectancy i agree life expectancy is lower in eastern european countries , at least in the case of men , but imho , around 75 years is the age i 'm not sure i want to live beyond . 
  when you reach that age , your body and mind usually start failing you , you slowly start turning into a vegetable and life becomes really shitty . 
  i 'm really not looking forward to life at an old age when i 'll need someone to help me take a dump . 
   eastern europeans bowed before ottomans . 
  i recon you did n't hear about vlad the impaler . 
  just bring in the big guns , this shit show would be over in hours and no one would be trying to illegally enter hungary anymore . 
   where 's the harm being done ? 
  the church is making loads of money and still has a strong influence over the state . 
  the church is the only reason we are at least a decade away from legalizing weed , prostitution and same sex marriage . 
  i 'm not being sarcastic , i really think these three things should be legal . 
  it 's good we at least have abortions though , but since basically everyone remembers the horrors of illegal abortions during the ceausescu era , the church does n't have the guts to challenge this one ( even though they 'd love to see it banned , as less abortions means more kids , which means more christenings , which means more ca $ h for the church ) . 
  yeah , school starts on september 15th here . 
   most of them do n't get reported especially in countries like greece , romania etc. 
  there are n't many refugees in romania yet , but i 'm pretty sure crime rates would rise when they will come . 
  just a few days ago , there was some news about an iranian who raped a 14 year old girl in petro\u0219ani . 
  they just pretend to be poor so they can take your money and you are stupid enough to give them money . 
  i would n't be surprised if you find a picture of the exact same gypsies standing next to the lamborghini , begging on the streets of some western country . 
  paint roller ? 
  that 's blasphemy !, 
  it 's a sanctification rod , i know for sure because the patriarch said so . 
  [ they are very poor indeed . 
  it 's funny though , with all the rapes , grenade attacks and people trying to impose sharia law in sweden , you still think gypsy beggars are your biggest problem . 
   as for the mass bless thing , i do believe it is more of a formality or a quirk of tradition . 
  if fanaticism was behind it , would they go about blessing science and research faculties , cat scans and rally cars ? 
  i think not . 
  it 's about money , they get paid , these guys bless night clubs and sex shops for the right money . 
  maybe he stole it from the cop . 
  girl ? 
  she looks like she 's at least 40 . 
  she might be 30 though , working in a romanian school takes its toll on your body ( and mind ) . 
   rumanians should feel shame in how other countries have to take care of their problems . 
  why should we feel ashamed , we did n't send our gypsy beggars to sweden , they went there on their own . 
  actually , the orthodox church and ceausescu got along quite well , the patriarch kissed ceausescu 's ass till his very last day . 
  and that priest in turn is nothing compared to [ this priest . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/agnor4hhv5o ), 
  in western/northern yurop . 
  do autohauses in germany sell stolen cars ? 
  because that 's where most romanians get their cars from . 
  i 've owned an '05 audi a4 for 3 years , currently own a 3 series bmw from 2011 , never had to sell any body parts to maintain them . 
  as i mentioned in another comment , if you drive decently and take care of your car , audis , bmw , mercedes are pretty reliable and do n't eat a lot of money . 
   the ones with their heads down are praying , though , on second thought i 'd say they were probably falling asleep or texting ... maybe even sexting , who knows , kids these days ... 
  my class had like 20 students , never heard of classes with more than 25 , so stop spreading shit . 
   a ** blonde ** danish teenager stereotypes much ? 
   what 's wrong with france ? 
  they speak french , is n't that enough ? 
  unfortunately , i doubt brown bears would attack more than 2-3 people , let alone an entire migrant horde . 
  means the stasi was shit , the romanian securitate had like 3 million collaborators . 
   got ta love when people comment `` but we also took central europeans during prague spring !!! 111 !, 
  ! 1 ! 111 we have to took syrians too ! '', 
  well , from now on you can show them this graph when they make that claim . 
  [ noobs , this is how gypsies do it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlvcntqm86o ), 
   thing with dacia 's is that they are cheap to maintain , the parts are cheap , i agree , but i owned a 2005 audi a4 for about 3 years ( from 2012 to about 2 months ago ) and except for the oil , filters , battery , tires , breaking pads and some other minor stuff , i do n't remember ever having to change anything major and never had a heart attack when seeing the service bill . 
  if you drive like an idiot , drive often on shitty roads or do n't take care of your car , then yes , maybe audis or bmws might be expensive to maintain , but otherwise i find them to be very reliable cars . 
  i currently drive a 320d from 2011 , which i bought for roughly the price of a new full-spec dacia logan . 
  needless to say , it is a much better car , with far better options and much more popular with the ladies . 
   dacias are very good cars actually . 
  if dacias are very good cars , i do n't want to know what a bad car is like . 
  my first car was an opel astra g 1.7 diesel from 1999 , it was way better than the 2013 dacia logan i had to drive for a couple of weeks . 
  also , why would anyone buy a dacia when you can get a used audi a4 or bmw 3 series from '07 - '08 for the same price ( even newer , if you consider the price of a full spec dacia , which is still shitty , but more expensive ) ? 
  ee politicians do n't prioritize their own people , they prioritize their pockets first and foremost . 
  a friend of mine already started obtaining the papers required for a gun license to prepare for the migrants . 
  also , from what i heard , the underworld is already thinking of ways to extort them of all their money when they come here . 
  quite the opposite , when i find myself in romania i do n't want to go back to western europe , but i have to , because work . 
  hopefully , in a few years i will have enough money ( and nerves ) to start a business in romania so i would be able to stay ( working in romania is not very appealing when you realize your income will be a third of what you would make in the west ) . 
  in romania you get like $ 120 . 
  nope , if it will happen , it will happen after thousands of migrants flood romania , and it will be built chaotically with no planning whatsoever . 
  romanian authorities have too much of a history of being caught of guard by everything ( floods , heavy snow , accidents , financial crisis etc. 
  ) , only a fool could trust them to think ahead of this and prepare . 
  just to give you an example of the scale of romanian authorities ' incompetence , in 2008 , our pm said the financial crisis was a great opportunity for romanians to invest in the us real estate market . 
  one year later , our gdp dropped like 7 % . 
  considering ponta is just as incompetent as tariceanu ( if not worse ) , i 'm pretty sure that if the migrants will decide to take a detour through romania they would n't have many problems . 
  pretty sure there are a few legitimate reasons for having some form of identification on you besides the possibility of being checked . 
  i would n't drive more than a couple of kms without taking my license with me for example . 
  maybe some parts of czech republic look like western europe , poland really looks like a facelift version of romania in my experience . 
  when romania will start looking like western europe , maybe we will stop being called ex-communist . 
  if you have your driver 's license you should be okay . 
  anyway , schengen or not , you should n't be travelling without any papers . 
   let 's destroy schengen and the eu in the name of some benefits-shopping muslims !, 
  this is absurd . 
  germany 's actions are a dream come true for ultranationalists and eurosceptics . 
  i do n't want the eu to break up , but i do n't like the way the migrant crisis is being handled either . 
  no one should be allowed to enter the eu illegally , let alone be allowed to stay here . 
  we must adopt the australian model asap or the eu will be history in a few years . 
  germany has been lucky that anti-german sentiments in the eu were mostly confined to greece . 
  if they keep u with this shit , however , i have a feeling it will extend way beyond greek borders . 
   rip but im glad he is gone his heyday was over anyway , at this point his only influence was over tv ratings , because romanians love scandals and angry rants . 
  [ and this is how he shall be remembered ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlynrumxgya ), 
   so has anyone here ever fired a gun ? 
  yes , on three occasions : - i fired my uncle 's hunting rifle when i was 16 . 
  - i fired a different uncle 's rubber bullet pistol when i was 18 ( it was basically like the real thing , except that it fired rubber bullets instead of lead ones ) . 
  - i fired a glock 17 at a shooting range in the us when i was 20 . 
   or saw someone using a firearm other than police or some other kind of authority ? 
  yes , but only for hunting or practice .
