  it 's one of the reasons so many romanians fail miserably at life . 
  that 's what i thought from the beginning as well . 
  the whole novorussiya bullshit was about destabilising ukraine , so that both ukraine and the west would focus there , allowing crimea to be integrated into russia relatively quietly . 
  the pro-russians in eastern ukraine have basically been screwed over by putin and they are so brainwashed they do n't even realize it ( or refuse to acknowledge it because it does n't fit in their distorted world view ) . 
  why the hell would anyone steal water ? 
  i mean i would understand if this was africa , where clean water is a luxury , but fucking london ? 
  the hell is wrong with france ? 
  in romania we have like one shootout per decade , there they have it like once every couple of months . 
  why not ? 
  you do n't have to travel business class and stay at a 5 star hotel . 
  pretty sure a 7 day vacation can be done with less than $ 1000 , maybe even less than $ 600 if you stay at a hostel . 
  how is the fact that he is far-right relevant ? 
  this idea could have come from a communist as well , it does n't have anything to do with the position on the political spectrum . 
  in romania , we have a drinking game called bol\u021b . 
  it involves numbers containing the digit 7 and also multiples of 7 . 
  it starts from 1 and goes clockwise , when 7 , a number that contains 7 or a multiple of 7 is reached ( e.g. 
  7 , 14 , 17 , 21 , 27 , 28 etc. ), 
  the person who is in line has to say `` bol\u021b '' instead of the number and the direction switches to counterclockwise ( and the switches again to clockwise when another important number is reached ) . 
  if a person says the wrong answer , takes more than a couple of seconds to respond or they say the number when it 's not their turn , they have to drink and start again from 1 . 
  to make the game even more difficult , sometimes it is played by saying the numbers in english or german . 
  good . 
  i 'm not a fan of eurovision and i 've quit watching it completely ever since that austrian transvestite won . 
  it 's clear we were n't gon na win anyway , since most of europe hates us , also , even if we did , the next year we would have had to spend a lot of money to host the damn thing . 
  so yeah , i hope we 're out for good , there 's better things to do with chf 16 million , like build a hospital or something . 
  no , half of poor people 's income spent on food . 
  of course rich people spend a negligible percentage of their income on their food . 
  well as the industry develops with time , i think prices will eventually go down . 
  russia was importing in the past because it was easier to just import what you need from abroad rather than invest in producing it locally , especially since the gas and oil businesses were quite profitable . 
  well if they gave up the vodka and cigarettes i 'm guessing they would be able to save more ... 
  well , romania and bulgaria are rather similar from an economic pov so i guess that 's why we get bundled together . 
  of course bulgaria is culturaly closer to macedonia and romania is closer to moldova , but neither macedonia , nor moldova are in the eu . 
  shit like this is what makes me torrent . 
  i 'd have no problem paying the $ 10 or whatever per month for netflix , but only if i 'd get their full library . 
  until then , filelist.ro has unlimited content and it 's completely free . 
  it 's a rather dumb question . 
  someone who is actively trying to kill others is an immediate threat that needs to be neutralized . 
  if the only way to neutralize him is to kill him , that 's fine . 
  if the killer surrenders/gets captured , it does n't matter if he completed his task or not , he is no longer an active threat . 
  wow , mcdonalds seems very popular in france , in romania their entire revenue was like $ 100 million or so and i think it 's still too much . 
  stop eating shitty food you guys !, 
  well apple has a closed ecosystem , google tracks the shit out of you and who the hell wants a windows phone ? 
  i would like to see the eu charge apple , because the app store has an absolute monopoly . 
  all iphone/ipad apps have to be approved by apple and the censorship is like that of north korea . 
  oh , for fuck 's sake , please take your crap to / r/conspiracy, 
  no , they 're just trying to profit . 
  when the eu lifted travel bans on transnistrian officials , they enjoyed it to the fullest , going on vacations in the eu . 
  there was always some protest at the chisinau airport , whenever some transnistrian official came back from a shopping spree in france or the netherlands . 
  meanwhile , the average transnistrian has never set foot in the eu and imagine it 's full of gays , transsexuals , fascists and reptilians . 
  the problem is that moldova is almost a failed state and their politicians are so dumb and corrupt that they constantly make concessions to transnistria while transnistria gives absolutely nothing in return . 
  he does n't show off , but he and his family ( his brother and daughter more specifically ) have been involved in many shady deals . 
  i 've always seen him as power hungry though , not money hungry , just like his predecessor , iliescu . 
  they did n't change the constitution , they tried to push an unconstitutional law in parliament and castrate the constitutional court through an emergency government ordinance . 
  of course it did n't work out for them , the constitutional court basically bitch slapped them . 
   vehicles with transnistrian license plates could officially be registered in moldova , enabling them to travel freely across international borders . 
   this declaration was made by moldovan pm pavel filip , after a meeting with the uk permanent under-secretary at the foreign and commonwealth office and head of the diplomatic service , simon mcdonald . 
   according to filip , this is one of moldova 's top priorities for this year , regarding the transnistrian problem . 
   furthermore , moldova is also planning to recognize transnistrian university diplomas , as well as interconnect its phone infrastructure with the transnistrian one . 
   `` for the current year , the priorities are the registration of transnistrian vehicles in moldova and allowing them to travel internationally , the recognition of diplomas and ensuring the interconnection of landline phones '' , the government representatives said . 
   when the referendum for his downfall ( which were 7.4 million votes against him ; the highest ever recorded in this country 's history ; compared with him being elected with just over 5.1 million votes ) was basically overturned - a coup d'etat - with the help from foreign embassies and foreign implications , and also thanks to his cronies that he handpicked for positions within the justice system . 
  now , as irony , he complains about the current affairs within the justice system which he , himself , helped to create . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  the romanian constitution requires a turnover of over 50 % to consider the vote for impeaching the president as valid . 
  the turnover was 46 % . 
  ponta and antonescu then attempted to castrate the constitutional court via an emergency government ordinance and changed the referendum law so that the president could be impeached by 50 % +1 of votes regardless of turnover . 
  it was ponta and antonescu who attempted a coup ( and failed ) , not basescu . 
  i do n't think it 's such a long way . 
  basescu might moldovan citizenship quite soon , you know because he 's popular in moldova and has powerful friends there ( although , admittedly , he has powerful enemies as well ) . 
  due to the political instability in moldova , it 's very likely the parliament will be dissolved this year , resulting in early elections . 
  i doubt basescu will get a definitive conviction before that . 
  he said he will not get involved in moldovan politics , but you know him , he 's always full of surprises . 
  also , between a parliament seat in moldova and a jail cell in romania , he would be extremely dumb to choose the latter ( which he 's not , the fuck is pretty sly ) . 
  i think he clearly understands that at this point his political career in romania is over , whether he likes it or not . 
  yeah , but what if gets elected as an mp there and gets immunity ? 
  good . 
  they do n't want to give up their retarded beliefs and adapt to european culture , fine , no citizenship for them . 
  it should be like this in every country . 
  either they treat women as equals , else they can go fuck themselves , simple as that . 
  here , in romania , during the 90s , if your parents bought you a bottle of coke after they got their wage , you were considered spoilt . 
   [ might be obsolete/a thing of the past ] `` shell games '' or ( in romanian ) `` alba-neagra '' ( the white - the black ) definitely not obsolete , there 's a relatively recent video of french police viciously beating some gypsies for `` alba-neagra '' . 
  we also have gypsy slums like that , for example the [ nato blocks in oradea ] ( http://youtu.be/rlhyt5km-7m ) . 
  which part ? 
  i think the community service part is good , before they would just acummulate thousands of euros in fines that were never paid , because the prostitutes had no official income . 
  now , if they do n't pay the fines they have to clean the streets , mown the grass etc. 
  even if they do n't pay taxes they still have to give something back to the community which i think is good . 
  there are veteran prostitutes with thousands of hours of community service . 
  ukraine is actually the second poorest country in europe , it 's poorer than kosovo even . 
  only moldova is poorer . 
  romania was much richer than ukraine before it joined the eu as well . 
  - romania was an independent country even before the dissolution of the ussr . 
  we only had to transition from a planned economy to a market economy , ukraine had to transition both to a market economy , as well as an independent state , so their version of the 90s was far worse than ours . 
  - romania is corrupt , for sure , but we never came close to ukraine in terms f corruption . 
  - the ukrainian economy is concentrated in the hands of a few powerful oligarchs . 
  this is also a problem in romania , but not as big as in ukraine . 
  - the same free trade agreement that ukraine signed last year , romania signed back in 1993 . 
  - last but not least , the donbass war has significantly affected ukraine 's economy . 
   when i look with google street view in some of their cities , i do n't really see a significant difference between their cities and romania 's . 
  the ways cities look does n't have much to do with the economy . 
  all cities in former commie europe are full of commie blocks . 
  the fact that romanian cities look like shit has more to do with the local authorities ' incompetence rather than money . 
  with a reasonable , affordable investment , romanian cities could be easily made to look as decent as polish or czech ones .
