  of course they were silent , they 're part of that shitty community as well . 
  i 'm from transylvania , not germoney . 
   if i understand it correctly , romania had no infrastructure ( or an incredibly shitty one ) and you guys had to build it from scratch , but since you built it late optic fibres were around and were relatively common nope , that 's very far from what actually happened . 
  what happened was that in the early 2000s , when the internet pretty much meant dial-up using romtelecom 's infrastructure , taxed by the hour and expensive as fuck , geeks started building neighborhood lans . 
  at first , they were solely for gaming and file sharing , but then they realised they could offer much cheaper internet than romtelecom and its partners , because they would only have to get one internet line which could be used by all the people served by the lan . 
  in the mid 2000s , rds started aggressively buying all these neighborhood lans which by the time covered pretty much every city in the country . 
  so for them , it was only a matter of connecting those neighborhood lans to their data centers which was way cheaper than building their infrastructure from scratch . 
  using this strategy , rds grew exponentially and competitors found themselves in a situation where they simply had to keep up with rds ( most of them failed miserably , including romtelecom ) . 
  rds has since updated most of that infrastructure , but it was easy for them because by the time they needed to upgrade the infrastructure they already made a shit-ton of money and fiber became available from chinese manufacturers on the cheap . 
  so , to sum it up , the reason romania has such fast internet is : 1 . 
  the lack of regulation which allowed really small companies to set up neighbourhood lans ( i doubt this would have been possible in most other countries where you would have needed to get a shit-ton of approvals ) 2 . 
  the fact that the government decided to drop romtelecom 's monopoly on communication infrastructure , which made it possible for a company like rds to exist in the first place . 
   there 's also our idiot government selling our state telecommunications company ( complete with the infrastructure ) to dt with a guarantee of a 5 year monopoly . 
  so , this is your problem right there . 
  drop telekom 's monopoly , deregulate and you 'll have affordable 1 gbps connections within a couple of years . 
  if you maintain telekom 's monopoly , they will simply have no incentive to upgrade it , as other isps ca n't install their own to compete , so people would still be forced to use telekom , wether directly or through another isp which has to use telekom 's infrastructure . 
  we have deutsche telekom in romania as well , [ but their speeds are a lot better ] ( https://www.telekom.ro/fix/net-1-gbps.html ) ( although i agree with your point that they 're a bunch of cunts ) . 
  i 'm not german , look at my flair closely ( or hover over it ) . 
  what the hell ? 
  heck , [ even moldova ( which is the poorest country in europe ) has better internet speeds ] ( http://www.moldtelecom.md/persons/internet/planuri_tarifare ) , what the hell is wrong with your isps ? 
  it 's not like croatia is a huge , sparsely populated country to make it expensive to run fiber ... 
  wtf is vdsl , we never had that in romania , we jumped from adsl straight to fiber . 
  you talk about 100 mbps like it 's something , here we have 300 mbps for $ 6 per month and 1 gbps for $ 10/month ( it used to be $ 12 , but they 've made it cheaper now ) . 
  also , you may have 100 mbps download , but what 's your upload speed ? 
  it 's not that cool when you have to wait 3 hours to upload a video on youtube . 
  adsl in 2016 ? 
  damn croatia , bring your internets up to date . 
  until you a realise in the end it 's probably going to be more like 80 instead of 80.000 actually getting deported . 
   if you carry a can of hairspray and the police are of the opinion that you 're carrying that hairspray for the purpose of using it as a weapon , you 've committed a crime . 
  * western europeans, 
  source ? 
  imf estimates 2.6 % growth in the czech republic for 2016 . 
  no , they 're doing this because renzi is scared of `` offending '' the primitive fucks with deep pockets . 
  they did the exact same thing in october when some sheikh from the emirates visited . 
  putin being full of shit ? 
  is this something new ? 
   its the new `` staatsschutzgesetz '' now they only need to bring back the schutzstaffel and they 've gone full circle . 
  the primary reason should be the only one that matters , there should be a clear distinction between legitimate refugees - those who would be in immediate mortal danger if they remained in their country ( i.e. 
  yazidis ) and those who think `` i want to have a better life . 
  oh , and maybe feel more secure ... '' . 
  while i do agree that living in poverty is quite sad , the eu is no paradise , we have limited resources and enough poor people of our own , no need to take in new ones . 
  - only accept those refugees who can prove they were immediate mortal danger in their home country . 
  only allow them to request asylum at embassies in third countries , so that they wo n't have any excuse for entering the eu illegally . 
  - once a refugee claim has been solved and the refugee deemed legitimate , bring them to europe , but monitor them for at least 2 years . 
  if they fail to integrate within that timeframe , deport them . 
  if they commit any serious crime , deport them and hold the people monitoring them responsible . 
  - rejected asylum seekers should not be allowed to enter the eu under any circumstances for at least 20 years . 
  - extremely tight border security , fences , walls , flir cameras , drones , a pan european coast guard , you name it !, 
  if it helps monitor/secure the border , use it !, 
  - military operations to arrest/kill the migrant smugglers in north africa . 
  in romania we have dozens of kids who drown every summer . 
  sad ? 
  yes . 
  shocking ? 
  not really . 
  however , we do n't have many cases of teenagers murdering social workers and i 'm definitely not looking forward to this shit coming to my country . 
  but as i 've said , even if he is a textbook opportunist , he ca n't afford to turn his back on the devil after he made a deal with it . 
  i 'm more than certain that russia could `` leak '' more than enough evidence to end dodon political career and send him to prison . 
  gandon is the most despicable , spineless and subservient politician i 've ever seen . 
  he is russia 's puppet , in fact i would n't be surprised if he was on the fsb 's payroll . 
  even if he is n't fsb , the fsb likely has enough shit on him that if he ever was to turn on russia , they could end his political career and put his ass behind bars for at least 10 years . 
  just yesterday , the guy had one of his lackeys pay a random dude $ 100 to say on tv that he was paid by usatyi to come to the protests ( the guy was swiftly captured by usatyi 's henchmen and admitted that he was indeed paid by dodons men to say he was paid by usatyi ) . 
  in a civilized country , that alone would result in prison . 
  so even if dodon softens his anti-eu tune , it will be because russia would let him do it . 
  edit : apparently , usatyi is now backpedaling and saying he is still bff with dodon . 
  what a fucked up country this is !, 
  the fuck ? 
  this is exactly why i have a copy of the constitution in my home , if police ever visited me to ask me to remove a facebook/twitter post , i would shove it in their faces and tell them they can go sodomize themselves . 
  yeah , of course it means between each other , otherwise , the person who is over 14 will be criminally responsible ( again , this is from a technical perspective , it does n't necessarily mean a prosecutor would charge a 14 year old for having sex with a 13 year old ) . 
  gold is 17 , you are reading it wrong . 
  cyan = 14 light blue = 15 dark blue = 16 gold = 17 green = 18, 
   a lot of the time those 14-15 year olds approach the adults not the other way around , just saying . 
  if a 14 year old made sexual advances towards me it would n't turn me on , but rather make me wonder what kind of lousy ass parents she might have . 
  a 14 year old might not realise it 's wrong to have sex with an adult ( or rather have sex , period ) , but an adult should know that unless they 're retarded or something . 
   plus ... a 25 year old dating a 15 year old is 1 ) not illegal and 2 ) seems creepy sure until you realize a 30 year old dating a 20 year old is not that weird . 
  by your logic , if it 's ok for a 30 year to have sex with a 20 year old , then it should also be ok for a 15 year old to have sex with a 5 year old , right ? 
  a 30 year old dating a 20 year old are two adults dating , a 25 year old dating a 15 year old is an adult dating a teenager , it 's a big difference . 
  the map is colored correctly , look again . 
  i was talking specifically when one of the partners is a minor . 
  john cleese 's wife is pretty close to her bloody menopause , so it does n't exactly apply in that case . 
  you are correct , pedophilia is n't a legal term , there 's no such thing as people being convicted of pedophilia - people are convicted of having sex with underage children , or possession/distribution of child pornography , not for being pedophiles . 
   if you are attracted to a well developed 14 year old ( the kind , that does not look like a child , but a woman ) although i partly agree with you ( i.e. 
  that someone perfectly normal might feel sexually attracted to a 14 year old because she looks older ) , age of consent is n't about how one looks , but rather how one thinks . 
  i was personally sexually abused when i was 11 by my 17 year old neighbour . 
  i did n't actually realise it at the time , i actually thought it was cool because she was hot , but it really fucked up my mental development and i still have some lingering effects from it . 
  i think 15 is the perfect age of consent , as long as there 's no significant age difference between partners , because it 's the age at which you can have sex without being fucked up for the rest of your life . 
   no significant difference in physical and mental developement that 's very vague , i 've seen 15 year olds who look like they 're 19 and 25 years olds who have the mentality of 15 year olds . 
  in romania , there 's no such thing as criminal responsibility if you are under 14 , so technically two 13 year olds can have sex without any consequences even though it 's illegal ( although in some cases , the parents might be held responsible , but that 's rare ) . 
  * pedo city, 
   i 'd make it 18 because current situation is heavily abused by old dudes ( when i say old i mean even up to 60 ) . 
  that could be easily solved by setting a maximum age difference in the case that one of the partners is a minor , like say 5 years , so that it would be legal for someone who is 21 to have sex with a someone who is 16 , but it would be illegal for someone who is 40 to do the same . 
  setting the age of consent at 18 is just unrealistic and would make criminals out of ordinary kids as most people i know lost their virginity when they were 15-16 . 
  this is weird , last year they said [ some russian guy was to going to buy all the mcdonald 's restaurants in romania ] ( http://www.economica.net/bomba-mcdonald-s-romania-se-vinde-rusilor-toate-restaurantele-vor-fi-francizate_98565.html ) . 
  maybe he changed his mind ? 
  anyway , i do n't think mcdonald 's will have a great future in romania , they were cool back in the 90s and 2000s , but now the fast food market has been conquered by turkish/middle eastern fast foods , the d\u00f6ner kebab and shawarma being much more popular than mcdonald 's burgers . 
  maia sandu wo n't be able to do jack shit if dodon and usatyi manage to win a majority . 
  it will be the funeral of the moldovan democracy , which has been constantly on life support since the country became independent . 
  the pro-russian parties were really close to getting a majority in the last elections , this time they will probably win a definitive majority , and they will likely immediately start back-pedalling on whatever minor advances were made to bring moldova closer to the eu . 
  moldova will probably never be able to have a future as an independent country , since there 's no such thing as a `` moldovan identity '' and the population is split in roughly half between pro-russians and pro-west . 
  yes , it is in everyone 's interest that plahotniuc goes , the problem is how exactly he 's gon na go down and who will fill the gap .
