  - fuck your mother 's dead relatives du-te-n pula mea !, 
  - go into my dick m\u0103 doare-n pul\u0103 !, 
  - i do n't give a fuck ( literally , `` it hurts me inside my dick '' ) s\u0103-\u021bi iau neamu ' \u00een pul\u0103 - may i take all your relatives on my dick all of these curses and many more are bound to be said even during the most mundane of disagreements . 
  if the argument becomes more serious , usually god and jesus get involved , so things like : futu-\u021bi dumnezeu ' ( dumnezeii ) m\u0103-tii !, 
  - fuck your mother 's god ( s ) fut\u0103-te dumnezeu ' - may god fuck you ( used mostly in transylvania ) fut\u0103-te dumnezeu ' cu cristosu ' scos - may god fuck you with his christ out ( also used in transylvania ) ** edit ** a bit off topic , but i noticed op is from croatia , which is funny , because pula is major city in croatia and it means dick in romanian . 
  there was even a contest a few years ago , only girls could participate , they had to write why they wanted to go to pula , and the prize was , obviously , a dream vacation in pula . 
  the ad for the contest was something like : `` why do women giggle when they hear about pula , a city croatia ? 
  do n't laugh ... because it 's hard !, 
  today , one lucky listener is going to win a vacation on the adriatic !, 
  write now to vacantapula-at-kissfm . ro and answer honestly : why do you want to go to pula ? 
  a city as beautiful as pula ... you wo n't find in croatia ! '', 
  inb4 american jokes about uncircumcised men . 
  i doubt it , moldova is way too poor and has too many problems + lots of pro-russians . 
  the difference in gdp per capita between moldova and romania is bigger than the difference between romania and the uk . 
  the uk 's gdp per capita is $ 39,511 italy 's gdp per capita is $ 35,486 romania 's gdp per capita is $ 19,712 moldova 's gdp per capita is $ 4,979, 
  now i know how the gate of hell looks like . 
  [ and i thought shit like that could only happen in romania ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zvnhskq.jpg ), 
  yeah , just to mention some of the similarities : - moldova had the same anthem as romania from 1991 to 1994 ( awaken , romanian !, 
  ) , the current anthem ( `` our language '' ) is about the romanian language . 
  - both countries share the same official national poet ( eminescu ) - stephen the great is considered a hero in both countries - people from both countries study the same literature and the history of romanians ( there is no subject named history of moldovans ) . 
  - any moldovan whose ancestors were natives before the second world war ( i.e. 
  not brought by stalin ) are eligible to apply for romanian citizenship without even having to go to romania , they can apply at the embassy or any consulate . 
  - the mayor of chisinau is a hardline romanian nationalist . 
  his uncle , also a hardline romanian nationalist , was the speaker of the moldovan parliament and interim president . 
  the list can go on . 
   1st : poles - do many job for cheap . 
  from a legal point of view , that 's perfectly legit . 
  also , gypsies have romanian papers too , but from an ethnic and cultural point of view , there are way more similarities between romanians and moldovans than between romanians and gypsies . 
   but moldovans are n't romanian , even if the border moved quite a lot . 
  they are , many wo n't admit it though , because they would feel it could undermine the statality of their young country . 
  if you exclude the russian influences in moldova and the american and western european influences in romania , the two people are basically identical from a cultural point of view . 
  in fact , if you look at rural people from moldova and rural people from eastern romania , there 's practically no difference whatsoever . 
  is it legit rap/hip-hop or the super commercialized pop-rap frankenstein like we have in romania ? 
  it looks like a bulgarian version of turbofolk . 
   wrong !, 
  knackers are like gypises and yes i 've never met a nice one and they 're thieving cunts indeed . 
  way different from normal irish people sounds a lot like romanian gypsies . 
  well , if poland can not into space , at least it can into western . 
   1,3 millions over a population of 55mil italians if you add up the moldovans , it 's probably more like 1.5 million . 
  i 've been to bulgaria , it pretty much looks like romania but with shittier roads . 
  most of their roads look like they were bombed by american jets or something . 
  other than that , in many places , if the signs were n't in cyrillic , you would think you 're still in romania . 
  romania and bulgaria were n't part of the soviet union . 
  amateur porn - i 'd take some no-name russian amateur porn actress over some well known american porn star who has had more cosmetic surgeries than sex partners any day !, 
  nice troll attempt , but yeah there are also products made from horse meat , just that there 's also pork , beef , chicken , lamb etc. 
  i do n't see any problem with horse meat , as long as it 's labeled correctly , it 's quite healthy , actually . 
  maybe the baltics are at some risk , especially because of the relatively large russian minorities . 
  poland and romania though ... why would they want to invade two large nato members where the population would be extremely hostile towards them , they can barely control the situation in eastern ukraine , with all the popular support they have there , polish and romanian civilians would probably try to kill russian soldiers in their sleep if they invaded . 
  he is studying medicine , probably because life is cheaper in romania ( even though tuition is pretty expensive for non-eu citizens , i believe he was paying like $ 7000 per year ) . 
  there are many muslims studying medicine in romania for some reason , even yasser arafat 's nephew studied medicine here in the 80s , now works for the ministry of health , he is well known for creating [ smurd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smurd ) and causing the collapse of the government back in 2012 , when the prime minister tried to fire him , thus generating mass protests . 
  that 's sad , i would have expected belarusian became more popular after the collapse of the soviet union , like lithuanian , latvian and estonian became more popular in the baltic states , ukrainian in ukraine , romanian in moldova etc. 
  question - do most belarusians speak belarusian or russian ? 
   you 'd be butthurt too though if you lived in hungarian transylvania . 
  back when transylvania was part of austria-hungary , romanians were only butthurt when their constitutional rights were not respected , hungarians are still butthurt even though they have hungarian schools , hungarian churches , hungarian mayor , proper representation in parliament and so on . 
  anyway it 's just a stereotype , pushed by retarded nationalists , most hungarians are too busy with life to give a fuck about how the country they live in is called . 
  i 've edited my comment , andra , connect-r , stefan banica jr. and alex velea ( even though he never admitted it ) are gypsies , yet they 're popular among middle and upper classes . 
  eli and j. yolo are both black , andra , connect-r , stefan banica jr. and possibly alex velea are all gypsies , yetall are popular among middle/upper classes , so it 's not about racism ... 
   or oriental-inspired roma music ( manele , also popular among the lower social strata in urban areas , as well as hipsters who listen to it because it 's not cool among their own social class ) . 
  you can link to that shit if you want to , i 'm not going to pollute my youtube search history , i do n't want to get suggestions for salam or guta . 
  i 'm not very passionate about commercial music , but in the last 5 years or so , i think the most popular genre is a kind of pop-rap ( former rappers , `` rapping '' in a somewhat pop style , sometimes with a female singer on the chorus ) here are some examples : [ eli - spune feat . 
  oana ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oqw6gvzn98 ) [ kapushon feat . 
  stela botan - romanul despre cluj ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t32n3_pyx2o ) ( the rapper and singer are actually moldovan , but this song was produced in romania ) [ j. yolo - te pup , pa , pa !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvpdgkd5la8 ) [ puya si don baxter - baga bani ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgbjb6ybne4 ) edit : even though they 're not exactly all that popular , there 's a rock band from moldova which combines rock with traditional romanian folk music . 
  i think they 're kinda cool , you might want to check it out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8_c2xsssmk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blmwmvlinx8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npjx8io1nxg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9uw0gpdho4, 
  officially , hungarians , unofficially , the gypsies . 
  with hungarians we do n't have many problems , except when they say they want autonomy , that really pisses us off . 
  the stereotype is that they 're constantly butthurt about trianon and wo n't shut the fuck up about it already , even though it 's been almost 100 years . 
  with gypsies it 's a totally different story , they are stereotyped as beggars , thieves , dishonest and uncivilized and resentment towards them has grown , especially in recent years , because the terms roma and romanian sound very similar , making some foreigners to confuse the two groups . 
  officially , there are around 600,000 gypsies in romania but unofficially there are probably around 2 million , since most declare themselves as romanians , hungarians or germans , depending on the majority group in their area . 
   but how come ... is that not rs ? 
  nope , it 's part of fbh . 
  can someone explain all these glasgow jokes ? 
  i actually know a muslim who eats pork . 
  he 's tunisian , came to romania 3 years ago , he once bought some salami , he could n't read the the label because it was in romanian , asked me if it contained pork ( he already ate like half of it ) , it did , i told him it did , he said `` oh well , fuck it ! '' . 
  i asked him if he was going to throw it away , he said no , and from that day on , there was always some pork in his fridge . 
  only they forgot to say most german muslims come from turkey , a secular state with no official religion . 
   well , i do know that 24 % of the romanian population can speak french , either fluently or casually . 
  i 'm not sure about that statistic , every school in romania teaches two foreign languages , the first usually being english and the second being either german or french . 
  in theory , at least 80 % of people under 30 should be able to speak english , but in reality , it 's more like 40 % . 
  i do n't know what `` casually '' means , but if it means they can speak it as good as my mom , it 's probably not very useful ( my mom studied french from second grade until 12th , she spoke it well back then , now she can barely mumble some simple phrases ) . 
   and besides , both french and romanian are easily understood by each other ( french and romanian share the same language family ) . 
  i never studied french , if i see something written in french , i can probably understand 50-60 % of the words , but if it 's spoken , less than 10 % . 
  i find italian much closer to romanian than french , which is kind of weird , since most italians i 've spoken to find romanian quite difficult ( it could be because romanian has a much more complex grammar than italian though ) . 
   there 's also a big romanian population in france . 
  yeah , that 's also true , but romanians who go to france rarely come back , except on vacation , unlike romanians who went to italy or spain , many of whom returned , likely because italy and spain are poorer than france . 
  not bulgarian , but romanian , also a member of la francophonie . 
  to be honest , i know way more people who can speak german and italian , rather than french . 
  maybe we have more german speakers here in transylvania , but at the end of the day , i doubt there are that many french speakers in romania , maybe only some older speakers . 
  english probably has more speakers here than french , german and italian combined . 
  since bulgaria is a slavic country , i suspect they have even fewer french speakers , most bulgarians i ever met could usually speak english , russian and sometimes german . 
  another member of la francophonie is moldova , i never encountered a moldovan who could speak french . 
  non-economist here :  seasonally adjusted gdp rose by 0.3 % in the euro area ( ea19 ) and by 0.4 % in the eu28 during the second quarter of 2015 , compared with the previous quarter 1 . 
  how is gdp adjusted seasonally ? 
  what 's the point of comparing q2 2015 with q1 2015 anyway ? 
  it just makes a lot more sense imho to just compare q2 2015 with q2 2014 . 
  again , not an economist , just asking . 
  romanian here - no one calls it monkey tail ( coad\u0103 de maimu\u021b\u0103 ) , that 's a mouthful and sounds retarded . 
  everyone i know calls it `` a rond '' ( round a ) . 
   you cant fight ideology , in this case religion . 
  then why does n't anyone still believe in the greek or roman gods anymore ?
