  random people on the internet pretending they care about the poor kid and weeping wo n't help in any way , it wo n't bring the kid back to life and wo n't help catch those responsible , if there are any . 
  all i did was offer an opinion . 
  people are being hypocritical , in fact , i can bet 90 % of those who offered their condolences here had to google the bulgarian president 's name . 
  the main problem i have with this thread is that you are asking people to give an emotional response to this event . 
  i 've lost family and friends too , but really did n't care if some random strangers would offer their condolences , what difference does it make , will it bring the poor kid back to life ? 
  pretty sure your president has more than enough family and close friend to weep with him , no need to ask random people on the internet . 
  well romanians do n't try to find excuses either , unless you bring it up ( which btw i find to be an excellent way of trolling ) . 
  such a conversation will probably go like : * so , mihai , you do believe in god , right ? 
  * * what kind of question is that , of course i believe in god , every good man believes in god !, 
  * * ok , so that means you also know the ten commandments , right ? 
  * * yeah , i guess ... * * ok , what 's the seventh commandment ? 
  * * uh , thou shall not ... have ... extramarital sex ... * * ok , but you did bang that hot waitress last night , how do you feel about that ? 
  * * yeah , i guess it was a sin , but ... but god loves sinners and he is all forgiving !, 
  * * yes , god is all forgiving , but only if you regret your sin and not repeat it , do you genuinely regret your sin and will you try to not do it again ? 
  * * ugh , umm , yeah ... uhm ... can we ... uhm ... talk about ... you know ... something else ? 
  * and then they return to their belief in god , going to church and fucking more hot girls . 
  the funny thing is that often prisoners are even more religious than the general population . 
  the promise not to steal/rape/murder again , yet when they get out of jail they usually go back to doing whatever it was that got them in prison in the first place , and this whole bs repeats itself over and over again . 
  let us be a little honest here and admit nobody really gives a fuck . 
  people die all the time , just look at syria , ukraine , whatever , if we were to offer `` collective condolences '' to each and everyone of them , we would n't have time to discuss anything else . 
  not trying to be an asshole here , but i doubt the death of some politician 's son will have any effect on even bulgarian politics , let alone european politics . 
  again , i 'm just trying to be honest here , not pretend that i care about something that i do n't . 
  there 's enough bullshit in this world already , no need to bullshit ourselves even more . 
  romania is very similar to poland from a religious point of view , even though we 're not catholics . 
  fortunately , our state has n't banned things like abortions , in-vitro fertilisation or stem cell research . 
  however , the orthodox church still has a lot of influence over the state , and most politicians oppose things like legalizing same sex marriage , prostitution or weed , citing `` christian morals '' , first and foremost . 
  if you look at the people , it 's a fun story . 
  there are of course some fanatics , not particularly well educated , that follow religion , well ... religiously . 
  the vast majority are hypocrites , they believe only in the stuff from the bible that does n't affect them . 
  you know , ask some random romanian guy if he believes in god , the resurrection , heaven , hell probably 90 % will say yes . 
  ask them what they think about things like premarital sex and that 's where the fun starts , you will have a hard time not laughing at all the excuses they come up with . 
  well , we lost a good chunk of our country to the ussr , we got bombed by the us , our women and girls got raped by russian soldiers , we ended up with the commies , so yeah , it was a pretty shitty war for us . 
  we got dragged into the war by the fucking russians , who annexed bessarabia , this basically forced us to make friends with hitler and try to get our territories back . 
  yes , we also killed some jews , but that was mainly because hitler told antonescu to do it and also as a revenge , since the jews in bessarabia cooperated with the russians and also raped/robbed/killed many romanians after the annexation . 
  ok , but you still use `` harbuz '' for watermelon , do n't you ? 
  he is still funny , mr. john bear . 
  the '' \u043d\u0435 \u0437\u043d\u0430\u044e '' guy is kinda funny , he does n't know anything . 
   get a rolex , it 's a few tens and sends the message . 
  what a wanker . 
  nope , it does n't . 
  people tend to hang around with people from the same social class . 
  a watch can cost from $ 5 , to a few hundred dollars , to a few thousand , to a few hundred thousand . 
  a small business owner might afford a rolex . 
  if you were filthy rich , you probably hang around other filthy rich people , so you likely do n't want to be mistaken for a small business owner . 
  all a watch does is that - it sends a message . 
  a watch is all but useless in an era of smartphones and smartwatches . 
  yes , to someone who is making $ 500 a month , a $ 20.000 and $ 600.000 watch might send the same message , but to someone who is making $ 500.000 a month it does n't . 
  i 've never heard a legit moldovan say `` bere '' , they use `` piv\u0103 '' ( from the russian \u043f\u0438\u0432\u043e ) instead . 
  yeah , except a lot of fucking forest has been cut down in the last 25 years . 
   also , what crime do you see being committed for you to call on the police to intervene ? 
  once , i was with a canadian friend in a park , he like playing guitar , so he started playing there , in the park , nobody was disturbed , some kids even gathered there to listen and they enjoyed it . 
  not 5 minutes later , some fucking cops came up to us and told us to fuck off if we do n't want to get fined for disturbing the public order . 
  these guys were n't just going in convoys , honking , the actually blocked the road , occupied the sidewalk with food tables , they put up a huge screen and the music was louder than at an official concert . 
  they also landed a helicopter in the fucking bus stop . 
  they did not just commit one crime , they committed multiple crimes , disturbing public order , blocking traffic , landing a helicopter without permission , parking violations , minors driving cars , drunk driving people and probably a few more . 
  believe me , if these guys were romanian they would have brought a swat team and arrested everyone present . 
  i do agree that minorities should not be discriminated , but i ca n't agree that some minorities should be above the law . 
  wtf ? 
  forest area increased in romania ? 
  that ca n't be true , the data is skewed . 
  britain , maybe , i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  but they will probably do it , if the us tells them to . 
  france - only if they do n't end up voting the national front into power . 
  germany - who knows , maybe not , but that should n't be a tragedy , because they usually end up fighting with the losing side . 
  the us is kind of our only hope , if they let us down , we 're basically fucked . 
  imho , there should be a strong military alliance between poland , romania , the czech republic , slovakia and the baltics , separate from nato , like a common army , since we all use our armies for defensive purposes only , we do n't have any former colonies to invade . 
  maybe we could include hungary and serbia too , if they just stop being so fucking pro-russian . 
   or maybe strelet is a shithead who 's cooperating with the russians . 
  `` dance with us , the shitty waltz is one step forward , two steps back . '', 
   for britain i 'll pick mordor . 
  we have lots in common : the first time i 've flown into london it really did feel like mordor . 
  european countries backstabbing each other , how unsurprising / s. 
  if a war with russia broke out , the baltics , poland and romania would be the suckers anyway , as these countries will be the most affected . 
   the solutions require logic and facts , not driven by emotions and ignorance . 
  yeah , the problem is that , in recent years at least , most eu countries are entirely governed by emotions and ignorance . 
  look at how immigration is being dealt with . 
  even free speech is being limited to make sure what we say does n't `` offend '' some group ( whether it is race , sexual orientation , gender identity or even things like religion or ideology ) . 
  politicians seem to be engaged in a race to the bottom to see who can be the most populist . 
  it was only natural that all these emotion driven policies would expand to financial issues . 
  if greece will be `` freed '' from the euro , there will be basically nothing to stop it from becoming another zimbabwe . 
   also , ia instead of ea , as in niagr\u0103 instead of neagr\u0103 . 
  it sounds like that because the n actually becomes palatalized before the e . if we 're talking only about the word `` ea '' ( as in `` her '' ) , i think it 's pronounced `` ia '' in pretty much all of the country , as eh-ah would sound really weird . 
  however , the banat dialect is n't as common nowadays , at least not in the cities , because of the oltenian invasion which started in the 60s/70s and has continued to this day . 
  i think the us , more than any other country . 
  as a kid , cartoons were n't translated at all , they were just plain english , with no subtitles . 
  that 's how i learnt to speak english with an american accent ( not perfect though ) . 
  probably 90 % of all the movies i 've ever seen were also american . 
  i never felt the need to actually read any subtitles . 
  the internet is also very us centric . 
  i have also visited and worked in the states . 
  other people in my country might not feel as connected to the us , but i still think it has influenced people a lot , especially young people . 
  that being said , i like the us , but i really hate us politics . 
  transylvanians have more of a hungarian accent than anything else . 
  in my experience , the roads in bulgaria were much worse than those in romania , but that might be because i live in an area where we have decent roads . 
  also , sofia felt rather weird , more like a provincial city in southern romania than comparable with bucharest or cities in transylvania . 
   moldova should become part of romania in the near future so we wont count her . 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  i 'm not trying to single them out or anything , but it does n't make it any less disgusting . 
  people are terrorized by these primitives , they drive around in atvs , even at night , 16-17 year old kids with no driving license dangerously driving around in supercars and they often disrupt traffic with their stupid weddings . 
  what angers me the most is that the police sits around , watching , like you can see in one of the pictures , but they do n't do shit .
