  to wrap it all up , leaving the eu would simply mean uncertainty for everyone . 
  uncertainty sucks , it sucks for the economy , it sucks for politics and it sucks for the average joe . 
  also , if some brits hope that leaving the eu is going to stop poles , romanians and bulgarians from coming to the uk , they might as well vote to stay , because that 's simply not going to happen under any reasonable scenario . 
  yeah , but that can only be done if greece drops the euro . 
  the eurozone does n't want that , because it would fuck the eurozone . 
  that 's why they have been pouring money in the bottomless pit which is greece . 
  not because they give a shit about the average greek , but because they do n't want the eurozone to collapse . 
  if greece would have not been allowed to join the eurozone , this crisis would have been just a cold breeze , similar to what romania experienced in 2009-2011 . 
  the hungarian foreign minister , peter szijjarto , warned that if migrants start changing their route through romania , they are ready to start building a fence immediately . 
  this declaration follows the announcement by the austrian interior ministry that it will forbid migrants from transiting austria , if their goal is to reach germany , instead of asking for asylum in austria . 
  slovenia took similar measures to avoid migrants becoming stuck on its territory . 
  this also follows the fact that on friday , 60 migrants ( all men ) were captured while trying to enter romania from serbia . 
  this was the first significant batch of migrants captured in romania since the start of the migrant crisis , which , imho , hints that the migrants might start changing their routes to go through romania . 
  all the migrants have been criminally charged with illegally entering romania and they will likely be deported back to serbia . 
   if i had the money , you 're norwegian , you probably do . 
  i find it interesting how almost always 1 pln is approximately 1 ron . 
  well , some western companies seem to really enjoy the corruption here , many have profited , just some examples : - omv ( austria ) bought half of the petrom group at much lower price than the market value . 
  this happened during the time when the notoriously corrupt adrian n\u0103stase , a.k.a bombonel ( candyboy ) was pm . 
  - bechtel ( us ) was contracted to build a 420 km motorway , also during the time of bombonel . 
  the highway was originally supposed to cost $ 2.8 billion and built by 2008 . 
  by 2007 , the cost inexplicably rose to $ 4.7 billion and deadline postponed to 2013 . 
  not a single km had been built in those 3 years . 
  the contract was finally partly canceled in 2013 , because bechtel had been so incompetent that they only managed to build 55 km of the 420 they were contracted , but not before they sucked more than $ 1 billion from the romanian state . 
  needless to say , it would probably be political suicide for any government that will even think about contracting bechtel for any major infrastructure project ever again . 
  - eads ( now airbus group ) , as well as microsoft and fujitsu-siemens computers were all involved in a corruption scandal for a $ 740 million contract . 
  the bribes totalled around $ 60 million . 
  it was dubbed `` the biggest corruption scandal in the eu '' . 
   everybody in romania loves her , or at least does n't mind her . 
  not really , voiculescu 's antene and ghi\u021b\u0103 's romania tv and their public really , really hate her . 
  why ? 
  he probably lives in bucharest , the server is also in bucharest , hence the low ping . 
  [ i live like 500 km away , so my ping is obviously a lot higher . 
  ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/5007787943.png ), 
  it was financed by the telecom companies themselves mostly , with little to no state intervention . 
  rds is setting the tone , while upc , deutsche telekom and others are doing whatever they can to keep up . 
  the ceo of vodafone romania got so pissed , that back in 2014 he made a press conference to rant about how there were too many players on the market and the prices were so low and how this wo n't last for long . 
  two years later and rds has now upgraded their infrastructure to support 10 gbps instead of 1 gbps and there are no signs that prices are going to go up anytime soon . 
  it 's the same in most romanian cities as well , all cabs have roughly the same fare price . 
  http://www.mae.ro/romanian-missions/3238#830 it 's called olanda only informally , in official documents it is referred to as `` regatul \u021a\u0103rilor de jos '' . 
  well , technically , an us citizen is also an american , because the us is on the american continent . 
   even worse is , that trump is coming . 
  if trump becomes the president of the us , that would surely be the downfal of the us . 
  the guy is a total clown , having someone who is both extremely ignorant and extremely cocky at the same time is a clear recipe for disaster . 
  what is the difference between an expat and an immigrant ? 
  i used to think expats are usually either : a. 
  people from one country , a , who work for a multinational company based in country a , that are temporarily or permanently sent to work for the same company but in country b. b. 
  people who have moved to country b , but still receive their main income from country a. i considered immigrants , on the other hand , to be people who simply move from country a to country b , to seek employment or start a business in country b. 
  however , i see people normally referring to people coming from a developed country `` expats '' , while people from less developed countries who move to other countries are considered `` immigrants '' , which is pretty discriminatory imho . 
   even their politicians used to say pre-eu joining that they did n't want us to be bundled with them in the process cause it 'll make them look bad what ? 
  bulgaria has been shittier than romania since like the mid 1990s . 
  at least we did n't have have to peg our currency to the german mark and later the euro . 
  cold , rich , expensive , oil , lax prisons , breivik . 
   later edit : the map is corect . 
   ... si cand ma gandesc ca toata viata mea am zis '' belarusia '' ... :-) it was called republica socialist\u0103 sovietic\u0103 bielorusia ( not belarusia ) until it became independent . 
   '' \u021a\u0103rile de jos '' is apparently the official name but nobody calls as such . 
  everybody here calls it `` olanda '' olanda = holland , \u021a\u0103rile de jos = netherlands . 
  holland is just a part of the netherlands , so it is incorrect to call it such . 
  ~ ~ netherlanders ~ ~ dutch are called neerlandezi officially , not olandezi . 
   we also do n't recognize kosovo as an independent state . 
  we do n't , but when we will , it will be called republica kosovo . 
   also slovenia is just slovenia that 's why op did n't add it i guess . 
  ups , forgot about slovenia . 
  he is talking about the fact that the russian government is turning the people 's attention away from the west and towards turkey as russia 's enemy # 1 . 
   i am surprised that romania 's government turned down such an `` income '' . 
  they did n't do it willingly , they were forced to by strong public backlash . 
  given the current context , the officials probably were n't worried that they would lose the next elections , they were likely worried that they would end up in prison in the future . 
   60 migrants were detained last night while illegally entering romania . 
  they were intercepted near comlo\u0219u mic , in timi\u0219 county . 
   mircea b\u0103cal\u0103 , the prefect of timi\u0219 county told digi24 that the migrants `` will be relocated to the timi\u0219oara migrant center where we will be wainting for the serbian authorities in order to deport them back to serbia . 
  we do n't have the intention to hold them in our centers in timi\u0219 county , however , as far as i know , they might be transported to arad county , at the refugee center . '', 
   `` from what i have been told , the border was closed , the number of police officers were tripled and everyone is on alert '' , mircea b\u0103cal\u0103 continued . 
   the 60 men followed the route greece - macedonia - serbia , their most likely goal being to reach germany . 
  one of the reasons the chose romania as a transit country might be the fact that hungary built a fence last year at the border with serbia . 
   the 60 migrants , all men , illegally entered romania , from serbia , on the night from friday to saturday . 
  they were intercepted on a field near the border . 
  their ages are between 20 and 40 . 
   roxana costache , the spokesperson for the timi\u0219 border police , said that the migrants were caught at about 1:45 am by officers appointed to the lunga sector , with the help of flir cameras . 
   several patrols intervened , the group being intercepted close to the border , near comlo\u0219u mic '' , the spokesperson said . 
   the migrants are from pakistan , afghanistan , irak , somalia and morocco . 
  they were taken to the police office in jimbolia for further investigation . 
  the tunisian citizen came to romania in early 2011 and submitted an asylum request . 
  the romanian authorities were suspicious with regards to the information and profile of the tunisian , so he was detained in a migrant center . 
  six months later , in the summer of 2011 , the romanian state decided ban tarek belgacem from entering romania for a period of 5 years and he was promptly deported , under escort , back to his home country of tunisia . 
  more importantly , all other european states through which he travelled , except france , have received information about belgacem from the romanian authorities . 
  afaik , they launched in pretty much every country on earth except north korea , syria , china and crimea . 
   because criminal justice ( and all state institutions in general ) treats people as individuals really , is this worth the stability of the country ? 
  individual justice works well when you have small , isolated cases . 
  if there 's a random guy sexually harassing a woman , it 's not a big deal , book him to jail , get him to trial , give him a sentence and be done with it - life goes on . 
  but when you suddenly have large groups of men sexually harassing women in the streets , then you have a big fucking problem , people become scared of walking in the streets and it goes beyond the competence of courts set up to deal with incidents in what used to be a relatively peaceful environment . 
  asking courts to deal with such a situation is like asking a bunch of cops with handguns to fight an invading army that fights with tanks and apcs , it 's simply not going to work . 
  extraordinary situations need extraordinary measures to be dealt with , plain and simple . 
   but deliberately unscrewing somebody 's wheelnuts does n't necessarily mean it 's attempted murder . 
  deliberately tampering with someone 's vehicle in a way that could potentially affect the safety of that vehicle should be considered attempted murder ( or murder , in case that person , and/or others die in an accident ) . 
  you can prank all you want , but if you 're going to put someone 's life in danger , that 's no longer a prank . 
  i 'd like to see you drive a stick shift car on a narrow , curvy road . 
  it should be really fun to watch . 
   sorry , but you 're missing the point . 
  no , i 'm not missing the point . 
  if you would try to get a driving license in romania , you would say it 's very difficult as well , because you would try to get it the legal , correct way . 
  the problem is that not every driver goes with the legal , correct way .
