  corbyn is calling it too . 
  i wonder if may is just going to hang on to power to spite everyone . 
  she 's already losing to labour in the polls by * six points * . 
  theresa may is literally burying the conservative party right now , i love it . 
  yes , he 's called lord buckethead and was running in maidenhead , the same constituency theresa may was running in . 
  he managed to get 249 votes with his * strong , not entirely stable * campaign . 
  and that 's only because he was diagnosed with terminal cancer . 
  we like to keep you on your toes , 
  lol , salmond 's gone . 
  turns out * england * is actually the lefty country , who ` da thunk it ? 
  fuck yeah , lord buckethead , what a lad !, 
  he 's a member of the monster raving loony party , do n't know his name . 
  scotland , you confuse me ... 
  i ate a bowl of nails for breakfast this morning ... without any milk, 
  no numbers yet but it 's predicted to be a lot higher than 2015 , mainly from young voters . 
   well it 's like he can do any damage outside of the uk . 
  i 'm going to presume this is a typo and you meant to say it 's * not * like he can do any damage outside the uk , in which case you 'd be unbelievably wrong considering he 's secretary of state for * foreign and commonwealth affairs * , his whole job is to deal with things outside the uk . 
   you voted for him , you can keep him nobody voted for boris , he was appointed to his position by theresa may . 
  this is one of the dumbest things i 've ever read . 
  he 's a twat . 
  it 's both hilarious and depressing that the tories are becoming more right-wing than even ukip . 
  i can at least find * a few * logical ukip policies . 
  pls no, 
  i do n't think anyone advertised brexit to be good for the economy during the negotiations . 
  we have n't even decided on a deal yet lol . 
  it really is n't surprising though , is it ? 
  investors do n't like uncertainty , brexit is uncertainty . 
  where 's the surprise ? 
   how can we make this thread about the uk ? 
  seriously , you 're trying to turn good news for greece into bad news for britain ... 
  [ may is also more disliked than liked for the first time so far . 
   they 're not there to `` stick with you '' , it just makes sense from a business perspective . 
  it 's not like they are renouncing doing business elsewhere either . 
  how does it make sense from a business perspective ? 
  the only benefit i could possibly think of is abuse of the low gbp to usd exchange rates , but that 's based on the assumptions that it 'll rise back up in any reasonable amount of time . 
  virtually everything else is a negative for google . 
   u/ctudor simply pointed out the emotion in your original comment was unwarranted . 
  google is not there for solidarity 's sake . 
  you sound like a fuckin ' robot , lad . 
  well , no shit . 
  this is n't america . 
   not sure it matters in what way does it not matter ? 
  it 'll bring in a lot of money for the uk and google showing confidence in the uk economy will undoubtedly influence more companies to stay in the country . 
  fuckin ' let us have some good news every once in a while , eh ? 
  man , you got ta love google . 
   in a speech in google 's london office last november , chief executive sundar pichai said : `` here in the uk , it 's clear to me that computer science has a great future with the talent , educational institutions , and passion for innovation we see all around us . 
  we are committed to the uk and excited to continue our investment in our new king 's cross campus . '' sticking with us when everyone else left , top lads they are . 
  fuckin ' loving the memes coming out of this election , they 're stellar . 
  yeah , people on this sub seem to really underestimate how valuable turkey are as an ally . 
  we 'd have gotten rid of them fucking ages ago otherwise . 
  * especially * if trump endorses her, 
  so the imf says the uk would be the fastest growing g7 economy and it 's * the brits * telling themselves they 'd do better than anyone else ? 
  you realize the imf is n't british , right ? 
  are you telling us * we should n't listen to the experts * ? 
  grow up . 
   yet the brits tell themselves they 're doing better than anyone else . 
  i 've literally never heard this . 
  you 're fucking delusional . 
  of course the uk puts its own interests firsts , any country that does n't put its own interests first is bound to fail . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to prove to be honest , the uk almost always follows through on its alliances . 
  your points seem to be based on an unfounded dislike towards the uk as nearly everything you 've said can be applied to multitudes of other countries . 
  come on man , you 're making the rest of us look like idiots . 
  some of us still want functional relationships with the rest of europe . 
  you 're speaking with your heart rather than your brain , friend . 
  you need to understand that you 're asking the uk to kick off ww3 against arguably the strongest country on the planet when it could barely keep its colonies together . 
  we would 've lost and the ussr would 've only gotten bigger . 
  no logical leader sends its armies into a battle it knows it ca n't win . 
  [ churchill wanted to take back eastern europe from the ussr straight after the end of ww2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable ) , but it was seen as too risky and we simply did not have the troops to make it possible . 
  we started the largest war in history to defend poland , and it led to the collapse of our empire , it 's frankly insulting to claim the uk did not try to defend europe in its past . 
  man , we were hella thicc back then . 
  fucking hell this is incredible . 
  she was literally 20 points ahead a few weeks ago . 
  i do n't like to get myself hyped up for these things , but if comrade corbyn somehow manages to pull this back i 'm going to be fucking astounded . 
  this election has been a lot better than i was expecting , the memes have been world class . 
   how many news paper at the slight chance would make a article when ever someone from the eu bashes the uk there are also plenty of uk newspaper that are the complete opposite , though . 
  the guardian , the independent , the observer etc. 
  sure , the daily mail and the sun do take every chance to attack the eu , but they barely even qualify as a newspaper lol . 
  people on this sub seem to take the dm as if it 's a respected piece of journalism over here when it really is n't . 
  you literally just proved his point . 
  nothing you just said was true . 
  as per usual , you can stop 100 attacks , but one slips through the cracks and we need to do more . 
  what * should * we do , might i ask ? 
  shall we give the government * more control * to stop these things at the expense of our freedom ? 
  our police already have an immense amount of power , much more than most european countries and if history is anything to go by , that would be a terrible idea . 
  the simple fact of the matter is we can not stop every attack , no matter how much we try . 
  you 're foolish if you think you can stop some lunatic making a homemade bomb and detonating it in a public area every time . 
  would you prefer if every able bodied adult in manchester took up arms and traveled to syria to join the fight ? 
  i seriously do n't understand you people , these attacks are meant to * terrorise * people , showing you are n't afraid of them and their fucked up antics is much more powerful than you seem to realise . 
   how about - better screening and tougher immigration laws as a start ? 
  i 'm fairly certain one of the biggest reasons for brexit is because people want tougher immigration laws , lol . 
   what about pre-emptive raids since these guys are all known to the police ? 
  we 've already stopped half a dozen attacks within the past few weeks from pre-emptive raids . 
  if you were paying any fucking attention you would know these things . 
  we also have r/britishproblems , where instead of whining about politics , we whine about life in general !, 
  it is a fun sub though , miles better than most of our other subs . 
  this is my favourite city in the uk , it 's incredible how sunny it is compared to the rest of the country  / s, 
   sure , all sorts of places at a stone 's throw from the uk . 
  i imagine it 's gon na be real cheap to ship some butter from the other side of the world . 
  i agree that he did n't give the best examples , but you 're seriously underestimating how cheap transporting things over sea has become in the past few decades . 
  lol , nobody forced germany to take in as many refugees as they did , that 's their doing .
