  maybe it 's because i 'm tired , but i 'm really failing to understand the overall point being made here ... 
  you mean the link i was already given twice before ? 
  maybe he should stop linking irrelevant shit ? 
  i have n't read your second link , but the first one says exactly what i said ? 
  70 % of the fishing in uk waters is done by other member states ... 
  you literally did n't say a single thing of any relevance , how ironic . 
  goodbye . 
  could i have a source for the eu forcing the uk to do this ? 
  70 % of the fishing in our waters was done by eu fishermen . 
  this is hardly the fault of british fishermen . 
  can you please just apply some common sense for a second , it 'd make this all a lot simple . 
  i 'd rather not spend all day explaining this as i 've got a life to live , but , in extremely simplified terms : once we leave the eu we 'll also leave the cfp . 
  the london fisheries convention ( what we 're leaving here ) is what later led to the creation of the cfp . 
  esentially , we 're leaving one , so it 's only logical we leave the other while we 're at it . 
  if you 'd stop spouting ignorant rhetoric , you 'd see that it 's actually quite sane , especially when you consider that 70 % of the sealife being fished in uk waters is done by the eu . 
  well , duh ? 
  it would be a bit illogical to leave the eu without leaving this agreement , considering how much of a big deal fishing was made out to be during the referendum . 
  we as in who , though ? 
  europeans ? 
  the eu ? 
  who am i kidding , that 's irrelevant ; neither is true anyway . 
  what the fuck, 
  what in the literal fuck are you talking about lmao . 
  he 's just a bit of a twat , really . 
  you 're ridiculous , i refuse to believe you are n't a troll . 
  fuck ` outta here with your bs . 
   it 's no suprise that all former colonies hate britain . 
  virtually every single former colony of ours likes us , the commonwealth would n't exist if they did n't . 
  the fact that there are people here somehow trying to be angry at the uk over this ... fucking hell . 
  some people just always have to find a way to blame us lmao . 
  [ heres the source ] ( https://www.europol.europa.eu/activities-services/main-reports/eu-terrorism-situation-and-trend-report-te-sat-2017 )  in 2016 a total of 142 failed , foiled and completed attacks were reported by eight member states . 
  not committed , * attempted * . 
  this includes all failed/foiled attacks as well . 
  hitler believed in a hierarchy of races , with aryans being the master race . 
  he did n't * just * hate jews , they were simply the ones he hated the most and believed to be the worst race . 
  hitler fucking despised slavs , maybe * you * should be the one opening a book , plenty of poles were murdered simply for being polish . 
   british people are sneaky trash and the ones going to mallorca are the trashiest . 
  mate , literally everyone going to mallorca is trashy , where they came from is irrelevant . 
  i 'm so excited , it looks like we 're finally getting on the skyscraper train !, 
  bloody took us long enough !, 
  part of me likes these click bait articles , because it really catches out the retards here forming strong opinions based off of a title . 
  hook , line , and sinker . 
  the absolute madman !, 
  he * read * the article , complete insanity !, 
  that 's exactly what we do already . 
  turkey is host to almost 3 * million * refugees already , a heck of a lot more than the entirety of the eu combined . 
  your * attempt * at banter is bad . 
  come on , do i need to spell out everything for you ? 
  if your only knowledge of banter is from a dictionary , no wonder it is so generic and bland . 
  your banter is bad and you should feel bad . 
  almost # 300,000 has been raised for the victims . 
  people drove hours to donate clothes , food & drinks to the victims and help out , but yeah , * they totally do n't care about the victims * . 
  seriously , dude ? 
  of course people are angry at the government , but they are n't mutually exclusive . 
  you 've no idea what banter is , lad . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the outpouring of support for the victims the day after the fire was unprecedented . 
  have you been paying * any * attention whatsoever ? 
  his personal views should be irrelevant to the jokes he 's making . 
   i just thought it 's wrong to say that britain is treated like an enemy on this sub just one comment on this thread :  oh we still need to care bout a country at our borders whit growing hate against us . 
  with a propaganda apparat like brits have . 
  they work hard on manipulating public opinions to retarted levels . 
  ** dont forget they have nukes and they hack the world with gchq . 
  sounds bad and i wish this would not be a thing we have to think about , but it is how it is . 
  ** how the shit does n't that sound like we 're being treated like an enemy ? 
  yes , i notice there are brits who are toxic towards the eu , the fundamental difference though , is that those comments get downvoted to oblivion , while the opposites do not . 
  of course we would , but it 'd be political suicide and politicians love putting their careers before their countries . 
  by press , i presume you mean ` tabloids ' ? 
  unless you 're including the guardian , the bbc , the economist etc ? 
  lots of countries have low-quality tabloids spouting nonsense , you 're only noticing ours because they print their copies in english . 
  thank you , it 's nice to have some sanity around here . 
  people on this sub are treating the uk like an enemy and it 's pathetic . 
  most eu nations have disdained the eu at one point or another . 
  lol , in what way would a russian alliance benefit the us ? 
  man , imagine going from being more popular than blair and thatcher during their prime to * this * in the space of a couple months . 
  she must feel like shit lol . 
  that 's simply untrue . 
  most polls suggest brexit support is higher than ever , with most remainers just wanting to get on with it at this point rather than still try and remain . 
  may has n't sent us into any daft wars * yet *, 
  holy shit its going pink what the fuck iberia, 
   on your first point . 
  the scottish deficit is 6 % , not 9 % [ he 's right , scotland is expected to have a 9 % deficit this year . 
  ] ( https://www.ifs.org.uk/publications/8218 ), 
  what stood out about london that made it your favourite ? 
  but ... but the cape to cairo railway !, 
  there ai n't nothing cooler than a railway all the way through africa . 
  i did feel sorry for her , until she refused to resign . 
  this is what she wants . 
  as much as i hate may , i hate cameron more , the cunt . 
  fuck outta here . 
  wtf man , this is reddit . 
  you are n't supposed to * read the article * , just comment on the headline !, 
  that applies to most everyone in london , though . 
  london 's a mess . 
  your use of the word ` we ' disturbs me . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  theresa has lost all momentum , she had 2 reasons to vote for her : stability and * corbyn being a terrorist * , she 's gone and lost both of them now . 
  corbyn 's lead is only going to grow in the coming weeks . 
  [ survation did one yesterday , after news of the tories joining up with the dup , surprise surprise , people hate the decision . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/873674408224862210 ),
