  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ), 
  depends on your definition of average , i generally do n't consider the 5th largest economy in the world average , a bit above that , but maybe you 're different . 
  i 'll ready the ships of the line . 
  let 's not pretend the eu has n't been throwing their fair share of threats towards the uk as well . 
  its basically a shit flinging contest at this point . 
  give it up lad , your making a fool out of the rest of us who actually still want functioning relationships with the rest of europe . 
  a mutually beneficial deal for both the uk + eu is completely possible , it 's just that the whole thing is too complex and diverse to take it all into consideration . 
  the eu benefits from a strong uk , just as the uk benefits from a strong eu , neither side should be wanting the other to be crushed . 
  that sub sure can be a depressing shit hole at time . 
   eu citizens in uk could face ` deliberate hostility ' policy after brexit * could * a.k.a ** wo n't ** . 
  its honestly insane , europe has been some of the strongest allies to the us for decades and literally within 2 months of winning the election , hes already risking everything for his good pal putin . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  france does too . 
  * waves flag *, 
  because this is r/europe , and the uk is in europe . 
  it really is n't rocket science . 
  does iceland have an * iceland * ? 
  that 's the real question . . 
  take a wild guess . 
  i assume its a mix between ` respect ' and ` brexit ' . 
  china is n't a developed economy , of course its gdp is less than that of the us . 
  by the time it 's fully developed it 'll be much larger than the us in terms of gdp . 
  china is already predicted to overtake the us in less than a decade . 
  well , he is n't wrong . 
  the uk is predicted to be the second largest country in europe by 2100 , only behind russia . 
  granted , predictions that far away are pretty irrelevant and we 're trying to tighten our immigration laws with brexit , so it could all change . 
  do n't forget the track suits . 
  teen mums are n't really a culture , it 's the chav culture we have . 
  teen mums are just a consequence of that . 
  until we can find a way to stop tim from knobbin ' paula down the road while bladdered and barkin ' at the local elderly i doubt things are going to improve . 
  they 're essentially gypsies on steroids . 
  the guardian is the best advertisement for split personality disorder awareness . 
   these `` unlivable wages '' are several times higher than the averages in eastern europe . 
  it 's a win-win situation which you fail to understand . 
  and you fail to understand that the cost of living is also * a lot higher * in the uk than it is in eastern europe . 
  a livable wage in ee is surprisingly not the same as a livable wage in the uk . 
  i should not have to explain this to you . 
   truly living up to your heritage and culture . 
  / s i do not represent my heritage or culture . 
  i can call you an asshole all i want and i expect you not to treat any of my countrymen any differently because of my actions . 
  because ** i am not my country . 
  china and india are both over 4x larger than the us by population . 
  it 's only natural they overtake the us in terms of gdp . 
  i 'm not saying the us will fall off into irrelevancy , but it is n't going to be an uncontested leader like it is now . 
   the other way is to say that these jobs have always been low paying and that the only ones willing to take them were immigrants . 
  and why do you deem that acceptable ? 
  the fact that you think these jobs should be allowed to exist * because immigrants will take them * is both insulting and ignorant . 
   guess what ? 
  the jobs are leaving . 
  good riddance , then . 
  i wo n't support jobs that do n't respect their staff enough as to give them livable wages . 
  maybe you support that and are perfectly happy to see your citizens work full-time jobs and barely be afford a meal on their table , but i respect my fellow countrymen and do n't treat them like cattle . 
  asshole . 
  it 's already a superpower though . 
  it 's already predicted to have a higher gdp than the us within 2 decades . 
  china and india are the future . 
  the us is going to have a lot of difficulties remaining # 1 for long , it is competing with countries that are more nearly 4 times larger than it . 
   there 's little to say about that other than good luck trying to fill all of those jobs that you do n't want . 
  you mean the jobs that have low paychecks * because * they 're all getting filled up with immigrants willing to work for low pay ? 
  they 'll do what any literally every other job will do , increase their paychecks and improve their services or leave . 
  i 've never seen a brit call the eu fascist . 
  not even nigel fucking farage , what in the shit are you talking about ? 
  and it was germany who annexed it . 
  lmao what a stupid fucking point . 
   before you all started talking posh to impress each other . 
  yorkshire says hello . 
   lets group these countries and territories together and call them british because ... what ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  they 're near each other and that one 's the biggest one !, 
  pretty much . 
  that 's literally how these things get named , what were you expecting ? 
  do you seriously have a problem with it solely because it includes the word `` british '' ? 
  cause that 's some pretty petty shit mate . 
  no one is using the word to offend you , they 're using it because they want to describe the fucking region lmao . 
   it 's a completely useless geographical term because it 's inaccurate and inherently political . 
  how ? 
   the holy roman empire was once a useful geographical term i 'm sure we both know that was a completely stupid thing to say . 
   that 's accurate though is n't it ? 
  how ? 
  op used ireland in reference to the roi , * not * ireland as a whole . 
   roi is n't claiming any of ni . 
  the island is called ireland . 
  the two states are republic of ireland and northern ireland . 
  seems fairly intuitive , the northern part of the island of ireland that 's a separate state is called northern ireland . 
  it 's an accurate term politically and geographically so i do n't see how this helps your point . 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but i honest to god have no idea what you 're even trying to say here . 
   ever thought how the people belonging to the island for 1000 's of years would like to name their part ? 
  or is just using the colonial british term given to us is good enough and we should be happy to accept it . 
  you 've completely missed my point . 
  it 's called the british isles after the largest island , great britain . 
  it 's got nothing to do with the uk whatsoever . 
  even if the uk split up tomorrow , the peoples of england , scotland , and wales would still be british , because that 's the fucking name of the island . 
  it sounds like you 're assuming british to mean the uk , * which is completely wrong in this context * . 
  are you aware of how geographical names come to be ? 
  do you hear pakistanis complain about the * geographical * name for the indian sub-continent ? 
  do you hear canadians complain about `` america '' being called `` america '' ? 
  do you hear sri lankans complain about being located in the indian ocean ? 
  are you spotting a trend here ? 
  * geographical locations * are often named after the largest or most noteworthy part of a region . 
  it has nothing at all to do with * trying to claim dominance * as you seem to believe .
