   ever thought how the people belonging to the island for 1000 's of years would like to name their part ? 
  you got to name your country , you are n't allowed to name your region , that 's decided by others . 
  the same rules apply to literally every other country on earth . 
  fun fact , no one in the uk actually wants the roi , well , minus the few oddballs but we all have 'em . 
  it 's surprising , i know . 
  we do n't actually all spend our days obsessing over how we can fuck over the irish , as you might suggest . 
  that 's time we could be spending obsessing over how we could fuck over the french , and you know the saying : time not spent fucking over the french is time wasted . 
  this whole debate is about as useful as claiming using * ireland * , as you do might i add , in relation to the roi is trying to include northern ireland . 
  it just fucking is n't . 
  ireland is a geographical term . 
  the people of ireland are irish . 
  the british isles are named after the largest island , great britain . 
  the people of great britain are called britons . 
  seriously , if scotland and wales left the uk , * they 'd still be british * , because there 's a fucking difference between political and geographical names . 
  this is just pathetic , really . 
  the fact that the president of the united states and the fucking pope spoke about it is enough to make it international news . 
  the government has the right to protect its citizens . 
  just because a baby is too young to think for itself that does not mean the government should n't put its best interests at heart . 
  12 months seems like an awfully long time for such a silly thing . 
  because they have n't had significant investment until now . 
  how is that legal lmao, 
  no , worse . 
  * politics * . 
  please , come to r/casualuk , it 's a wonderful place and really the only uk sub where you can have a nice conversation . 
  we welcome you with open arms , * as long as you do n't say the p word while you 're there !, 
  at least we 're paying members . 
  we like to keep you on your toes . 
  how is this newsworthy lmao, 
  he 's practically jesus to r/unitedkingdom . 
  because it gets paid off by the government and you only have to pay back a minuscule amount once you 're already earning a decent amount of money ? 
  seriously , this hardly means people are struggling with debts for the rest of their lives . 
  we like to complain , it 's a national pastime . 
  labour supports this bill , hence the issues . 
  people think of corbyn as some protector of freedom when in reality he 's just as bad as may , the only difference is he 's left wing . 
   facts do n't care if you believe them . 
  ironic . 
   erm , that 's pretty much the definition of taking everything away for the rich ? 
  no , it * really fucking is n't * . 
  please do n't tell me i need to explain what a dictatorship is to you . 
   democracy has always been the enemy to the right . 
  democracy is no more an enemy to the right than it is to the left , aka not in the fucking slightest . 
  you 're ridiculously ignorant to any political stance opposing your own and it 's showing . 
  [ they should n't have signed the international agreement stating they would , then . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) no one put a gun to their head and forced them to sign . 
  i 'm not sure what that has to do with dictatorships , though ? 
  nearly every single right wing government * has not * turned their respective countries into dictatorships , it 's honestly pretty fucking stupid to claim otherwise . 
   funny how right-wing governments always , sooner or later , descend into dictatorship . 
  that 's not even remotely true . 
  you 're hardly making a great argument yourself , mr. 
   i would call that worth it . 
   i 'm not saying it 's a good deal, 
  you 're delusional if you think the prices for american health care are a good deal . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever understand why he does that . 
  what the fuck is he thinking ?!, 
  are you stupid ? 
  the soviets and germans split you up , they did n't give the slightest shit about you ... 
  hey though , with all these banks and russian oligarchs leaving thanks to brexit , house prices might finally drop to semi-decent prices again . 
  london might finally become livable again lol . 
  not to be rude but they 've been saying the talks could fail after literally everything so far . 
  if we do n't bend over and accept every single demand they make , we 're threatened with the possibility of talks failing , it 's already happened like 20 times lmao . 
  they did a suicide bombing in bulgaria a couple years back . 
   part and parcel of living in a great global city is you 've got to be prepared for these things , you 've got to be vigilant , you 've got to support the police doing an incredibly hard job . 
  we must never accept terrorists being successful , we must never accept that terrorists can destroy our life or destroy the way we lead our lives . 
  how * evil * of him , supporting the police ? 
  dreadful !, 
  opposing terrorists ? 
  seriously , what part of his statement was wrong ? 
  if you 'd stop taking snip bits and misrepresenting his words it 'd all make a lot more sense . 
  shhhhhh , do n't let them find out about it , they 'll just come over and ruin that sub as well . 
  that 's exactly what they 've gone and done to / r/ukpolitics . 
  [ keep it secret , keep it safe . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yhpaukggq4 ), 
  it 's only racist when it 's said by someone you dislike / s, 
  fucking duh , that was never the point of it . 
  he 's a very handsome fellow . 
   also , at the town of pigoletti , he captured the town by throwing so many bombs that the italians holding pigoletti thought they were being attacked by half the british army . 
  murica # 1 world champs best in the biz, 
  honestly thought ireland said -79 for a second there lmao . 
  this truly is the dankest timeline . 
  uhhhhh ... alright then . 
  it 's somewhat comforting to know that it is n't * just us * struggling to stay together as a country currently . 
  i 'm really ignorant towards the whole catalonia thing , but is it similar in likelihood to scotland 's independence ? 
  is there a good chance it could happen ? 
  i 'll be honest , this whole thing seems to have come out of nowhere , but again , that 's probably just because i have n't been paying enough attention . 
   ms may said : `` the review into the funding of islamist extremism has improved the government 's understanding of the nature , scale and sources of funding for islamist extremism in the uk . 
   `` ministers are considering advice on what is able to be published and will report to parliament with an update in due course . '' i hate theresa may as much as anybody , but this is just blatant independent clickbait . 
  you do realise that by taking your encounters with a few british people and applying it to an entire country of 60 + million , you 're being just as xenophobic as the people you claim to be against ? 
  a very small margin of people dislike spain . 
  in fact the vast majority of british people love it , hence why spain is filled to the brim with british tourists year after year . 
  also , stop being so insensitive as to be insulted by me calling you a cunt . 
  you 're * not * a cunt , but you 're * being * a cunt as of this moment , there 's a big difference , tone down your victim complex for a bit , eh ? 
   official uk appreciation thread could n't even go one thread without being a cunt ... for fuck sake guys . 
  he 's also clearly fine with the fact that plenty of other countries have free trade agreements with the eu . 
  it 's spite , plain and simple , and it 's absolutely pathetic . 
  lmao , you 're a lunatic . 
  it 's hardly fair to compare our meps to countries that are * still going to be in the eu in two years time * . 
  we decided as a sign of good will not intervene in quite a few of the votes as well , so meps obviously stopped showing up . 
  i do n't understand this , the doctors ruled his death was a certainty and the courts decided it would be cruel to ship him to the us just to treat him like a lab rat when it was known the tests would n't save him . 
  what am i missing here ? 
  and leaving this agreement revokes those rights .
