  - . - sure they do , pal . 
  sure they do . 
  i 'm starting to believe that this whole refugee crisis was orchestrated by the fence building lobby ... 
   did n't really improve the piece that singing in masses typically takes kills the crispness . 
  totally agree . 
  it 's a bit too quiet too , as they 're singing with no amplification and , imo , are n't as loud compared to the instrumental part as they should be . 
  or a planet ... 
  right between venus and alpha centaury . 
   greatest thing that ever happened since the start of time glad we can keep things in perspective . 
   croatia where rule of law and citizen 's security is more important than protecting criminals and human rights offenders . 
  that 's positively adorable and depressingly funny . 
  well , if you were buying the 2l packs i think you could get just under 30l of beer for that much money  or 50-60 lofes ( is that how you spell that word ? ), 
  of bread . 
  i gave pizza as an example of buying power . 
  i would not spend my small amount of free money on ordering pizza . 
  no it 's not . 
  living on their own is a luxury not everyone can afford . 
  maybe elsewhere , here it 's mostly a money thing . 
  i 'm a civil engineer and i moved out to rent a place of my own at 28 . 
  over half my paycheck was needed to cover the cost of rent plus the bills ( i 'm very frugal , the bills were very low as compared to others i asked ) . 
  i still had to eat lunch at my mothers as i did n't have enough money to feed my self on my own . 
  granted , i dont have the salary i will have in a few years when i get the relevant certificates i 'm gathering experience for , but my salary atm is above the national average . 
  i recentl moved in with a roommate because i realized i had no money for anything outside of my monthly expenses when living alone . 
  to be exact , i had about 50 euros of free money per month which is enough to order 7 or 8 pizzas or buy a piece of clothing . 
  for me and everybody i know in this situation it 's very much a money thing . 
  if you were to believe those guys , everything is serbia and everyone is serbian but some people are simply in denial about their serbian nationality . 
  he was n't talking in english though , some meaning is always lost in translation . 
   reducing a problem to zero occurrence should always be the aim . 
  no it should n't ... 
  the aim of any legislature should be to improve the existence of the populace . 
  tunnel visioning on reducing murder rates will inevitably lead to disproportionate sacrifices in other fields . 
  government needs to take a holistic approach to legislature and not just push a populist one issue platform . 
  the idea that one murder is one murder too many is childish from the perspective of responsible government . 
  murder is just one issue facing the populace and , quite frankly , nowhere near the most important one . 
  it 's tempting to take a absolutist stance and push a simplistic moral framework and then feel good about your self for not `` compromising your values '' but this is just self indulgence , sacrificing legitimate public interests for the sake of being perceived as good and feeling good about your self . 
  there 's more to morality and to governance than that . 
  having said all of this , i 'm not saying there 's nothing that can be done or should be done , but the idea that every murder is a failure on the part of the government is naive . 
  there are countless systems we could easily adapt that would drastically reduce the murder rate yet would clearly be much worse than the system we have now . 
  if you tunnel vision on a single issue , you end up with such a system . 
  it 's a shitty argument that relies on putting words into someones mouth and then attacking them on the grounds of what you said they would say . 
  if you 're going to disagree , disagree with the substance of the argument , not the fictional argument they could be making if this was a totally different situation . 
  the consistency of ops arguments is n't an interesting topic here ( though you really have no grounds for claiming he 's inconsistent except your own prejudice ) , only the validity of his actual argument . 
  yeah , really bothered me how off the melody was . 
  guess that makes me the worst here . 
  in my defense , i left everything i was n't sure of blank and i 've really no interest in the uk . 
  besides , that last question was disgusting : s first off , how do you define a fundamental principle of a people ? 
  and the other three options were obviously `` wrong '' , it just felt like a propaganda question . 
  yes but i think the point / u/lazyfck was trying to make is that budapest is n't in romania , it 's in hungary ... which seems to have gone over everyone 's heads . 
  the swedish security service - the sss , is by virtue of its very name 50 % worse than the ss so why would we trust them ? 
  nice try , nazies 1.5, 
  i believe that we should all just decide to stop hating each other and that there should be peace in the world and that everyone should do their best to improve the world for everyone and ... stop me if any of this is sounding like things a 7 year old would say . 
  not to be a snarky asshole but the world do n't work like that . 
  the sun wo n't `` improve '' because they 're not measuring them self by the same metric that you 're measuring them by . 
  they 're interested in sales , not moral integrity . 
  fun fact , the old guy they meet in bratislava is a famous croatian actor rade \u0160erbed\u017eija . 
  there were significant cultural and structural differences between the classic roman empire and the byzantine empire . 
  though they certainly share a lot i do n't think it 's out of place to call byzantium a different country . 
  croatia top 20 !, 
  at the risk of sounding like one of those weebos , this is not fair to the katana . 
  of course a larger , heavier blade will have an edge in this kind of direct blade-to-blade clash . 
  the advantage of a lighter blade is speed and maneuverability . 
  you would fight differently to utilize those and you would avoid these kinds of direct clashes , i 'd imagine . 
  if this kind of test was that important , you 'd think every sword would be a two handed great sword . 
  i 'm not saying that the katana is a better sword , i 'm most certainly no expert , but clearly this test is no indicator of which sword is better . 
  it 's annoying that this is somehow a debatable issue . 
  geographically , europe is quite clearly defined , anatolia is not part of it , thrace is . 
  non-geographically , we should n't be discussing europe , because europe is a geographical concept . 
  turkey does have land in europe , not all of it is inside europe , non of this is debatable . 
  as for weather or not turkey should be in the eu and other questions of grouping turkey with european countries , there 's a lot more to consider than geography , but every time people invoke geography and manage to disagree on a well established fact . 
  yes , they all had a jolly time . 
  fun for the whole family . 
  ah , the good old days of religious wars . 
  unfortunate that we do n't live back then . 
  wtf great britain ? 
  shame on you for there being someone you have n't invaded ... 
  official data says that [ over 60 milion serbs died in ww 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_casualties ) . 
  so true , so true ... 
  it 's actually russian, 
  what ? 
  i 've never seen this ... how have i never seen this ? 
  cheers on the info !, 
   total members : 750 voters : 694 didn ` t vote : 57 someone broke math again ... 
  i 'm talking about / u/thinsteel 's comment which you said confused you . 
  he did not use if . 
  this is a very silly and overly long discussion though . 
  well , for someone throwing around the word `` idiot '' you seem to be having trouble grasping some very basic stuff . 
  there 's no reason to interpret this as a question . 
   there are least two possible meanings that could be inferred from what he 's written . 
  what he wrote :  given that croatia had a notable quarrel with slovenia over something much less significant during their eu campaign , we can expect this fight to be much more complicated . 
  nothing in this sentence is suggesting that the quarrel between croatia and slovenia is in question . 
  i 'm not sure where you 're getting that from . 
  you 're focusing on the use of past perfect , but that 's not where the distinction between question and statement is made , in fact , the way you distinguished between question and statement in your examples is by exchanging the words `` if '' and `` given '' . 
  op used the `` given '' form so even going by the examples you provided , it 's clear he 's making a statement not a question . 
  you 're either being contentious for the sake of contentiousness or you do n't have a very solid grasp of your own language . 
  find someplace else to be a grammar nazi . 
  ecstasy country, 
  i think the sentence is perfectly understandable ... 
  bosnia and herzegovina is a political frankenstein 's monster , unnaturally stiched together by world powers and politically strongly divided . 
  it 's a similar kind of mistake to what was made in the middle east by the british not so long ago . 
  the `` natural '' course for bosnia during the yugoslav wars of independence was to divide , it was kept alive by external force and the people are suffering for it .
