i do n't think croatia should have joined either . 
  not yet anyway . 
  we have no way of competing with foreign business in the state we are in currently . 
  joining the eu will open up the market for foreign business and that will make a lot of our domestic businesses fail . 
  there 's bonuses too , of course , and big ones , but loosing our domestic businesses will hit us very hard in a time when unemployment is such a big concern . 
  serbia will face the same problem eventually . 
  to best profit from the eu you need competitive businesses , and , because of the size of our markets so far , we do n't have them . 
  my main objection with the expansion is how unconsolidated the state of the eu is right now . 
  it 's getting increasingly difficult to pass any law or resolution that is even slightly controversial . 
  the eu does n't seem to have enough political power to govern effectively , and the more countries it absorbs , the harder it becomes to centralize power in the eu government , as opposed to it being split between countries . 
  i find that the combination of unified currency but decentralized government is n't the best recipe for success , as it prevents effective regulation of economics . 
  i honestly think that a strong and unified eu is the best way forward for the region , but do n't see that happening considering the state of affairs . 
  we fight different wars today . 
  russia is a big threat . 
  a economic/political threat , even if it 's realistically not a military threat . 
  the counties the eu is absorbing are a kind of no mans land in a political sense . 
  the eu wants control ( influence ) over them so that russia does n't get influence over them . 
  russia still has high ambitions and would use the influence as leverage against the eu in a lot of ways ( strategic resources etc. ), 
  not as a way of `` attacking '' the eu , but simply as a way of profiting at the eu 's cost . 
  honestly , croatia does n't have nearly as many big crimes per capita as western counties have . 
  you ca n't explain it away with percentage of crimes reported , because it 's hard to think a murder will go unreported ( unless it 's homeless people or others with no firm ties to society ) , or even a theft . 
  my guess is that this has to do with wealth distribution . 
  we do n't really have the kind of gang culture that the west does and a murder is something that 's rare and surprising . 
  we have a lot of corruption , but that 's white collar crime . 
  i 'm not a sociologist so i do n't like to make too many assumptions , but it seems to me that , because there 's not so many examples of kids being from a environment that makes them feel crime is the only legitimate way out ( like ghettos ) , we avoid that self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  overall , we 're not a very prosperous country , but our wealth distribution is n't as bad as in most developed western counties . 
  after reading this thread ... is there anyone here who does n't play eu4 ? 
  esti can into nordic ? 
  i think you 're taking him too seriously . 
  he 'll ride to hungary once more , just on trains filled with immigrants this time . 
   what on earth is a ` google ' ? 
  that 's utter bullshit . 
  i 'm certainly for stricter regulation of immigration and asylum grants but people here just love pulling numbers out of the depths of their asses . 
  250 million ? 
  why not 300 billion ? 
  we can accept 300 billion even less than 250 million so why not use that number ? 
  you obviously do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  even during the worst disasters and wars the majority of a population will not emigrate . 
  those who do will emigrate mostly to neighboring countries ( turkey in this case , which has already taken many more refugees than the entire eu ) . 
  furthermore , are you just listing countries that have people in them ? 
  there is no great immigration wave from afghanistan and nigeria is one of the most stable countries in africa . 
  the european economy is in no threat of collapse from the number of refugees that are coming in . 
  there are other issues to be considered and i 'm not saying we should be accepting everyone who wants to come , but what you and others here are saying shows you do n't know or care about the facts . 
  you can take solace in the knowledge that everything on that list is between tokyo and milwaukee and therefore serbia so you 're first , last and everything in between . 
  i 'd assume so but i 've never gone during the tourist season . 
  really ? 
  you 've never gone as a school excursion ? 
  that and krka are the places most people go to in school . 
  i tried finding the news article but it was a while ago and i ca n't seem to find it any more . 
  it was a running joke for a while over here . 
  a year or two ago about a dozen refugees bound for italy shipwrecked and got rescued by our coast guard and put in the asylum center in dubrovnik . 
  when given the choice of asking for asylum in croatia which would be granted or going back to libya ( i believe that 's where they were from , not sure though ) , every one of them chose to be deported , 
  lol, 
  that pun is older than a lot of the people reading it ... 
  not even that your country 's flag has been replaced with the ethiopian flag ? 
  the way you 're using the word `` objective '' makes it clear you do n't understand what it means . 
  you mentioned the shifting opinion on who won the war and you come across as believing the americans really are more responsible for the victory than the ussr . 
  if this is the case , you really should read up on ww2 . 
  it was won almost entirely on the eastern front . 
  it 's politically unfasionable to credit the ussr with the victory considering what a problem they became later on , but it 's down right wrong to deny what they did in the war . 
  they suffered by far the most casualties , the biggest infrastructural damage and inflicted by far the most casualties on the germans , the whole rest of the war was like a skirmish compared to the eastern front . 
  it 's a shame people know so little about the scale of what happened there because of politics . 
  yeah . 
  i was shocked how accurate this is . 
  people clearly have no idea how hard it is to make an accurate map , especially on a continental scale . 
  i could make a long list of things that are worse than cheating , but that would be silly . 
  when is the last time you or someone you know committed rape murder torture or genocide ? 
  these things are flashy moral concepts but are n't really part of most of our lives . 
  people do n't actually do any of those things all that much . 
  yet , apparently , most of them do cheat . 
  no mater how bad some act might be you can imagine an infinite number of acts that are more reprehensible . 
  that does n't take away from the immorality of that act . 
  this has nothing to do with ownership . 
  a relationship is a mutual agreement and cheating is breaking that agreement . 
  just because i do n't own you does n't mean it 's ok for you to cheat on me just like it is n't ok for you to shoot me . 
  my right to object to you shooting me does n't come from my `` ownership '' over you which you are presumably going against by shooting me , it comes from the fact that you 're harming me and breaking a social norm that we both nominally abide by . 
  is this really so prevalent ? 
  cheating is amongst the most despicable things people do imo , never understood how they can do it and this is showing that in a lot of places a majority of men and a large number of women do it . 
  i find that unbelievable . 
  edit : a lot of people are focusing on my statement that cheating is amongst the most despicable things people do . 
  of course there are many worse things people do but those things ( murder , rape etc ) are things the vast majority of people will never do . 
  they are the rock-stars of immorality , flashy and popular to talk about but few and far between and hardly representative of the general population . 
  i personally do n't know anyone who 's been affected by rape but i know quite a few people affected by cheating . 
  damnit , beat me to it ... 
  well , i 'd be for it in the long term . 
  i 've zero nationalistic sentiment , that 's the lesson we should have taken out of the war . 
  nationalism is what created all those problems . 
  both serbian and ours to an extent . 
  i do n't see why i should be more concerned with the welfare of someone that calls him self a croat than someone who calls him self something else , we 're all human . 
  having said that , a federation ca n't work out without a stronger european identity . 
  otherwise every country will be in it for them selves , like it was in yugoslavia at the end , with germany and france taking the role of serbia and exploiting politically less powerful members for their own gains . 
  right now i believe we need a political union that can help europe regulate the euro . 
  the eu financial integration has gotten way ahead of the political integration and that 's hurting the project . 
  a federation can be a long term goal but first we would need a way to promote the european identity . 
   the germans with their vast military budget what ? 
  germany is a very demilitarized country and their military budget is hardly vast when compared to their gdp . 
  no , he means [ vigilance ] ( http://mtgsalvation.gamepedia.com/vigilance ) . 
  fins are very insistent on taping . 
  booooooooo !, 
  they are worst slav !,
