  piran is of croatia !, 
  i spit on janez flag for block us to the eu !, 
  give piran or we send 2pac !, 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the janez farm animal with rap magic !, 
  coatia greatest country !, 
  by almost any objective measure europe is not a declining power because it never was a power to begin with . 
  that would assume much more integration than is present . 
  this is a bullshit way of doing that . 
  those women who get hired because of this law will be resented for it and labeled as incompetent . 
  they will have to work twice as hard to prove they 're good employees . 
  if changing the mentality is the goal then this is counterproductive . 
  i see no reason to insert america into this ... 
  there 's nothing special about us cities for the purposes of this discussion . 
  pretty much every planed city has turned out inefficient . 
  architects/urbanists ca n't really take into account the incredible complexity of the interactions that take place inside a city . 
  a city is a lot like an organism . 
  it 's much better at growing naturally . 
  planed cities like brasilia look great but function poorly ( large distances between points of interest because of the monumental architecture and green belts etc ) . 
  all in all , it 's mostly agreed that planed cities are at a significant disadvantage as compared to natural cities though it needs to be noted that i 'm talking about cities that are planed and built before anyone moves in . 
  cities certainly should have urban plans to regulate their growth , but artificially placing everything invariably leads to reduced efficiency . 
  yeah , because planed cities have turned out so great in the past ... 
  how are they calculating the `` untapped potential '' part ? 
  it seems ridiculous . 
  macedonia increasing their gdp by 1200 % in 15 years ? 
  by making more kids go to high school ? 
  seems silly . 
  my own coutnry is listed as having a potential for a 200 % growth in gdp by doing teh same . 
  there 's a lot of problems over her but a lack of high school educated people is n't really one of them . 
  estonia : let 's search the world for the best jokes about estonia rest of the world : jokes about estoniwhat ? 
   all persons in the netherlands shall be treated in equal circumstances . 
  discrimination on the grounds of religion , belief , political opinion , race , or sex or on *** any other grounds whatsoever *** shall not be permitted . 
  is n't this way too vague ? 
  we discriminate all the time in a positive way . 
  the law it self discriminates . 
  punishing people because they broke the law is discrimination on the grounds of actions . 
  not many people would object to this but it 's discrimination non the less . 
  i 'm sure you have a more refined way of deciding what constitutes discrimination in the legal sense than this vague constitutional passage . 
  this reply shows a combination of ignorance and arrogance that i always find sad . 
  you come across as someone with a simple understanding of governance and politics who thinks too highly of his own knowledge . 
  i will not be wasting pages on explaining the finer points of this to you , though . 
   i am merely stating that it is not much more of a problem among 16-18 year olds as over  18 year olds so treating them so incredibly differently is ridiculous . 
  my poi tin no way relies on calling hypocrisy . 
  i assumed you were pointing out hypocrisy because i had n't imagined you actually think this problem is the same at 16 and at , for example , 30 . 
  it 's silly to say that a 16 year old is as anywhere near as informed about politics as a 30 year old . 
  i would think this was self evident , but apparently not . 
   the main goal of democracy is to make sure the people have the power . 
  thankfully , this is not true , as this would be a silly and simplistic goal . 
  the `` point '' of any government is to govern its people as well as possible ( bring prosperity ) . 
  who holds the power is a question of means , not ends . 
  absolutism is bad not because it is absolutism but because it 's bad for the people . 
  there 's nothing intrinsically good about giving power to the people , it 's only a good way to insure that power is used to help the people . 
   16 year olds are stupid . 
  you acuse me of misdiagnosing fallacies and then make blatant strawmen ... that 's not at all what i said or in the spirit of what i said . 
  there 's a lot of difference between intellect and wisdom and what i was talking about was wisdom . 
  one needs to be experienced to be wise and 16 year olds are certainly not experienced in maters of politics . 
  as for your last points , i 'd certainly advocate rising the age of majority so i hardly see a 22 year age of majority as a problem . 
  also , up to 18 ( and even after but much less so once you have a job and a place of your own ) your interests are protected by your parents vote . 
  no one is exploiting 16 year olds because they 're inadequately politically represented . 
  honestly , you might be interested in politics at 16 but that does n't make you qualified to vote . 
  i thought i had a handle on how the world worked at 16 . 
  then at 18 i realized i was being naive , but now i knew better . 
  then i came to the same realization at 20 and so on . 
  everyone thinks they have the world figured out as a teenager , that 's natural . 
  it 's also natural to be wrong about that . 
  this might be coming across as condescending and perhaps it is , but i flat out do n't believe you 're qualified to make an informed vote at your age . 
  to be able to vote properly you need more understanding of the economy , history and geopolitics than you 've had time to learn . 
  politics is not math , it has no simple solutions . 
  it is a field filled with people who 's only goal in life is to make you think they 're right . 
  it 's full of deception and half-truths . 
  i 'll be diplomatic and allow for the possibility that you are a gifted individual with a somewhat consistent world view and moral outlook , but that certainly does n't hold true for the majority of 16 year olds and such inconsistencies are an easy target for politicians to exploit . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  you learn a lot in 2 years and 18 year olds are still vulnerable but not as much . 
  in fact , i 'd much rather increase the age of majority to 21 . 
  by 21 people start to actually pay attention to politics and form some opinions that are based on facts and not just impressions . 
  so you 're going to tell me with a straight face that you were interested in politics at the age of 16 and had a grasp of the political scene ? 
  those results do n't really back up your claim either . 
  we 're average , a few percentages behind central europe and certainly have the best results in the balkans outside of slovenia , but none of that is relevant to this discussion . 
  you 're just lashing out . 
  what you 're doing is called whataboutism and is something the soviets loved to do in the cold war but pointing out that there are other bad things does n't mean the things we 're discussing are any less bad . 
  perhaps the main issue with democracy is that people make uninformed votes . 
  they do n't bother to get into the deeper issues and latch on to superficial ones . 
  i 've never seen an election won or lost because of an actual important issue . 
  it 's always down to populist topics , negative adds and people 's `` general impressions '' of a candidate 's personality . 
  this means the people who get elected are the people who can manipulate the populace the best instead of those who have the best solution to the given issues . 
  when you 're making a policy that regulates the voting process , this should be your main concern . 
  improving the `` product '' of the elections . 
  in other words , making sure the elected candidate is as good a person for the job as possible . 
  you say that `` plenty '' of adults are uninformed and you 're right , but this is a question of scale . 
  a higher percentage of adults have a grasp on the political scene than is the case with young people . 
  by lowering the voting age you 're decreasing how informed the average voter is and thus increasing the prejudice of the system towards good liars instead of good statesmen . 
  if you do n't agree that 16 year olds are , on average , significantly less informed than a man in his 20s or 30s , then i do n't know what to say to you other than that you 're disconnected from reality . 
  the flip side of the issue is that you want to include as many people as you can in the voting so that they can represent them selves and have their interests protected . 
  these are the two things that need to be balanced . 
  having this in mind , lowering the voting age by two years does not significantly increase the protection of the interests of 16 year olds ( they 'd be able to vote in 2 years any way ) but it does reduce the effectiveness of elections at picking good candidates . 
  i 'd certainly say this is the wrong way to go considering how elections play out with a 18 year age of majority . 
  did you get an education on politics when you were in high school ? 
  we had one semester when i was 18 and it was a joke class . 
  an informed vote requires one to understand how the system works to be able to ( at least partially ) see through the bullshit the candidates are saying and discern realistic goals from populist ones that are repeated countless times in the campaign and then immediately forgotten after the election . 
  access to the internet does not provide you with an insight in to the workings of society . 
  at least not right away .
