the whole country is going to look like your first apartment . 
  ban halloween * because * it leads to orgies ? 
  i follow you . 
  i 'm just being lazy and using an umbrella term for specific social progress movements related to this post . 
  for the most part , imho they are likely still more progressive than their parents in many ways , but they were raised in a environment where social change is opposed arbitrarily . 
  what 's funny is the us had a pretty big progressive movement during the cold war but it was pretty much shouted down in the 70 's by the establishment . 
  its death knell was was probably the kent state shootings . 
  you ca n't support a system without knowing its weakest links . 
  better than nothing . 
  - cartoon network ? 
  that 's basically stealing ad revenue from content creators that had nothing to do with the nsa ( and are probably victims as well ) . 
  it would be like ad blocking reddit for what the nsa did . 
  maybe just avoid youtube altogether ? 
  it probably has to do with america 's relationship with the tobacco industry . 
  in the mid-1990 's several states sued tobacco companies , finding decades of memos regarding the addictive and carcinogenic effects of nicotine . 
  yet knowingly withholding the information . 
  ( even going so far as to say their product made you healthier ) . 
  oh , and ` not ' marketing them to kids . 
  ca n't help but notice you forgot to include vegetables . 
  many vegetables taste extra bitter to children . 
  only had to disrupt every native culture encountered to do so . 
  industrial tech is great , but people all over the world are still suffering from the effects of european colonialism . 
  nothing for you to feel guilty about of course , but i 'm not sure being proud of it is the right response either . 
  well that is basically what / r/europe and / r/worldpolitics says about america . 
  that being said , this guy is fucking asshole . 
  welp , better start thawing hitler . 
  no , that would suggest they want to revert back to the monarchy . 
  gotcha , yeah , you have to fill in the blanks on reddit . 
  if you assume someone will do critical thinking for your own argument , you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  ` monkey ' is a derogatory term for a black person . 
  ha-ha , you 're getting popular and shitty !, 
  hey now !, 
  why would you want to deny yourself the glory of / r/thesuperbowl ? 
  so what does your country do differently to reign in on your government 's or corporation 's bullshit ? 
  you would still have dead hitler . 
  i 'm going to take a shot in the dark and say its the belgian eating some guy 's severed head . 
  or the titties . 
  man , ` scale 1:6.000.000 ' sure has a versatile usage in syria . 
  20,000,000 gigabytes , or 20 petabytes in 2012, 
  [ numbers lie all the time ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7fjfuuvxpi ) they tell you what they answered to a specific question . 
  but like the article says , it is more of an indicator about how pissed they are about foreign policy in the middle east . 
  interesting article , it would be nice to see this broken down by party and demographics like the abc poll . 
  ninja edit : would be nice if the source was not behind a paywall . 
  ninja edit : i wonder if the polarization comes partly from fatigue ? 
  the campaigning has basically been going on for 18 months . 
  its been big , disorganized and ugly . 
  trump and a few others have basically made the whole process feel like reality tv . 
  maybe people are more polarized than ever because politics has mostly been trash tv . 
  reading the actual poll , it looks like 75 % of democrats and 59 % of liberals favoring clinton . 
  pretty good . 
  it 's a satire piece . 
  i would n't be fooled by the walled garden that is reddit 's political spectrum . 
  she is not hated on the left nearly as much as people think . 
  nationalism being confused with patriotism has been happening long before trump in the us . 
  this is just the worst we have seen so far . 
  and they would answer , las vegas . 
  not really a war . 
  in / r/europe i feel like a pecker in room full of dicks . 
  good point . 
  i guess for some reason i thought this post was to troll americans i was just trying to be helpful . 
  next time i 'll just pretend i 've been tricked due to my primitive dating system . 
  after watching southpark , i do n't think i would call someone that without reason . 
  sounds fair , and when i go to new zealand and meet some of your less educated folk i can think of names to call you . 
  yeah , we do n't call canadians english . 
  i do n't live in vermont . 
  it 's 8/11 in america , you should have waited at least 5 hours . 
  just brush it off ? 
  what exactly makes you think i even care ? 
  i do n't . 
  but you assumed i did , apparently any response on my part is going to be seen as butthurt , because i somehow represent the america sandy-balls yelling at . 
  that brings up another thought : can people not be legitimately offended on the internet ? 
  must we truly just `` chill out '' ? 
   we just do n't like when you put your nose in everybody 's lives . 
   ...  now let me tell you who should be running your country . 
  also , equating an internet forum poll to a presidential election , really ? 
  i did not know we were rivals . 
  i 'm just here for the flag pin . 
  road trip !, 
  oh boy , i wonder if this will lead to china style web blocking in america for foreign sites that `` steal intelectual property '' ? 
  haha , i guess that would seem like an odd request . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  the newspaper in panel one . 
  would you mind translating the newspaper ? 
  edit : not sure what i did wrong . 
  i apologize for making that request i was just curious . 
  yeah !, 
  that 'll show ... someone !, 
  inaccurate . 
  with the exception of mummy , mexico , commies , godfathers , dirty porn and smelly people the rest should be labeled as `` do n't '' , `` give '' and `` crap '' . 
  `` how are you ? '', 
  has always bugged me . 
  first of all unless its an important person that answer is always a lie , and at the same time the speaker could not give damn about it anyway . 
  while i agree , you got the wrong country buddy . 
  dosen ; t matter why , my point is you will have to click an approval box for that kind of stuff as well , not just login forms , legally speaking . 
  how about having to check a box every time you play a game , watch a video , or fill out a from ? 
  thanks man !, 
  thanks !, 
  edit : i will apologize on his behalf for the lack of attention , we 've been busy focusing on our political circus , celebrity gaffs , and the latest harmless thing you can die from . 
  i might be a bit late , but can a curious yank get in on this ? 
  * bah - country block apparently someone at comedy central does not want americans to pirate lucrative dutch satire just as much as they want to keep euro pirates away from the original .
