  i save those for when the shield is gone , or dps the adds . 
  but yeah , in general , knowing the fights will always make you play better . 
  i see on your armory that you have killed most bosses in soo only once . 
  when i fight a boss for the first time im always nervous and wont play that good . 
  perhaps this haunts you too !, 
  i know you said that you read guides and follow the rotations , but have you see this one : http://www.icy-veins.com/windwalker-monk-wow-pve-dps-guide, 
  i really love these guides , because they are detailed . 
  i used to be a fan of method , who played on my server before they left sylvanas and before they turned horde . 
  before method turned horde , they used to be the number 1 alliance guild in the world . 
  at this moment you are the best alliance guild in the world , but midwinter can factionchange fairly easy and a better horde guild can do the same ( ignoring racials ) . 
  so my question is this : what makes you feel about the importance of the distinction between horde and alliance when comparing midwinter to other guilds ? 
  you clearly make this disctintion in your topic title . 
  why is it so important that midwinter is the best ( premiere ) alliance guild in the world , and not the number fifth in the world ? 
  all the other buildings generating culture i believe , like amphitheater . 
  i used to have this problem with building wonders too , the urge to build them all . 
  it depends on your gamestyle , how do you want to play your civ ? 
  but you should ask yourself , do i need that wonder to win the game ? 
  most of the time you do not need that wonder , even though they look really nice . 
  its better to produce a settler or library , or another warrior or archer , because you will need those to win the game , not that extra social policy from oracle . 
  it really does not matter , it all depends on how you like to play . 
  i do n't like wide , so i play tall . 
  almost everytime with every civ i make three or four cities , with perhaps conquering some later . 
  i feel it comes down to how well you can keep up happiness . 
  on higher difficulties you will drop in happiness fast when your population is to big . 
  im like you in that i try to find a good or near perfect spot for my second and third city , but you will have to be fast . 
  thats why you will need to expand soon . 
  after founding a city i usually go like 1 . ), 
  scout/warrior 2 . ), 
  worker ( i never really steal a worker ) 3 . ), 
  library 4 . ), 
  settler . 
  then i hope that around these turns i can get a third settler from the liberty social policy . 
  with a bit of luck i might be able to buy another settler , or otherwise make another one a some 20 or 30 turns later . 
  by going wide and making many cities your cities do not need to be in a good spot , because they will usually work very few titles , like 5 to 10 . 
  bigger cities will be a problem because you cant keep up the happiness . 
  so you dont need a perfect spot . 
  im not that well known with this game to say why percisely tradition is better than liberty . 
  liberty gives a quick settler . 
  i usually start with liberty , go for the settler first , then finish it off . 
  the worker you have already build in your city . 
  by the time you can get the worker from the social policies you will need it to improve tiles in your second and third city . 
  i also like liberty because it gives a free gp , and 8 science from the great scientist is nice when you have about 100 science total . 
  it really helps . 
  after industrialisation or so i save or bulb them . 
  where can i find this tall man 's finger ? 
  yes , i felt the same after the first thirteen books ( starting soon on amol ) . 
  i decided to skip characters that i did not like that much , which was for me pretty much elayne and sometimes a random character . 
  you might indeed miss stuff but in the whole narrative that is wot you will find out what happened in other characters ( for me , elayne her chapters ) povs . 
  i say skip what you dont like and just continue on reading , its 14 books , which is a lot , but when you are done you can always reread parts , chapters , whole books !, 
  edit : i do feel that in the later books , 11 , 12 and 13 these characters do get more interesting though , but not elayne !, 
  i feel that you should not ask that question , but read on !, 
  i save all my scrap in the first sector till i met a store . 
  do n't need the upgrades yet and some of the weapons of augmentations are to good to miss !, 
  i managed to get the fearless and the proven assailant this week . 
  especially that last title was a pain to achieve , had to restart about 15 times i think : wiping at wave 28 , 29 , 26 twice at wave 30 is crap . 
  but very happy now that i managed to get it done !, 
  from the wheel of time wikia :, 
  the name aes sedai and their magical nature comes from irish myth , specifically from the aes sidhi , a magical people of immense power , who commanded abilities that rivaled the gods . 
  jordan also used this source as part of his inspiration for the aelfinn and eelfinn . 
  there is also a very strong similarity between them and the bene gesserit . 
  like the aes sedai , the all female bene gesserit are a key social , religious , and political force in frank herbert 's science fiction dune universe . 
  the group is described as an exclusive sisterhood whose members train their bodies and minds through years of physical and mental conditioning to obtain superhuman powers and abilities that can seem magical to outsiders . 
  sometimes called `` witches '' due to their secretive nature and misunderstood powers , the bene gesserit , like the aes sedai , are loyal only to themselves . 
  however , to attain their goals and avoid outside interference , they often screen themselves with the illusion of being loyal to other groups or individuals . 
  as their skills and knowledge are as desirable as an alliance with the sisterhood itself , they are able to charge a fee to school the females from great houses , and install some of their initiates as leaders , wives , and prominent figures to their advantage . 
  source : http://wot.wikia.com/wiki/aes_sedai#parallels, 
  there are many parallels between the first age and the third age !, 
  i love the extended date on the launch event . 
  now im curious if im able to grind about 90k hks in a 100man battleground within this timeframe . 
  would like to complete the bloodthirsty . 
  no , only the achievements are , you can keep the titles you have earned . 
  i too like this one very much !, 
  especially after semirhage in knife of dreams introduced herself to suroth : ( semirhage ) she laughed again , and said something strange . 
  `` let the lord of chaos rule . '' gave me goosebumbs . 
  yeah i agree , its a typical reaction after having a bad pass . 
  atleast it was for me , al those saturday mornings !, 
  it will be account bound with wod and you will get all the mounts !, 
  thanks for my new background !, 
  dungeons are probably only viable once for the quests they have , otherwise you wont gain a lot of xp from them . 
  atleast that was my experience with leveling in mop . 
  yes , but that was after the big nerfs to mop leveling . 
  iirc there has been two nerfs to xp needed to go from level 85 to 90 . 
  before that questing was the only way to go . 
  because midiclorians disenchant the whole idea behind the force . 
  what is the force ? 
  is it a divine mover ? 
  a form of magic ? 
  something else ? 
  midiclorians make it seem that being able to use the force is part of what is in your body , in your dna , like many other things , that you can perhaps copy , or do other stuff with . 
  it takes away the magic of the force as a phenomenom . 
  atleast it does to me . 
  '' / r/thenetherlands , the default subreddit for everything regarding the netherlands . '' !, 
  she is yes . 
  i will give it a try . 
  tarp is an example of a loan the government gives to a company to prevent it from going bankrupt , which would result in the end of the company . 
  i believe in this case the government bought all the shares from general motors , becoming the owner . 
  now that the period is over and gm is saved , the government sold it shares with a small profit . 
  but we already have that , its called education !, 
  its not only for the brawlers guild that you should change talents for . 
  it 's probably honor points that never seem to be there or get added to my total honor points .
