  south-africa was a british colony now , where people would speak different languages then dutch , which means that dutch would loose influence . 
  indonesia and india resembled eachother . 
  both are colonies that brought in money for the dutch and british , colonies with many different types of goods to be exploited , with an indigeous people willing to learn and adapt to their rulers . 
  however , the british focussed on one major language throughout india , english . 
  the dutch cared less about this and let the different people living on the many islands speak ( and educate their children ) their own language . 
  they did not impose dutch on the indonesian people . 
  these are just two examples/explanations . 
  though the dutch ruled a major part of the colonised world , the other four major countries ruled more !, 
  another thing is that one of the more discriminating words in dutch and english ( and perhaps other languages ) vocabulaire is a dutch word - apartheid . 
  great catch . 
  this might suggest that jaime , like daeron , bloodraven and i thought daemon blackfire in the edd and dunk novella 's , has dreams . 
  how do they call them again ? 
  dragon dreams ? 
  might support the theory that jaime is a son of aerys ii . 
  time to change it back though !, 
  news , politics , history , reading , gaming . 
  thanks , will do !, 
  will do . 
  i know peter fox , he had a major hit a few years ago in the netherlands . 
  dont forget its a song of ice and fire , not a song of ice versus fire . 
  a friend of mine claimed they would add more pets and mounts in mop , but i dont know if this is true . 
  rumor has it !, 
  reek , it rhymes with freak !, 
  so did i , 
  its a common theory , yes !, 
  this is not a battleground but an arena , the dalaran sewers . 
  a better question is at what rating the op is and the rating of his team and opponents team . 
  sent you one !, 
  i have send you one , plus my real id !, 
  i do play alliance though !, 
  its not really about what you earn on the ah , its sad that i can not find stuff to use on either my barb or wd because everything i find is just crap . 
  i havent found a single good item since 1.0.4 , and thats just plain annoying , but also very dissapointing . 
  how am i going to keep on progressing if i either cant find good items to use or sell ? 
  both mean that i dont gear up , it wont drop , or i cant buy it because i do not have the gold for it . 
  no , lightbringer !, 
  indeed . 
  cersei and jaime are the targaryens here , not tyrion . 
  what do i loot ? 
  only crap !, 
  i do not think its for professions but for leveling there still is that timer . 
  profesions you do alone , leveling not . 
  four guildies of mine got realm first : level 90 because they leveled together . 
  behold : the great realm and dwarf city of ironforge !, 
  yeah they removed the honored requirements . 
  you can buy gear at several quartermasters . 
  those of the golden lotus , the klaxxi , the shado-pan , the august celestials . 
  look for them on wowhead.com where to find them . 
  you can also start doing dailys with the order of the serpent . 
  those are easy and imo way better then the 20 golden lotus dailys i have now . 
  the ammount of dailys is massive . 
  dont start by doing them all at once , but just do a few if you dont have hours a day to play . 
  to long . 
  well , tacitus is still lamenting about the decline of the roman culture . 
  though he is not alive anymore , your primary source still argues about this . 
  blizzard said a while ago that alliance and horde npcs would also drop them . 
   but if blizz are prioritising things like this over fixing issues like botting and ninja looting within the game it 's no wonder their subscriber base is dwindling . 
  i dont really think that the art team is the proper team to deal with the botting and ninjalooting . 
  wrong . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` thorin dies in the hobbit . '' ), 
  fuck man . 
  spoiler tagging a 70 year old story in a discussionthread about said story . 
  many horrible scenes around . 
  the mantid in heart of fear being skewered on are shocking . 
  there is no ` now ' in the question asked . 
  you add now , the question if all cultures ( now and in the past ) have science fiction is a correct question , even for / askhistorians . 
  please , dont imagine things . 
  i really like the fact that / r/askhistorians dropped the idea that history is something that happend up to 20 years ago . 
  history is something for the present , not just facts or happenings that took place up to 20 years ago . 
  because of that division i felt like this subreddit lacked the idea that history has something important for us now . 
  history is not just something to learn from , but also to helps us understand our own time and possible foresee what might happen in the future . 
  the rules still have a focus on this division , but this change is i believe for the better . 
  now i hope that this subreddit can focus more on what history really is , namely that history is a story and not so much a summary of facts . 
  perhaps we should have someone with alot of theoretical insight in history do an ama . 
  i would like to see this aspect of history , the story-aspect , get more into the daylight . 
  it used to be on the sidebar , now its not . 
  i checked the rules section , but missed it . 
  but then again , i urge you to rethink this position , because history is so much more then just the past . 
  the name of this subreddit reflects this in my opinion . 
  its called askhistorians , not askhistoriansaboutthepast . 
  you and the ai can capture workers and settlers from other civilizations , the barbarians can do the same . 
  upon capturing a worker from barbarians that another civ created , you can choose between keeping said worker or return it . 
  the english captured your settler and decidee to keep it . 
  know that when you capture a settler it will turn in a worker , unless you made it yourself . 
  then it stays a settler . 
  protect you workers and settlers when moving them . 
  you should try and read many of the tips and tricks posted in the side bar . 
  really helped me out when i started up . 
  that being said , i still have to win my first game , even though i own civ 5 for like 2 months now . 
  i keep restarting games before finishing them . 
  lets downvote one and upvote the other !, 
  buy pet upgrade tokens if you like to pet battle . 
  los perhaps , when you start your game ? 
  line of sight . 
  you can not see what happens behind your line of sight because of obstacles or in civ 5 the clouds at the start of a game . 
  this happend to me last week and it astonished me when i realised what happend . 
  i was playing on warlord and doing more then well , with having about a 1000 points more then the other civs . 
  i had the biggest army and empire , the other civs were not eager for war . 
  i was playing on continents map , huge , where i almost conquered one of the three continents . 
  on one of the other continents india was biting the dust in a duel with england . 
  suddenly , out of the blue , india offered me a city .
