  but japan could only hope to crippe the us with their attack on pearl harbor , which never really happend . 
  the german attack on the sovjet union turned out to be a disaster . 
  and trade , that never really happens when war breaks out . 
  because ? 
  its not less the truth . 
  new world order proclaimed by bush senior and operation desert storm that followed . 
  or the war on terror by the other bush . 
  i think its safe to say that for a decade the eagle was the only big animal in the forest . 
  what the bear did inside its cave and perhaps in a small area around it , are different things then what the eagle did many miles away from its nest . 
  but ofcourse , every historian interprete history differently . 
  im sure the flagcarrier capped before you guys took the last tower !, 
  are you talking now about the sovjet union in the cold war , or after it ? 
  the last part that eternalkerri quoted is not about the cold war . 
  oh ofcourse , how silly of me . 
  history ofcourse , ended after the cold war . 
  the cold war itself had many consequences though , so an epilogue is ofcourse not misplaced . 
  but perhaps you are right though and it did not belong in the explanation about the cold war !, 
  alas , interpretations . 
  not to brust your bubble , but some level one twink has this one and the bloodthirsty :p, 
  i will , dont worry , 
  the us nation is not founded on christianity or christian ideas , though some of the founding fathers may be devout christians , most of them were secularists or freethinkers . 
  a part from the treaty of tripoli , signed in 1796 , and written by george washington : ` as the government of the united states of america is not , in any sense , founded on the christian religion ' . 
  it continues with : ` as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws , religion , or tranquility , of mussulmen ' . 
  first amendment of the bill of rights is about freedom of religion , speech , press , the right for the people to form a peacefull assembly . 
  edit : kinda responded to yunodie , not the intention . 
  it was not different in wrath . 
  i remember running heroics with three dps doing less dps then the tank . 
  once i was second as a holy paladin , wings , speedbuff and spamming exorcism . 
  people doing 1.5 k dps was not a rare thing in late wotlk . 
  pretty much this . 
  its also nice to add that you have alot of basic knowlegde and that you are able to absorb alot of knowlegde - texts , books , papers - in a short amount of time . 
  in the netherlands , my university claims that you can pratically become anything with a history degree and work in many fields - from researcher to a hospital boss . 
  it might be useful to orientate yourself on something . 
  i would love to work for the eu or the un , so i took a minor about europe and later on i want to do one about war and peace . 
  im also choosing subjects that have relation with international economics , institution and stuff likewise . 
  edit : the pm of the netherlands , and the one before him , studied history . 
  so i can always go for that if everything else fails . 
  looking back at the screenshot , though i was third instead of second , it was a good 5.6 k dps !, 
  if you returned to a vendor within two hours , you would get your valor points back . 
  why didnt you do that ? 
  so , why didnt you return it to a vendor , reclaim your valor points , and buy the item again ? 
  dropchance can still be 50 % . 
  just never dropping for you , 
  don quichot by cervantes, 
  utopia by thomas more . 
  1984 by george orwell . 
  watershipdown by richard adams . 
  to kill a mockingbird by harper lee . 
  harry potter by j.k. rowling !, 
  the story of king arthur . 
  the curious incident of the dog at the night time by mark haddon . 
  the boy in the striped pyjamas by john boyne . 
  papillion by henri charriere . 
  i could go on for ever . 
  also , besides just literature , you can also read historybooks . 
  the end of history by fukuyama . 
  clash of civilizations by hobsbawm . 
  make sure that before you start reading some of those books you listed , that you know the background of them . 
  it makes no sense reading herodotus if you dont know anything about the greeks and persians or why herodotus is called the father of history . 
  you can also read machiavelli , but without knowing anything about him or the time it was written , it would make so little sense . 
  google or audiolectures by the teachinig company helps you understanding books and stories . 
  a good list to look at is : http://www.bbc.co.uk/arts/bigread/top100.shtml, 
  many of those books hold great stories or changed the way people thought or write . 
  i suggest that you dont read them all , and if you dont like them , dont read them . 
  calling them great books is indeed a nice way to categorize them  . 
  you can do the same with music and movies if you ask me . 
  edit : some more . 
  mark twain and his huckleberry finn , a sherlock holmes book , the raven by edgar allen poe , the brothers grimm , alice in wonderland . 
  sounds like you got it all covered  . 
  if your goal is to increase your intellectual base , i suggest watching movies , listening to music and read on art aswell . 
  you focus alot on books but its great to be able to talk about music and movies aswell . 
  if you want to know a list , check out the imdb top 250 . 
  i would not say that i have seen them all , but certainly alot movies that i would not have seen otherwise , like kill bill !, 
  speaking of artbooks , ernest gombrich has written some very good ones , the story of art is definetly a good read . 
  i have read it myself aswell and it is fun to recognise styles and themes of buildings and paintings . 
  if you want to learn about art and especially the theme 's in christian art , i suggest reading matthew or perhaps luke . 
  yeah mostly the translator or editor does the annotations to make sure readers understand the context of the book better . 
  describing persons and events . 
  my copy of dante 's divina commedia has the same . 
  otherwise it is impossible to understand all the symbolism , persons , events and allegories . 
  most likely the translator or editor himself did not cover or understand all either . 
  overal the french did not do bad , but after the franco-pruissian war of 1871 the french were in demise . 
  its a zelda shrine !, 
  i agree with megazambam , that you have to define your question better . 
  but i might have an answer on two aspects of the decline of the islamic golden age . 
  i do not really know alot about this topic , or what specifically happend in the islamic world , but i might be able to explain about it . 
  the islamic golden age was for a large part based on knowlegde from the antiquity , and from their own research and thinking . 
  you have to realise that in this proces of writing , inventing and researching , authors of days long gone by get a form of authority . 
  to attack the ideas these authors presented , is a form of heresy . 
  i think that this happend in the islamic world , but it also happend in christian europe for a long time . 
  you can say that for some part the islamic golden age ended because of a stiff form of conservatism . 
  also , the european world expanded in the 11th and 12 centry . 
  many inventions made population growth , the rise of cities and the reforming of church and state possible . 
  this expansion was based on a new economy where trade and population growth grew . 
  because of this new economy and population growth the european world simply managed to catch up with the islamic world , and continued their advancement , where progress in the islamic world stopped . 
  its not really a ver good explanation , but i hope it helps . 
  when the renaissance started is a much debated issue and heavily depends on interpretation of the facts . 
  i dont really know if the fall of constantinople let to an exodus of teachers and learned people , but the proces that we call the renaissance was already set in motion before 1453 . 
  the renaissance is a period or program where people of the late middle ages used the antiquity as a rolemodel for their own time . 
  the western european world saw little this before in the 9th , 10 and 12th century .
