  i dont think that you should think of countries defining borders , but more of borders that define a country . 
  a country is a geographical outlined piece of land with an sovereign government . 
  this proces of borders defining countries is from all times . 
  though this picture is nice , its forged beyond recognition !, 
  i read a theory that somewhere inside the old crypts of winterfell the real lightbringer lays hidden . 
  perhaps on the statue of brandon the builder ? 
  it might be the source of the warm pools in winterfell , as lightbringer was not only a sword of light but also a hot , burning sword radiating heat . 
  nah italy changed sides in 1915 , not before the war . 
  is it true that the middle class is losing out in many countries ? 
  or only the us ? 
  the new president of france is a socialist , currently in the netherlands the leftist parties are doing well in the polls and im not sure if merkel her party/coalition will win the german elections . 
  i dont think that the middle class is losing out . 
  and talking about an upheaval , we already have one , 
  i fail to see how history of the last 20 years is not history . 
  i mean , history is so much more then just facts of the past . 
  besides the other questions is not that stalin wanted to conquer whole europe or something like that . 
  stalin wanted a cordon sanitaire for the su , not to fight again . 
  stalin was not that agressive or skeptive of the west in 1945 as he would later become . 
  the allied forces , including the su , achieved their goal with defeating the germans in 1945 . 
  stalin did not want more then that ( plus said cordon sanitaire ) . 
  after potsdam and perhaps paris the us and the su polarized . 
  well democracy in athens is not the same way as we would define democracy . 
  democracy in the polis athens meant that only the male citizens of athens ( born in athens ) above a certain age had the right to vote in the ekklesia or assembly . 
  going to the assembly , either to vote upon a matter or just attend a gathering meant the loss of a days work . 
  this meant that only the richer part of the population could vote , or those living close near or in athens . 
  that means that a large part of the citizens could not attend a meeting very often . 
  besides that a large portion of the people in athens were excluded . 
  woman , foreigners , slaves were not allowed to vote in the assembly . 
  so the democracy of athens differs creatly from our democracy . 
  another major thing is that the democratic revolutions in europe did not resemble athens democracy or the way it developed . 
  someone else will have to explain this . 
  but overal , your title suggest that democracy in athens was important for the emergence of democracy in europe , but it was not . 
  thats why people regard athens as a democracy , but it was not the same democracy as we have . 
  remember , democracy is a greek word , but athenean democracy and modern democracy are different things . 
  turns out your correct :, 
  ( dont know if someone posted this yet ! ), 
  dont we associate the heart as an organ with the symbol of love , an heart ? 
  its mostly to ensure a balance of power in especially europe or between european countries . 
  for example , even though the dutch republic did not fight against napeleonic france , the dutch republic was merged with belgium and luxemburg as a cordon sanitaire against france , and would continue as the kingdom holland . 
  holland was set up as a stronger nation against france to preserve peace and check france expansion drift . 
  the different side of the coin is your example . 
  if certain countries became to powerfull other countries would form a coalition versus the first one . 
  to prevent that from happening it was possible that certain victors gave away area 's to prevent this from happening . 
  ps : i dont know why it happend in your example though . 
  this might also have to do with world war ii . 
  many major german factories where split up in smaller ones , but i do not know alot about this . 
  doesnt leo mean lion aswell ? 
  latinised names . 
  thank you for this one , 
  i partly agree with alphawolf29 . 
  its difficult to say what book has influenced the world more then another . 
  i like to believe that there is a proces of emergence in ( world ) history in which we can not say that one part is more important then another , or that the whole of history as we know it would be the same without a certain part - or book . 
  besides that its difficult to measure influence of books . 
  for example , the bible ( and many other books ) greatly influenced writers like dante and petrarca , who 's work influenced humanism and the renaissance . 
  without, 
  now , speaking about the 20th century , i think you should think of books like mein kampf , the little red book or quotations from chairman mao . 
  or perhaps even orwell , many students read his books ( animal farm and 1984 ) and are influenced by it . 
  and the romans did pretty much the same !, 
  you are correct about your conflict of nomad and agricultural society . 
  this is also displayed in the old testament with the cain and abel . 
  cain was a crop farmer , abel a shepherd . 
  like drinkredstripe2 said , it suggests the pericope may have been based on a sumerian story representing the conflict between nomadic shepherds and settled farmers ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cain_and_abel#cite_note-7 ) . 
  dont forget that agriculture gave alot to humanity , but also makes humans dependable upon it , way more then gathering and hunting did . 
  it allowed the number of humans and society as a whole to grow , but also the dependency . 
  a sickness would mean starvation and death , longterm famine might lead to the fall of a civilization , etc. 
  personally i 'm not a fan of theories like yours . 
  somehow i thik of theories like this as wishfull thinking , as trying to read really carefully to find something what might not be even there . 
  but perhaps you should look for a subreddit about theology where people might know more about this !, 
  napoleon took over control of the french government in 1799 . 
  he succeeded the directoire and formed the consulate with himself as first consul . 
  he managed to rise to that position because of the imminent threat neighbouring countries were to france . 
  france was at war with many different european countries and the directoire could not protect france . 
  napoleon however , defeated the prussians and the austrians . 
  you can claim that he took control over france because he wanted to protect it . 
  what napoleon did when he was in charge of france was to make sure that the revolution was protected . 
  his actions were a kind of compromise between the old and the new . 
  napoleon tried to prevent the return of both the bourbon monarchy and to prevent the return of the extreme or democratic revolutionaires ( roberspierre kind of revolution ) , while in the mean time preserving the main goals of the revolution . 
  those were an end to feudalism ( liberty ) , equal rights for all and to unite france ( among with many others ) . 
  many people in and outside france hoped that napoleon would continue or atleast spread the revolution over europe . 
  old regime ( feudalism , serfdom , priviliges of clerics and nobility ) conditions existed everywhere in europe . 
  when the french revolution and the wars following it broke out there was therefore much sympathy for the french , especially among the middle classes all over europe . 
  the message of liberity , equality and fraternity was warmly received . 
  french armies found supporters all over europe , among the belgians , dutch , italians and rhineland germans . 
  those people generally wanted to use the french for their own purpose against their own old regimes . 
  however , the many wars napoleon fought to ensure his power and dominion over europe worked against him and napoleon lost support of many people inside and outside france . 
  napoleon was populair in france because he managed to end the violence and the wars . 
  however , its not that people hated him or despised him , however some would see him as a tyrant . 
  opponents saw him as revolutionary , others revered him . 
  goethe once called napoleon ` the expression of all that was reasonable , legitimate and european in the revolutionary movement ' . 
  this depends on who you ask !, 
  many will think him a hero , many others a villian . 
  whatever he might be , he most certainly is a cult-hero . 
  i doubt i understand what you are trying to say , let me know if i dont . 
  but ` federal ' in federal republic of germany means one federal state of germans living in one state , germany . 
  germany exists since 1871 , but before that the germans lived in many independent states in central europe , germany was a confederation , now its a federation.the same goes for the old federal republic of yugoslavia . 
  besides that , both merkel and the social democrats in germany are pro-european integration . 
  another theory is that when the chinese wall was being build and china emerged as an empire it was strong enough to repel the raiders who came from the steppes . 
  those horseman were turned away , and they turned westwards , towards europe , driving before them all kinds of other people and tribes , slavs , goths , etc.they eventually clashed with the romans when they met the roman limes . 
  fuck everything about tonights game . 
  personally , i think that our attackers should have scored more .
