this might not be true . 
  i remember that when method transferred away from sylvanas to xavius eu , they got both deaths demise and grand crusader on the same reset or the one after they transferred . 
  it was something with free transfers from certain realms to the other realm . 
  you have to realise that before we had electrical light , alot people simply could not do anything indoors or outside without bringing or creating alternative light like torches or hearthfires . 
  because it would become dark outside and thus also inside , people would simply go to bed when it went dark and you would wake up when the sun rose again . 
  you have probably slept enough from dusk to dawn , especially in the winters . 
  the moment of praying inside the monastries were based upon this system . 
  hours were counted from sunrise to sunset . 
  lets say that if the sun rose at 4.30 , the first prayer , the lauds were about to start a bit later . 
  someone would have to stay up and wake up all of the monks and get them into prayer . 
  generally , the systems of counting hours were most inreliable , examples were :, 
  - the sundial, 
  - the big churchclock in the town and the outlying surrounds of the town , were people could here the bells tolling . 
  - an hourglass for the shorter moments . 
  - a waterclock, 
  - fireclocks , by lack of better word . 
  think of candles . 
  did you try google books ? 
  rights and privileges of the church of st david 's gives a hit , though i did not look into the context of the book that was given as first hit . 
  though most people in the middle ages could not read , the monks certainly could . 
  beside the bible , they stupied and mostly copied ancient texts . 
  but besides feudality , agriculture and the crusades , the middel ages is also the period of serveral renaissance 's , the one most people know was the renaissance of 15th century is just one of them . 
  carolingian renaissance focussed , like the byzantiun renaissance and the islamic renaissance on the antiquity , and saw a revival of science , art , bookproduction ( copy ) and education . 
  the carolingian renaissance was instituted by carolingian court , i.e. 
  charlemagne , around 790 and lasted till about 900 . 
  alot more scrolls , documents and other writing then you can possibly imagen has survived the centuries between the middle ages and now and is available to us today . 
  the name , dark ages , comes from the people that came right after it , the people that lived in the renaissance that you mean . 
  the renaissance is in no way an end of the middle ages . 
  everything about it is based upon christianity , like the middle ages , and the renaissance continues on the old blueprints of the middle ages . 
  alot changed , but alot did not . 
  i am listening alot to podcasts or listening lectures made by the teaching company . 
  alot subjects are covered , though i can not say im a big fan of some of the speakers . 
  the subjects go from ` evolution ' to ` events that changed the world ' ` ideas that shaped mankind ' . 
  i did not listen to any of those you listed . 
  i think chivalry has alot to do with courtly habbits and courtly love . 
  think of lancelot and arthur . 
  lancelot has to behave like a knight towards his king , but also tries to win the hand and love of guineverre . 
  chivalry started to boom aswell after the crusades and with the fall of the knights and feudalism in the wars , especially the hunderdyears war . 
  the kings of the bigger nations - france and england especially - started to rely on footsoldiers and mercanies to fight their wars . 
  kings lost their need for knights , but in order to bind the aristocracy to their rule , they started with orders of chivalry , like order of the golden fleece , founded by philip iii van burgundy . 
  i agree with your last sentence though , and not with everything the author says . 
  alot about war , like the crusades , was about personal glory , gain and salvation . 
  i agree with 1337_n00b . 
  what if questions are perhaps nice to think of , but they are not history . 
  what * if * the germans won the war ? 
  futurology might still happen , regardless of what already happend in the past . 
  with * if * questions you actually change history or the historical context of something . 
  you create your own history . 
  what happens in the future , might still happen , or it is something to strive for . 
  and why are you not the one to determine ? 
  who are and who are not ? 
  everyone can define for themselves what they think is history and what not . 
  for the elite that could read and write , the clerics and nobility , the question is an option ofcourse . 
  i think most learned that from the older monks who already knew how to read and write . 
  monks/priests were also teachers , besides preachers . 
  that way the system worked as our does . 
  you learn something from those who already know who it works and what to do . 
  but for most of the people indeed , reading and writing was not something they did . 
  rome did shrink alot though , in size and populationnumbers , but it managed to survive . 
  pope gregory the great was as much an earthly ruler as an ecclestial ruler . 
  the pope was mostly the ruler of the papal state , a state created by ofcourse popes , but also because of pippin iii , the father of charlemagne , who forced the longobards in 756 to give important cities around rome to papal authority . 
  it did indeed hurt the feelings of the byzantines , but they were in demise and could do nothing about it . 
  the great empire of justinian would never return while the carolingian kings were mighty kings , especially pippin iii , charlemagne and his son , lious the pious . 
  but then lious died in 840 , the great frankish empire was to be divided between lious his heirs , three sons . 
  the battled for three years till the treaty of verdun was signed in 843 . 
  the frankish empire/nation was devided between thos three . 
  lothar would get the west part , what would later be france . 
  lious the germain would get the eastern part , what would later be germany . 
  the middle kingdom would be the reason for war between west and east . 
  it contained rome aswell . 
  but both frankish kingdoms would fall apart because of the invasions of the vikings and the magyars . 
  it was in 955 that otto i would triumph over the magyars , stopping their invasion , and reuniting the eastern frankish kingdom again . 
  in 962 he was crowned emperor . 
  not soon afterwards the eastern half would become the holy roman empire , in which influencesphere the papal state would lie aswell . 
  its difficult to say that rome was forced into the holy roman empire . 
  the pope was not just the ruler of the church , but also an important figure . 
  when he crowned charlemagne the pope got a new job , that of emperor-maker . 
  the papal state needed the frankish support , it was surrounded by many other powers . 
  the frankish kings also needed ecclestical support . 
  it was a win-win situation for both , that the carolingians defeated the longobards , and that the carolingians got papal support . 
  you could say that rome/the papal state would become part of the frankish and later the holy roman empire . 
  because the middle ages and later on the renaissance and perhaps other periods aswell embraced the antiquity . 
  if im correct , they were not . 
  only people that lived in what is today italy gained full citizenship after a long political strife . 
  all inhabitans of rome gained citizenship , especially the plebs , who fought long and hard for this . 
  with the allied or social war in 91-88 bc . 
  all allied factions inside italy gained latin citizenship aswell . 
  it would be to 212 that emperor caracalla granted roman citizenship to all inhabitands of the roman empire , for both political but mainly economic reasons . 
  full-citizens had to pay more tax . 
  slaves could be granted freedom , of buy it themselves from their masters . 
  their offspring would get roman citizenship . 
  the roman empire knew many greek slaves , mainly as artist and teachers . 
  the roman world embraced the greek world after it conquered it . 
  many greeks were transported to italy because of this , as slaves . 
  but the culture followed them aswell . 
  the roman and greek world merged with eachother , making the ancient world the roman-greek world . 
  had the romans , lets say , embraced the phoenician world , then the ancient world would have different roots , the roman-phoenician . 
  but thats more hypothecical . 
  sold this one once for 500g or something like that . 
  not alot more .
