  france lost newfoundland and acadia to the english . 
  england also gained gibraltar and menorca from spain , together with the asiento . 
  the austrian habsburg gained some italian cities and duchy 's . 
  pictures like this are fun to see . 
  the people back then thought of new inventions but did not place them out of their own time . 
  perhaps the origin of a pyrrhic victory . 
  king pyrrhus of epirus won many battles against the romans but could never make good use of them . 
  in the end he lost the war against the romans because the romans , even though they sustained many casualties , had more resources then pyrrhus . 
  i do not like point 2 . 
  i am in university myself , i dont have an expertise yet , but that does not mean that my answers are just interpretations . 
  someone suggested about tags for posters without an expertise , which i think is stupid . 
  i do not think we have need for this stratification in / r/askhistorians . 
  the tag system is nice to recognize certain area 's , but to tag those that do not have an expertise is stupid . 
  i think you should encourage none-historians to post answers aswell , instead of only those that have a phd or whatever . 
  besides that perhaps its nice to have a list of other history/scientific subreddits aswell . 
  a link to / r/history , / r/anthropology , etc. 
  read the books !, 
  you wont find a answer for that question on this subreddit . 
  the idea of advancement throughout the ages ( we are more advanced then the people in medieval times are ) and a civilization surpassing another one is a-historical thinking . 
  throughout the ages , many people saw their own civilization or era as a period better then a period that came before them . 
  those living in the renaissance saw themselves better then the period before them , the medieval period , but not better then the antiquity . 
  in the early modern period this idea changed though , and people thought they could surpass the ancients , or the roman/greek civilization . 
  however , historism , our current way of viewing the past , tells us that we should look at the past as secondary observers . 
  we observe the observations that the people back then made , and do not judge on those observations and people as being retarded in comparison with ourself . 
  edit : perhaps my answer does not completely match the question , but i hope it will do !, 
  well i dont really know about this , but many relics of wwii will be in musea . 
  i do not think you will be able to collect many pieces unless you are able to buy them , which will most likely costs alot of money . 
  the direwolf and stag killed eachother , as did robert and ned in the book , not with swords , but their actions . 
  the only reason that torres scored is that he was to lazy to run back and defend , as drogba did the whole game , and lucky that he got the ball right in his feet while watching his teammates defend their goal . 
  well congrats to torres on finally getting a goal !, 
  im also happy that chelsea won though !, 
  dont worry !, 
  and the wolf killed the stag . 
  the house of stark killed the house of baratheon and the house of baratheon the house of stark . 
  while i do not know for sure what will be the truth , i do know that tywin and joanna were cousins . 
  tyrion is an imp , has a black eye , etc. 
  they are the signs of incest . 
  jaime and cersei are completely different , handsome , tall , no signs of incest at all . 
  another thing is that jaime , especially in the later books , after losing his hand and the journey he made with brienne , starts to show signs of pure chivalry , like rhaegar . 
  cersei though , starts to resemble aerys and viserion . 
  mad , obsessed with fire . 
  and during the siege of riverrun , jaime got told by his aunt that tyrion is the true son of tywin lannister , not jaime . 
  because austria , the austrian empire , did not want to be part of germany because austria would loose the non-german lands they possessed . 
  northren italy , hungary , etc , were not part of the german-speaking countries . 
  for austria , to join with the other german states would mean a major loss of influence and power . 
  though it may sound very strange to many of the / r/askhistorians subscribers , many people do not enjoy history . 
  but they do like a good story or a good movie , like the da vinci code , or the name of the rose , or perhaps das leben der anderen . 
  many people like to read books , or otherwise watch a movie . 
  i think you should look as historical fiction a way in which authors are trying to recreate an era years ago , recreating how these people thought , how they reacted , what they used to eat and drink , what they did . 
  the story , the events however , are made up . 
  and thats just fine for me . 
  i dont think you should care to much about things like this , because many people do not like history , but they like a good story . 
  perhaps , after a good story they might read another good story , and after that a history book !, 
  overal , i do not believe that historians should walk around trying to correct others on their ideas about the past , or their misconceptions . 
  i think historians should explain situations when they have to or use their skills while working , but besides that ? 
  no i do not think you , as an historian , should bore other people with things they dont like , unless ofcourse , you are a history teacher , 
  this man is correct with this fellow dutchman !!, 
  it also depended where you lived . 
  serfdom in east-europe ( europe east of the elbe river ) was stricter then serfdom in western europe . 
  a major factor was the rise of cities in western-europe . 
  cities meant a way to freedom . 
  in the east only a few cities existed . 
  going on in the early modern period this tendency continued . 
  serfdom slowly came to an end in the west , but in the east , especially in russia , farmers were nothing more then slaves . 
  error margins are quite small on . 
  its fine to read as an introduction , but dont quote from it . 
  i think you are wrong to say that one major event is more significant then another . 
  our world would not be the same without the discovery of the america 's ( either by columbus or another person ) . 
  it would not be the same without the industrial revolution , nor without the french revolution , nor without the influence of many of the ideologies , etc. 
  the way our world develops is a proces of evolution , taking many events and generations to get where we are now . 
  its a form of emergence . 
  we can not split up the whole ( our world ) in serveral parts ( nationalism , world war , etc. ), 
  and pick out a part which was the most important or had more influence then something else . 
  well generally , what economics are trying to do ( as many ( political ) scientists ) , is trying to simplify the world into models . 
  ofcourse you can never make proper models , because the world is never that simple . 
  economics will never agree upon the definition of economics , nor will they always be able to predict what will happen . 
  ofcourse economics are right sometimes , but it mostly depends on the scale of things , on the situation and on the question asked . 
  calculating price elasticity is way easier then answering what will be the consequences of the fall of the eu . 
  we can guess , but we will never be able to grasp all the consequences . 
  i do believe that its important that economics are trying to categorize the economic system . 
  contemporary economics will i think never be able to tell how it precisely works . 
  but that does not mean that they are the only one . 
  political scientists are also not able to grasp everything that happens , nor historians , nor philosophers , etc. 
  hope it helps . 
  and they lived happily ever after !, 
  i believe they all existed . 
  however , their message throughout the ages has been adopted and changed many times in what we now know as buddhism , christianity and islam . 
  their message is the one you should question . 
  does nirwana exist and can we achieve that ? 
  does god exist ? 
  is there a heaven ? 
  or perhaps hell ? 
  you can also read a history of the modern world by palmer , colton and kramer !, 
  the donatio constantini is a dcoument like that . 
  a monk forged in the 7th or 8th century a document which claimed that constantine gave the western roman empire to pope sylvester i. lorenzo valla , a humanist revealed it as a forgery after comparing its latin with that of the latin of the 4th century , which was obviously different . 
  it undermined the pope 's authority and the claim that popes also have worldly power over western-europe or christianitas . 
  here in the netherlands we have the so called coma-zuipen . 
  drinking so much till you blackout ( get into a coma ) . 
  the high crimerates , obesity , inequality between the rich and the poor , huge ghetto 's in major cities , warmongering of many political leaders , the very big and active lobby groups are just a few things what i think is wrong with the usa . 
  love the music !,
