  soon , the bear was dead . 
  without having to worry about the bear , the eagle did n't really need such big muscles any more . 
  but he was so used to lifting weights that he found it hard to stop . 
  and he was so used to thinking about fighting that he kept coming up with excuses to start fights with the smaller animals . 
  some of the smaller animals thought that just because the eagle was the only giant animal left in the forest , that did n't mean he had to be such a freaking jerk the whole time . 
  not claiming any credit !, 
  anyway ( its difficult for me to answer this properly in english ) , the end of the cold war meant that the usa was the only superpower left in the world . 
  europe was not a major economic power yet , china still trying to manifest itself . 
  it was a time when the us was the superpower and the temptation to practice a unilateral politic proved to hard to resist in the 1990s . 
  the usa started to play the world police officer . 
  bush himself proclaimed a new world order , a new age had dawned were the sovjet union would not longer stop the usa in the un security council . 
  though in the beginning the usa would try to get broad international support ( gulfwar ) , in later years the usa would follow a unilateral policy . 
  reasons were the failing un missions in the 1990s , the inefficency of the un and the attitude of many un members towards israel . 
  ofcourse , when 9/11 happend bush would continue this unilateral attitude even more . 
  a war on terror was announced , though many people did not know what kind of war this should be . 
  us government did not care about the opinions of other governments and after afghanistan an invasion of iraq followed . 
  without doubt that others can make this more clear . 
  its all nice if the average income of america remains at $ 40,000 a year , how many people life below poverty line ? 
  without doubt that this $ 40,000 a higher average then in many countries even in europe , but compared to eachother , where do you think more people live in poverty , the us or europe ? 
  i dont live in the usa myself , but my personal opinion is that the usa is certainly going in the wrong direction if you look at what is happening in america . 
  many zionists wished a country for themselves , they wanted to form a nation for the jewish people . 
  even before the second world war they looked for places to settle . 
  if i remember correctly theodor herzl proposed a jewish state in todays uganda and suriname proposed the jews to live within its borders , but that never happend . 
  why i also dont remember correctly , but i thought it was with the zionists wanting to settle in the holy land . 
  `` the holy roman empire , '' quipped voltaire , was `` neither holy , nor roman , nor an empire '' !, 
  the name was more an invention to legitimate the emperors as emperors , like the old caesars were in the roman empire . 
  arent recent and current two different things ? 
  recent as in past and current as in now ? 
  past actual events ? 
  so what are you trying to prove now ? 
  it matters little if the franks used to be old subjects of the roman empire . 
  like many other tribes and families , they all fought for power . 
  warlords like chlodowech or clovis battled with eachother . 
  the frankish ruled by clovis proved to be the most succesfull and conquered many other tribes , like the burgundy , and became a heerkonige or greatking ( bad translation ) . 
  frankish rule different greatly from roman rule . 
  no centralized government , no codified laws , no paid officials . 
  we know where the name of the hre came from , but it was not roman , nor holy ( large parts were not catholic ) , nor an empire , because the emperor , especially after the peace of westphalia in 1648 had little authority over the many german princes . 
  each one of them was sovereign , imperial power could not be exercised in the hre . 
  just because you question the , according to you , eurocentric definition of an empire , does not make the hre an empire !, 
  ah , the questioning of the establishment . 
  well thats something for sure . 
  i dont really understand what you mean to say with : `` the linear `` order from chaos '' , instead of what it appears to be , which is an `` efficient adaption to circumstances '' which has no final endpoint or moral lesson to teach , as most mainstream history tries to do . '', 
  again , what are you trying to prove ? 
  you really puzzle me with these statements . 
  of all the history books i read so far i never met that narrative you speak of that supports the linear `` order from chaos '' . 
  or that it begins with once upon a time human beings lived in darkness , but now we live in the light !, 
  you know right , that the profession of historians is to write history 's about history ? 
  find a better author , one that writes with a different point of view . 
  a fine example is the french kingdom of the 17th and 18th century . 
  a few french kings have had regents . 
  louis xiii his regent was cardinal richelieu , louis xiv his regent was cardinal mazarin . 
  louis xv was only five when he inherited the french throne . 
  the duke of orleans was his regent . 
  all three of them became a king , though not all kings are all succesfull . 
  big fan here !, 
  when i was about to switch ( drop out on ) my education i wanted to finish one last paper on dante , though i did not need to . 
  i worked really hard on it and i got a 9 out of a 10 , which ofcourse made me very proud . 
  now im doing another education and i can not use the credits i got on that paper , but im still glad i did it . 
  as someone who used to hardcore play in battlegrounds , people wishing luck like this or saying hello always made me feel like im doing a dungeon . 
  im in a battleground to kill hordes , not for smalltalk . 
  there is also the more political field as what happend in the early modern period , though i dont know how easily you can export them if you ever get to be transported to medieval times . 
  but the idea of forming a state , where everyone lives under the same rules , codification of laws . 
  trying to get rid of traffic taxes to stimulate your economy , mercantilism . 
  fund an expedition to other countries and continents . 
  try to reform the catholic religion ( might be very dangerous !!, 
  i do not know this for sure , but might be that on some congress the lands were divided between colonial powers , just like happend in africa , which also have many straight borders . 
  so now you want other redditors to give their answers and compare them ? 
  a minor problem with your terms is that you can most likely write whole books about one alone . 
  if you want to gain some additional information i suggest you read up on them on wikipedia or google them . 
  im not an american but most likely yes , a university bachelor grade will do . 
  while doing a bachelor in the netherlands you will do everything , from antiquity to modern times . 
  there is not really a need to specify , as you will most likely not specify one area while teaching . 
  they would view the asian people ( muslims mostly ) as barbaric and saw their own world as superiour , because it was the christian world/society , christianitas . 
  they other world did not below to the christianitas , they were different . 
  the muslims and other people 's were the other , the europeans defined their own world as different when looking at the muslim world . 
  polen was spared mostly because it was not intertwined with the european trade system like the other area 's were . 
  by trail and error and what other peoples told them they could eat , exchanging ideas , knowlegde and experiences . 
  blizzard trying to dodge a bullit !, 
  can i ask you why you want certain groups to introduce some much-needed culture into our day to day ? 
  what are people missing now what people had back then ? 
  you can also try this one , though it is not voted . 
  try getting 100.000 honor kills . 
  after that ? 
  250.000 honor kills !, 
  well here in the netherlands the dutch sea dogs took on 1 april den briel in 1572 during the eighty years war . 
  it meant the first military succes for the dutch rebellion versus their landlord , filips ii of spain . 
  however , its common misconception that the april 1st joke founds in origination in that dutch succes , though many dutch people believe that . 
  however , i do not know why we try to make people look like fools on april first , but perhaps this helps : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/april_fools%27_day, 
  perhaps its the shock !, 
  after 5 years of english on havo level ( 5 years ago !, 
  ) , i think my english is pretty good and actually much better then many other people in the netherlands . 
  i study history , its not like im studying english . 
  now , i do agree that i should have read that post again , but hey , i do not have 10 hours of leisure time a day to work on my english . 
  however , i plan to study the german language this summer break for fun , not to write a thesis in german . 
  france did not win the spanish succession war . 
  the plan of louis xiv was to gain the spanish throne for himself , in which he failed . 
  his grandson , philip , inherited the throne , as was part of the will of the last spanish habsburg king , charles ii . 
  the spanish succesion war was fought to prevent louis xiv claiming this throne himself . 
  a great alliance forged by william of holland , steward of holland and later king william iii of england stopped louis xiv . 
  with the signing of the treaty of utrecht in 1713 france actually lost , the plans of louis xiv to become a universal monarch failed , though his grandson did inherit the spanish throne and most of its holdings .
