  i accepted it and made it a puppit without paying alot of attention to were it was . 
  a few turns later i decided to check out the city . 
  turned out it was on a narrow piece of land that slipt up two landmassa 's , with on both sides of my new aquired city water , between the english empire and the indian empire . 
  one one side i had gandhi 's capital , on the other side an english town that once belonged to gandhi . 
  turned out that in his desperation gandhi gave away one of his cities to halt the english advance . 
  pretty clever imo because it worked . 
  when i found out about this i decided to give the city to britain , but before anything happend the game ended . 
  actually , the dutch traded it with the british . 
  i believe there is also a pet battler npc with a black dragon pet . 
  plus the world wonder . 
  yeah and they reset the dungeon , use bubble to not get killed , and run in . 
  the mobs killed him :p, 
  what you should try to do is just try to broaden your ` common ' knowledge . 
  knowledge about books , movies , music , tv shows perhaps ( though im not into this myself ) . 
  you should strife for the ability to converse with people about many different things . 
  watch a movie that everyone knows , read a book that everyone read . 
  just to be able to converse with people , understand what they are talking about , understand jokes , etc. 
  many jokes , stories and laughter ( i can laugh with my friends for a while about cool scenes in many movies we saw ) are based or refer to books , movies , etc. 
  you should check out :, 
  i should not suggest reading all those books or seeing all those movies . 
  you might not like alot of them , thats just personal . 
  for example , lord of the rings is a very slow read . 
  the story might be great , but tolkien will take ages about stuff that does not really advance the story or matter to the story . 
  you might not like it because of that . 
  however , if you are able to read 10 of those books before the 2013 is gone , well thats a great start . 
  same counts for the movies . 
  django unchained is a great movie , but tarantino has made many more awesome movies . 
  why not check out one or two of those aswell ? 
  another example : i saw django unchained last week , and so did many others . 
  its great to talk with those about the movie if you meet them during a break or in class . 
  you can easily download many movies , so why not do it ? 
  if you have time , try to watch one or two each month . 
  dont rush it , no need for that . 
  try to enjoy it . 
  dont like the movie ? 
  dont watch it . 
  music is not different in this . 
  listen to the radio , or download music ( rolling stones , pink floyd , etc. ) . 
  besides this , try to pay attention to what happens in the news . 
  read a paper or browse online newssources . 
  check out r/rworldnews , but never forget to read the comments aswell . 
  most articles just suck . 
  hope it helps , any questions ? 
  feel free to ask . 
  awesome lecture this is . 
  on king too the ai starts with an extra set of warriors . 
  been playing alot duelmaps with many ais on it on king , they all had an extra warrior . 
  start reading books !, 
  out of curiousity , why dont you just respec to retribution for a few levels ? 
  everyone will flood the market with ore tomorrow , dont expect this to happen . 
  same on sylvanas eu . 
  people just start fighting when he spawns , enough tanks and healers nearby anyway . 
  i dont think it matters alot if kerrigan and arthas are kind of the same character . 
  look at harry potter , his story is like many others . 
  that of the outcast becoming the main hero of a world he did not know before . 
  the hero that will beat evil in the end . 
  however , the way it is told does matter alot though , and blizzard can try to improve that . 
  i suggest you try out a few runs to go for bronze . 
  if your group is good enough then you can always step up . 
  it might be tough the first few runs but if you can get your friends to focus on this and their classes they will really get better at playing . 
  try openraid.us or openraid.eu . 
  if you cant find a group then make one yourself . 
  go for bronze first if needed . 
  can always go for the other medals later . 
  this is bullcrap !, 
  my guildies got server first all gold with a group consisting of a retribution paladin , two rogues , a feral tank and resto shaman . 
  yes . 
  i really like my disc priest over my paladin , but if you want to level up fast , go for a monk . 
  damn the light . 
  i typed a damn long answer and then accidently closed the window . 
  anyway , yes , you will need to do all previous chapters before you can continue in tot . 
  so you will need to get a 20 sigils and kill sha of fear ( lfr is fine ) , then gather 6000 valor points and win two battlegrounds . 
  after completing that you can do chapter iii . 
  i do not believe you have to grind your reputation along with the chapters , nor complete the shieldwall questlines . 
  yes you need to acquire it . 
  so if your capped it will take you 7 resets . 
  this is a good change for my priest , now i can go holy on her aswell . 
  for my paladin this will be a pain , because getting a prot set will be an overkill for my bags . 
  i had the same kind of angst as you do . 
  thinking you will waste your time because you will keep wiping in one dungeon . 
  like others said , the trick is 1 . ), 
  to get a good group together and 2 . ), 
  to know how you should play your class . 
  im on 4/9 now , i did three of them yesterday and tbh , they were easier then i expected them to be . 
  like other said before , you have to know how to play and to expect what will happen . 
  example , if you dont know that the first boss in siege of niuzao will have a massive aoe hit , then you will face some problems . 
  if everyone in your group know what will happen then you will be able to do this without alot problems . 
  as being said , find guides and stuff that will help you . 
  buy flasks , food , damage potions , but also mana potions if you heal . 
  but besides that , they are intense and difficult , but fun and rewarding . 
  it will make you a better player when you are done . 
  you have to play well and race against the clock . 
  you will practise moving and doing your rotation at the same time . 
  the difficulty forces you to optimize your skill . 
  good luck . 
  you have no idea how this change will turn out . 
  with 40 % resilience it already takes a decent amount of time to kill someone who is in pve gear , while you are aswell . 
  65 % resillience will only make this more difficult . 
  pvp gear will have pvp power , making sure that players will go down quite fast in comparising with someone fighting in pve gear . 
  howtopriest.com is a great site for everything you need to learn about your priest .
