  damn those opportunities . 
  it was netherlands-denmark all over . 
  fml, 
  i also like the quest of i think the kobolds in westfall breaking their chains and rise up . 
  a reference to the communist manifesto by marx . 
  im not an expert or anything but if you are running towards a formation of pikes you , as the first man , will probably not want to run straight in them . 
  you , however , can not stop because of all the hordes behind you pushing you forward . 
  just an idea . 
  i really enjoyed the massive fights in the wintergrasp keep . 
  it was about storming a wall , a castle , a keep , 100 people outside , 100 people inside and just fight and kill eachother . 
  tol barad with three smaller bases was not for me . 
  i hoped we would see another battleground like wintergrasp , so yes im sad :(, 
  charlemagne and his son louis the pious were the last emperors that ruled over a united frankish empire . 
  frankish custom made it so that heritage of a dead father was split between his sons . 
  so the three sons of louis divided the empire in three parts with the treaty of verdun in 843 after a civil war had raged for three years . 
  lothair became emperor and claimed the middle-empire . 
  louis the german in bavaria or the eastern part , and charles the bald in aquitaine or the western part . 
  middle-francia did not last long however , and was contest by both the east-franks and the west-franks . 
  however , the east and west parts lasted longer ( a few centuries ) , but eventually could not resist outside pressure of the vikings and magyars . 
  central control crumbled and regional leaders grew in power . 
  this happend in both the western part as the eastern part , where new dynasties came into power . 
  with the fall of franks the western part and the eastern part were divided forever and came to be as france and germany . 
  indeed , my professor argued that everything that happend before the present is history . 
  kodutta7 already supplied the answer . 
  besides that , its for the best if you do not browse this subreddit before you finished reading all the books . 
  spoilers everywhere !, 
  and then your first rare a lvl55 1h weapon with 155 dps , 
  jon and val and sansa and aegon !, 
  reek , it rhymes with * freak *, 
  ` you know nothing , jon snow ' , melissandre saying this to jon snow in adwd . 
  i am the only one in my area who reads these books , so no this never bothered me , 
  why would it be lame ? 
  the dothraki sea ran dry with the dying of the grass !, 
  and the sun rose in the west and set in the east . 
  perhaps it makes sence !, 
  aegon the unworthy !, 
  indeed they do . 
  there was a massive outcry on the pvp subforums in both the us and the eu but it did not help . 
  sad . 
  i really love playing my paladin , but one thing that holds me back is that so many people play one !, 
  another major thing is , especially in wwii , that many european people sided with the germans , which made it possible they could control a big part of europe . 
  think of the vichy-regime , bulgaria , but also many individual collaborators in countries like the netherlands and belgium which made occupation easy for the germans . 
  well i do not know alot about the portuguese or this earthquake , but before the 18th century the portuguese decline was already set in motion , together with spanish . 
  countries like the low countries , france and england would dominate the 17th century . 
  in the 18th century the low countries were in decline themself , but austria-hungary , prussia and russia would join france and england . 
  great explanation . 
  but can you explain why its possible that jaqen is locked in the dungeons and set on transport to the wall , while daenerys her dragons hatched only a few chapters ( days ) before that ? 
  its not that he could have known about those dragons before they hatched in the middle of nowhere . 
  well again , that happens later on in the books . 
  the timeline does not fit !, 
  i think you are on the right track here . 
  farm collectivization in russia went with many problems . 
  you can say that a major part of the farmers got better because of it , but many farmers lost aswell . 
  many farmers lost their lands , livestock and tools when everything was collectivised in russia ( and probarbly in china aswell ) , which infuriated them and made them join the whites , instead of fighting for the reds . 
  yes the us is a european civilization to some extend . 
  it shares many of the european values and aspects , like you listed . 
  for a long time in modern history europe was the dominant factor in the world . 
  however , after world war 1 europe lost that position to the us , which would take on the leading role in the world , a position it still has . 
  i think there is a difference between european culturele and american culture today , but they share the same roots and the same aspects ( rationalism , humanism , democracy , etc ) . 
  and jeyne 's !, 
  the term holocaust originates in the united states . 
  in the 1970 's a tv-show aired with the name holocaust . 
  that name became the common name for the jewish genocide in wwii . 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  its not less true . 
  the name holocaust is first heard in this tv show that aired in the us . 
  the holocaust was shunned in the decades before . 
  only with the coming with a new generation the holocaust became something to be discussed , something that had to be remembered , not forgot like the older generation tried ( in us , israel , germany ) - for various reasons . 
  the jews themselve dont use the word holocaust , they use shoa . 
  again , the word holocaust was used for the first time in this tv show , which made it the common term outside israel for the jewish genocide in world war ii . 
  no , he is stacking them to sell them for big money in mop , because everyone will want to buy pets . 
  yes !, 
  even in adwd the three eyed crow says to bran that he has a thousand eyes , and one !, 
  well it was the prussian royal family , the hohenzollern , that became the emperors of germany , so you are not that far off about the prussian rule . 
  another thing is that the austro war or the german war did not form the german empire . 
  after the german war the northern-german confederation was formed in 1866 . the southren-german states joined this confederation in 1870 with the franco-prussian war . 
  i think you should look at the definition of a state . 
  a state is an inhabited area with a sovereign government . 
  that means that the people living in an area are not controlled by other people of a neighbouring area ( the germans were not ruled by the french ) . 
  so , both the confederation and the empire are identical as a state , meaning the germans governed themselves . 
  how they govern is another question . 
  what is modern ? 
  from who 's perspective are you looking ? 
  how would you define a devil ? 
  someone will claim that another persons god is a devil . 
  indeed !, 
  jaime and cersei are more targaryen then tyrion . 
  insect , jaime as good looking and in the later books honorably as rhaegar , cersei 's obsession with fire , cersei going mad , like many targaryens !, 
  its a wild theory though . 
  not one killing the other , they both killed eachother !, 
   designed to allow the game to run on less powerful machines . 
  and thank the gods for that !, 
  there are serveral reasons for this and i will point out two of them . 
  the first one is about capetown/africa , the second one about indonesia . 
  the dutch lost many of their colonies in the great napoleonic wars that lasted roughly from 1795 to 1813 . 
  capetown was one of them . 
  the dutch republic ( or the kingdom of holland ) was a french ally fighting against the british . 
  the british conquered many dutch colonies like capetown , ceylon and also cut of indonesia . 
  after the congress of vienna in 1815 the dutch regained many of their colonies , but not capetown/south-africa . 
  the dutch people living there moved to the inlands , establishing transvaal and oranjevrijstaat .
