  probably at the inn . 
  there are also fishmen followers !, 
  through the inn . 
  though they are not that great , other followers do not have traits that have positive effects with jinyu followers . 
  you probably do n't understand why we raid hm . 
  the ogres are an old enemy of the orcs , who after us showing up decided to ally with the orcs . 
  the ogres once ruled a big empire which they made possible thanks to magic usage and the use of old , probably titan artifacts . 
  the ogres use titan stones like the thunder king harnessed the titan forge . 
  we need to take them down before we can attack the iron horde fullscale . 
  we first take down their allies in hm , afterwards the weapon factory in brf . 
  did he make it ? 
  i have people by shielding them from harm and giving them penance afterwards !, 
  arent drops fixed when you loot the item ? 
  if so , loot wont change after the patch . 
  i feel that blizzard is releasing less content now while trying to finish as much content for the next expansion as possible , instead of the other way round . 
  this way we have a bit of a drought now instead of at the end of the expansion , which is what people will remember . 
  blizzard has said multiply times now that atleast the artwork ( which takes the most time ) for their next expansion is almost down . 
  if so , we can hopefully expect more content at a quicker pace in a few months than now . 
  heey , thanks for doing this . 
  im interested in your ingame knowledge . 
  how do you enhance this and were do you learn more about classes in wow ? 
  is it possible to solo this fight ? 
  how about impregnator !, 
  in what battleground brankets do level experienced locked characters play ? 
  in their own or are they mixxed with leveling characters ? 
  level a character to level 5 . 
  on this wowheadpage you can find all the information you are after : http://www.wowhead.com/faction=1090/kirin-tor, 
  i think you will need to keep on dungeonrunning . 
  btw , to add some information to the replies here , there are a few helpful websites worth browsing that might help you out . 
  one of these is wowhead.com already listed , which is a big database for almost everything , quests , items , you name it , its there . 
  besides that , there is mmo-champion . com for wow-related news and wowprogress.com for guild progress recruitment on your realm . 
  icy-veins . com is the last website i am listing here . 
  this website contains many guides to classes , specs and raids . 
  good luck and have fun !, 
  actually in one way they are correct . 
  if you spend 20k gold on a token , which costs 20 dollars , then you just spend 20 dollars on gametime for that month , assuming that you could have used that gold to buy other things . 
  like fajeeta said :, 
   ok it seems that a lot of ppl are upset that there is some increase in game time sub to $ 20 . 
  that is not the case . 
  why would you buy a token for $ 20 and use it yourself for game time ??? 
  you would n't . 
  it is designed for exchange of gold . 
  but if others buy your token worth 20 dollars then they just spend 20 dollars on gametime . 
  how long does this take you ? 
  i agree this probably takes minimal effort but the time invested in doing this is what scares me away . 
  having four level hundreds with lvl 3 garrisons it takes me loads of time to redo everything everytime that i loose stamina to do other things ingame . 
  but ofcourse gold can be exchanged for real money , that is what goldsellers are doing . 
  goldsellers do not have to be bots or chinese farmers . 
  on my realm those who actively boosts cm 's for 300k gold sell this gold for real money . 
  there are probably others who do so too . 
  there are probably more ways of exchanging gold for money like this , but not paying 20 dollars for a month gametime through gold . 
  but you do n't have to do it in two weeks !, 
  voorbeelden zijn honours college trajecten en university colleges . 
  the view of the dutch regarding wilders is very bipolar . 
  latest elections in march i volunteered a lot , handing out flyers for a political party . 
  many people , even those of whom you would not expect it , said that they would vote for the pvv . 
  among these there were a lot people were not of dutch origin but of a skin colour that reminded me of peoples from the middle-east , regardless of their religion and if its even true . 
  hij is nice !, 
  get the glyph !, 
  this reminds me of the ayleids ruins in tesiv : oblivion . 
  usually in the distance you could spot some white towers or pillars or pinnacles up in the sky , a bit like the ruins in this picture . 
  they too would arch over a building . 
  getting closer there would be a dungeon with many creeps and a cool atmosphere . 
  you could say that saruman was offered pardon several times by gandalf and later on also frodo i believe . 
  everytime saruman refused though . 
  yes ofcourse , but there could have been more content possible than just raid tiers and the dailys in tanaan jungle . 
  i doubt this to be true , especially for me . 
  i have played wow for the last 8 or 9 years without problems , but now i dont feel there is an appeal for me to play anymore . 
  thats strange because even though mop lasted a very long time , i did not have the same feeling . 
  wod has to many daily chores ( the garrison really sucks on 4 lvl 100 's ) but besides that there is no incentive to play imo . 
  ofcourse there are the raids and the dungeons but why should i do that ? 
  i do n't feel there is a story around them that is worth playing . 
  i want to play for the story , the raids , dungeons and pvp will follow that . 
  now its just the bare game , the raids , the dungeons and the pvp , with nothing around it . 
  i have seen it three times on my 4 level 100s after 6.2 . 
  i dont know how it works but its still fairly random i think . 
  i would not be to bothered about your grades like leadstripes said , though its no guarantee of course . 
  most universities look at your motivation and dedication . 
  why ? 
  many more workers now have more to spend , resulting in more goods and services sold by businesses . 
  what is there to be not fair about getting something gifted ? 
  the fact that others like it but you do n't makes it an unfair gift ? 
  nice, 
  just imagine that we run out of data !, 
  the top 25 exists of almost all eu member states , which probably is the reason for why the member states are topping the political ( eu integration ) , economical ( internal market ) and social ( movement of people ) indexes . 
  atm machine . 
  the nether faerie dragon can solo ashlei all her pets , meaning you can lvl 2 pets at the same time . 
  indeed , where does privacy end and transparency start ? 
  yes , but it does not increase gold reward with 100 % per ship !, 
  going from 700 gold to 2100 gold is awesome . 
  with the 100 % gold increasement buff it goes up even higher again !, 
  you need the level three profession building before you can get rush orders . 
  you do n't need the profession itself to get rush orders . 
  obama was at first regarded as a somewhat stiff and boring speaker , who later on improved a lot . 
  everyone can learn to speak and prepare speeches at home . 
  how big is your profit doing this ? 
  more likely to buy tokens with gold , instead of euro 's , to sell them . 
  next to the eastern european countries , countries like greece , spain and portugal are not doing fine either , which forces more people to buy tokens with gold . 
  whatever the outcome of the negotations and the referendum , to me this whole affair seems like an error cameron made . 
  during the elections he promised voters this referendum , thinking that the british citizens would support eu membership , making this a non issue .
