  they probably have even better gear !, 
  with some heroic pieces , etc etc. 
  well we know that the meta gem wont proc from fighting against players , and most trinkets wont either . 
  besides that , blizzard will come up with something . 
  yes , because pve gear will get downscaled . 
  this is not te concern of the op though, 
  ah , this screenshot again . 
  the pvp rank that was needed to buy these kind of items back in vanilla . 
  why is that ? 
  everyone can spam the two main attack spells or two main heailng spells a class has . 
  however , around the basic spells and actions the classes are still very different imo . 
  or you could just read when it was posted . 
  sometimes research require some work . 
  its still rivendell in english . 
  thats not what he is saying . 
  he is saying that they have not ` seen it in action on live servers yet . ', 
  he probably means they can not reflect on it on a wide scale yet . 
  wrong , education and good living standards for everyone everywhere will solve our problem of overpopulation . 
  can anyone recommend a good offhand to use it with ? 
  i have this myself on my warlock but not a good main hand . 
  any idea 's ? 
  why do people feel so obliged to do dailys ? 
  its an interface option . 
  a little box which say show itemlevel . 
  i meant for leveling yes , cheers . 
  yeah the problem is this . 
  steam has a limited number of rome total war keys avialable . 
  lets say they have 20 . 
  but if 30 buy the game , 10 will have to wait till steam got another 10 keys form the publisher to give to buyers . 
  you will have to wait a few days till steam has a few new keys again to give to those who bought rome total war . 
  this happend with the star wars sale too a few months ago . 
  i bought it too but did not install it yet . 
  we already have virtual realms . 
  they are cross realm zones . 
  another thing is to stop spending . 
  seriously , why by a mount that costs 26k when you know you will be broke afterwards ? 
  i open oqueue by / oq, 
  you close it by clicking ` go dark ' on the setup . 
  but it is the best plan !, 
  try to stop the other roman factions from expanding early on to beat them easy later on . 
  if you are experienced and bold enough you can do this too when playing a roman faction . 
  at first few turns , take your army towards syracuse and expand from that too while playing as the julii or bruttii to stop the scippii from getting any new cities . 
  you can also change the language to german . 
  i tried this last week and it was very confusing , 
  ofcourse they are cookie cutter if you never bother to swap them . 
  ah , these kind of bullshit replies . 
  having ' a life ' while spending time on reddit and wow related forums . 
  reading info on your class/knowing how to play/knowing what talents are important etc will drastically increase or improve results that you get from playing , making it so that you have to spend less time to get things done . 
  you welcome the old talents back because they were easy . 
  the standard trees , never swapping talens because it was not needed or viable . 
  playing a priest myself as main im using all talents for disc and shadow , cursing the fact that i need reagents to swap talents , because i do that so often . 
  if you dont then you miss something in this game . 
  despite the downvotes spacerkitters got he is correct though . 
  pve items have always dominated pvp . 
  shadowmourne , the glaives , trinkets , etc. 
  now those that call themselves pve'ers have to do two battlegrounds to get the best ingame item available but it turns out to be too much . 
  you realise that pvpers have to do a crapload of pve to get the cloak plus legendary gem ? 
  for now yes . 
  next expansion you can all level them again . 
  because its a stupid thread ? 
  so many people get loot on characters they do n't want . 
  nothing interesting about this situation . 
  besides that , i think worse things can happen to you or people in general , in both real life and in wow . 
  i think its nice and cool to have this achieved but you should go raid heroics now !, 
  try to top meters on those fights . 
  if you really want to compare yourself with the best players , then go raid heroic mode !, 
  it would because the argent tournament is more then a raid , also a lot of dailys and other stuff , attracting a lot of players , causing lag . 
  also a raid does the same , since it attracts players , those that pvp , gank , corsperun , summon , etc. 
  what ? 
  you start messing around with people and blame them for reacting to that ? 
  how do you think that people on the streets will react when you ask them something like ` why so black ' ? 
  seriously , what do you want ? 
  patch 5.4 is launching at september 10 so enough time to get capped on valor before that . 
  arena season will end next week . 
  yes but on the website you can read up on all the old patches, 
  try openraid.eu or openraid.us to find people to do pve with . 
  personally i have done loremaster plus all the new quests after the shattering . 
  i dont feel the urge or need to do them again . 
  one of them is win 5000 pvp battles , the other is to win 1000 through the pet battle finder system . 
  he did not do 4000 battles on the same dsy . 
  gosh man , solo grinding khan ? 
  you should try oqueue , an addon that allows you to find people on other realms and team up with . 
  many people , mainly pvpers , use that to find others to grind wins , achievements , kills and reputation with . 
  oqueue , remember that name, 
  yesterday the news message said realms would be down till 11am . 
  though there is no news message atm , so no way to be sure . 
  i recently started doing the proving grounds as a tank , and i wonder what gear is the best to go for . 
  i did gold with a lot of pain and trying , but now i want to move on to endless wave 30 for the title . 
  however , as a paladin , im not sure what gear to go for . 
  should i go for mastery and haste for stats , or avoidance gear ? 
  if you either have to protect one person or 24 , it comes down to the same thing : how well you can play your character and defend that one person , or those 24 . 
  i dont know you , so i have not raided with you and i cant judge how you play , nor do i know a lot about monks in general . 
  but first off , how much dps do you do with your current gear ? 
  517 is not amazing gear these days . 
  many people , even in lfr , run with way better gear , plus the legendary meta gem and cloak . 
  you dont have this so it will always put you lower then those who have these legendary items . 
  another thing is the bossfights , knowing what targets do dps and when to use cds . 
  for example , on siegecrafter , several times he has a buff , reducing 90 % of the damage he takes . 
  using your cooldowns on these moments will greatly harm your dps . 
  i would , on my priest , not blast him while i have 3 orbs , nor i would use a lot of holy power on my ret paladin .
