  that was in early cataclysm . 
  a while after that a friend of mine told me that he sold one for 25k . 
  i just kept quiet and cried inside . 
  personally i dont really mind . 
  i love to do stuff besides the usuall pve and pvp . 
  but encountering wild pets randomly , i dont know about that yet . 
  dont want to have to fight when i dont want to . 
  but also the ability to adept to changes and the exchange of information , ideas , experiences , etc , between the inhabitans of a civilization . 
  better looks and better looking moves . 
  ah , but this thread is about pvp in general , while your thread on the us forums is about wpvp . 
  tbh , wow knows many varietys of pvp . 
  besides the usual ganking we have battlegrounds , rated battlegrounds and arena 's . 
  i know though that this is not world pvp , but lets face it . 
  players themselves have to incite world pvp . 
  blizzard did add area 's were both factions would meet eachother , but they never resulted into big and massive battles . 
  what blizzard needs to do is add a deathmatch battleground . 
  just simple and pure killing , just what wpvp is . 
  but alas , i can not post on us forums . 
  today in lfr . 
  a group with no mages , just one shaman . 
  so that shaman popped hero on madness . 
  we were on the first claw and the tentacle did not pop yet . 
  no problem , because it would atleast take us 10 minutes till p2 . 
  but guess what , the shaman died twice !, 
  no hero for us on p2 . 
  what i really hate though , are people popping hero or timewarp while in preparation . 
  i mean , pop it while fighting on the field of strive , but that does not happen either . 
  tbh i can not complain about honor gained while i kill someone in the open world . 
  getting 10 honor points each kill is not bad . 
  what incentive was there in vanilla to go to ss and just fight ? 
  none besides the fun of the fighting ? 
  i dont really know , did not play back then . 
  i do realise that battlegrounds take away the need to farm honor outside . 
  like people suggested over and over , wow needs epic battles . 
  i really liked wintergrasp . 
  i play on eu-sylvanas . 
  late wotlk , battles used to take the full time , often resulting in a defensive win . 
  it was many people stacked on one spot , which was awesome . 
  i dont really believe that people care if its either in the world of instanced . 
  players want epic battles , no bullshit about flags , towers or an endbos . 
  blizzard needs to add new battlegrounds with a deathmatch system on a big scale . 
  i dont think 40vs40 is enough . 
  100vs100 would be awesome in my opinion . 
  an epic battle is the deathmatch arena in the faire , but i have the feeling that its dying out pretty fast . 
  from hunders of people inside the ring the first week to a few now - or when the faire is active . 
  i agree with vampirewknd . 
  blizzard is capable enough of doing awesome things , now to do it pvpwise . 
  really interested in how mop will turn out to be pvp wise . 
  i dont want to be ganked every 10 minutes . 
  i want to sit in my pvp gear with my fellow alliance fighting over a crossroad or brigde . 
  same story with argurth . 
  queued up with a paladin friend , both holy . 
  nice we thought , no other holy paladins . 
  but we had 6 priests , so yeah we never won a token . 
  i dont think that all three of the answers are good explanations why germany was not stabbed in the back after wwii . 
  my answer is more about germany then japan , simply because i do not know alot about japan . 
  its a difficult answer though , with many actors to be aware of . 
  during and after wwii the question rose on serveral conferences - jalta and potsdam - what was to be done with europe , japan and especially germany . 
  europe was practically split into two . 
  one part fell under sovjet union ( su ) influence , one part under western influence . 
  germany was to be the same . 
  western part fell under western influence , eastern under su influence . 
  when the war ended , serveral opinions existed between west and east about germany . 
  su wanted to use eastern europe as a bufferzone against germany and to keep germany down . 
  it were never to rise again . 
  france supported this . 
  the united states ( us ) wanted germany to grow again both military and economically , to prevent the spreading of communism . 
  marshallplan was the way to achieve this . 
  marshall aid was offered to all countries of europe , also the eastern ones , but stalin made them refuse . 
  the united states wanted germany to be strong and to stand against communism and the sovjet union , while the sovjet union wanted the germans to stay weak . 
  other european countries had serveral views aswell . 
  the netherlands and belgium wanted a strong german economy . 
  both countries trade alot with germany and are economically depended on germany . 
  opinions were divided though . 
  the france would rather form an alliance with the russians , to control germany , but the cold war made france choose for other alliances . 
  but coorperation with the americans was difficult for many european countries . 
  the americans wanted to end colonisalism , while countries like france and the netherlands could not face this loss of prestige . 
  european integration followed soon after , partly because the us pushed western-europe to integrate with west-germany and partly because many european states wanted to be strong against influence from both the west and east - especially de gaulle , his actions gave europe confidence again . 
  european integration started early fifties with the european coal and steel community . 
  the french-germany axis or french-german engine is today the backbone of the european union . 
  the nato could be seen as a way to keep germany down however . 
  the first general of the nato , lord ismay , said : `` to keep the russians out , the americans in , and the germans down '' . 
  integration between the west and west-germany was however , like many thought , the best way to prevent a war from ever happening again . 
  institutions like the un , nato and ecsc were ways to achieve that goal . 
  but when the wall fell in 1989 fear rose again . 
  was germany going to revenge itself again ? 
  tatcher was against german reunification , but the french president mitterand agreed with the bundeskanzler kohl dat germany would give up its strong d-mark and that european integration would continue in an economic and monetary union . 
  and that happend . 
  problems never existed again , only that of the euro crisis we have today !, 
  hope it helps . 
  its unique and they have one in the bank , so they cant loot it . 
  just like me . 
  annoying stuff . 
  when they both conquered the lands around them , they did not have to tax people to gain money and goods . 
  they could simply take them from the occupied lands . 
  metals in the netherlands were scarce . 
  bikes had wooden wheels because the iron had to be turned in . 
  in general , about the war itself , the axis never really stood a change against the allies , especially against the americans . 
  ford alone produced more then italy . 
  germany and japan needed the oil reserves of the countries around them , like russia and indonesia .
