  charlemagne instituted a carolingian renaissance , basing things from his world on that of the antiquity . 
  the idea of the renaissance is not new . 
  the term renaissance is just a reconstruction afterwards . 
  it might be true that many people left constantinople when mehmet fatih conquered it , but i dont think it triggered the proces what we call was the renaissance . 
  i think it started more with the humanistic movement in italy . 
  you can say that the focus on the antiquity started with dante and petrarca , who were set on the antiquity . 
  i do not really believe that the crusades caused the islamic world to decline . 
  the crusades were more a result of the expansion that western europe went through . 
  the crusades were succesfull in the beginning because the islamic world was divided and they did not see the crusaders as a threat . 
  some islamic leaders even helped the crusaders cross their territory . 
  i agree with your last part though , they accepted old writings to often . 
  its also linked to a battlenet account , so doubt you can really buy it . 
  you should farm heirloom items on a main character and mail those to an alt . 
  its really overpowered and fun . 
  you can also buy greens and blues of the ah . 
  have you ever been in the hagia sofia ? 
  or in the cathedral of cologne/kohl ? 
  or in the saint peter ? 
  those churches , they are big , they are huge . 
  dont call them mega either . 
  though the proces itself took many years to construct , the change from gulden to the euro happend on one day . 
  this is long ago , i was like 10 or 11 . so i dont know everything about it anymore . 
  i remember we all , everyone in the netherlands , got a package which contained one coin of each coin , as a gift . 
  the old currency , the gulden , you could turn that one in by the banks and exchange them with euros . 
  around 2.2 gulden was 1 euro . 
  even many years later you could still enchange the old currencies for the euro . 
  money you had on the bank was transformed aswell to euros . 
  prices in the stores changed aswell , though many people claimed that the gulden mark on a prizetag was turned into and euro tag , meaning the items in stores where twice so expansive as before . 
  if this is true i dont know.the old guldens were collected by the national bank and destroyed , afaik . 
  seems you have a great number of events now , but do not forgets like the world fairs . 
  the one in paris lasted seven months and attacted 6 million visitors . 
  but als the lumiere brothers and their invention of filming/cinema , marconi and his invention of the radio , publications of freud , the invention of the zeppelin , the invention of the plane by the wright brothers , the death of queen victoria in 1901 . 
  and there we have your answer . 
  even though containment was the us policy regarding communism and its spreading around the world , it did not mean to contain communism within the influence spheres of the sovjet union . 
  on the yalta and potsdam conference the allied forces split up europe and agreed not to intervene in eachothers influence spheres . 
  i doubt really that the focus will shift from the current view we have on history . 
  we , or atleast many historians today , try to view the past from its own perspective , we see the past ( s ) present , the past and how the past viewed the world around it . 
  i doubt though that this perspective will change anytime soon , though new fields of interest might become to exist in the future , few examples are indeed enviromental history and emotional history or the history of emotions . 
  i do not know about the meddling of east in western affairs and visa versa , but i really doubt that stalin really cared alot about the monroe doctrine when stalin , churchill and roosevelt meet on yalta . 
  both the yalta and potsdam conference looked into the question of what was to happen with europe when nazi germany fell . 
  europe was divided with these meetings , not the other parts of the world . 
  i do not believe that the monroe doctrine was active or that it mattered anymore after wwii . 
  this is a good overview of the historical events and its consequences , but does not show the underlying problem of the arabic world or the middle-east . 
  like 2000 years ago , the middle-east is for a great part still a tribal community . 
  loyalty to the segments ( family , lineage , tribe ) is very important in the arabic world . 
  segments unite with eachother , or fight with eachother . 
  you still see this happening alot today . 
  familyfeuds , shia versus sunni islam , the islamic world versus the western world . 
  the basic tribal framework of `` us versus them '' remains in islam . 
  the conception `` my group , right or wrong '' does not exist because the question of right or wrong never comes up . 
  allegiance is to `` my group , '' period , full stop , always defined against `` the other . '', 
  me against my brother , me and my brother against my cousin ; me , my brother , and my cousin against the world . 
  this is one of the main reasons that the arabic middle east is so heavily divided and not able to work together like western nations do . 
  for more : http://www.meforum.org/1813/the-middle-easts-tribal-dna, 
  i agree . 
  the celestial charger is a beautiful mount . 
  to bad it costs money and everyone has it . 
  but , if i somehow am able to get enough money through the diablo iii auction house , i will most likely buy those three mounts and the other pets . 
  many different kind of answers here . 
  i believe it has to do with both religion and science claiming to know the truth , to show , to represent the truth of the universe or the cosmos . 
  i would say the big strife between religion and science started with galileo and his movement laws . 
  which attacked the base fundamentals of the church . 
  most guilds died out in the early modern period , and not because of routinized labor in a factory , as cosmic-charlie claims . 
  in the sixteenth century a few things happend that triggered the commercial expansion . 
  these are the steady population growth , the slow gradual inflation and the rise of long-distance trade . 
  in the old guild system there was little profit , little risk or loss and not much innovation . 
  all this changed with the widening of the trading area or market . 
  the rising amount of long-distance trade , where goods were produced to be sold at some time in the future , in faraway places , to persons unknown , the local guildmaster could not manage this operation . 
  he lacked the money and knowlegde for this proces . 
  in this long-distance business new kinds of entrepreneurs bacame promient in the european commercial life . 
  they usually started out as merchants and ended up as bankers , like the german fuggers . 
  other dealers in cloth broke away from the town-and-guild framework in other ways . 
  in the fiftheenth century certain english entrepreneurs began to develop the spinning , weaving and dyeing of wool in england . 
  to avoid the restrictive practices of the towns and guilds they ` put out ' the work to people in the country , providing them with looms and other equipment for this process . 
  this putting out system spread very widely outside the guild system and by the early modern period this typically depended on a gendered division of labor . 
  this proved to be a start for the division of labor as we see in the industrial revolution of the eighteenth century . 
  another aspect of the commercial revolution was mercantilism . 
  rulers were hard pressed for money and needed more of it as it fell in value . 
  the new monarchs started building up a strong and self-sufficient system . 
  the means adopted was to set the poor on work , to turn the country into a hive of industry , to discourage idleness , begging , vagabondage and unemployment . 
  this went along nicely with the idea of the entrepreneurs , who put the poor on the countryside to work . 
  mercantilists frowned upon the localistic and conservatite outlook of the guilds . 
  in 1563 england broke with the guildsystem , regulating with the statute of artificers the admission to apprenticeship and level of wages in various trades . 
  in france the guilds lost influence and importance aswell . 
  in both countries the government assisted merchants who wished to set up domestic or cottage industry in the country , against the protests of the town guilds , which in their heyday had forbidden rural people to engage in crafts . 
  government tried to suppres idleness to increase taxincome . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_walls_of_lugo is a better link !, 
  perhaps that you dont know all your presidents , ( hell i cant blame you for that ) but many people will , especially in the first 50 to 100 years to come . 
  besides that 9/11 is an event that wont be forgotten for a very long time and bush will be linked to that , as kennedyis to the cuban missle crisis , reagan to his sdi program , johnson to the vietnam war and truman to the containment politics . 
  the old frankish kings beared names like clovodech or clovis . 
  the name clovis changed . 
  the c fell off and the v changed to an u. voila , we have lious . 
  how strange this might sound , i do believe its the truth !, 
  i really like the older books of feist myself . 
  i remember starting to read magican for the first time . 
  i was like 13 and it stormed outside aswell . 
  it fit in good with the first few chapters of the book . 
  riftwar was good . 
  i was detailed and each character holds alot of story . 
  i also liked the empire triology , serpentwar , krondor books , conclave of shadows , but the last two saga 's really dont do it for me , and perhaps darkwar saga neither .
