  they all end up very quickly , without alot happening in the books itself , but they somehow advance alot in the story . 
  i dont know how to say it , but in a crown imperiled nothing really happend in like 80 % of the book , but the last few chapters blew things out of proportion again with [ angels comin down from the heavans and pug , magnus , miranda and nakor gone again ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  even though i do not play alot of wow , i miss it when i dont have an active subscription . 
  mostly i play when i dont have anything else to do . 
  that means that when i dont have an active sub ( like last summer ) , i will mostly be bored . 
  try reading a book , or download some series , watch some movies !, 
  why not ? 
  i thought these subforums where also a way of expressing one 's feelings and thoughts and looking for likeminded people . 
  i really felt like stopping reading . 
  i dont know how other people experience reading ( should i have googled it instead ? 
  ) , but i tend to bind myself with certain characters or in these books the house of stark . 
  i was curious if others felt like this aswell . 
  you might compare it with a movie if you like , but most movies last only two or three hours , while i spend some 40 hours so far into these books and im not sure if i should keep on reading if all the characters i like or keep binding myself to keep on dying . 
  did not expect this much repulsion on a subreddit/subforum . 
  ah well . 
  really ? 
  til !, 
  it took centuries for democracy to develop in the western countries . 
  its not like this will happen in one night in countries like burma and afghanistan . 
  give these people time . 
  the total war games do have some historical background , but they fade away quickly when you start conquering neighbour countries , the map does not match the map of europe anymore . 
  but on overal i do believe that the total war games have some historical context . 
  besides rome you also have medieval and empire : total war . 
  try those once . 
  other good games are the early medal of honor games , those that are about world war ii . 
  especially allied assault and its expansion games are placed on the major battlegrounds of that war , like el alamein , stalingrad , d-day ofcourse , etc. 
  though this may not really contain alot of historical events , the products you ship from your colonial islands to your city are the products that were highly valued back then . 
  now i dont know alot about this subject , but the exchange of idea 's , experiences , knowlegde , etc , is very important for a civilization to advance . 
  for example : in the fifteenth and sixteenth century serveral european ` scientists ' worked alone on ceilings and in cellars , away from society , unable to exchange idea 's . 
  but in the seventeenth and especially eighteen century this changed . 
  when newton died in 1727 all was changed . 
  scientists all over europe were in touch with one another , and science was recognized as one of the principal enterprises of european society . 
  today scientists are still in contact with eachother , exchanging idea 's and theories via articles , books , etc. 
  the more a society is able to connect persons with eachother , the faster the exchange of idea 's and knowledge will go , the faster it will advance . 
  communication makes coorperation possible . 
  thanks to communication and coorperation groups or civilizations were able to expand outwards , to become bigger and absorb or destroy other groups that did not have a big focus on coorperation and communication . 
  sedentary civilizations where able to outlive tribal communities because of that . 
  i really doubt that the native americans were the only civilization to never invent the wheel . 
  the number of existing tribal communities in the world is astonishing . 
  a good reason i dont know , but many tribal communities did not need the wheel . 
  they lived of the land , not planting crops . 
  or atleast , thats how i always pictured the native americans . 
  sounds like a true form of balance of power to me , which happend alot in early modern and modern europe . 
  sounds like pure history to me . 
  we have congo by david van reybrouck , but i dont know if an english version exists . 
  most likely that it does , but you will have to search for it . 
  n00bspanker is correct . 
  i have three classes at 85 now , a paladin , druid and priest , a warlock near 80 and a few low level characters . 
  i dont like the druid , so i dont play it ( though i keep tending to level it with each new expansion ) , but i like the priest and paladin alot , so i play them frequently . 
  i also like my warlock and want to do a level 80 achievement on him , but i dont know yet if i will play my warlock alot after that . 
  you should just play the character that you enjoy or that you want to do . 
  say , you want to shoot people , play a hunter !, 
  but if you want to heal , another class might suit you better ( i like to heal ! ) . 
  it does not really matter anymore what specific class or spec you play . 
  leveling is very easy and you are way stronger then a single monster , most likely more stronger then two or three aswell . 
  the best idea is to put all your actions on your bars and see what they do . 
  read the tooltips and if you are sure you want to continue on a certain class , read a guide . 
  google something like 4.3 ( the patch we are on ) hunter guide and you will get good guides about hunters and the way they deal the most damage . 
  most skills you wont have yet , but it gives you an insight . 
  i do suggest you start with keybinding at an early level . 
  finding out what the important actions are help alot . 
  personally i use like 25 , but you can start with binding qertzxc , shift 123 , etc. 
  i do not use many addons , but i like bartender and xperls . 
  i also look alot at recount , comparing myself with others , though in the end it does not really matter alot ( im always proud if i do most damage on my warlock though ) . 
  you can download prat , which is a chat addon , but besides that it does not really matter . 
  one you must have and that is deadly boss mod . 
  it will tell you what a boss will do . 
  make sure you also download the old database , the wotlk database and older . 
  have fun playing !, 
  you can google a guide to make sure you pick the right talents . 
  one of my friends always laughs at me when he beats me with fifa12 or mw on the xbox . 
  i mostly ask them to join me on wow and experience how difficult gaming really can be !, 
  sadly , they never do , but welcome to world of warcraft !, 
  the class and spec is as good as you are !, 
  play what you enjoy . 
  you wont find alot of difference in the healing done if you do it correctly , but the way you will heal with a priest differs from healing with a shaman . 
  you are correct , i thought as the native americans as the indians of north america 's . 
  agriculture was indeed practiced among inca 's and aztecs . 
  same here . 
  it sucks . 
  its not only in battlegrounds but sometimes also in dungeons, 
  how much the major religions copied religions that came before them . 
  there is nothing new under the sun !, 
  never expected this question to show up on askhistorians . 
  this is more a matter of not following news and politics the last 10 years . 
  i also dont think that we should make your homework . 
  why you ask ? 
  well once upon a time there was a forest , and in this forest there lived a giant eagle and a giant bear . 
  the eagle thought all the animals in the forest should live like eagles , and the bear thought all the animals in the forest should live like bears . 
  the eagle and the bear were not friends at all . 
  the eagle sat in his nest and the bear sat in his cave , and they each thought about fighting the other . 
  they spent all their time lifting weights and training in preparation for the big fight . 
  but they were both so big and strong that they knew a fight between them would destroy the whole forest . 
  neither of them wanted to start the fight , but they carried on getting stronger and stronger , just in case . 
  sometimes the smaller animals in the forest would have smaller fights of their own . 
  the eagle and the bear would watch carefully , and when they thought the other one was n't looking the eagle would give a little peck of his beak or the bear would give a little swipe of his claw to try and help out the animal they liked best . 
  but even though the eagle and the bear never pecked or swiped with all of their might , they were so strong that they still ended up hurting lots of the smaller animals quite badly . 
  one day the bear got sick . 
  he had been spending so much time lifting weights and practising his fighting skills that he forgot about everything else . 
  he had a bad diet and he never read any books , and even though he had big muscles on the outside , on the inside he was weak .
