hungarians joke about the scots ? 
  ... at many uk airports . 
  no sensible person would change currencies at an airport . 
  ( of course , i know the wider thing is the pound 's been sliding since the brexit vote . 
  not a surprise . ), 
  good of dw to show us what an ear looks like . 
  why 's the us just 4th ? 
  do they not really do paralympic sports ? 
  yes . 
  no problem ;-), 
  umm ... venice is is n't classed as in eastern europe . 
  most people would class it as southern europe . 
  and prague and budapest are n't eastern europe either . 
  they 're central europe . 
  anyway , do n't be worried about terrorism . 
  the chances of getting caught up in a terrorist incident are almost nil ( you 're more likely to get caught up in a road accident ) . 
  are not like fort lauderdale . 
  ;-) also : prague is already a major tourist destination , and budapest is popular too . 
  it 's a bit meaningless because `` differences of just a few iq points '' ( how many ? 
  we are not told . ), 
  `` may not be significant '' ( what 's the significance level ? 
  we are not told . ) . 
  however ... this map does sort of chime with me . 
  a country i sometimes visit does seem to me to have rather dim people , and it 's shown as having a low iq . 
  wtf ? 
  in the uk , spareroom.co.uk and rightmove.co.uk . 
  i see from wikipedia that you 're buried in the alter friedhof cemetery in bonn . 
  would you recommend it as a final resting place ? 
  is it peaceful , or are there noisy neighbours ? 
  yes , sarcasm/satire . 
  `` free internet in town halls , hospitals , parks and other public places '' . 
  sounds like this simply formalises and extends what happens already in many places . 
  in many cities in the uk there is free internet in municipal buildings , and in france ( or at least paris ) many public parks have wifi . 
  yes , because it 's an old property . 
  there 's a gradual move to replacing old meters ( which allegedly can go wrong ) with smart meters ( which allegedly can be hacked ) . 
  apart from meter readers , nobody would appear without warning , expecting to be let in . 
  it was different in the past ( i mean over 40 years ago ) when not everyone had phones ( and i mean fixed-line phones ) , and you could sometimes turn up at someone 's door , but even that was rare . 
  but now , it is so easy to text someone , it would be very rude even for a family member to turn up without notice . 
  i think the op means social acceptability . 
  i 've known several vegans , but all in brighton on the south coast of england ( seems to be a big thing in brighton ) . 
  + metrication . 
  might want to research how you get polish ( or other ) citizenship if you 're thinking of settling there in the long term . 
  uk citizens might at some point not be allowed to settle in poland ( or elsewhere in eu27 ) , because brexit . 
  of course !, 
  i have at least one shower a month . 
  not totally sure i 'm following you here ... 
  if i had a cleaner then i would do some pre-cleaning of bits that would be unpleasant for a cleaner to deal with . 
  for example : the toilet , food scraps in the sink , animal mess . 
  well , in britain we refer to [ spanish practices ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_practices ) ( undocumented agreements in the workplace ) . 
  kitchen . 
  some answers as to why , in the uk , it 's often in the kitchen are here : https://www.reddit.com/r/askuk/comments/2f78tz/why_do_people_in_the_uk_typically_having_their/fff ( essentially : smaller houses , need for both electrical and water supplies , and electrical regulations . ), 
  there are usually 5 or 6 in the group . 
  3 or 4 men who drink san miguel , plus a woman who drinks wine , plus a baby , sometimes another woman . 
  i notice what they drink because this pub is well known for its `` real ale '' ( english-style beer that non-english often do n't like or understand ) . 
  plus , i was also thinking of a group of polish people who sometimes come to a pub i go to . 
  apart from one woman who drinks wine , they all drink lager . 
  ok , did n't know that ( i was misadvised !, 
  i 'm english , originally from london . 
  for me , the protocol is that the new neighbours first visit the existing neighbours , not the other way round . 
  however , that is not a fixed rule , and maybe it 's different for polish people or belgians in the dutch-speaking area . 
  i wonder if they do n't see the need to interact with others : perhaps they are a group of young men who are only there temporarily because that 's where the work is . 
  if you do want to take alcoholic drink round , belgian beer would seem more natural than polish vodka ( also : poles mostly drink beer , not vodka ) . 
  but drink might send the wrong message : do you want them to think it 's ok to be party animals ? 
  i suspect their parties are disturbing you . 
  i would just knock on their door and say hello , or even just put a greetings card in their mailbox . 
  a bit of both , because there 's a tendency for the bbc to be cautious , very much more so than tv news in the us . 
  but it 's also more cautious than other news channels in the uk . 
  however , there seems to be a noticeable bias towards brexit ( the bbc continually invite pro-brexit politicians onto question time , the long-standing flagship political tv programme ) . 
  also , things like the minimal reporting of the huge anti-brexit demonstration in london yesterday . 
  there does seem to be a greater bias towards theresa may 's government than previous ones ( things like soft questions in interviews of government ministers ) . 
  it 's quite noticeably biased towards the current uk government . 
  there are suggestions that the bbc is being leant on by the government which effectively determines the bbc 's income . 
  perhaps the eurail pass ? 
  elling was good . 
  many . 
  one of my favourites is actually two movies : jean de florette , followed by manon des sources ( french ) . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean_de_florette https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/manon_des_sources_ ( 1986_film ), 
  most british do n't want to leave the eu . 
  sometimes people include iceland and/or finland in scandinavia . 
  what does `` brexit '' mean ? 
  which two countries are linked by the channel tunnel ? 
  which annual cycling event started in 1903 ? 
  which city hosts the oktoberfest beer festival ? 
  what is the second most spoken language in ireland ? 
  ( answer : polish ), 
  depends on the definitions of `` socialist '' , `` country '' and `` europe '' . 
  in the uk , spareroom.co.uk and rightmove.co.uk . 
  spareroom is fairly informal and mainly for shorter term flatshares . 
  rightmove has listings by letting agents and tends to be for whole flats or houses . 
  i have used gumtree as well but it has a dodgy reputation . 
  in the uk , this 1970s tv advert : https://youtu.be/zr9dsmkhdqg, 
  here in england drink-driving is not socially acceptable . 
  but when i visit a belgian friend , in belgium , he happily drinks a litre of jupiler before driving to a bar where he has a few more drinks before driving us home again . 
  cucumber . 
  fresh cucumber . 
  dill pickle 2 . 
  wholegrain mustard 3 . 
  onion 5 . 
  cucumber, 
  i must go out and buy some popcorn .
