  edit : yes 40 % no 60 %, 
  east lothian declares for no . 
  edit : yes 38 % no 62 %, 
  what would you have , the independent state of my house ? 
  ( if taken to an extreme ) . 
  mid lothian declares for no . 
  edit : yes 44 % no 56 % . 
  west dumbartonshire declares for yes . 
  edit : yes 54 % no 46 % yes stronghold . 
  independence for scotland really is a scottish matter . 
  yes it will affect everyone else in the uk too , but the specific question is theirs and theirs alone . 
  democracy in action , the will of the most wins . 
  possibly why the turnout was so low , if it was an almost certain result . 
  dundee declares for yes . 
  yes 57 % no 43 %, 
  renfrewshire declares for no . 
  edit : no 53 % yes 47 % . 
  should i stop doing the declarations do you think ? 
  alex salmond leaves aberdeen for an undisclosed location in a private jet ? 
  inverclyde declares for no , by a hairsbreadth . 
  edit : no 50.1 % yes 49.9 % edit 2 : i think there was less than 100 votes in it . 
  good night to you . 
  i thought the conservatives took 19 % of the votes at the last election ? 
  west lothian may be declaring for no shortly . 
  it does look like it will be a hard night for the yes campaign . 
  edit no 53 % yes 47 %, 
  west lothian seems to be taking a long time considering they thought it was going to declare over an hour ago , anyone know if there are recounts there ? 
  considering its a decision that would affect not just the voters now , but their children and children 's children , that affects lives and livelihoods , it is a bit silly to be doing sports style support for one side or the other . 
  edit : in my opinion of course . 
  would you support a california independence movement , or one for whichever state you live in ? 
  so you think its like sports support for them ? 
  that we know of yet , but that did n't answer the question ? 
  good night . 
  do they have a real understanding of the issues involved ? 
  would it suck any less for unionists in a yes dominated area ? 
  pandora 's box has indeed been opened , there will be many questions to be asked of the political class ( god how i hate that term ) everywhere in the union . 
  we are however watching democracy in action at its purest form . 
  edit : by that i mean one person , one vote , every vote counts . 
  i do n't understand why it 's so much lower there in comparison to most places . 
  i think the term you were looking for was `` i ca n't fathom ... '' sorry to be that guy . 
  independence is a big step , and the economic questions were huge , in my opinion . 
  orkney declares for no . 
  edit : no 67 % , yes 33 % . 
  orkney regarded as a no stronghold . 
  that was a bit presumptious of him . 
  edit : spelling . 
  clackmannanshire was generally viewed to be a yes stronghold though , according to the bbc anyway . 
  clackmannanshire declares for no . 
  edit 54 % for no , 46 % for yes . 
  does n't the rmb have to be freely traded for it to stand a chance of becoming a reserve currency ? 
  fun for some , not so much for others , there will be stretched nerves and disappointed people tomorrow no matter the result . 
  edit : i think i would not envy the mods jobs tomorrow ( not that i do anyway ) . 
  what jurisdiction would the us supreme court have over a scottish referendum ? 
  they could not close early because of the postal voters , who have the right to drop in at right up to the last minute and drop their postal vote in the box . 
  they moved to a different part of the same nation , it would be akin to moving from new york state to california for most of them . 
  erm , they came to england and asked for a union , you know ? 
  polling companies have reputations to protect . 
  this is a referendum on independence not an election so there is no real previous data with which to weight an exit poll . 
  therefore the companies are n't going to take a chance on getting it wrong and being laughed out of house . 
  there will be no exit polls . 
  i never said it did , i just pointed out an exercise that may ( or may not ) end with some interesting results . 
  it was not aimed at this article or you so why get huffy ? 
  tag both then , see what happens . 
  immediately the polls close the counting starts . 
  true , 
  did n't it also manage to avoid some of the areas with the more virulent diseases that tended to wipe out europeans ? 
  well it 's not like we had n't made the money from the tea , silver and opium . 
  here 's an exercise , tag people that have expressed support for putin 's actions in the ukraine , then watch who post the majority of the stories that portray the eu or countries therein in a bad light . 
  see how many times the tagged turn up . 
  not sure it was pure sarcasm i was aiming for , more humour with the tiniest sarcastic tinge . 
  though , given the performance of some elected politicians i am occasionally unsure if it would be such a bad system . 
  should we give up democracy and go the other way ? 
  make leadership a civic duty of the competent , force the competent people to serve a term with time off for competency in office ? 
  russian government should give each citizen a towel to go with that advice . 
  why would reasonable men and women want to deal with the general public ? 
  the lawyers get rich . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-20042070 http://calumjc.blogspot.co.uk/2013/05/is-it-scotlands-oil.html, 
  but it is true is it not ? 
  look at catalans . 
  your disgust makes no odds with me and good day to you too . 
  err the illegitimate system that is allowing the scots to decide their own future ? 
   while being legislated by the whole of the uk and separately from it ? 
  then the whip system developed and that killed even the illusion of representation dead . 
  which was different from everyone else in the united kingdom of great britain how exactly ? 
  it 's parliament that made the laws for everyone in the union . 
  is scotland more special than wales ? 
  are the people of scotland more special than the people of england ? 
  you 're welcome . 
  i would say rather it was the fault of short sighted local government who originally saw a way to save some on a budget that they could spend on other things and then just continued the policy when it became obvious that there would be difficulties ahead . 
  i am saying scotland was overrepresented because they had more seats in westminster than was warranted by their population . 
  well , good luck if you do , personally i think scotland will crash and burn financially , but no voter can truly say they did not know about the risks if they spent any time looking at the issues at all . 
  so any cries of it was somebody else 's fault if it does go wrong should be met with derision . 
  rest of the uk ( not including scotland ) . 
  that is n't the fault of national government though , is it ? 
  it is down to local government to create social housing , something for which they receive a budget , most local authorities decided not to spend it on building houses , instead going the route of leasing houses for the purpose . 
  originally this was due to projected population figures but then they continued the policies even after immigration started to ramp up . 
  then the leases started to run out and the houses were more valuable to the owners as either sales or direct letting . 
  you think the situation would be better in an independent scotland , yet would not glasgow and edinburgh become even bigger fish in a much smaller pool ? 
  you are saying the vote will be no ? 
  during the time when scotland did not have a devolved parliament it was instead over represented in westminster , it had more seats than its population warranted .
