  if the treaty is good it should not need such promotion, 
  then please tell your fda to stop allowing human use antibiotics to be used in livestock and could you please stop using things like ractopamine too . 
  then please tell your government to stop offering money for pro ttip media efforts . 
  yet the negotiations are so stalled that the eu minister overseeing them has recommended to the council there be an interim agreement , without the more difficult proposals . 
  i would have thought you would have shown the same passion for other treaties with similar content as you do for ttip . 
  well , there is the news that carlo calenda , the eu minister overseeing ttip for the council , has suggested that there be an interim agreement as no progress is being made on the negotiations . 
  well , they did n't actually go ahead with the ban yet . 
  different temperaments for some , maybe . 
  hence the edit , 
  you do realise that lots of russians would have died from the lack of western pharmaceuticals if the proposed ban had been carried out and that it was n't the west that proposed the ban ? 
  you self identify as romanian , are you saying you are russian ? 
  edit : woohoo fsb fsb fsb !, 
  there is also the question of the approximately # 1 billion in uk research grants currently funnelled into scottish research institutions . 
  `` look on my works , ye mighty , and despair ! '', 
  in many ways i agree , trying to force a federalist state on the members will create stresses which will emerge at a later time to the detriment of the union . 
  in my opinion a working union needs time to grow together and reasons to do so , putin is currently providing one such impetus at least in the political/military areas but we need social outlooks and trade policies to unify too to create a truly harmonious union . 
  however the eu parliament is saving our politicians from making many mistakes , net neutrality , universal standards for eu electrical goods etc. 
  but i find the commission objectionable and the echr seems to have an ever expanding staff and portfolio . 
  keep calm and carry on . 
  it 's been working for us for a while now . 
  that 's putin 's way to explain a war of aggression against a neighbour where he lost his influence . 
  edit : if they were actually on a humanitarian mission please explain why they are all on `` holiday '' or `` got lost '' . 
  well , you can if they did n't actually ask , ca n't you ? 
  whereas the west 's sanction are due to russian troops in full kit being on another nations soil , wether they are on `` holiday '' or `` lost '' . 
  not quite sure what that has to do with closing russia 's airspace , unless you mean a further increase in fuel prices ? 
  though in europe most of the avgas is produced by hjelmco oil . 
  edit : ah sorry , on a re-reading i think i see what your point may be . 
  no , imo the majority of the ticket price increase would be due to extended flight times from having to route around the closed airspace . 
  or they move to protect their stockholders share values , which is one of the duties of a board . 
  do you think he is venal or bought ? 
  yet they would relinquish their `` complete control '' when they join the eu as is the independence movements stated intention . 
  everyone routes around , ticket prices rise due to increased fuel costs , some airlines enter financial difficulties , world carries on . 
  what i meant was how would it be structured ? 
  autonomous regions within the framework of the eu ? 
  i am not quite sure how that would work considering the current structure ? 
  edit : could you elucidate please ? 
  i wonder if the uncertainty will force firms to jump ahead of time to protect their stock price . 
  by which i mean declare a move to ruk or elsewhere . 
  ah , downvoted to oblivion already . 
  do n't the libs want to legalise all drugs ? 
  prices could tank . 
  considering the run is on stocks for scottish based institutions you may have the wrong target for your ire . 
  i think the run could continue until the 18th then depending on the result it will either bounce or bomb . 
  http://www.eveningtimes.co.uk/features/an-independent-scotland-would-be-one-of-the-richest-countries-in-the-118122n.20468153 hardly make believe people . 
  the currency union would be best for iscotland and ruk only if you ignore the massive risks involved in underwriting another nations outsize financial sector when you have no control of the governance of such a sector , it also ignores the fact that salmond has declared iscotland would be a direct competitor to ruk . 
  it would be akin to inviting the wolf to look after the flock to let iscotland have any input into ruk 's economic and fiscal policies . 
  we try to survive as best we can should the scottish people put all the people of the uk in the position of having to . 
  edit : btw i think you 'll find the 2016 is just a proposed date and is also subject to post vote negotiations . 
  we wont , thank you . 
  or he could choose not to act as an underwriter to a scottish nation 's financial sector and let it sink to preserve the pound which would make it even more prudent for ruk not to enter into a currency union with iscotland , to leave that option open . 
  because it stifles actual discussion . 
  is that still true after the voting system changes ? 
  did you discuss the issue at all in your previous post or are you trying to attack the person again throwing `` ad hominem '' around ? 
  so you immediately attack the person not the issue . 
  it will be removed as a repost - http://www.reddit.com/r/scotland/comments/2ftz6p/scottish_independence_investors_turn_on_scotland/ as an aside how can a post with 40 votes which was 72 % upvoted end up with 18 upvotes ? 
  1914 it seems . 
  unless its their own , maybe . 
  makes for a good laugh ? 
  only if there are little green men as the observers . 
  you 've never heard my laugh have you ? 
  propaganda is best dispelled by being laughed at as the laughter spreads to the disseminators too , they become a joke . 
  ha hah ha ha ha ha hahahahahaha !, 
  how was that ? 
  actual article title - ukraine : mounting evidence of war crimes and russian involvement, 
  can we laugh at the propaganda piece ? 
  it , based on my premise from before , could also depend on whether he could see himself rising in the ranks of the ump . 
  if he is a man that wanted power and the left had the greatest chance of delivering power to him i do not think the choice would be strange to him , just another strategy . 
  entirely possible given human nature but i would hope the greeks have learnt something from all that 's happened , elect better people , do n't dodge the tax maybe . 
  greece has a possible future bonus though in new offshore oil and gas fields so whoever is in power when those are developed will probably ride a wave of popularity for quite a while as the economy strengthens . 
  you forgot hull , its usually a contender . 
  my agenda that i want the uk to stay in the eu ? 
  why , you say its totally transparent yet i could n't find a simple search function . 
  they made claims and you make claims , without the actual figures its impossible for me to have an informed opinion . 
  is there an advertising budget and if so how much is it ? 
  then that 's why the eu should be showing the british people why its better to stay . 
  so you are in full support of every independence movement currently within the countries comprising the eu ? 
  sorry but the the 2 billion advertising budget has been reported by other sources , not just in the daily mail ( which i do not read as a matter of course btw ) . 
  http://gulfnews.com/news/world/other-world/eu-s-propaganda-budget-beats-coke-s-global-advertising-cash-1.150701 http://www.thedrum.com/news/2013/10/01/eu-s-2bn-advertising-budget-labeled-misuse-taxpayers-money, 
  yet you say they do not have the mandate or the budget , clearly they do have the budget and if they want to convince the people in the uk to stay they should be using it . 
  as the independence movements current currency plan would prevent an independent scotland joining the eu , yes , they should vote to stay in the uk and vote to stay in the eu should that referendum ever come to pass . 
  whereas the billions wasted moving the parliament between two sites is a very good thing ? 
  the eu wastes money , every government on earth wastes money . 
  this is also the organisation that has a 2 billion advertising budget , so it really depends , what do they want to advertise ? 
  yes that extreme power that is allowing the scots to decide for themselves . 
  then i would say the eu has been doing a damn poor job of educating people as to the benefits of membership , would n't you ? 
  edit : if they want the uk to stay in the eu that is . 
  there are at least some here who would prefer the uk left . 
  considering scotland does not meet the requirements for membership , i do n't think it will be that easy . 
  before anyone asks what requirements they do n't have a central bank , which would also need a new currency , which then kicks off the requirement that they can prove they can `` withstand the pressures both within and without the eu '' . 
  however it would be democracy in action , just as the scottish independence vote is , are you advocating a non democratic solution ? 
  incidental bonus would be bacon !, 
  i believe that doctrine was in place during the cold war , which caused the nato doctrine of `` if you use em , we use em too and we do n't have many mini nukes '' ( paraphrased ) . 
  well the f-35 's were originally intended to be the carrier born force , for the new carrier ( s ) . 
  typhoon is n't suitable for modification to a carrier aircraft really , it would lose all the benefits of what it was designed to do . 
  the harriers were great aircraft , however they have limited avionic upgrade possibilities , were already aging and stand out like a sore thumb on a radar screen . 
  also i believe the rights to the harrier ( not just the av8b ) were sold to the americans on the basis that they could improve the aircraft to be supersonic while maintaining the vstol capability , but that did n't happen . 
   an abc news/washington post poll taken after the beginning of the war showed a 62 % support for the war , lower than the 79 % in favor at the beginning of the persian gulf war that 's still support , though not overwhelming , in a democracy that would exceed the minimum approval needed to pass a vote if one had been taken . 
  did i actually say that or is that what you think i said ? 
  i did not make those opinion poles , i merely point out that at the time the wars were not as unpopular as they are seen to be now . 
  yes there were protests however there was also support .
