  so now you want to be even more equal than everyone else in a democracy ? 
  they used to be , up until 2005 when their number of seats was reduced from 72 to 59 . 
  ah yes the bedroom tax - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bedroom_tax trying to persuade people to move to houses more suited to their requirements rather than what they may want , when they are on benefits . 
  as to the rest , do you think its different for the majority of people in the uk ? 
  is the north of england significantly better off than the scottish , are the welsh , the cornish ? 
  the only people that could be considered to be better off would be the south east of england , and that 's mainly because their population density is high along with their revenue stream . 
  politicians will always concentrate on the places where the majority of votes are , in scotland it would be glasgow and edinburgh , it 's unfortunate but it is a side effect of democracy . 
  edit : btw its 16 years not 10 . 
  scotland has had a devolved parliament with control of 60 % of government spending in scotland . 
  maybe you should be asking some hard questions of your own representatives . 
  source ? 
  as you made me waste time trying to find a non existent international lender of last resort . 
  edit : you also might want to revisit what you said as it actually supports what i said . 
  they could but they would be still laughed at for not doing their due diligence as reporters . 
  do you think they would if they could , i.e. 
  budgetary considerations etc ? 
  currently the bank of england has to give consideration to the needs of the scottish economy so that the overall health of the united kingdom 's economy prospers . 
  with independence no such consideration would be necessary or advisable . 
  so you have no source for your previous statement ? 
  as far as i see your previous premise would be that the bank of england acts as an international lender of last resort , something that no central bank has done to date , the only example i could find was the imf 's supplemental reserve fund . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_lender_of_last_resort as to why it should n't continue it would be because a bank in an independent scotland would not be the bank of england 's problem . 
  the uk would not have regulatory control of such an institution so why should it promise to prop them up in the event of a crisis . 
  why do you think three major banks and other financial institutions have already announced their intention to re-domicile to the uk in the event of scottish independence ? 
  so you are saying that a scottish bank domiciled in an independent scotland would have the uk as a lender of last resort ? 
  i have not seen anything in any of the financial analyses that would support this position . 
  could you please source that for me ? 
  stay and have no lender of last resort or move and get a lender of last resort ? 
  due diligence . 
  imagine if they wrote a story , did n't ask the intelligence service for comment then the intelligence service releases a rebuttal and states they did n't comment because they were never asked . 
  the reporter ( s ) would be laughed at at the next awards dinner . 
  there are briefings held by the negotiators for industry groups . 
  very true , but what scotland wants is a currency union , which is a whole different kettle of fish . 
  they can use the pound without a union certainly , but then they would be at the mercy of the bank of england 's fiscal policies which would have no concern for the economy of an independent scotland . 
  a currency union would give scotland input into the fiscal policies of the united kingdom while being a self avowed competitor nation , it would require the uk to act as lender of last resort to scottish banks , over whom they would have no regulatory oversight . 
  it would require the uk to underwrite scotland 's economy at a time when they have to borrow massively to set up an independent state . 
  what is in it for the peoples of the uk ? 
  edit : using the pound without a currency union would also in all probability disqualify them from joining the eu due to the criteria for accession . 
  as to using the euro without being a member it has been disallowed by the eu ( which has n't stopped some countries using it ) but i am sure that any accession negotiations would be affected by the country not following the will of the eu . 
  what claim ? 
  the pound sterling started in 760 ad under king offa of mercia . 
  http://currencyinformation.org/history-of-the-british-pound.htm scotland adopted use of the pound after the act of union in 1707 . 
  prior to the adoption of the british pound the scots had their own pound , worth about 1/12th of the british pound - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pound_scots the pound sterling is the currency of the united kingdom which , should they choose to , scotland would be leaving . 
  the first minister of scotland has already stated that an independent scotland would be a direct competitor to the uk . 
  why should the united kingdom give their currency to a self avowed competitor nation ? 
  edit : hypothetical situation - should an independent scotland join the eu , then decide to leave it again would they have a claim to the euro ? 
  ah , guess i am just more used to seeing [ article language ] . 
  article was in english for me so not quite sure why the [ finnish ] appellation was applied ? 
  oh my , let 's ignore the official report of the duly appointed independent observers , shall we ? 
  to be honest i have n't seen any statements either way on what they genuinely believe , apart from they did n't want to go to siberia . 
  you presume , you do not know , you are guessing . 
  the actual osce report , that you linked to earlier , states that the only people to inspect the cargo area of the trucks were russians . 
  you are a refugee , you probably left in summer or very early autumn , would you grab your winter clothing on your way out of a warzone ? 
  would you have money to buy new winter clothing on top of everything else you 've had to buy to survive . 
  personally i think it will be a long cold winter for those refugees , who did n't want to be there in the first place . 
  then why did they not state it in that so carefully written report . 
  you are saying * they most likely '' when you do not know for sure . 
  in summer , no . 
  in winter - http://www.theatlantic.com/infocus/2013/02/a-siberian-winter/100464/ the refugees would arrive unequipped and unprepared to deal with such conditions . 
  yet they do not state they inspected the trucks , just that they saw them come and go , the only ones to look into the trucks according to that report were russians . 
   the cargo trucks arrived with the rear cargo tailgate open . 
  after the russian authorities had quickly checked the trucks , the cargo tailgates were closed and afterwards the vehicles departed in groups of 10-12 . 
  russians checking what russians did . 
  i thought they were repopulating siberia with the refugees , without telling them ? 
  source ? 
  i have mine ready - http://www.euronews.com/2014/08/23/ukraine-accuses-russian-aid-convoy-of-stealing-factory-equipment/, 
  personally i think it will remove more ukrainian industrial equipment on its way back to russia , repeating what the first `` aid '' convoy did . 
  another interpretation could be they saw what was in the previous trade agreement and did n't like what they saw , thus the protests against tpp . 
  there are many ways to read things , especially when done in a cloak of secrecy . 
  yet acta was so bad it was rejected and germany has said it would reject the canada-eu trade agreement too . 
  so trade agreements are not universally good . 
  as to australia i do n't know what the people think as i do n't frequent / r/australia . 
  however a quick search did show they are extremely wary of tpp . 
  - http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/australians-may-pay-the-price-in-transpacific-partnership-free-trade-agreement-20131113-2xh0m.html which treaty seems to contain many of the same issues as this treaty . 
  you say it would not force acceptances , yet you can not guarantee that can you ? 
  without knowing the specifics of the agreements you can not make a sweeping statement about anything with any certainty . 
  as to the outrage i think it began with acta and other agreements , when people discovered that their negotiators were not negotiating on the behalf of their people , but on behalf of companies and profit margins . 
  once bitten twice shy . 
  now people know that secret agreements are not conducted in their best interest . 
  hmmm , having trained as an engineer , safety is usually a trade off to other factors such as fuel economy and engineering quality . 
  what you say does n't seem to be supported by figures that are easily accessible to me . 
  -  the sizable traffic safety lead enjoyed by the usa since the 1960s had narrowed significantly by 2002 , with the us improvement percentages lagging in 16th place behind those of australia , austria , canada , denmark , finland , germany , great britain , iceland , japan , luxembourg , the netherlands , new zealand , norway , sweden , and switzerland in terms of deaths per thousand vehicles , while in terms of deaths per 100 million vehicle miles travelled , the usa had dropped from first place to tenth place . 
   research on the trends in use of heavy vehicles indicate that a significant difference between the u.s. and other countries is the relatively high prevalence of pickup trucks and suvs in the u.s. . a 2003 study by the u.s. transportation research board found that suvs and pickup trucks are significantly less safe than passenger cars , that imported-brand vehicles tend to be safer than american-brand vehicles , and that the size and weight of a vehicle has a significantly smaller effect on safety than the quality of the vehicle 's engineering . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/car_safety however , you are quoting possible benefits , which due to the secrecy the negotiations are being carried out under , no one except an insider could possibly know , they could just as easily be locking in severely consumer unfriendly clauses . 
  if they are so good then would n't it behove the negotiators to hold the negotiations in public and if they are bad should n't we know about it , as they will affect all those in europe and america ? 
  well , they have the tory defector now but he was not elected as a ukipper . 
  i think ukip 's main appeal at the moment is their stance on immigration rather than the eu . 
  the main parties ignored the issue for far too long and even now their discussions seem to be more gloss than an actual addressing of concerns , this has left the fringe as appearing to be the only ones reflecting peoples concerns . 
  so will these harmonisations raise the minimum standard on either side to the higher ( defined as more safe for people ) standard , or would they be reduced ? 
  personally i am quite happy with the eu 's quality standards . 
  actually i prefer the eu block negotiating as whole , individual countries would be much more susceptible to economic strong arming into acceptance . 
  as the negotiations are stalled i am somewhat happy that that eu 's negotiators are protecting at least some of the rights of eu citizens . 
  if there is free trade already what improvements would this treaty make that are necessary ? 
  i thought that was only in the us , legally speaking that is ? 
  you seem to be very worked up about the subject . 
  shills are a fact of life , they exist . 
  i have not accused anyone of being a ttip shill , i said that if the american government would stop offering money then maybe there may be less accusations of shilling being made . 
  it seems to me that it was a very counterproductive move . 
  however it does happen , there are shills . 
  i saw one here just this week , a russian self identifying as a romanian , when challenged ( he said we when talking about russians ) he deleted his account . 
  however it does open the door to those accusations .
