now you toddle off and look at the sample sizes for that poll . 
  i do not think nazi germany could , by any stretch of the imagination , be called a democratic government . 
  because the debt was taken out in sterling to build roads , ports , airports , hospitals , civic buildings etc , in scotland , when you take out a debt in one currency you do not get to pay it back in another . 
  say you bought something in a dollar price , you do not get to pay for it in rubles . 
  i did not change my view to be honest , possibly i explained it better . 
  i still think independence for the sake of independence , where the citizens would be worse off , when they are already in a democratic situation , is not a very good argument at all . 
  from you i take it as a compliment . 
  not in a democracy , right and wrong is up to the people themselves . 
  every election is an exercise in the people affirming what they believe in , even if they have n't thought of it in those terms before . 
  in representative democracies they choose who to vote for by what those candidates say they stand for , thus choosing what they believe is right , and rejecting what they believe is wrong ( a candidate whose platform they do n't agree with ) . 
  what if ? 
  it is the basis of a democratic society , that the majority view is correct for the majority of people and therefore is the way forward . 
  to say that the majority of people are wrong is to invite a non democratic society . 
  in this case it was direct democracy , one person , one vote , every vote counts , democracy at its purest form . 
  i doubt anyone has accused the majority of politicians of being wise in the whole history of democracy , it also seems to have become worse with the advent of a `` political class '' which could be renamed to ruling class so very easily . 
  would you prefer to live a society where the majority do not have a voice and can not decide their own fate ? 
  i do not believe that society would be called democratic . 
  no but it would have made them worse off , in my opinion , also in the view of world markets judging from their actions before and after the vote , also in the opinion of most of the more renowned economists . 
  which was enough for them to decide that independence for independences sake was not enough of an argument . 
  it is however how democracy works . 
  you make your case and people either agree or disagree , in this case they disagreed with the case for independence . 
  i agree with you and am happy that the case for more powers is being laid before parliament , i am unhappy , however , that labour has chosen to try to block the proceedings because they would lose power . 
  for who ? 
  the scots who would have had a free ride on the economic issues , or the rest of the british who would have had to underwrite scotland 's economy when they would be borrowing massive amounts to finance setting up all the institutions they would need as an independent state ? 
  principle is all very well , if you are fed , clothed and have a house to rest your head in . 
  principles tend to slide right down the scale of importance to those people that do not have these things, 
  so you have no care that the scottish people would have been made worse off by voting for independence ? 
  it seems they did care though and that is enough of a reason for them to have voted no to independence for independences sake . 
  which the majority of the scottish people found to be unconvincing as demonstrated by the vote result . 
  thus you demonstrate a complete lack of understanding of the society on which you are commenting . 
  the queen has no power in british politics and thus can not govern anything . 
  in a democratic society it is the majority that is right , at the time of the vote , your quoting ad populum as a reason for them to be wrong has no meaning , because it is the majority that decide what is right in a democratic society . 
  the case for independence failed to persuade the majority of people that it is better than the current situation . 
  edit : added an `` is '', 
  you are pro independence and it colours your viewpoint , just as i am a unionist and it colours mine . 
  we will not come to a concord without both of us changing our views , which seems unlikely . 
  explain to me why there was capital flight from scotland prior to the vote , why companies that had been proudly scottish for generations announced they would redomicile in the event of a yes vote , why the markets dumped scottish institution stocks like they were burning their pockets when there was a single poll that had a yes majority ? 
  you seem to forget those political values are available to them because of the system they currently live under . 
  if they really did live under a repressive state where independence would have been a good thing that they would n't have actually got to vote on it . 
  whereas you seem to be arguing that you know better than the majority ? 
  or it could mean that the majority finds fault with your reasoning that you do not . 
  independence for independence sake is all very well , but it does not put food on a table to feed a family , it does not pay off a mortgage when people become trapped in negative equity due to having a new currency , it does not create jobs when companies leave an area of economic uncertainty . 
  there are real world considerations to the argument of independence for independence sake , especially when the act is a final , irrevocable ( at least for a very , very long time ) one . 
  actually what he said was some people have principles , implying others do not . 
  both agreed to it at the edinburgh agreement . 
  so you are saying everyone that voted no is unprincipled ? 
  what cause ? 
  independence for independence sake rather than independence because of valid economic and social reasons ? 
  everyone is entitled to a viewpoint . 
  it does n't have to agree with my or your viewpoint . 
  edit : changed does to does n't . 
  i 'm afraid you would be very much mistaken . 
  do not tropes begin with an element of truth ? 
  do you have a problem with someone holding a unionist viewpoint ? 
  you mean the neverendums until they get the result they want ? 
  considering it was a majority outcome where every vote counted would n't you say , under a democratic system , the result was `` right '' now . 
  unless of course you regard right as being one that you personally agree with ? 
  i think you probably meant deprived , depraved has an entirely different meaning . 
  the poll where the 16-17 year olds voted overwhelmingly for independence had a sample size for that age group of 14 people , hardly conclusive . 
  as to the rest i generally agree . 
  edit : you 're welcome . 
  chile . 
  edit : stable , prosperous , economic up and comer , independent judiciary , low perception of corruption . 
  it 's not always safe to accept historical descriptions from political zealots . 
  propaganda designed to sow uncertainty and doubt in the minds of the eu citizenry this allowing russia to proceed with their designs against an indecisive europe , maybe ? 
  has anyone actually asked the various parties that would have been observing the ballots very closely if there were any russian observers present ? 
  this was a situation where every vote counted , in general elections if you live in the wrong area for what you believe your vote may not matter at all due to everyone around you . 
  do you think it could be more distraction politics , while the independence issue is at the forefront they do n't have to fix other things ? 
  erm , sterling refers to all the british notes ? 
  salmond just stepped down . 
  more putin propaganda to laugh at . 
  okay we 'll wait for the next referendum to be settled when everyone has come to the same conclusion ? 
  ( in about the year 10,000 ad or never ), 
  scots gave 19 % of their vote to the conservative party in the last general election . 
  that 's with the current perception of dislike towards the conservatives . 
  historically scotland was a conservative area . 
  gibraltar is more distraction politics than anything real for the spanish government in my opinion . 
  what is your definition of democracy then ? 
  well it looks like its all but over and reddits playing up for me so i bid you ladies and gentlemen goodnight . 
  south lanarkshire declares for no . 
  perth and kinross declares for no . 
  edit : yes 40 % no 60 %, 
  north lanarkshire declares for yes . 
  edit : yes 51 % no 49 %, 
  no campaign lead by about 150,000 voters atm ( very roughly ), 
  aberdeen declares for no . 
  yes 41 % no 59 %, 
  east dumbartonshire declares for no . 
  edit : yes 39 % no 61 %, 
  east renfrewshire declares for no . 
  edit : yes 37 % no 63 %, 
  dumfries declares for no . 
  edit : yes 34 % no 66 %, 
  angus declares for no . 
  edit : yes 44 % no 56 % edit 2 : is it just me or was that a lot of rejected papers for that number of voters ? 
  how would that work if it became a patchwork quilt of areas , one possibly following a different set of laws to the ones on either side ? 
  falkirk declares for no . 
  edit : yes 47 % no 53 %, 
  good night to you . 
  stirling declares for no .
