  whenever something momentous was happening in russia state media would play reruns of swan lake . 
  i did not write the article i just posted it , like so many others here . 
  as for so brave so mature , are n't you just . 
  love the swan lake ballerina as background on that site now that i know the joke . 
  ask the kremlin ? 
  denied by the kremlin . 
  its being said by some russians its the crew to take down the annual skate rink . 
  given what russia 's been doing lately ... 
  i do n't have a clue . 
  putin has n't appeared on russian media in a live context for about 6 ( edit : 9 days ) days ( extremely unusual as his appearance was daily ) , speculation is rife , from coup to his girlfriend having given birth in switzerland to `` he 's dead , jim '' . 
  there 's a twitter post stating that russian embassy staff in london have left . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/2yz6f5/employees_of_russian_embassy_in_london_are/ but its an unofficial and unconfirmed post on twitter so shrug . 
  i wonder which side of the wall the journalist was on the next day . 
  hmm , the pilot seems to have forgotten that the su-25 standard armament included the r-60 air to air missile which added another 4000m to the standard engagement range ( or 8km at high altitude ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/r-60_%28missile%29 http://www.kamov.net/general-aviation/su-25-armament/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sukhoi_su-25 however is n't it all moot as the dutch prosecutors say it was a buk ( sa-11 gadfly ) surface to air missile system that brought down mh17 ? 
  given historical assurances and treaties , it 's not that simple . 
  thanks , 
  do you have more information than that presented in the article where it says `` it was unclear when the programme was recorded . '' ? 
  if so could you link it please ? 
  details of the treaty russia has just withdrawn from - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_on_conventional_armed_forces_in_europe, 
  so really it was driver error , not really a gps error . 
  it 's a very difficult question given the problems involved . 
  what does germany care about british overseas territories , what does poland care about france 's relationships with countries like gabon , algeria and chad ? 
  would a single european armed forces also undertake to fulfil all the individual nations armed forces responsibilities or would countries with relationships outside of the eu have to fund two separate armed forces , the eu one and their own ? 
  given the uber nationalistic jingoism and policies of the russian leadership then would you say putin was a nazi ? 
  i have , you chose to ignore my reasoning . 
  what claim have i made ? 
  that i think i can see why the greek pm would say what he did to his finance minister , that 's my opinion , not a claim . 
  edit : btw an election is exactly that , a popularity contest . 
  no its up to others whether they agree with my view or not , i have nothing to prove to anyone else , unlike the greek government . 
  does n't it ? 
  i 'm not trying to prove anything , i 'm commenting on the actions of greek government members . 
  when his own pm/party leader is telling him to shut up and do some work to be talking about a new election already would not inspire confidence in the people that the greek government have to deal with . 
  i think i can see why alexis tsipras is telling yanis varoufakis to talk less and do more . 
  what is the definition of `` right '' in this context ? 
  if you back off you are just giving them room to take even more , you draw a line and you stop them from crossing it . 
  so by that theory if is had nuclear weapons we should allow them to do whatever they want to anyone they want ? 
  bowing down before bullies just gets you bullied even more . 
  does it matter ? 
  they both serve the same purpose for the west . 
  according to this article that is not true - http://www.euromoney.com/article/3412933/category/9544/channelpage/0/clearing-european-banks-weigh-up-us-dollar-clearing-options.html?single=true tokyo , hong kong , singapore and manila are official offshore us dollar clearing centres allowed by the federal reserve . 
  does n't that follow in the footsteps of us courts seizing domain names of sites located outside the us , demanding data held outside the us etc. 
  its courts saying jurisdiction is what the courts say it is anywhere in the world , in effect ? 
  agreed , i too have made mistakes and am quite grateful to be corrected , 
  shrewdness shrewd - http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/shrewd sorry to be that guy but shrood does n't exist in the english language . 
  there 's been a lot of edits done to that page today . 
  the police investigating the murder have stated they believe it was religiously motivated . 
  yet there is this - https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/49irzv/the_best_and_worst_places_to_be_a_working_woman/, 
  mervyn king , the former governor of the bank of england , predicts the collapse of the eurozone in a book published this week , going further than his well-known private scepticism for the european single currency . 
  in extracts from the end of alchemy : banking , the global economy and the future of money , he says the burden of debts between nations in the eurozone `` may become too great to remain consistent with political stability '' . 
  highlighting the need for the eurozone to integrate more fully , including significant debt write-offs , he says the process will probably exceed the willingness of the european people to bailout other countries . 
  `` monetary union has created a conflict between a centralised elite on the one hand , and the forces of democracy at the national level on the other . 
  this is extraordinarily dangerous , '' the former governor says . 
  lord king has expressed similar views before and frequently railed against the requirement only for debtor nations to adjust policies while in office . 
  in 2013 he told the ft that the requirements on greece and other eurozone periphery countries were best described as hell . 
  `` it 's real hell . 
  instead of mere hell , it 's real hell , '' he said . 
  coming to the end of his 10 years in office , the then governor said it was `` astonishing '' that eurozone authorities had not realised the bloc needed higher inflation in germany , permanent transfers from countries such as germany to nations such as greece , or to break up . 
  at the time he said : `` i do n't know what the right answer is '' , a view he has toughened in his book to say that attempts to find a middle way , in which greece is offered concessional loans on lax terms by the rest of the eurozone , will not work . 
  `` the attempt to find a middle course is not working . 
  one day , german voters may rebel against the losses imposed on them by the need to support their weaker brethren , and undoubtedly the easiest way to divide the euro area would be for germany itself to exit , '' lord king says . 
  the book primarily concerns the future of banking and imbalances in the global economy . 
  he says the world will inevitably face financial crises because it has not sufficiently resolved the issues that caused the problems of 2007-08 . 
  his predictions will cause some consternation among central bankers and regulators since his period in office was marked by a dismantling of the financial stability efforts of the bank of england in the belief that controlling inflation was sufficient to prevent economic crises . 
  lord king is by no means sanguine about breaking up the eurozone . 
  predicting that southern european countries will tire of the efforts needed to stay in , he adds that `` the counterargument -- that exit from the euro area would lead to chaos , falls in living standards and continuing uncertainty about the survival of the currency union -- has real weight '' . 
  `` but if the alternative is crushing austerity , continuing mass unemployment , and no end in sight to the burden of debt , then leaving the euro area may be the only way to plot a route back to economic growth and full employment . 
  the long-term benefits outweigh the short-term costs , '' he writes . 
  being less oppressive than surrounding countries does not necessarily make a country liberal , just less oppressive . 
  ahmet davutoglu is the prime minister and erdogan the president . 
  a better question would be `` do russians regard themselves as europeans ? 
  french prime minister manuel valls has rejected the idea of a permanent quota system for refugees . 
  turn off the water and power , the building is supposed to be empty after all . 
  the scientific gains are indeed good , but just how long do you think schengen will last under the current pressures of migrants and the terrorism paranoia , especially after calls for mini schengen zones have already been made ? 
  i would like to ask , who here thinks the eu is working well as it currently is ? 
  if sense is an average then does n't it follow that 50 % of the population has bad sense and 50 % has good sense ? 
  which definition of bourgeois were you going for as there are at least three ? 
  i do n't but it does make a bit of a nonsense that citizens must be armed for the state to be afraid of them . 
  the state should be afraid of its citizens in the voting booth , not on the streets . 
  are you saying the secret service are not good men with guns ? 
  they totally failed to stop reagan getting shot by a mentally ill civilian with a handgun . 
  how many secessionist wars have won that did n't receive external to the country support , do you think ? 
  if it is a civil war the first thing that goes out the window is rules , precisely because of the asymetrical nature of the warfare . 
  the rebels are ill equipped so have make up for it with fanaticism if they are actually trying anything other than low level insurgency , this will provoke a counter reaction in government forces and the rules of warfare go out of the window for both sides . 
  it might take time but it always seems to happen . 
  you bring a handgun , they bring an assault rifle , you bring a rifle they will bring a general purpose machine gun , you bring a pipe bomb they will bring a 155mm howitzer , you bring an s.u.v , they bring a tank . 
  its called money . 
  thread appears to have been removed . 
  at least i can no longer find it on that sub , having already read it once earlier . 
  i am not so sure . 
  oral testimony of muslims outweighs even written contract under sharia law  in commercial and civil contracts , such as those relating to exchange of merchandise , agreement to supply or purchase goods or property , and others , oral contracts and the testimony of muslim witnesses triumph over written contracts . 
  sharia system has held that written commercial contracts may be forged . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia also non muslims can not testify in a sharia court at all according to malik ibn ons -  in vol . 
  5 , section 13 , p. 156 , we read the following plain statement ,  `` non-muslims ' testimony is not permissible at all , even against each other !, 
  of course , their testimony is not allowable against muslims but muslim testimony against them is acceptable . '', 
  and the imam al-shafi ' i  `` the testimony of the people of the covenant is not permissible . 
  the witness must be one who belongs to our religion and he must be a freeman not a slave . 
  testimony is acceptable only from our freeman who belongs to our religion . '', 
  in his book the ordinances of the qur ' an . 
  are there any implications for future elections held while under a state of emergency ?
