  edit : by the way are you also going to say fuck ireland and fuck denmark ? 
  or is your ire solely reserved for the uk ? 
  does n't that make the electoral lists a kind of super-party ? 
  edited for a spelling mistake , sigh . 
  wont the effect of this law be to reduce the diversity of parties , i.e. 
  cause consolidation ? 
  in effect no more coalition governments . 
  though what would happen if two parties both got 40 % of the initial vote ? 
  we 're exempt due to our politicians negotiating an opt out , along with ireland and denmark . 
  edit : so that quota is a load of crap as it includes both ireland and denmark . 
  you have n't read some of the comments on this thread have you ? 
  personally i would have said chile was more western than argentina . 
  that 's a wonderful username for this topic , 
  http://www.istat.it/en/archive/110843 edit : esa 2010 . 
  and yet the only conservative seat in scotland ... remained a conservative seat . 
  are they ? 
  it 's an eu requirement to add them , or is france a special case ? 
  edit : an interesting point , adding the drugs and prostitution to the uk results moved us ahead of france in size of economy . 
  binding . 
  hmmm as countries situations can change . 
  rather rapidly too , what mechanisms are they also proposing to amend these ` binding ' quotas in the face of such a change and how quickly could it react ? 
  i do n't think i want to imagine that scenario at all . 
  it actually made me shudder , for both parties . 
  can you imagine what france and the uk would do to each other with the differing ethoi ? 
  it was in the uk media , print radio and tv . 
  and i have not assigned one to you , i left your position opaque as i have no actual idea which way you will vote on a referendum on the day . 
  edit : but for this government the passing of pro eu legislation will be easy , as to the referendum it is actually needed . 
  its been promised for too long by too many and reneged on too many times . 
  it will clarify the position of the people of the uk to our current and future governments and also to the people and governments of our european neighbours . 
  the referendum is something that is actually needed . 
  it will clarify the position of the people of the uk once and for all . 
  when the result is in we will all know where the majority of the people of the uk stand on the issue and can then proceed to obey the democratic mandate of the people . 
  if your are worried they wont vote the way you want them to vote you better get out there and start convincing them of your position using good arguments and information , its called politics in a democracy . 
  i ask you why would neither labour or the snp support something they already publicly state they support , the continuation of the uk in the eu ? 
  i am saying that the government could pass pro european legislation because there wont be many voting against it . 
  roghly 81 against if you include the ukipper . 
  so i have no idea where your fears come from in a logical sense . 
  how are these proposed reforms sitting with the greek people ? 
  the current government have a majority of 99 over labour , so it would take a rebellion and the support of labour and the snp to defeat a stay in motion , something which is extremely unlikely . 
  even were the rebels to vote against a government motion it would n't matter as the snp and labour would be voting to stay in . 
  the rebellious faction has far less power than it used to . 
  blair had a successful first government with less of an majority than cameron has today and the conservatives also remember the debacle the eu rebellions caused under the major government . 
  i doubt that anyone is keen for that to be repeated . 
  i believe the `` rebellious '' backbenchers on the eu number approximately 80 , from news coverage of the election , and it would thus be easy for labour to support a government motion to remain in the eu . 
  good is n't it , keeps pollsters ... worried . 
  there is still one scottish seat each for labour , lib-dem and conservatives , so not quite a clean sweep . 
  i am not so sure , they just voted to stay in the uk . 
  326 seats , the conservatives have an overall majority . 
  the cycles shift over time . 
  as is historically evident in scotland 's voting . 
  in the 50 's scotland was a tory stronghold . 
  opinions change with time . 
  you 're welcome . 
  given that sinn fein will not swear allegiance to the queen and thus will be unable to vote and the speaker of the house is traditionally unable to vote on matters except where there is a deadlock then 323 seats gives a majority . 
  but it still means no more coalition governments , no ? 
  conservatives just hit the first magic number of 323 seats . 
  did you miss this one ? 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/erdogan-hails-italy-for-banning-coalition-governments-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=82088&amp;newscatid=338 edit : according to that article you may have one now but you ca n't have one in the future . 
  did n't italy just ban the formation of coalition governments ? 
  of which they 've had a lot of experience . 
  they 're in parliament , they 're involved . 
  protest votes indeed , however these are now their duly elected representatives for the next 5 years , involved in the setting of policy for a whole nation . 
  i think he just was . 
  douglas alexander , labour shadow foreign secretary , just lost his seat to the snp 's 20 year old student candidate . 
  bbc now saying a conservative majority is a possibility . 
  a population of 3000 and 1200 military personnel does n't really allow a little green man scenario to work , everyone knows everyone else and the little green men would stick out like sore thumbs . 
  military trained sheep and penguins however ... 
  planing - http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/planing planning - http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/planning, 
  tony blair , john major , margaret thatcher , james callaghan , harold wilson , edward heath , clement atlee , ramsay macdonald , bonar law , david lloyd george and herbert henry asquith . 
  edit : from the 20th century . 
  i thought it went `` all countries ban other countries from spying on them '' ? 
  note - this is not a retraction by reuters of their other story . 
  see also - https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/31avff/greece_tells_creditors_it_will_run_out_of_cash_on/, 
  see also - https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/31avkj/greece_did_not_tell_creditors_it_will_run_out_of/, 
  perhaps you mean ttip ? 
  riiiight - http://www.upi.com/top_news/world-news/2014/06/18/teaching-creationism-as-scientifically-valid-now-banned-in-all-uk-public-schools/5631403128922/, 
  i find it interesting that putin 's vaunted `` power of siberia '' pipeline could be derailed by a gazprom initiative , though it would be a lot cheaper it seems . 
  i did say it was officially metric , not that anybody uses it in their day to day lives , i did live in the usa for three years . 
  actually the usa already adopted the metric system officially with the metric conversion act of 1975 , all imperial measures are conversions from metric measurements , officially . 
  at the same time - http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/03/23/russia-md-medical-group-results-idukl6n0wp0l620150323, 
  pot meet kettle . 
  my personal opinion is that there is a procurement bureau that 's getting a new one ripped in its r & d budget for a pig in a poke . 
   from what i see on the concept pictures the secondary gun can turn independently from the turret ummm , could you tell me how as it appears to me to be a fixed mount holding a vertical axle thus only allowing vertical rotation ? 
  edit : you know what , as an engineer my first thought on seeing that concept was `` meh , artists '' followed by `` someone 's been playing too much c&c '' . 
  downvote me all you like but i 'll believe in that tank only when its in full production and has been proven in a theatre of operations . 
  could i then ask what the traverse speed of the turret is as it would have to be very fast to track in on missiles fired from other quarters ? 
  could someone tell me what the purpose of the two different side weapons are ? 
  they appear to be fixed to the main turret and only have vertical rotation , so the whole turret has to slew around to aim whatever at whatever they will be firing on . 
  also does n't that mean the tank needs 3 ( or 4 if it has a machine gun too ) different types of ammunition , thus cutting down on the possible load for all three weapon systems ? 
  and when the first country has a problem and refuses to spend that amount on defence , what do you do then ? 
  okay now deal with the funding problem , what if a nation wants to spend less on its defence due to other reasons , should other countries have to pick up the slack of that country , or should the defence spending be removed from the national governments control ? 
  exactly . 
  so say every country willingly gives up control of its armed forces , to who does the control go to , the commission , the parliament ? 
  there is no unified foreign policy in the eu , there is not even a confluence of internal interests between all the nations let alone international interests . 
  would it though ? 
  or would each nation wish to keep control over its own nationals even if they were in the eaf . 
  also if there was an eaf what institution would actually have control over it ? 
  oh i do n't knoiw , looking at your post history . 
  the problems with this idea are exactly the kind of problems that would face a european armed forces . 
  actual article link - http://www.themoscowtimes.com/business/article/ukraine-to-ask-creditors-including-russia-for-debt-haircut/517428.html,
