  yeah , your ability to conduct a civil discourse tells me a lot about you . 
  redditor for 1 hour . 
  how 's the weather in st petersburg ? 
  doctors , but unless you run a sting operation how are you going to stop it ? 
  fgm concerns are now a zero tolerance area with mandatory reporting for healthcare professionals - http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/feb/06/doctors-nurses-record-concerns-fgm-female-genital-mutilation-children-nhs-records, 
  however prosecutions have started and the gmc is striking off doctors who offer to perform the mutilation or even advise on how to get it done . 
  http://www.itv.com/news/central/update/2014-05-30/birmingham-doctor-struck-off-for-helping-to-arrange-fgm/ http://www.forwarduk.org.uk/doctor-in-uk-struck-off-for-offering-fgm/, 
  interesting that about half the jobs will be lost due to automation and consolidation - http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2fddac06-0e4b-11e5-9a65-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3cybajrfk, 
  beware of the swiss squirrels then , they will climb your leg and go for your nuts . 
  yes that is based on personal experience . 
  it seems he ( blatter ) is under investigation after all - http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/03/sports/soccer/sepp-blatter-to-resign-as-fifa-president.html?_r=1&amp;referrer=, 
  the new mods are n't on that list either , have they lost green post privilege or is the list non comprehensive ? 
  germany is set to increase its military spending over the next 5 years . 
  kyrkan is also similar to the scots kirk , which is what i thought of when i first read it . 
  so what are you advocating in place of democracy ? 
  yet more of the people who could be bothered to vote did actually vote for them than any other party . 
  and do n't the germans just know it because that gets brought up quite a lot . 
  the people of the country , at least in a democracy , chose the government that fucked up , so yup , part of the blame lies with the people who chose the ones who fucked up . 
  in general i would write o !, 
  rather than a single letter word . 
  shortest : a or i longest ( non technical ) : antidisestablishmentarianism . 
  longest ( technical ) : pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis . 
  at least i believe so anyway . 
  data from 2012 . 
  bit out of date is n't it ? 
  yet somewhere else , in another country , there wont be these new taxes , and companies will move the production there . 
  they will undercut any company using a human workforce being able to run 24/7 and only paying for electricity , no holiday or maternity leave . 
  automation will win out or else the world will have to return to a non globalised economy with rampant protectionism . 
  its not very effective is it , considering the amount of times i posted in this thread , 
  money does n't just appear out of nowhere , well unless a government starts printing it but that just creates other problems . 
  edit : by the way you seem to have replied to me by mistake  edit 2 : i did n't realise comments could travel with parent ? 
  i also direct you to the vid / u/skyratchet posted . 
  working in the robotics field does not necessarily mean you are on the cutting edge either . 
  except there wont be any jobs for them to do as all the jobs will be done much more cheaply by an automated workforce . 
  electricity is cheaper than food . 
  in an automated society i do n't believe capitalism will be able to survive in anything like its current form , neither do i believe that means a resurgence of communism , i think we 'll need something new . 
  i was asking what will a human do that a computer/robot will not do more cheaply ? 
  programs already write books and articles , some create art , music etc. 
  they can do that all the time for the cost of a bit of electricity and they will get better . 
  i suggest you watch the vid / u/skyratchet posted in this thread . 
  if there is no one with money to pay for the youtuber the youtuber will not exist ( except as a hobby ) necessitating the putative youtuber be supported by other means . 
  what ? 
  thanks for that , its a very good view , 
  how many of jobs today actually require intelligence to do ? 
  edit : as to what have we been doing , i think we 've been doing exactly what we 've done before , do you think society was prepared for the land enclosures when they happened ? 
  i see no evidence of any political party anywhere preparing for what would be an event with the same level of impact on society . 
  yet where does the money come from that supports these creative people ? 
  i put it to you it eventually comes from people who work dull boring jobs that would be replaced by automation, 
  not so much for the legal assistants though , as there are already research apps doing prior case research and these apps will become smarter , better and faster . 
  they may even replace the lawyers at some point . 
  how about if 47 % of the types of jobs disappeared ? 
  not actual jobs as that figure would inevitably be much higher but the types of jobs ? 
  no more delivery drivers , train drivers or pilots , no more secretaries , no more data shufflers , no more accountants , 3/4 's of the lawyers being unemployed as smart systems do the prior case research , no more factory workers , no more burger slingers . 
  how do all the people currently doing these jobs earn a new living ? 
  i agree automation has been good for humanity but it will take a societal change for it to continue to be good when it can do everything a human can do . 
  what will they earn from if everything can be very cheaply made by automated factories , delivered to your house by an automated delivery truck after being ordered over the internet , no need for a showroom or salesperson , driver , factory workers or any of that ? 
  think amazon but it actually makes the products and delivers them too . 
  the human fields left will be creative or policy setting . 
  i have no answer for you as i have no crystal ball to human behaviour when faced with unprecedented conditions . 
  simply put automation so far has not been able to do everything a human can do in terms of work , however we are rapidly approaching a point where robotic system will be able to do everything a human can do . 
  edit : added ` do ', 
  that would depend on the degree of automation , no ? 
  if everything can be made cheaper by robots who is going to employ a human to do it and lose out on competitiveness in a global market ? 
  job markets are flexible now due to the vast range of possible products required , they will become less flexible as populations increase but positions of employment decrease due to the products being robotised or done by an app . 
  this week california has granted a permit to a truck manufacturer to test an unmanned big rig on california 's roads . 
  how rapidly do you think transport companies will adopt the use of unmanned vehicles that can be moving all the time , no need for mandated breaks or rest periods , 24/7 . 
  the only downtime would be for maintenance/refuelling . 
  how large is your countries transport sector , how many people are employed currently in transporting things from a to b. 
  a lot of market trading these days is already done by ` smart ' computer systems as they can react a lot faster than any human has a hope of doing to a set of conditions . 
  add a learning system that uses heuristics to learn and that 's the market traders out of a job . 
  two examples of what is already happening right now . 
  middle management office positions and below will virtually disappear as they can be replaced by ` smart ' systems . 
  middle managers are after all mainly concerned with the management of human workers and there wont be many of them left . 
  could you tell me what you are trying to imply by linking that sub-reddit ? 
  in addition not everyone is capable of learning in the current education style of higher institutes ( lectures and independent reading ) , for some it just does n't work as they need practical experience to ` get ' a theory . 
  but current education systems seem reticent to address the needs of those who learn by different means . 
  munchies , ca n't leave out the munchies . 
  however they were right in that the machines needed a lot less workers to run than the prior ` cottage ' industry style of production . 
  a single spinning jenny rig being able to do the work of 10 . 
  edit : by the way the idea originally developed in france where they were called saboteurs due to their habit of throwing their clogs ( sabot ) into the machines to break them . 
  so a scholarly review is now equated to luddites ? 
  many thanks anyway , 
  thanks . 
  by the way , did it eventually pass or was it cancelled ? 
  just a thought on what current demographic trends will do to the makeup of a future european parliament . 
  so will we get more seats in the european parliament to reflect our increased population , and will germany get less if they are proportionately smaller ? 
  better get used to it as its only going to get worse in the long run due to developments in robotics and programming . 
  what 's the record for a piece of legislation being tossed back and forth between the houses due to amendments ? 
  we already had bacon , thanks anyway . 
  and yet our population is projected to be the largest in europe in 2060 according to this - http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/european_economy/2015/pdf/ee3_en.pdf, 
  tsk , how curmudgeonly of thee to say so . 
  if its a modern construction how could it be repressed and revived ? 
  considering its a proposal all the opt outs are currently theoretical . 
  for which i lay the blame at the feet of robert cawdrey and his legion of imitators . 
  the spelling is n't all that strange if you consider that the common spelling started to be used when old english pronunciation was still extant . 
  they 're not all in common usage though , when did you last hear the use of the word ` churl ' in casual conversation ? 
  there were unifying factors of a single religion and a shared language ( hebrew ) though ? 
  every law has to go round the loop twice to be passed ? 
  what do you think the prospects of that list are in the next election ? 
  well its kind of impossible not to take offence at your remark if you are from the uk .
