  of course they recieve benefits , even after their request is denied . 
  do you think we just let people die ? 
  you can not deport someone if you do n't know where they come from/if they threw away their passports . 
  dos n't really matter though . 
  even if you know that someone is not really from syria , where can you deport him to ? 
  syrian accent is the usual television accent in the arabic world . 
  so people there know it quite well . 
  sooner than expected ? 
  he/she is already right . 
  what does the first article of the gg say about killing terrorists , or putting them in jail ? 
  and which god do you mean ? 
  laws can be changed . 
  i had a quick look , in the executive summary there is a point 6 ( it is forbidden in islam to kill the innocent ) which is contradicted by sura 9:5 . so it seems to me more like propaganda to make islam look good then a quran-based refusal of is actions . 
  counterpoint would be : http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ `` but muslims who call the islamic state un-islamic are typically , as the princeton scholar bernard haykel , the leading expert on the group 's theology , told me , `` embarrassed and politically correct , with a cotton-candy view of their own religion '' that neglects `` what their religion has historically and legally required . '' many denials of the islamic state 's religious nature , he said , are rooted in an `` interfaith-christian-nonsense tradition . '' '', 
  i guess not . 
  the quran is contradicting itself on many fronts . 
  for everything the is does , there can be found justification in the quran . 
  therefore the is not un-quranic . 
  or if they are , then everything is un-quoranic . 
   many muslims do n't know the quran very well implying the is is un-quranic . 
  which they are not . 
  see for example sura 9:5 . 
  `` correlation is not causation '' correlation implies one of four possibilities : 1 ) from a follows b 2 ) from b follows a 3 ) there is a common cause for a and b 4 ) correlation is completely random so which shall it be ? 
  note that possibility 4 is getting less and less probable the more data points you have . 
  all you are doing is sticking your head in the sand . 
  also you will see that muslims are responsible for a large percentage of bad news . 
  my fear is not unreasonable . 
  why dont you read a book ? 
  start with the quran , sura 9:5 . 
  nope . 
  it was 1 million last year . 
  this year its around 400.000 . dont mix this up with the number of people who applied for asylum ( which is much lower ) . 
  a large percentage of refugees refuses to apply for asylum ( because it will be denied ) while still staying in germany . 
  also keep in mind that 10 % of children born in germany already have muslim parents . 
  so its not really 1 million vs 700k , but more like 1.07 million vs 630k . 
  is there a single country in europe where the percentage of muslims is decreasing ? 
  is there a single muslim majority country where there is a high standard of living ? 
  last year germany took in 1 million refugees . 
  in the same time , 700.000 children were born in germany . 
  you do the math . 
  enlighten us . 
  whats the main difference in your opinion ? 
  so you have found a perfect system of morality ? 
  teach me about it ... 
  irrelevant for a discussion , that should be based on moral arguments . 
  i 'm still not a legal positivist . 
  laws should not be used in moral arguments . 
  in munich you see niqabs ( only a slit to look through ) every day on the main shopping street . 
  laws can be changed . 
  if thats the case , why is running around naked not allowed in germany ? 
  germany is not a country where individual freedom is the most important value . 
  you can even go to jail for blasphemy . 
  none of these are zero-sum-games . 
  if regulations are good for one country , they are probably also good for another country . 
  not a huge deal . 
  sounds like a pretty good deal , where is the problem with that model ? 
  im sure those `` substantial contributions '' are still a lot less than they would have to pay ( net ) as a full member . 
  norway or switzerland can and do have both . 
  so yeah ... 
  since cherry picking the best country is an option for refugees , i dont believe her . 
  the pictured olive oil actually does taste like shit :d, 
  moar like ratio of industry to services then dependency of eu, 
  he could still be a muslim . 
  or both, 
  sure you are . 
  but that has little to do with this thread . 
  money is not everything . 
  so if the eu `` funds '' everything ( based on money get collect from member countries ) , you are not able to criticise them without being a hypocrite ? 
  i dont think so . 
  money is not everything . 
  hungary may benefit financially from being a member of the eu , but it comes at a cost of less legal autonomy . 
  if you dont agree with eu laws that your country has to adapt , money doesnt necessarily change that . 
  so because the eu spends money , you are not allowed to criticise them ? 
  because you want me to be ? 
  no , why ? 
  because it aligned with your political orientation ? 
   if you want others to respect your culture when coming to your country but they dont want that . 
  however it is completely sufficient if 5 % of people have good face recognition skills . 
   how would being unable to cover up make her any less able to commit an act of violence ? 
  it wouldnt . 
  but also , that wasnt the direct reasoning for the fine . 
  you have to draw a line somewhere , otherwise the other side wins in the long term . 
  not being in full mental faculties = religious extremism ? 
   if he really did have psychiatric problems let 's hope he gets the help he needs . 
  if he was truly an extremist , i hope the full weight of the justice system falls on him . 
  what if psychiatric problems and being an religious extremist are the same ? 
  sane people tend to not have invisible friends . 
  its not cheaper relative to the gdp, 
  you just learned about one logical fallacy , and now you think it applies to every time someone says something you dont like ? 
  try again . 
  i explained from the beginning that this is about symbols . 
  and of course swastikas are symbols for the third reich , even if they have alternative uses in other cultures ( where it is usually turned the other way ) . 
  brb , just getting my ss uniform , 
   well christianity is also a pretty shitty religion you are right sir !, 
   does a cross trigger you ? 
  no , nor does a hijab . 
  and a swastika is only a pattern , right ? 
  thats like saying : `` a swastika is just a pattern . 
  how can you even get triggered by a pattern ? '', 
  well , its a symbol for a pretty shitty religion .
