they should n't , but many people in positions of power still will , because it does n't concern them . 
  you 'd be hard pressed to say true finns in finland are radical by any means . 
  have n't they said ` no ' enough times ? 
  as if requiring a visa would be the same as a travel ban . 
  estonians do n't have language problems with finns really . 
  can i be one of the people building this ? 
  you really are . 
  my icebreaker question when arriving at a new hostel is currently ` so , who 's the german here ? ', 
  having been around the world , i 'm surprised germany did n't rank higher , and that sweden is so low . 
  not surprised about norway , though . 
  ` ultra-nationalist ' ` true finns ' yep , got that far before calling total bullshit . 
  yeah , the guys are nationalist , but compared to most european nationalist parties , these guys are really tame . 
  we have separatist movements in finland ? 
  completely in agreement with this . 
  naked , everywhere . 
  it 's not even allowed to have a swimsuit on in most places . 
  towels are rare . 
  you see both single sex and mixed sex . 
  in swimming halls and such , it is _ usually _ single sex , in university parties and such mixed is more common . 
  family saunas vary . 
  sak has been against ubi as long as it has been talked about . 
  it could be one of the biggest losers if ubi came to be . 
  finland has a system of [ kolmikanta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_income_policy_agreement ) , which is strongly connected to the fact that our collective labour agreements are universally valid . 
  those agreements cover things like minimum wage , taxation , housing costs and a bulk of other things . 
  there has been a lot of talk about somewhat taboo subject of abolishing the universal validity of those agreements . 
  sak sees ( and probably has always seen ) ubi a step towards that , and as such , towards eroding its political power . 
  easy to read if you 're colourblind . 
  judging from the downvotes , likely . 
  that place looks absolutely stunning , and if this architecture actually makes it sound better , i am in awe . 
   communicate all you want in english , nordic it ai n't . 
  by dropping swedish you are shutting yourselves out of the wider cultural community that the nordic countries represent . 
  well that was quick entry to strawman territory . 
   sure , using english as a lingua franca you can order food at a restaurant , discuss american popular culture , or even work as a software developer in stockholm . 
  by using any language that both parties speak fluently , i can by definition discuss about * anything * . 
  i do n't think english language was limited as to be only able to describe american popular culture , and neither do you . 
   but you can not follow swedish politics as if swedish news did n't come out in english as well . 
   read a book review in politiken true  or watch a play in oslo . 
  this is debatable , and i 'm pretty sure norwegian would be better language for this one . 
   the other nordic countries will be no closer to you than any other western country . 
  uh , yes , they will , both figuratively and literally . 
  the language is not and has never been the only thing we have had in common . 
   your choice , but you are deluding yourselves if you think that there is n't a price to pay . 
  there 's always tradeoffs , sure , but kicked out of `` nordic club '' , hardly . 
  oh , cut the bullcrap , all the nordics have an actual common language in english , in which everyone above 10 years is fluent in . 
  you do n't need to be finnish in order for it to be easier to communicate in english than in swedish or danish or norwegian or icelandic or whatever . 
  finnish passport is not what it used to be ( others have gained on us , while we 've lost two agreements ) . 
  it 's still on the shared third place , but swedish passport is stronger currently , and germans beat us both . 
  edit : singapore beats us too , still in the third place , but the second place is shared between the swedes and singaporeans . 
  gah , you beat me to it . 
  wrote my own translation but it took me 30 minutes longer . 
  posted a translation in reply to op . 
  and personally i think most of this is total bs , but whatever , there 's the text . 
  there are parts that i translated worse than others , mostly because it was 4am and i was drunk while doing this . 
  i also could n't figure out a translation for `` kieliviha '' , which is translated directly to `` language hatred '' , but i think it basically means that there 's constantly growing issue that the people do n't like that they 're forced to learn swedish . 
  it 's nothing new , been on the rise ever since finland became independent , maybe even before that . 
  not direct word-to-word : i remember brightly the moment i became a nordist . 
  i was 17-years old , and our family had just moved to england . 
  in the middle of a semester , i wound up in an international high school . 
  i knew no-one , including the language . 
  at a dormitory party , the swedes and the norwegians heard that i was a finn and embraced me like a long-lost brother . 
  the swedish guy , clas , sang into my ears : `` ja , jag vill leva , jag vill d\u00f6 i norden !, 
  and in weeks i learnt the words of `` du gamla , du frian '' . 
  in 2017 , the nordic co-operation is like a fire-forged marriage . 
  the most passionate moments were after the war . 
  the nordic council was formed in 1952 , and the heads of nordic states wrote new contracts about freedom of movement , common employer markets and social issues with their quills on fire . 
  in 1970 's , the alliance was refreshed , when the nordic council of ministers was formed . 
  after that , the countries slowly grew apart . 
  finland and sweden joined the eu in 1990 's , which denmark was already a member of since 1973 . 
  now the nordists dream of third golden age . 
  the supporters of this - ism would fit in one volvo bus , which is a shame , since currently cooperation would be in high demand . 
  geopolitical tectonic plates are moving with the british leaving and eu crumbling . 
  russia is playing dirty games at the baltic sea and the launch codes of us nukes have been given to erratic roughneck . 
  the paradox of the nordics is that nordism is much more popular outside of the nordics . 
  in nordic airports you can see a steady flow of delegations , that come to wonder how these same countries can be leading all the possible studies - be it about welfare , education or equality . 
  realising the flattery , the nordics have begun the work on their brand . 
  it 's key concepts are the magic words like `` nordic noir '' , `` nordic cousine '' , `` nordic design '' and `` nordic cool '' . 
  these are marketing words . 
  why are we not talking about global rarities like equality , work on peace or welfare state . 
  there 's a manual to more integrated cooperation . 
  swedish historian gunnar wetterberg proposed in 2009 , that the nordics would form a federation that would have common currency , common job markets , and common policies in foreign , security and immigration . 
  the states would participate in close cooperation in research , education and culture . 
  it would become a 26 million inhabitant power and the 10th most powerful economical entity . 
  the leader of this union would be danish queen margareeta ii . 
  at the same time it would be a nod to kalmar union , a union of countries , that was given birth when the danish and norwegian queen also gained the swedish crown in 1389 . 
  wetterberg 's thoughts were not without response . 
  40 percent of nordic population thought the idea feasible . 
  at the latest , the federal idea was brought forth by economic conversionalist sixten korkman in his column in 2015 . 
  korkman did not think the thought was realistic , but listed the benefits of nordic cooperation . 
  i do n't support nordic federation , but i do support deeper integration in areas of economics , science , security and culture between the nordics . 
  i also do not wish for eu to break down , like paavo v\u00e4yrynen and some of the nationalistic politicians . 
  i wish for the nordics to raise their voices and lead the way for the world to follow : peaceful coexistence and cooperation holds strength . 
  nordics could hold a key position as the saviours of eu , says risto e.j. 
  penttil\u00e4 , the ceo of the central chamber of commerce , who is preparing a book about the issue . 
  penttil\u00e4 thinks the nordics should be `` beacon of liberalism and free trade in europe '' . 
  the nordic cooperation is still leaning on the treaty of helsinki , signed in 1962 . 
  it would need to be renewed , suggests penttil\u00e4 . 
  he encourages the finnish government to take the first step , for finland has not been making opening in foreign policy since paavo lipponen was the prime minister . 
  penttil\u00e4 tells he has mentioned the issue to current prime minister juha sipil\u00e4 and that he has already written a preliminary speech about the subject . 
  what is holding back the deeper integration of nordics ? 
  part of them belong to the nato , while others do not .
