  the problem is that its july, 
  a lot of people said that they would leave their position in case of a yes vote . 
  i like his theories and ideas but i dont know if they are feasible . 
  i want to believe in what he said . 
  but at the same time he doesnt help us so we can help him . 
  he doesnt say what exactly is going to happen if we vote no . 
  does europe has a bailout proposal just in case of no vote and they are going to sign it right away ? 
  what happens if something like that dont work . 
  will he negotiate for another week ? 
  and keep the banks close for more ? 
  they said that capital control is against their policies but yet they implemented it . 
  now he says that deposits are safe and you dont have to worry about that . 
  how can you trust him . 
  its obvious that after all those years with the austerity we made zero progress . 
  and that road leads nowhere . 
  but still i cant trust him . 
  propably . 
  well searching doesnt do much help either . 
  i wish could vote for the offer and the euro at the same time . 
  then i would have voted yes in euro but no in the plan that leads nowhere, 
  i like the guy . 
  and he doesnt sound like a politician in most of his interviews . 
  but still i cant decide what its gon na be best for the country . 
  sigh, 
  more than that . 
  this must be a joke . 
  second dash `` european '' omg, 
  exactly and the propaganda is working . 
  we are doomed, 
  if that manny people went done there even with the rain , well thats a good sign :p, 
  wait is this for yes or no . 
  thats what tsipras believes . 
  maybe he wants to show them that euro can lose a lot of grexit . 
  in all honesty i dont have a clue . 
  i just described what is going on right now, 
  old people know how bad it can gets . 
  younger ones dont know that , they think that trying to find a work is the worst it can happen . 
  pyrros dimas that grew in albania said that this roads leads to same situations and that he does not wish for greece to live how he did when he was young . 
  but people dont listen to him , because he belongs to pasok ( if i am not mistaken ) a party that supports yes . 
  the majority here will vote for no ( or they are just the ones that we hear the most ) . 
  also syriza said that a strong no will be a strong bargain chip . 
  so people dont believe that voting no would actually mean a grexit scenario, 
  i like how i live right now , its decent . 
  so i dont want to change that . 
  but i know that this road doesnt lead to anything . 
  also i can see why other people think that voting no might be better . 
  when you got nothing you cant lose much more . 
  most comments i see hate the eurozone but i doubt they actually see the common people as enemies . 
  mainly people got fed up of this situation and the government aim that rage towards the leaders . 
  anyway i just waste my time by worrying and searching to see whats going to happen . 
  i am gon na relax for the rest days ( as much as i can because i have exams at the same time :( ), 
  our goverment is ridiculous and sadly i dont think we have someone thats its better . 
  so its pretty much over what we choose . 
  i cant trust anyone anymore . 
  i dont mean what i read on internet . 
  i mean the comments i see from greek people and how they act . 
  and i am mainly joking . 
  well its not like tsipras kept all his promises . 
  the problem is that we voted him to take those decisions for us . 
  personaly i think its wronge to trust the people with a major decision like that . 
  the majority of the voters have no idea about politics . 
  ( not that i am master but i at least try to stay relevant ) anyway the measures are indeed insane and unfair and wont solve the problems or earn them any more money . 
  but i think leaving the ez is worse . 
  in the end we will see what works best fear or the propaganda of a glorious no . 
  thats what it comes to . 
  europe is based on a series of fuck ups :p, 
  no big deal to be honest . 
  the rest of the world calls it macedonia and we call it skopje . 
  its funny to fuck around with tourists tho when they call it macedonia and we correct them , they worry if they offended us . 
  `` macedonia '' , still hurts, 
  pretty much . 
  but they remember their ancestors only when it suits them . 
  internet made me believe that we are one of the worst :p, 
  exactly , and yet people call that democracy and call tsipras a worthy prime minister . 
  they fail to realise that he did it for himself more than anything . 
  yesterday i talked with some of my friends to see what they were thinking , i was shocked they all thought that money they have on banks wont go 1:1 with drachma when we leave euro , they think that there is no way of leaving euro and the ez . 
  also even if we go back to drachma they believe that europe will still help us early on . 
  delusions thats all i have to say . 
  you know i dont mind leave the ez but only if we had politicians that we can trust and a system that isnt full of loopholes . 
  even if we leave we will end up in the same situation so fast . 
  a lier like the rest of them . 
  when things got bad and he couldnt keep his promises he asked for a referendum to be safe whatever the answer . 
  he got in power because the rest are incompetence and people got fed up with them . 
  in the end he is a polician like the rest, 
  and yet so many people fell for that . 
  tsipras believes that :d, 
  he is joking , but al of people did that already :p, 
  and people cant realise that . 
  they still thing that its gon na be better after a while . 
  ( 1-2 years , sure ), 
  if you have someone that you know in some country it wont be as hard . 
  it would be a bit hard if you need to learn the native language tho . 
  the prolbem is for people that will start a new life in a new country that they dont know almost anything about . 
  cultural issues are not important imo, 
  a lot of people fail to realize that . 
  they think things are going to be better . 
  they thing that we will be able to produce whatever the country need . 
  they cant realize that this will get us at least 50years back, 
  he wanted greece out of europe from the start . 
  when we decided to have elections he decide to change his view and said that he wants greece in europe and that they will try to re-negotiate the terms .
