i hope that i dont have to go and vote again next month ... 
  i am done , there is not a single politician that i can trust to lead us in some kind of growth . 
  i am just gon na relax and not worry about that shit . 
  this shit happens all the time . 
  when i was in limnos for vacation , we had almost every day f16 chasing each other above our heads . 
  we do the same tho, 
  with their history i am not suprised . 
  same goes for us . 
  they rushed things . 
  really ? 
  but from what i have seen from the russian gamers online , i wouldnt be suprised . 
  i know . 
  i wish that we get it back before the end of august ... 
  to be honest , from what i see in the news latetly i am wondering if anything at all runs correctly in this country . 
  i doubt that will even slove the problems we have . 
  even if we leave the union and euro , the problems will still remain . 
  and there is no way that those guys are elected right now gon na get together to solve those problems ... 
  i am getting bored . 
  this is like a soap opera ... 
  well this makes me wann go play europa universalis -_-, 
  i am joking ofcourse . 
  let me have some fun jeez, 
  propably what `` hooligans '' did back then . 
  they roam cities and instead of graffiti , they sculpt dicks on statues, 
  i am fucking done ... 
  i havent seen snow in years :(, 
  my guess is that they will give greece a slightly better deal and tsipras will sign it . 
  seems to be the best for both parties . 
  oh my fucking god . 
  i said it how many 2-3 times ? 
  i said its gon na create a gap and that might lead to that , it might take months , years , decades i dont know . 
  but i believe its possible ... 
  right now ofcourse not . 
  and as i said it doesnt mean that its gon na happen right away . 
  anyway i am not expert nor have i lived through one before . 
  that is my opinion and i dont find it too far fetched . 
  how would you feel about the guys that made you lose your job , savings and led the country to the ground . 
  works both ways too . 
  for a yes vote and no vote, 
  i dont mean that we gon na find guns and start killing each other . 
  what i mean is that there is going to be created a gap that migh lead to something like that . 
  or some groups might find the chance to use that gap for their own purposes . 
  i couldnt explain it the best way possible but i hope you got what i mean , 
  in case of a grexit and return to drachma things are gon na get worse . 
  there is a small percentage that wants that . 
  and those guys are gon na be happy . 
  but the rest are gon na have a problem . 
  a lot of companies say that in case of grexit we will close the company and move out of the country , that means that a lot of people in private section will lose their jobs and any savings if they have them in greece and a lot of people got savings in greek banks . 
  and i dont mean savings above 50000 euros , but still an amount that will make you last for some years without a job . 
  so most of those people will vote yes . 
  in case of a no and grexit it will leave them with nothing . 
  then i am pretty sure that this gon na lead to riots and hate towards the goverment and propably against its other . 
  in such times its not hard for some groups to act and make things worse . 
  anyway things can get pretty bad if we split and i believe something like that is possible . 
  you can see it from now the people that vote no call everyone that votes yes stupid along with other things . 
  and when channels suddenly say that not matter the outcome we have to stay together i see a possible problem . 
  also in a yes vote this scenario is possible . 
  the guys that voted no start riots etc and one thing leads to another . 
  it might seems far fetched but in desperate times you never know how people might react . 
  i am not sure about that . 
  anyway no point in saying anything more now . 
  i wish tomorrow the result is gon na be the best for greece and avoid any possible bad outcome . 
  vote whatever you want but what i am worried more about is in case of a grexit we gon na have a civil war . 
  he said that he would resign but not leave politics or syriza, 
  pretty much, 
  i dont know . 
  all i have to say is that if the majority votes no and tsipras goes for a deal , i find it realy stupid to not make a deal . 
  its like a political suicide . 
  people would kill them because most want to remain in euro . 
  also i dont think europe will ever say that there is no deal to be made . 
  so what i am getting at is the real question is if tsipras really want to stay in euro or not . 
  why i vote yes ? 
  well lets start with this . 
  the company i was working for closed and i got fired . 
  because i was working there for many years they gave me an amount that is currently in deposit . 
  in case of a no vote things might work and get a better deal indeed but it also gets us closer to grexit and basicly me losing all my savings and without a job i am pretty much fucked . 
  on the other hand with yes at least you know that a deal will be made . 
  but lets be honest even with yes vote , this question will come up again later on . 
  now that was why i vote yes . 
  now what i think is that with a yes or a no europe can say that we wont make a new deal and that you should have signed back then . 
  and be forced to leave euro . 
  if i didnt have the money in deposit i would have voted no . 
  not because i trust syriza but because its obvious like you said that a solution is not possible if we follow that road . 
  i will just vote yes and play it `` safe '' . 
  but i am sure most will vote no . 
  people never learn . 
  pretty much . 
  those that vote yes are afraid of their deposits and a possible exit . 
  and those that vote no believe that we will get a better deal and everything is gon na be fine, 
  that is too late , for places that live just from tourism . 
  as i said to other post . 
  most people dont want to go back in drachma but they dont want to keep following the road that leads to nowhere . 
  also we do not believe that with no we would leave europe . 
  all channels push for a yes with fear tactics and all politicians that led us here come out to say that they would vote for yes . 
  politicians , tv stars , singers , everyone that has a name and plans to vote yes has come out to say it . 
  but when someone tries to tell that they will vote no they cut him off . 
  they asked an old man at an atm what he will vote he said no and they immediately pushed him away . 
  those tactics are working against them and force even more people to vote no . 
  dont listen to him . 
  here and on / r/greece he spams non-stop his opinions and how he is against tsipras .
