assad is secular and alawite , iran is shia , and thus saudi , controlled by radical salafists , despises them both . 
  turns out russia supports both therefore saudi hates russia by proxy . 
  yep , cold weather sucks . 
  i could never live somewhere like scandinavia . 
  mediterranean weather ftw . 
  all the great weather of spain + good economy = hell yes . 
  yes . 
  but are they ? 
   you 'll be in the company of delusional nostalgic russians who think they can change international borders as they see fit . 
  are they wrong ? 
  no , do n't be an idiot . 
  but obviously they prefer being part of russia , is majority ethnically russian , speak russian and historically have been part of russia . 
  edit : is anything i said incorrect ? 
  or are mad ukrainians downvoting me ? 
  the will of the people in those regions to be united , which obviously does n't exist in crimea . 
   just find another supplier of fuels ` just ' ? 
  if the people of crimea want to be a part of russia ( which they obviously do , but very likely not in the overwhelming numbers russia indicates ) , why should russia ` pay ' for annexing it ? 
  how is the usa relevant to this ? 
  why do you say that ? 
  wow , i did n't know the uk had a referendum on preferential voting and rejected it !, 
  bizzare , it seems much more fair than fttp to me . 
  do n't worry , you 'll grow out of it . 
  be less of a communist . 
  sovereignty is outdated , you 're right . 
  tell that to norway and switzerland , btw . 
  fighting for their country 's judicial sovereignty and independence , how terrible . 
  stop presenting the eu as ` europe ' . 
  not really , no . 
  good job for winning at subsidising an expensive and unreliable power source , whilst closing down nuclear and continuing to use coal . 
  all of the tabloids , yes , but not all of the newspapers . 
  i guess murdoch is a tabloid specialist . 
  so no , not all australian newspapers are awful . 
  so you do n't need a driver 's licence , just say your name and address and be on the register ? 
  good to hear if so , same as it is in aus and uk . 
  id cards are an unnecessary barrier to voting imo . 
  good result . 
  democracy in action . 
  britain . 
  nothing beats a good meat pie . 
  you ca n't really count abbott against australia without recognising that canada has an even more conservative pm . 
  harper + abbott , best friends forever . 
  new zealand and south australia could n't get over their issues with convicts , in fact i 'm surprised sa even federated . 
  australia does n't have fptp . 
  australia has a much superior system to the netherlands , bicameral parliament with preferential in the lower house and proportional in the upper house . 
  lol, 
  i really ca n't tell if you 're serious ... you want an entire ethnic group gone because of your ignorant hatred of them . 
  ok then ... 
  holy fuck what bigotry . 
  euro-zone monetary policy is a shambles and the ecb has utterly failed in its objective of 2 % inflation . 
  what a mess . 
  a more common reason given for the eurozone 's stagnation is its incompetent central bank , which did n't cut rates hard enough and sets monetary policy based on germany 's economy . 
  also it has an inabilty to buy sovereign debt , meaning countries are limited in their borrowing by what others are willing to lend to them , compared with normal situations/central banks where the central bank can act as a lender of last resort . 
  tl ; dr : the ecb and monetary policy are much greater reasons for why the eurozone is stagnant . 
  yes it does ... 
  the australian navy might , could be a fun toy ... 
  tl ; dr conservatives and economically literate people recognise the need for even mild price signals in reducing costs, 
  how is that at all relevant ? 
  ah , so it is optional to move to zus but if you choose not to it will be gradually moved anyway . 
  is the old private fund system gone ? 
  so all new social security taxes will go into the government fund ? 
  yes , but the uk still has the 4th highest exports in the world . 
   what tusk did was he took the money from these private institutions to save zus , and the polish budget forcibly ? 
  how did the government seize private assets ? 
  considering that the us is still the biggest economy by far and might never be overtaken by china , i would n't be so sure . 
   nobody imports from the uk what ? 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the uk exports much more than france ( $ 800 billion vs $ 580 billion ) . 
  the germans would be horrified !, 
  how depressing ... this makes it even more clear why so many brits immigrate to australia . 
  but the uk and ireland are much less sunny and have a higher debt-to-gdp ratio ... 
   russia did a thousand times more than the us in ww2 bs . 
  hide it !? 
  on reddit at least , canadians seem to be some of the most nationalistic people . 
   finland could be a base close enough to st. petersburg to make the russians sweat a little bit . 
  how is that a good thing ? 
  at all ? 
   australian healthcare is already expensive enough . 
  it 's free at point of use . 
  thanks . 
  no thanks . 
  worse than british style and marginally better than the us . 
  easily russia 's . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  heaps of countries have copayments . 
  would far prefer australia style over uk style . 
  $ 7 doctor fees ? 
  the sky is falling , the sky is falling !, 
  how is that relevant ? 
  stop caring so much about a user 's flag . 
  oh , yes , inherited wealth is terrible . 
  if only we lived under a socialist paradise where the workers stole the capital from the kapitalist upper class , right comrade ? 
  have you been living under a rock for the past 6 months ? 
  of course the us armed isis . 
  it 's not that they were able to purchase weapons with stolen money and oil revenue , and steal equipment from overrun iraqi forces . 
  the us equipped isis !, 
  yes , i 'd love for australia to take the waste . 
  unfortunately australia is similarly afflicted with anti-nuclear idiots , although not as badly . 
  germans + nuclear power = hysterics, 
  but why would canada or russia want to join the eu ? 
  the eu 's primary advantage to member countries is that it makes them more relevant and able to negotiate internationally .
