fyi , afaik it 's not only for people from eu , but also for people actually living in eu ( i.e. 
  non tourists ) . 
  enjoy . 
   we do n't even think about the eu unless we have to . 
  since trade law is common to all eu states we negotiate a trade treaty with the eu . 
  since you issues national passports we consider you to be many countries , not one . 
  esta overstay = visa overstay , is n't it ? 
  for the employment discrimination , i guess this will need to happen , just because it will surely happen from eu countries . 
  at least from a french point of view , that 's the current law and i do n't see the law changing to make you an exception . 
  but then , this probably wo n't affect people already here , as it is quite easy to give them a permanent resident status ( so you are almost treated as an european , at least in terms of working permits ) . 
  did he have a good internet connection ? 
  who is not greedy ? 
  there were many different versions of the `` law '' 2 . 
  none of them was enough to remove the citizenship of someone , they just allowed common law to rule about that , a common law that holland would not have time to pass anyway ( yes , we spent 4 months discussing about nothing ) ; 3 . 
  the version approved by the `` assembl\u00e9e '' was about french born people with or without other citizenship ( either by birth or acquired during life ) . 
  the version approved by the `` s\u00e9nat '' was about french people , with at least one other citizenship . 
  fun fact : it seems that the treaty on the reduction of statelessness has not been ratified by france ; therefore it is not on the scope of article 55 . https://treaties.un.org/pages/viewdetails.aspx?src=treaty&amp;mtdsg_no=v-4&amp;chapter=5&amp;lang=en, 
  once it 's established that it 's a plane full of refugees ; only if the plane accepts to be ` escorted ' out . 
  no country will destroy a plane full of refugees . 
   actually they can put people on a plane and send them , that does n't mean the receiving countries will accept them , but even if they do n't , they ca n't send the people back without violating the same treaties . 
  money does n't grow in trees , if you give a tax break to someone , the others will pay for it . 
  you know that `` more taxes '' and `` less taxes '' are two sides of the same coin , right ? 
  when you rise taxes , you do that to spend more o some people ( therefore reducing the weight of taxes on them ) ; and when you recuse taxes for some , some others need to pay more to even things out . 
  actually , there is a difference . 
  since both are eu , you can go to romania and enjoy some rights . 
  you ca n't say the same about syria . 
  you know , people living illegally in eu ca n't get welfare already ... 
  at least in france , they ca n't loose their nationality in this kind of situation , i assume in other countries it is similar . 
  by the way , it seems they ca n't prove he did anything , how can they realistically do anything with him ? 
  i can talk about brazil . 
  you ca n't say that europeans left brazil , since it has a complete different history when compared to african nations . 
  europeans came and founded the country from scratch ( by completely destroying the societies that lived there before ) . 
  then it got its independence leaving the son of the king of portugal as king of brazil ... 
  would you care to develop your argument ? 
  basic income is usually sold as `` give x eur '' to every citizen every month , no conditions , no questions asked . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  by the way , every schengen country has the power to decide who gets a schengen visa at this moment , each country is already deciding for all others who enters freely . 
  because non eu citizens ( in your example , brazilians ) have no freedom of movement and installation in europe ? 
  by the way , many countries do not need visas to come to eu already . 
  you know , when people say they are economic migrants instead of refugees they imply that governments should n't give them asylum , because there 's no reason to ... 
  they are migrants , because they are emigrating from their countries ( no matter why ) , they are asylum seekers if they ask for asylum ( not all of them ask for it ) ,, 
  why do you say it 's based on the right of soil ? 
  so , what about building a big fence ? 
  `` the fact that they lived in parallel worlds of anti-republicanism and reactionary islamic fundamentalism is not a problem ? '', 
  if they are french born citizens and they lived in parallel words , this is a problem , a french problem , not a problem of whatever ancestry they happen to have . 
  i would like to remind you that the only reasons these people retain their french citizenship are that : 1 . 
  they are dead , so it 's too late ; 2 . 
  france decided to not make people stateless , so if they have only one citizenship , they will remain french . 
  yes , most rules have exceptions . 
  i think there 's a misunderstanding here . 
  the point is not that french people do not believe in `` french ethnicity '' . 
  the point is that the french state/nation , was not built upon it . 
  that is by choice , with its pro and cons . 
  and that means that some ethnically french people are not necessarily french citizens and some non ethnically french people will be french citizens . 
  does anyone have more information on the case beyond what has been copied and pasted among news websites ? 
  after looking at a dozen of websites , it seems that the rapper attacked `` france '' and `` french '' people , but was sued * specifically * for `` hate speech '' against `` native french/white french '' . 
  the point is , something targeting * specifically * these groups is nowhere to be found , at least not in the news . 
  a french court stating that references to `` french people '' imply preferentially white people/native ( de souche ) french , would make 10 times more noise than that in france . 
  so what ? 
  on a country level nobody would want to go back to those times , on a personal level life would n't change much for most people . 
  voting a law people ca n't understand , is n't that anti democratic ? 
  waiting for england , which they know will eventually come , even if a little bit late ... 
  for me the worst thing is that this shows how bad we are in managing resources . 
  you see these policemen ? 
  these are the ones that could n't care about trucks circulating hours before the nice attack , when it was forbidden ; or could n't care about it when it was on it way to it , even though it was still forbidden ... now they are on the beaches controlling women clothings :(, 
  start by calling german whoever the german state says is german . 
  concerning the first point , the government is not * `` really '' behind this , but a civil association representing muslims . 
  ps : reality is is a little bit more complicated than that , but the answer is clearly no , the french government will not create a religious tax , and will not use tax money for funding religion . 
  there * will * be some radicalisation , but then if it is in a mosque controlled by them they will be held `` responsible '' for at least making it stop . 
  who controls the money makes the rules . 
  this solution is much better than letting foreign states fund local mosques . 
  it 's like speed limit laws , you can say that they are unenforceable because the government ca n't follow everyone every time . 
  in practice , it 's enough to establish good control mechanisms at well chosen points ( eg when your bitcoins become fiat ) and you can generate enough money and punish enough people that most people will try to follow the rules most of the time . 
  believe be , in france , in the capital it can take up to 8 months to renew the visa of someone that lives in france , even for many years , even when nothing apart from the expiration of the last visa changed . 
  remember that immigrant related bureaucracy is very underfunded , since users are not voters . 
  in short : 3-6 months is nothing when dealing with immigrants . 
  i can see why it happens : it 's cheaper . 
  for a eu country , sending someone back to another neighbouring country is almost free ... sending someone to africa , is expensive , specially if there 's a risk of the deported person not being accepted by the destination country ... 
  this is yet another case of something that needs a eu level solution : not deports between eu countries , only to outside , it 's better to everybody . 
  btw , a major shift to the left would cause a civil war too ... 
   remember that the formal exit process has an end date of 2 years after day 0 that 's the default timeline for the exit process ... 
  but it can be longer or shorter if everybody agrees on that . 
  my argument is ...  if you do n't have anything to bring to the table and you 're not willing or able to move to another table , you wo n't get fed . 
  that 's not even capitalism ... that 's with us since the beginning of life on earth ... 
  probably like the difference between a researcher visa and a work permit in france ... 
  the former is quite easy to get , almost no questions asked , the later ... we 'll much more complicated . 
  at some point , when the time for some vote on eu will come . 
  they either wo n't come , and it will a de facto `` leave '' , or they will come and people will ask `` what are you doing here ? 
  come on , we both know this is not about those brains leaving eastern europe , but about the ones arriving in your country ... 
  governments negotiate treaties , not countries ( people ) . 
  they 'd need to convince the rest of eu ... 
  true . 
  but it 's what happens between the short and the medium terms ( i.e. 
  now ! ), 
  that defines how markets will behave medium/long term . 
  in fact , 46 mil people agreed enough with the rules to register , and 33mil agreed enough with them to vote . 
   if everyone creates their products via automated means , then who is going to buy them ? 
  just notice that automation is never free ( zero cost ) . 
  if you sell it for less than what it costs to buyers , people will eventually buy it . 
  the main problem here is that eu tries to build some independent big monster while keeping its member states independent .
