  and 3 ? 
  and 5 ? 
  watching people squabble on the internet about international politics is amusing . 
  is this the part where i fire all my guns into the sky and shout murica ? 
  nope, 
  now there is one place that does not deserve the prefix saint . 
  it is part of the argument and general circumstances surrounding ` brexit ' in which i am interested , if you do n't like it , do n't fecking read it , that 's what those of us who do n't care about the refugee crisis have been doing for the last few months . 
  so do n't read it then , others might . 
  i hear there 's a million syrians to keep you company . 
  alternatively the scottish should also look out for their best interests , they have free will to , if they want to stay in the eu and the rest of the uk does n't then it 's fair game . 
  we still have bins , just see through bags rather than explodey shrapnel metal ones, 
  not much . 
  one does not simply insult greggs and get away with it . 
  i used to play it ( in the uk ) , so few people played it that the lowest level competition in my area covered the entire north of england , for comparison my town has its own basketball , football and rugby leagues , but the closest handball one was an hour and half drive away . 
  read the second part of my comment . 
  this changes nothing apart from changing how palestine is labelled , the same problems will exist whether it is a non state or a state . 
  so being a failed state is much worse than being a failed non state entity , even if they are other wise exactly the same ? 
  its not as if by recognising palestine as a state an entirely new humanitarian crisis is going to suddenly pop out of nowhere , the problems already exist . 
  i think you 're overestimating how much it takes to derail the government in ni . 
  that whole episode just stunk of the unionists just looking for an excuse . 
  besides , the government has returned now , considering the government was suspended due to disagreements for 5 and a half of the first 10 years after gfa it 's reasonable to say that . 
  i think the `` ira still being active '' is a tad misleading , elements operating under the same name but without the aims , size , support , links or reach of the old ira . 
  but john mcdonnel is a pinko bastard , helped the ira kill our boys !! 1 !!! 2 !!, 
  said so in the sun , must be true, 
  the commonwealth includes more than canada and the uk mate . 
  really ? 
  invasion of tibet and intervention in korea would say otherwise , said he was prepared to lose 300m chinese to further the revolution . 
  compared to other empires , specifically the dutch and belgian , the british empire took comparatively less from the colonies , yes , they were used for profit , though the whole `` white mans burden '' and status thing was arguably as important , mao thought he was doing what was best for the chinese ( though it was n't ) , and when the british empire took over much of africa it thought it was doing what was best for the locals ( though it was n't ), 
   it 's too easy to claim incompetence to wipe away all the dirt . 
  you literally just did that for mao . 
  can we not ? 
  the majority in india and ireland got killed due to the incompetence of the british government to run those places , the empire was n't that crazily genocidal . 
  i think in the time period after the fall of the empire that would have been an extremely difficult thing to create . 
  [ and here is some nazis stand\u012bng around looking at england ] ( http://static.bbc.co.uk/history/img/ic/640/images/resources/events/hitler_postpones_the_invasion_of_britain.jpg ), 
  yes , national fail consistently performs lower than most comparable nations . 
  i do n't know where this is from but i saw a similar thing in [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/k3ijpjlc6zy?t=9m31s ) podcast from the lse , but i ca n't remember the timestamp . 
  many british people have a problem understanding scousers too xd, 
  also , start small , work your way up from toy tanks , do n't throw yourself under the proverbial tank . 
  and now procrastinating more on reddit . 
  everyone loves a cheeky genocide now and then . 
  chairman lmao, 
   if uk hold it 's eu referendum in 2016 it votes to leave the eu . 
  i dunno , i think the uk will stay . 
  your assuming it 's regular glass , could be extra strength , if you were fitting out a place to be flood resistant getting strong windows would be a priority . 
  could have been specially installed/designed . 
  if they are in a frequently flooded area they could have had special water tight fittings in order to reduce insurance prices . 
  on average worldwide i think , not in the uk . 
  we hate cameron more though , you ca n't take that from us . 
  and americans always idolise shitty tv show hosts who are n't actually that funny . 
  you made me laugh and now i feel bad . 
  the germans . 
  tbf russians have a much harder job . 
  it 'll be mainly labour mps going as they stand for the areas with lower turnout . 
  obviously that 's the result of a completely non partisan decision . 
  fds , i 'm not to knowledgeable on this stuff it seems . 
  was he aware that the ring had survived and was being hidden ? 
  i recall somewhere that it took him some time to exert his pressure and for the ring to become active again . 
  was the ring seeking sauron at that point ? 
  was sauron even in a position to receive the ring ? 
  * nothing * is off limits in polandball , that 's the point . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34952954 bbc article, 
  i think it was a reference to the iraqi army being routed by poorly armed jihadis . 
  yeah , it doesnt take size or capability of vessels into account , or how well armed and equipped troops are , how good the equipment is , the doctrine and quality of the trainings etc. . . 
  i know that where it says our number of aircraft carriers is the same it is a bit misleading , it put them at equal whilst we currently have a small aircraft carrier at the end of its service life with no planes to use it . 
  i was wondering why that ship was there , but this one looks a lot more capable . 
  there are twats of every nationality , do n't worry . 
  some of their views are more along the lines of saudi arabia , not the west . 
  it looks like the freedom america loves can be measured in rounds per minute . 
  i would actually really like this , it would help with criticisms of unaccountability and make the whole thing more open , the only issue is policing the election campaign , we do n't want it to get fucked up like the us system , big money has to be kept out , on top of that there 's the problem of language barriers and people just voting for someone because they 're the same nationality rather than for policy or ideology . 
  indian states fought and won wars with weaker states , we have different definitions of developed it seems . 
  the indians fought plenty of wars with the british, 
  well yes , you cant read what people are speaking , something to do with that being sound . 
   ( japan ? ), 
  not saying i disagree with your point , but the whole being taken over by the usa after ww2 had something to do with that . 
  yeah , good luck suing the head of state . 
  uneddit is your friend . 
  it 's a bit far fetched to say that either france or the uk are superpowers ... 
  i do n't believe that what the scouse , geordies or scottish speak could be constituted as english . 
  i do n't understand how language works in ireland , is english counted as a foreign language or is it more like wales where english is more used ? 
  i 'm 90 % sure that / u/danmerz is not ivan puluj, 
  easy to recognise why , if i was irish i 'd have the same reaction . 
  i think it 's a general saying , not just got . 
   who says tb ? 
  yes , the who says tb, 
  he 's a sneaky snake , he 's lying . 
  thing is , trump does n't say anything at all , all of his responses to all of the questions that are posed revolve around `` umm , yeah , i 'm gon na do something real good about that '' and he never delivers actual answers apart from the great wall of trump and his shitty tax plan . 
  * refugees will take my unemployment benefits m\u00e9gathread, 
   got caught in a time vortex do n't be silly , they just fired it from a long way away , it just took a while to get there . 
  or you can just take my recommendation of an enjoyable book and not be a dick !, 
  both of you !, 
  can i recommend you read `` war : what is it good for ? '', 
  really good book on this topic . 
  are you sure , the uk is a net contributor to the eu , you dont get many of thise , plus , we kick up a stink , but generally follow the regulations , unlike other countries , like france . 
  yes , it 's never done , ever ever ever . 
  at all . 
  very rude . 
  never done . 
  was there not a gap between france leaving in 54/5 post geneva conference and us becoming involved ? 
  well yeah , it 's aimed at a british audience , but the show ventures out of it 's home country more than say us superheroes or something . 
  that was essentially the choice in the us election and look how that went,
