   a very left wing paper , ah , those very left wing papers that come out for the tories during elections ? 
  yeah , the times and telegraph both have pro eu leanings , whilst the express , the sun and the daily mail are all scaremongering anti eu papers . 
  nah mate , if there 's one set of people who can be trusted to fuck things up , and be rather underhand and conniving it 's british politicians , i 'd rather not give them more power . 
  keep calm , i have informed the authorities , they should be on their way now . 
  if you stay still , they might not see you , i hear their vision is based on movement . 
  ca n't see them over the channel in calais any more . 
  think they moved a bit further inland . 
  there 's a buttload of people in here defending turks . 
  yeah , probably pissed and face down in a ditch somewhere, 
   nobody is complaining a lot of people do , the language in that thread also happens to be derogatory . 
  i dislike that kind of shit whether its europeans or turks . 
  [ i beg to differ ] ( http://cdn-frm-us.wargaming.net/wot/us/uploads/monthly_04_2013/post-1011342-0-94934500-1365919264.jpg ), 
  no brits ? 
  which could reference either public feeling or the international community . 
  does n't mean its about the turks . 
  but then we came back with a ship full of gold and ownership of some random patch of jungle , now it 's just a bad hangover and an std . 
  holy shit dat thread, 
  it 's not as if we 're not getting free trade dals whilst in the eu , south korea , canada , ttip ( possibly ) and these are much better for us given that they were negotiated from the position of the largest trading block in the world , rather than a country desperate to get a deal signed in 2 years . 
  this case , over wrecks from the battle of jutland , its not scuba divers , it 's boats going out and taking whole sections of the sunken vessel for scrap . 
  much easier to hit a boat than a scuba diver . 
  hopefuly it will , however i 've heard stories about salvage crews going out to war graves and looting them . 
  apologies for using the sun as a source : http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/7167933/world-war-one-sea-graves-hit-by-looting.html, 
  the economist said that he would run if the economy improved , but that he would likely have a lesser chance even in that case than another member of the socialist party . 
  more like guantanamo, 
  hey !, 
  be nice to the bavarians !, 
  they ca n't help it !, 
  holy shit that was brutal . 
  what was the context ? 
  they were dying in the mediterranean sea , coming over from north africa , last year too , it 's just in smaller numbers than the balkans , now that the eastern flow has stopped the mediterranean flow becomes main news again . 
  trust the latvian, 
  you mean ` shitty council houses ', 
  thats a tad far do n't you think . 
  he did n't kill yer mum or anything . 
  leave it mate , he 's being a twat . 
  tell them not to be silly and fight ? 
  yeah , it 's completely stupid to say that one factor defined how the middle east turned out . 
  not quite sure why this is controversial , but oh well . 
  his crew just mostly disbanded , still very resentful about that . 
  your story makes me all warm and fuzzy inside , getting one over the nefarious queue dodgers . 
  well it 's good they 've started already then isnt it . 
  1 reason for eu nations to not want us to leave . 
  kippers = ukip, 
  what was the saying ? 
  america got the industry , france got the wine and britain got the rubble ? 
  it 's because hillary said she and bill were `` dead broke '' after they left the whitehouse . 
  [ like the gop website ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e8jqxde.png?1 ) used to be , `` we do n't know what 's wrong but unlike president obama we 're working to fix things '' with a picture of obama playing golf . 
  their syria , israel/palestine and ukraine videos are actually very good . 
  most of the stuff about the uk/west though and the articles is just edgy bullshit though, 
  aaaaaaaannnddd on the watchlist you go, 
  the only thing i know about straw dogs is that someone in the sandford dramatic society played a cadaver in it . 
  bit rich coming from the belgians though aint it . 
   i knew both of those nasheeds as i listen to them at work . 
  you 're on the watchlist then, 
  [ it was a joke ], 
  learn how to fake a good brummie accent , you wont get hounded through the street . 
  no one pays attention to brummies . 
  yeah , obama is generally viewed very positively over here . 
  just sayin , a northern irish dissident is gon na put their flare as roi , not ni :p, 
  brb making several litres of tea, 
  is it luxembourg ? 
  he 's right , on the way home today i was stoned to death no less than 3 times , forced to watch the execution of all the gays and then made to beat my wife . 
  most inconvenient . 
  m ' bus driver, 
  i think that is an exaggeration of his role in the bengali famine . 
  he also saved the uk from the third reich and helped bring a quicker end to the third reich , possiblly saving millions more lives . 
  what are your favourite biscuits ? 
  four , there 's one in the bottom right in the blue bit atm, 
  yeah corsica and sardinia are fairly famous ... got ta start somewhere though !, 
  no , do you get overly aggressive on internet comments ? 
  i 'm a brit and it took me a minute to realise, 
  ben `` start the war to kill 6 million more '' garrison ? 
  higher the firepower higher the quality of life obviously , fuck having affordable healthcare when you can spend all your money on guns, 
  why would europe need carriers ? 
  it would n't need all of the fancy shit like the us , just enough to defend itself , which it really isnt far off today . 
  number of guns per person directly correlates with quality of life , ergo should be included, 
  whilst i do n't necessarily disagree , that is completely unrelated to the topic of discussion . 
  we did n't deny them their vote though . 
  the actions of a few does not invalidate the concerns of many . 
  we gave a vote to scotland though . 
  the city of london does n't want one . 
  ever heard of an aquifer ? 
  or a reservoir ? 
  okey dokes , fair enough !, 
  ah right i was using this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/area_and_population_of_european_countries, 
  with their guns, 
  the population density of england is actually higher than that of belgium and the netherlands , it just drops considerably when you add in wales and scotland . 
  more like the temperate zones where the climate is more similar to that of europe , mozambique , zimbabwe , algeria , ( i think angola ) and south africa all had settlers in large numbers . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/dec/14/dnc-hillary-clinton-emails-hacked-russia-aide-typo-investigation-finds http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/us/private-security-group-says-russia-was-behind-john-podestas-email-hack.html?_r=0, 
  selectively exposing truth , funny it was n't the emails of the gop establishment fretting over trump or the internal dynamics of the house/senate on display , just john podesta 's risotto recipes . 
  i bet you 're a southern pansy !, 
  tone * is * the right way to say it though, 
  i thought it was like gone for normal ones and like tone for savoury ones ? 
  they turned me into a newt, 
  and their reliance on the status quo, 
  what originally fucked it up was ni self rule/devolution where the protestants discriminated against the catholics in almost all areas of life , westminster direct rule was brought in as a response to the violence and merely continued the fucking up . 
  you know full well the feeling is more than a little mutual !, 
  like the uk and the falklands/gibraltar !, 
  the bbc is great , just do n't look on their facebook page if you want their interesting content . 
  not sure about 30 odd , but there was this guy , who was conscripted by the japanese in korea , captured by the russians and made to fight on the eastern front , then captured by the germans and made to fight on the western front .
