yes . 
  and everyone else who 've invaded/migrated ... 
  really nice city , great views from the tv tower and victory column , lots to do , would go again !, 
  i just got back from berlin , so true , even the random people at the food stalls switched to english after 5 seconds, 
  yeah , die welle is also fairly relevant but pretty depressing . 
  also something that isnt nazis or depressing, 
   thank god we 've got a government of pedophille rape gangs that protects us from the evils of nicotine . 
  ftfy, 
  if they were british police ... then maybe not so much ... 
   in fact , ** most ** people do not hate or wish to harm them like muslim extremists . 
  well that 's reassuring, 
  islamists and militant feminists , reddit is going to melt trying to figure out who to hate more, 
  beware of the downkendals from / r/unitedkingdom readers who will be angered at the insinuation that supreme leader jc wont win the election, 
  and chapters about the people who dont survive in medieval castles, 
   in the education system , just 62 of northern ireland 's 1,044 schools are integrated while catholic and protestant children and teachers continue to be largely educated or trained separately . 
  holy shit, 
  yeah , i think we 'd know if the ira were back in any serious way . 
   what is the dup / uup actually hoping to achieve ? 
  no power sharing means direct rule from westminster . 
  when the conservatives have such a small majority and the eu referendum is on the horizon , the dup could get a lot of influence , possibly more than they had at stormont by helping the conservatives with their few mps . 
  but that 's just baseless talk from me . 
  he 's actually not a british agent . 
  we do n't actually need to send agents to france to create infighting . 
   we really fucked up the iraq war but that was n't our people it was that cunt blair . 
  we protested against that for ages . 
  a million people took to the streets in our biggest demonstration ever against that war . 
  but hey , we 're all warmonger rite ? 
  * swamp german, 
  just because your state run news is bad , does n't mean ours is too . 
  the bbc quite often goes against the government . 
  ah but that 's not just britain being perfidious , thats the french being suspect too , so that would n't make as good an anti britain thread . 
  does n't it get boring after a while ? 
  so its britains fault for the armenian genocide now too ? 
   some furry but extremely deadly creatures at your enemies . 
  canadians ? 
  dont make me use the tories on you, 
  get back in line you strange sounding englishman, 
   indicative of either you not considering poland to ~ really ~ be part of the west, 
   the widespread labelling of poland as `` eastern european '' in the uk is indicative of either you not considering poland to ~ really ~ be part of the west or general ignorance of european geography ( or a mixture of the two ) . 
  did you not state that it was a contributing factor to a feeling of a lack of recognition ? 
  im sorry , but that aint a valid reason to go on strike , it 's like scottish people going on strike because of people confusing england/uk/great britain , when in reality , no ne cares . 
  * croat ftfy :p or wait , is he greek ? 
  but central europe ai n't the west either , so its kinda irrelevant , just a mistake . 
  being part of the `` west '' is not solely geographic . 
  ah , ok , i 'll give it a try . 
  * fuk u u lil fagot , wot u sayin bout me u fukin skreb , now gim me ur wallet . 
  * sad thing is that 's true . 
  * fukkin load of wankaz round ere *, 
  the only good beaches are in norfolk and the south west . 
  * the only good beaches are in norfolk and the south west . 
  are we bragging about our terrorists being better than theirs ? 
  again . 
  yeah , if no wants to win , it 'll have to appoint a figurehead that has * some * popularity, 
  you can do this joke for zimbabwe too , you just reverse the order of the numbers, 
  but what about the gingers ? 
  it has improved since the election , or more specifically , since everyone calmed down after the election . 
  we did a couple of terms on the british empire , with the main focus on slavery , and then we did northern ireland my gcse coursework . 
  there is n't enough time devoted to history lessons to cover all the crap the british empire did , and if you could find time , all the rest of the important stuff would get missed out . 
  when i went through school we did the partition of ireland and the troubles , and slavery , which i think is a pretty fair coverage for school , though i do agree on official recognition . 
  wait , r/uk is n't connected to r/gibraltar ?? 
  edit : i just went and checked r/gibraltar , 90 % of the posts are from one guy , they seem a little lonely . 
  that is a pretty brilliant picture , startling . 
  oh god , that last one is horrific, 
  help !, 
  help !, 
  we 're being oppressed !, 
  i recognised that style of illustration , and went and checked it out and he also illustrated the edge chronicles , one of my favourite series of books when i was a kid . 
  ah right , thanks, 
  how long does it take for copyright on music to run out ? 
  the link to mozart is blocked because of copyright in the uk, 
  i think the younger generations are mainly pro europe with the older generations being more eurosceptic . 
  not sure tbh , they do have some rebellious and disillusioned backbenchers , though they may be quietened by the prospect of an eu referendum . 
  their majority in practise will be larger than that , there are 4 sinn fein members in parliament that cant vote because they refuse to take an oath of loyalty to the queen , plus the speaker always votes with the government in the case of a tie , so its really a larger majority . 
  not that surprised tbh, 
  although we did invade that , like we have done to most of the world . 
  the echr is not international law , it is a voluntary treaty . 
  i am not saying it is a good or a bad thing for the uk , i am just saying , it is a thing , the most the courts can do is issue a declaration of incompatibility for new bills . 
  its authority over the commons is purely moral . 
  dude , it does whatever the fuck it wants . 
  http://www.parliament.uk/about/how/sovereignty/  in theory at least , parliament could repeal any of the laws implementing these changes . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-28753874 parliament just ignores the echr when it wants , it 's not binding . 
  parliament has sovereignty in the uk , nothing overrules it , not even the echr . 
  see the case of votes for prisoners and abu qatada being sent to jordan anyway . 
  parliament already has the power to overrule any echr declarations though , like with votes for prisoners, 
  what a cock, 
  i can do better , one word . 
  multiculturalism . 
  they currently have a degree of fiscal autonomy , around 3 % from the tax rate by westminster , [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-20314150 ) , yet it has never been used , and are due to get 30 % when the promised devo max comes , yet for votes that only concern england , they have an equal vote to an english mp . 
  i can understand why they might vote on issues that would affect them or the whole uk , but not on english issues , like they do . 
  dat geographical concentration, 
  no , scotland does get too much power , scotland has its own assembly , holyrood , which has devolved powers on certain areas , like education , transport and healthcare , on which non scottish mps can not vote . 
  however , english matters are voted on in parliament at westminster , where mps from all the uk get to vote , so like in the first tuition fees vote under labour , ** scottish mps can cast the deciding votes on english issues , which do not effect them ** , whereas english mps can not do the same to scotland . 
  in the case of tuition fees , because of scottish mps , they were introduced in england , whereas it was decided by holyrood not to have any in scotland . 
  by respected you mean ignored by the rest of the uk because most of the time they are totally irrelevant , and when they do become relevant , like now with the possibility of a very close hung parliament , when they do have power , there 's a growing awareness of their craziness . 
  scotland and trident , even though labour would get the tories voting with them to keep trident, 
  because it scares english voters , a lot , enough to make them vote conservative , and the snp are dead set against trident, 
  apart from the west lothian question business, 
  wondering whether this will be ed milibands tuition fees, 
  snp supporter = / = supporter of independence, 
  coalition and confidence and supply agreements between labour and snp have been ruled out by ed miliband , thats not to say they wont happen though,
