  2010 was the first since the war, 
  it was just the liberals at that point , the lib dems are a different party founded in the second half of the 20th century, 
  basic as in , no one is stupid enough to actually contest the fact that they existed and happened, 
  dude , its pretty basic history , and im not the one making the claim in the first place . 
  i wouldnt go around asking people for a source when the say the cherokee or the roman empire existed ... 
  or you could just google the golden horde, 
  are you part german as well ? 
  then you 'd be the worst combo possible :p, 
  wow , til , britain has done shit things in its past , like almost every other european country , including spain . 
  mind = blown . 
  personally , not being an absolute expert on these , i dont think there was an overarching plan or intent in any way to cause the suffering , just a total lack of human empathy to stop it or intervene . 
  are they not the same ? 
  its not well known in britain either , but im not sure about th whole hell bent bit , personally i just think it was horrific mismanagement , that he wasnt bothered about . 
  urmmmm , about that, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ shhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, 
  haha , no , you must be hearing things , of course not . 
  * runs away *, 
  ^ ^ ^ dont ^ ^ ^ mention ^ ^ ^ india, 
  no genocide here , carry on with your business , nothing to see . 
  still a large amount of people , blaming everything , like the housing crisis , congestion , falling standards in education , on immigrants . 
  edit : admittedly nowhere near the level of turkey or russia but still the same vein . 
  well , not exactly that but i can tell you there 's ukip in the uk blaming almost everything on immigrants xd, 
  is that right ? 
  350m per ship ? 
  there are arguments that the japanese were merely waiting for response from the soviets about a separate peace before surrendering, 
  i think by watching the video you 'll find its actually a joke :p, 
  well , he 's still on the same side , so ... 
  woosh, 
  cases are a pain in the ass, 
  yes , we need to make everyone else drive on the left ... 
  try being english , they dropped the fucking ball to early, 
  foreign language education in britain is absolutely terrible, 
  yeah , i doubt that they 'd want to keep troops in the falklands . 
  so not an army just a unification of procurement , but also not an army because that would be wrong and undiplomatic but we also need one because we 're laughed at . 
  snow supremacy, 
  aha , all the stories are weather reports xd, 
  http://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/story_medium/public/thumbnails/image/2015/09/09/20/web-refugees-graphic-2.jpg from jan-jun 2015 , there 's clearly a large number coming across via the central and western routes . 
  i do n't think the refugee crisis is over yet , wait until this summer for another resurgence in attempts to get into europe, 
  \\ #justedgyneckbeardthings, 
  or starvation, 
  or had a very long winter themed holiday to the far east of siberia free of charge . 
  but less likely to claim other types of benefit . 
  yes , june 24th, 
  yep , inter war and in the war the indian army was massive too , you 'd get british people going over there to serve in it . 
  i do n't really hear of many canadians suggesting building walls, 
  i was thinking that canada might help fix the dysfunctional areas of the us , politics , health . 
  or maybe canada could fix the us . 
  well , it was more the damned french but that 's the gist of it . 
  well we did go to war , it was n't us that was attacked was it ? 
  we could have sat behind the channel and done nothing for the duration . 
  and a dash of terrorism, 
  no , but i dont remember voting for any of the lords , ministers or the queen, 
  we do n't have laws forced upon us mate , we elect people to represent us in the formation and passing of these laws, 
  we are 6 % of eu trade , they can afford to make us wait , and get the terms they want , we need them more than they need us . 
  you are 50 % of the way towards being a smartass though , chin up, 
  that doesnt mean that america has n't been dicks to different ethnicities , not saying the uk has n't but the us definitely has too . 
   gradually the traders were forced southwards down the coast away from the stronghold of sierra leone . 
  but there were still many ships that could not be touched because they flew the flags of nations that did not have a treaty with britain . 
  the legislation inspired by james stephen , to allow the seizure of neutral ships trading with ports under french control , helped see the end of the british slave trade but its impact on american trade in general embittered relationships between the countries leading to war in 1812 , and , although america banned the slave trade shortly after the british , an anti-slave trade treaty between the countries was not achieved for many years . 
   american ships could not be touched unless there were actually slaves on board . 
  this allowed the traders to arrive on the coast under the american flag , and then switch to the brazilian flag ( under this flag the crew could not be punished if caught ) . 
  almost all slavers carried multiple sets of papers to allow them to assume different nationalities as the situation required . 
  the spread of britain 's web of anti-slavery treaties gradually drove one nation after another out of the slave trade but rising costs and slow progress saw a period of intense political debate in britain , in the late 1830 's . 
  many questionied the economics and purpose of the patrols , including some leading abolitionists , such as thomas foxwell buxton . 
  despite this parliament decided the campaign should continue . 
   sometimes the political line between suppressing slavery and the british ambition to expand colonial rule became blurred . 
  anti-slavery treaties were signed with over 50 african rulers and action taken against african leaders who refused to agree to treaties outlawing the trade . 
  suppression of the slave trade was certainly a factor in bringing forward partition and colonial rule in africa . 
   by the end of the 1840s the health and effectiveness of the squadron was improving and in 1850 the brazilian chamber of deputies announced that an earlier treaty with britain would be enforced . 
  the brazilian trade rapidly collapsed . 
  the cuban trade still continued , mainly using american ships ; but after abraham lincoln became president in 1860 , he prevented slave ships being built or fitted out in the northern states . 
  then in april 1862 , the ` treaty of washington ' between america and britain finally allowed vessels carrying slavery equipment to be siezed along with a mutual right of search . 
  http://abolition.e2bn.org/slavery_155.html i read similar things in empire by nial ferguson , whilst it was banned officially , american ships continued as these could not be touched by the royal navy operating in the area . 
  so all the slaves ships that flew the american flag long after the uk had banned the slave trade are our fault ? 
  some nice mental gymnastics there . 
  not if the scottish leave , and they have the oil too , then we 'll only have the mooslems . 
  or in the case of ireland  you ca n't stop abortions , what you can do is stop safe legal abortions in your country ... 
  we 're like puerto rico but with shittier weather and people . 
  and kept the rest in conditions of slavery for a good while . 
  well we recently gained a lot of mooslems , will that do ? 
  so what you 're saying is , you have ~ ~ muslamic ~ ~ no go areas in your cities ? 
  edgy . 
  ah yeah , does n't specify size does it !, 
  could just be a really big one !, 
  a single one or are they planning more ? 
  i dunno , if you got rid of erdogan and returned the secularism then i think they 'd fit right in . 
  for the greater good, 
  did you not know all of these armchair generals decide western me policy ? 
  i know it sounds inappropriate so soon , but these terrorist attacks are minor in comparison to what you 're suggesting , that we abandon all of our values and join their level , committing mass murder and war crimes in the process . 
  welsh is a lot more common though , i live near the welsh/english border and most people educated in wales speak welsh , to different extents . 
  he is let free but if he commits a crime again or is punished for something else those months will be added onto the sentence for the other crime . 
  do n't you dare take the name of greggs in vain . 
  yeah , this is quite a conservative subreddit these days , homophobia is definitely not just the preserve of the bible belt . 
  nice to know we 're loved . 
  oh god , first brexit , and now bremain ? 
  oh english language , what have they done to you ... 
  i was talking about the minutes of every hour , not years . 
  i 'm not going to consent to such inhumane conditions . 
  ok , but can we negotiate a tea break at 11 ? 
  and 1 ?
