  i * knew * that was what they were going to do when i read the title . 
  gg newsnight, 
  hopefully trump will go down with this ship, 
  i went in january , missed all of that , which is a shame , it look really nice . 
  the hind is n't as bad though, 
  shogun 2 was good , but not as good as empire imo , i liked the naval warfare , trade and the different theatres from empire over shogun . 
  empire was more sandboxy in that there were more options , whilst medieval never grabbed me in the same way rome 1 did . 
  second best total war imo , rome first obviously, 
  boy those are ugly fuckers close up , they look elegant from afar yet inbred from within 25 metres, 
   you have a gun , use it !, 
  that 's how we get to us levels of policing . 
  i think police * should * be afraid of the consequences of firing their weapon . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the spanish used them in 1898 in cuba , so no , we did n't invent them , but they were atrocious anyway . 
  res tagged as such . 
  never living it down . 
  the saar offensive ? 
  given that the physical barriers to our intervention are now gone , ie . 
  germany is n't the enemy , western intervention is now practical , see the nato deployments in eastern europe . 
  this discussion is also not going to go anywhere is it . 
  we declared war ?? 
  given that we had to mobilise the underfunded , poorly equipped and incompetently led military to the continent , and the french had to call up their troops , not sure you could have seriously expect the allies to have been able to do anything which could have helped poland . 
  til going to war for you was not standing with you . 
  and that 's how alliances work , they serve the agendas of both sides , the desire for a peaceful and stable europe via deterrent on the one half , and a desire to keep your independence on the other . 
  and it did n't work out for either side . 
  we didnt abandon them ? 
  we started the second world war for poland !, 
  hundreds of thousands of brits died , france was occupied etc. 
  and stalin did n't care too much for the actions of the west , they could n't really do anything if they were at war with germany . 
  error 404 , humour not found . 
  even the lights on top have protective mesh , d'aww, 
  korea , taiwan , northern , coastal and southern china , vietnam , burma , singapore , malaysia , indonesia , the philippines , parts of the us pacific islands as well . 
  the debate is whether they are invaders . 
  the loyalists ' ancestors will have been there for hundreds of years , it is no fault of theirs that they were born there , they have not invaded or moved in . 
  but did n't mo farah 's brother get left behind in somalia when mo left ? 
  if you 're thinking of the one i 'm thinking of , i do n't think anyone was killed . 
  shame our destroyers are flawed and all currently in port due to their engines not working properly then aint it . 
  same here in the north of england . 
  just we ca n't vote snp here . 
  but can they do their job if they 're being restricted from shooting their gun up in the air and going `` aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh '' ? 
  i bet they 're quaking in their boots . 
  the guy that turned up late for the party ? 
  yeah right , feck off jerry , this one 's ours . 
  dont make me break out waterloo and trafalgar , do n't make me do it, 
  nice with worcester sauce, 
  if `` u wot m8 '' is posh then i pity you , you continental rabble . 
  [ 1415 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_agincourt ) best year of my life , get rekt frenchies, 
  birmingham ai n't too bad if you observe from a distance and have a wall between you and it . 
  you try being stuck on such a shit island , you need things to distract you . 
  sarcasm right ? 
  ends the pain though . 
   bee-hive-gardening just an fyi , it 's called beekeeping and the people that do it are beekeepers . 
  can you get viagra for a country ? 
  britain in the eea is a good deal for europe , and a bad one for the uk , compared to current status . 
  gdp alone isnt a good measure , hdi is better , though you 're right , south africa is better on that . 
  botswana is the oldest two party democracy in africa , compare that to the clusterfuck that is south african politics right now . 
  guy down the pub told him that , it 's got to be true . 
  wins the prize of `` least shit african country '' . 
  if it 's sold in gbp they might . 
  the rebate never leaves the uk , so it is a lie , then you factor in how much is spent by the eu here , because that does n't go to the eu does it ? 
  the # 350m figure is a lie , its # 188m . 
  it 's still blatantly false . 
  johnson drove around in a bus with # 350m emblazoned on the side . 
  well they have previously come out pro remain . 
  well clearly the best case scenario for scottish nationalism has just occurred, 
   you will be holding a referendum and joining russia . 
  the icelandic coastguard will stop any attackers !, 
  it 's much less socially acceptable to vote remain , you hear lots of very vocal pro brexit people , but remain just does n't have that . 
  is this where #voteinvade comes in ? 
  any comment section on the internet , whatever media outlet it is , has a cancerous comment section . 
  ah right , because illegal immigrants = polish people who have a right to come here , work hard and are a net benefit to british society , unlike many of those complaining about it . 
  10 nobel prize winning economists in fact . 
  if ya get held up ` bama will just send some delta force ta bring ya back anyway, 
  too complex , you ca n't assume geographical knowledge . 
  brown people to move to uk is more understandable . 
   an awesome way to show respect for workers . 
  or you could make the business owners pay them a liveable wage . 
  [ how about this ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/bbyoub3mp1e?t=18s ), 
  however with things like the # 350 million figure that is being banded about everywhere , that is blatantly , * factually * wrong , there has to be some way of forcing them to correct it . 
  muh unelected brussels bureaucrats, 
  presumably due to the significance of the crime . 
  did n't know the orange order march through yorkshire . 
  so a guy with severe mental issues killing an mp for the first non-ireland related time since the 1800s is enough to make you dislike the uk staying in the eu ? 
  feck off, 
  there 's a lot of prejudice that 's built up over the years and will be impossible to shift . 
  for example my grandma blames the eu for all of the muslims and black people in london . 
  til verdun was not a major contribution to ww1 . 
  it 's not very left wing though , it 's centre left . 
  what . 
  the . 
  from what i 've heard it 's organised groups of russian fans going round attacking english fans . 
  but migrants from the eu are already net contributors and less likely to claim benefits, 
  so what ? 
  our eu parliament members were also elected , in a much more democratic fashion !, 
  you seriously ca n't look at the crap our current government has achieved and say they have proved themselves competent . 
  if we tell them to fuck off then i expect them to do the same to us . 
  that made me actually burst out laughing, 
  are you saying that as scotland to the rest of the uk ? 
  or europe to the uk ?
