no they are n't they are considered a cult here as well, 
  in the us in 2016 there was 1 fatal school shooting death for every 5 and a half million students . 
  the drill in the us is a code blue ( intruder drill ) . 
  suffice to say it 's mostly exists because of media fear mongering . 
  drills on mundane tasks like how to walk down stairs would save more lives . 
  the westboro baptist church consists of a whopping 70 members ( most of which are relatives of each other ) who write stupid things on signs and go stand around places . 
  lol ? 
  how much czech do you speak ? 
  wrong sub lol , did n't mean to post here, 
  never have i heard this stereotype in real life . 
  i see it used as a straw man all the time though . 
  i have never seen such a thing i think its a hollywood creation, 
  that 's a false piece of information . 
  creationism is n't taught in public schools . 
  wtf, 
  i got 1:04 the first time so i had to get it under 1:00 . 
  i mixed up montenegro and kosovo . 
  i took a geography class at university a couple semesters ago which is the only reason i got the rest . 
  i would n't expect most americans to place many countries outside of the larger ones . 
  i feel like this does n't make a lot of sense because they wo n't fit any of the voices a lot of time . 
  uh definitely not an american . 
  i think the post makes it pretty obvious but a quick comment history look will confirm it ( dude is preettty salty ) edit ( my personal favorite ) :  everyone who has n't killed ( or hacked or insulted or argued with ) an american/a trumpist needs to be killed ( or hacked or insulted or argued with ) themselves . 
  it 's animal cruelty at worst . 
  you say and i quote : '' - non-social democrats should be shunned . '', 
  and you are complaining about getting hate for having differing beliefs . 
  yeah honestly i do n't know what to say to that . 
  in a few tiny scattered instances , most of which were easily recognized and changed . 
  no more error than human counting error . 
  bad touch screen calibration not equivalent to rigged election . 
  machines are n't any more susceptible to massive fraud then counting . 
  they are n't connected to anything ; each other or the internet and they 're checked before the votes are in and in many states after as well . 
  thanks , i have n't really noticed these, 
  is there a name to these things ? 
  can you post a picture ? 
  i 'm not really sure what you are saying . 
  us coke uses corn syrup as opposed to sugar as it 's sweetener which is why it tastes odd to you . 
  they made the switch like 30 years ago here . 
  you can still get sugar coke in glass bottles but most fountains/containers are corn syrup coke . 
  butter sticks are marked so you know where to cut for amounts in the us . 
  http://imgur.com/molpfik i can see how this would be annoying if you 're trying to follow a recipe with unmarked butter . 
  this comment is not true at all , rich people pay much more taxes than poor people . 
  not a european but i like the test so https://www.politicalcompass.org/yourpoliticalcompass?ec=8.38&amp;soc=-3.28, 
  the fact that it 's not mandatory is exactly why someone being punished for it makes the news . 
  well i mean most of the stuff people are afraid trump could do already happens in china sooo, 
  this is a very good point . 
  i suppose i would consider it the authoritarian wing of both parties . 
   thank god please stop trying to force religion upon me . 
  thank you, 
   american thing ~ ~ american ~ ~ democrat thing, 
  rip , i love overwatch . 
  i 've heard j-r-o-t-c and rot-c , never j-rot-c tho . 
  i do n't mind the acronym actually it rolls off the tongue pretty well . 
  crimethink doubleplusungood . 
  it 's not cause they do n't know how to drive but because they do n't have the resources to deal with snow since it never happens . 
  they ca n't plow , sand , or salt the roads so they declare a state of emergency so they 'll be able to access more snow resources . 
   they also contain gmo 's which , as we all know , cause aids . 
  c'mon man i do n't care for hershey 's either but really ? 
  triggered, 
  i do n't know who rights the reports but i 've never met someone who did n't consider scientology a cult . 
  it 's looked on extremely negatively and news stations are always running articles about some of the bad stuff that goes on in these `` churches '' . 
  useful if you need to prove that you live in a certain area/state when doing something . 
   in may 2012 , a michigan boy found a finger in his sandwich at arby \u00b4 s. 
  following an investigation it was found that one of the restaurant employees had lost her finger in a meat slicing accident and it ended up in the kid \u00b4 s meal . 
  i 'll have the roast beef sandwich with a side of fingers please . 
  i would say it 's much the same . 
  some people are racist against mexican 's because they think they are taking their jobs . 
  against arabs cause they think they are muslim . 
  there are some ideological racist groups i guess like the kkk but if you were to break down racists they 'd be an absolutely tiny portion of them . 
  * anti immigration parties gaining votes in every country * we do n't do the whole race thing man what are you talking about . 
  no races here . 
  starting a trade war with the us sounds like a great idea . 
  his understanding of us politics is no better than his grasp of european politics unfortunately . 
  well our gdp would still be 14.7 trillion , a few trillion ahead of china so i doubt it . 
  well i am in the us so i do n't really fit the question but i enjoy this quiz i 've taken it a few times just to see what it would give me . 
  i got 86 % with gary johnson this time which i expected as i 'm a small govt . 
  guy and that 's sort of the libertarian parties thing . 
  unfortunately there are some things the quiz cant pick up when giving you answers eg : gary johnson 's aleppo , anti-enviroment ; trumps comments ( pick your favorite ) ; hillary 's emails , benghazi , general corruption and stein 's protect the children from wifi , gmo 's , and playing to anti-vaxers, 
  because you tax money out of the middle and upper class and redistribute it to the lower class through various types of welfare programs . 
  your lower class fares much better than the u.s lower class but the middle and upper fare worse . 
  because of the fact that the middle class is still doing well however the gap between the middle and upper classes of the two countries is less apparent than that of the lower class . 
   taking away their health insurance its not quite that simple . 
  obamacare has raised costs on everyone especially small businesses and the middle class . 
  basically if you make enough to not qualify for government subsidies but not a ton ( aka the lower middle class ) it skyrockets healthcare costs for you for no reason . 
  its very unpopular to a lot of people and not just republicans . 
  bill clinton even called it crazy . 
  food is not allowed to contain things that are inedible inside them by fda rules . 
  since kinder does is banned . 
  actually the big universities are the state universities . 
  each state has a few of them and you get cheaper tuition for them for being in state . 
  they offer a really good education and a lot of them are quite difficult to get into . 
  to add to this because i know the not everyone makes 120k/year comments are coming the median income in my county is $ 115,574 so my estimate is around the norm for the county . 
  making 120k a year in the state of virginia you 'll pay somewhere near 40k in taxes leaving you 80k . 
  so on 110k euros id pay 36k in taxes . 
  health insurance in us is provided by company so the costs vary greatly but maybe tag on a few grand in deductibles and plan costs . 
  that would be a bad year though i would n't expect to reach my deductible with normal costs . 
  judging off of the responses posted hear i 'd expect to pay at more that in just income taxes . 
  that 's a pretty hefty tax burden . 
   i hope that by taking a one-way ticket to europe , and backpacking around until i find a suitable employer , i 'll find a suitable employer who will sponsor me a work visa , and get me on a path to permanent residency ( and hopefully citizenship ) through my working there . 
  lol what, 
  so if two groups are trying to be as loud as possible then the one with the most people is loudest .
