  so it only pertains to the austrian part of the empire ? 
  whereas k.u.k. 
  would refer to the whole ? 
  i never got the finer points of these k 's . 
  for sweden ? 
  yes , it does . 
  * starts packing suitcases * hope the sami wo n't mind me . 
  i promise not to molest any reindeer . 
  * k. u. k. intensifies *, 
  i 'll have to correct you here : slovenia fought a brief independence war . 
  but i generally agree it 's not splitting a country that means war , it 's obstinate and undemocratic opposition to splitting a country ( or even deciding on it , as is the case in catalonia ) that means war . 
  y u defend against peacefull russian visitors ? 
  that 's true , but such concerns are secondary and largely irrelevant if countries are n't committed to mutual defence . 
  trump 's non-commitment towards the agreement did more damage to nato than all the reluctance of it 's other members towards increasing spending . 
  maybe you should append `` university '' to your username for +1000 credibility . 
   and throw their trash on the streets hey !, 
  we do n't do that !, 
  but we might break the * nachtruhe * by playing accordion and partying till 2 am . 
  and do n't no one dare tell us not to do that , because that 's our culture and customs that need to be kept alive !, 
  what 's worrying is , that if neither a bilateral agreement ( drnov\u0161ek-ra\u010dan ) nor the court of arbitration is acceptable , i do n't see any good remaining options . 
  and , yes , i know ; this dispute is n't just about screwing over janezi . 
  which is why i 'm worried this might go on and on and on ... 
   caught red-handed , bribing the judges !, 
  are you referring to the remark made by a government employee when talking to the slovene judge that they might have to bribe the judges ? 
  or has there been something else ? 
  because you 're making it sound like she was caught handing over a suitcase full of euromonies . 
  i 'm not defending the incident and it 's right the incriminated judge was replaced afterwards but if this is what you 're referring to , do n't you think it 's somewhat exaggerated ? 
  as for the blockade , well , it was the only tool available to pressure croatia to finally commit to solving the dispute . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable to want the dispute resolved . 
  we are all bigots on ~ ~ this blessed day ~ ~ reddit . 
  yeah , eventually , after nuclear ... maybe . 
  their investment in renevables is commendable , but their priorities are questionable if combating climate change is the goal . 
  the absence of such uncouth consonants as t\u0283 and \u0292 helps , too , i think . 
  these figures are after taxes , right ? 
  just one more thing to consider if we 're comparing to american salaries -- they typically quote gross income . 
  and why should n't we if their parents live and pay taxes here ? 
  please , please , do n't say it 's because they 're taking our jaaabs , not sending their best and so on ... 
  checked that , saw the subreddit does n't exist , disappointment set in . 
  checked again , modified the spelling -- faith in reddit restored . 
  r/queueingporn / is where it 's at . 
  no love for * einmal-hin-alles-drin * real ? 
  i mean , it 's the same size of store as kaufland , so you 're not listing just discounters , right ? 
  oh , no , slovene kids are not for sale ; they 're a long-term investment . 
  `` children are our greatest fortune , '' as the saying goes here . 
  if it 's not clear , i was hinting at the fact that in countries with stable fertility rates children are typically given more care and have rather nice childhood . 
  scarcity increases value . 
  economics 101 . 
  this article clearly shows romania needs to introduce in their schools obligatory meme economics classes . 
  i guess no one told the czech republicans . 
  let 's go one level deeper !, 
   see ? 
  it 's good that you no longer have ~ ~ czechia ~ ~ chechnya to hold you back . 
  better dead than red , ey ? 
  well , i , for one , would like to live in such an irrelevant country . 
  i do n't know . 
  but it sure looks it 's soon gon na be n-1 . 
  not really , as far as i know . 
  bark borers mostly burrow just below the bark . 
  most of the remaining wood is usable ; the most significant damage to wood is usually blueish grey staining . 
   cut the primeval forest for profit of all the other places . 
  old-growth wood is considerably harder to come by , denser and therefore more valuable . 
  just sayin ' . 
  do n't fight it , croatia can not into central europe . 
  you guys are emigrating in the wrong direction . 
  wtf is harbin ? 
  why use some irrelevant , backwater town ? 
  * population : 10.64 million ( 2010 ) * oh . 
  umm ... 
  but the benefits of pooling resources for sports events definitely outweigh such irrelevant matters !, 
  why did these pesky europeans decide to place their states so close to russian nukes ? 
  so she basically said one pole is worth 700 refugees ... and the nationalists are appalled ? 
  looks like a pretty normal trump full-contact handshake . 
  potica denier !, 
  traitor of the nation !, 
  * studies the video indently , reads her lips * ok , three syllables ; she said `` potica '' . 
  i guess she 's all right . 
  mighty nice , this pope guy , too . 
  my guess is it 's because other than two newspapers -- one reporting almost exclusively on financial matters , the other focusing exclusively on catholic topics -- conservatives in slovenia seem to be unable to run a news outlet with quality level above tabloid . 
  all major quality media are relatively liberal and conservatives do n't trust them . 
  i think that 's what 's bringing the score down the most . 
  now i know why that ankara palace has so many rooms . 
  to store all the furniture that goes along with emines clothes . 
  i think he 's going along willingly , trying to learn some cool moves from him . 
  shhh , do n't let them know ... 
  i guess they 're preparing for trump 's visit . 
  the best pupil gets to ~ ~ wrestle ~ ~ shake hands with him . 
  ha , i 've never noticed that . 
  none of the other flags seem to do anything funny , though . 
  yes , i 've just checked . 
  lock her up !, 
  lock him up !, 
  lock everyone up !, 
  ] ( https://images.robertharding.com/preview/rm/rh/horizontal/834-4095.jpg ), 
  well , that might have actually been successful , if then germany and italy had n't decided to annex parts of it , install a puppet state in another part and turn the population against each other all over yugoslavia . 
  i think already then , the chance for unity went down the drain . 
  bloody centrist !, 
  choose your side !, 
   post - ~ ~ communist ~ ~ socialist countries slovenia was also relatively successful prior to the independence and socialism was n't / is believed by some not to have been ( take your pick ) quite as bad as generally considered . 
  also , similar to other post-communist countries , during the privatisation ( arguably still ongoing ) a lot of state-owned assets were misappropriated for the benefit of a select few . 
  people are still resentful of that .
