tolerance and acceptance to european cultures . 
  non-european cultures must integrate , we have no obligation to be accepting to them . 
  wasting money on bullshit . 
  hopefully this will send a message to the muslims in europe that barbaric customs such as the niqab , burqa etc. 
  are not welcome in europe . 
  it 's called ecchi you normie, 
  i do n't care . 
  ** do i look like i know what a jpeg is ? 
  i 'm glad my eastern european shithole has more freedom of speech than the civilized west . 
  condescending liberals like you are why brexit happened , trump got elected and nationalism is on the rise . 
  not everyone you disagree with is a nutjob . 
  or just close the borders and detain ( or shoot in extreme circumstances ) anyone that tries to enter illegally . 
  cheaper and more effective . 
  why is closing the borders for sub-saharan africa a bad thing ? 
  we have no benefit in bringing them in . 
  why is it for our own self interest ? 
  eu flag , not european flag . 
  and good for him , i would never want to fly or be represented by that flag . 
  stupid idea . 
  try all the countries in the balkans , levant and north africa . 
  this triggers me delet this, 
  they are socialists but i have a great respect for them . 
  though i do n't know if what they 're doing will be enough to stop sultan erdogan 's neo-ottoman dream . 
  democracy is good only when i like the result shitlords, 
  to me it shows he 's ready to put the interests of the eu above his nation 's interests . 
  why are you wearing the eu flag above the bulgarian one , you traitor ? 
   anyone who does n't like rosen is a propaganda troll ** nobody ** likes our president . 
  i 'm glad he 's not going for a second term . 
  wtf ? 
  russians are all evil people , delete this article right now !, 
  this goes against the narrative !, 
  democracy e m o c r a c y, 
   saving your nation from being conquered by a barbaric horde of millions and being governed by an undemocratic bureaucracy is equivalent to death vote wilders weed man, 
  i ca n't watch movies on tv . 
  dubbing ruins movies . 
  germany 2016 : if you do n't let your children go to a mosque and learn muslim prayer and get indoctrinated you will be jailed for hate crimes germany 2020 : if your family does n't celebrate ramadan you will be jailed for hate crimes germany 2030 : if your wife does n't cover herself she will be fined or jailed germany 2035 : if you eat pork , you will be reprimanded according to sharia law germany 2039 : if you 're not muslim , you will be sent to our extermination camps . 
  we must cleanse the world of the non-muslim scum . 
  hail allah and his prophet muhammad !, 
  do you want the eu to fall apart ? 
  because this is how the eu falls apart . 
   mosques speaking german no . 
  more than half of those points are allegations and have n't been proven , and even if they are true ( which i 'm not saying that 's not possible . 
  he 's not infallible ) , this does n't compare to clinton . 
  did you conveniently forget that she deleted tens of thousands of emails ( fbi says mishandled , which is still a crime , yet she was n't convicted ) and completely rigged the democratic primary for bernie ? 
  these are just the biggest in the past year , there is plenty more if you want to get into it . 
  lol republicans are stupid xd, 
  yeah , he 's way more corrupt than her . 
  like when he, 
   how insane is that ? 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic . . 
   do n't trust any russian , do n't go to russia voluntarily . 
  and do n't you dare complain about bigotry or xenophobia after making this post, 
  like a facebook game . 
  civ iv had an afro-centric theme which i liked better another thing is i just ca n't handle how cartoony and facebook-esque they made the graphics . 
   and even donald trump . 
  lmao, 
  hundreds of millions around the world have suffered because of karl marx , including my own people . 
  fuck this guy . 
  you 'd support going to war over this ? 
   you get privileges by being `` lone parent '' . 
  married couples with children are being audited and scrutinized this ca n't be true . 
  how do you know this ? 
   the obvious problem is name immigrants coming from outdated societies being unable to tolerate other societies and cultures . 
  yes , that is the problem . 
  so , unless we can change that , we will have to be sceptical of their culture . 
  multiculturalism works only if it includes people with mostly similar culture , examples being the eu and the early usa . 
  why do n't you move to europe ? 
  your government hates you and does everything to try and put you down . 
  the terrorists want us to start taking measures in defending ourselves ? 
  these terrorists are dumber than i thought . 
  brings a whole new meaning to the word `` cuck '', 
  keep trying to make him look good https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor, 
  what exactly is `` islamic feminism '' ? 
   case in point : bulgaria . 
  what ? 
  the children are n't smart enough to know better . 
  their parents and surroundings have taught them that this is normal and it 's how it should be . 
  because migration is ruining them . 
  over 50 % of london is non-british and over a third of babies in the uk are non-british . 
  over 70 % of newborns in ile-de-france , as of 2015 are non-french , compared to 54 % in 2005 . 
  no , i did not just call pakistan a shithole , which it totally is not . 
  the `` piece of shit '' was referring to terrorism , as in it 's commonplace there and is nothing unexpected . 
  i 'll tell you why . 
  nobody cares if they see a piece of shit in the toilet , but if they see a piece of shit on the table , then they start asking questions . 
  how ? 
  i unironically love it . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  gypsies , not bulgarians . 
   going as a gay couple to a muslim country you 're lucky you did n't get thrown in jail or killed, 
   arab and turkish descent, 
  i dread to think what big cities in western europe will look like in 10 years time . 
  you do n't have to be in the eu to be european . 
  russians are european , too . 
  do n't you see ? 
  we 're making it a better place !, 
  stop being an alt-right bigot and just accept that the black is just a part of europe now !, 
  til ukrainians are n't european, 
  the black void will devour your puny flag . 
  saying migration has a potentially disastrous effect on stability is like saying the grass is green . 
  we wuz space n shiet before armstrong and dem western homos ever got round to it,
