  there 's nothing wrong with wanting germany to remain german , france to remain french , sweden to remain swedish . 
  all we want is a union for europeans only , run with our interests being the top priority . 
  sad that the european union is pushing us to accept backwards people from the third world , yet turn a blind eye to our european brothers and sisters . 
  is n't it funny how everyone pushes for us to accept third world `` refugees '' but not actual refugees from ukraine , which is european ? 
   quick rundown http://quickrundown.club/, 
  the balkan spring . 
  correlation = / = causation . 
  just because something fails 1 out of 100 times does n't mean its ineffective . 
  because it gives us a good impression of the attackers ethnicity and motive . 
  bulgarian muslims are turks who are secular and drink alcohol and eat pork . 
  freedom house considers the rise of nationalism and denying refugees into your country as a threat to freedom . 
  i 'll just be taking this with a grain of salt . 
  all the more reason why i would not consider going to paris in the near future . 
  it 's not as safe anymore . 
  i think it 's funny how hard the us went after peaceful iraq to install `` democracy '' yet refuse to put a single troop on middle eastern soil to take care of isis , who are much worse equipped and organised and are causing more havoc around the world with their islamist ideology than secular saddam ever could . 
  leftists making good memes ? 
  wtf ? 
  what i was saying is that the overwhelming majority want independence . 
  actually 80 % of catalonians voted `` yes '' for independence https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_self-determination_referendum,_2014, 
  token black kids . 
  `` the french will have to learn to live with terrorism . '', 
  [ stop being christian . 
  ] ( https://i.sli.mg/skunm8.jpg ), 
  how can you compare islam to catholicism ? 
  even the most devout catholics are n't in favor of publicly executing gays , atheists and rape victims . 
   refugees are human beings too [ citation needed ], 
  by that logic an even higher percentage do n't want the other candidates either . 
  perfect . 
  the elves in dwarf fortress are a bunch of girly boys armed with only their leather skirts who walk around and complain when you cut down trees i guess there 's something accurate about it, 
  yes . 
  i 'm sure every single ivan and masha want to invade europe and make it mandatory to wear adidas tracksuits 80 % of the day . 
  there 's that hatred for russians that we all know in / r/europe, 
  what the hell is the point ? 
  streetlights , really ? 
  waste of money . 
  nationalism is the future . 
  the tide has turned and you ca n't stop it . 
  that 's the point . 
  multiculturalism works only between european peoples . 
  what the fuck are you talking about , kolyo ? 
  embrace nationalism . 
  of course not . 
  all the banks support the leftist/mainstream candidates , why would they fund a dissenter candidate who stands a chance ? 
  and who decides what is fake news ? 
  i 'm certain that this will be used to silence any dissenters of the german government and mainstream media . 
  does being morally superior include sacrificing the safety of your own citizens ? 
   the ottoman empire oppressed turks epic, 
  the turks who ravaged european lands for 500 years and terrorized the mediterranean with pirates ? 
  they 're no brothers . 
  the difference is that germans , french and italians in switzerland identify as swiss , which is why there 's no conflict . 
  they have existed for over 700 years with their own unique history , culture and traditions . 
  unless you can swing a magic wand and make everyone in the european continent forget about their cultural heritage and write themselves as `` european '' only , this is a pipe dream . 
   do we really want europeans in our european union ? 
   i 'd rather we have non-europeans in our european union i can never seem to agree with you federalists . 
  you 'd abandon your own kin , and for what ? 
  it 's already been done before , just at a smaller scale see yugoslavia and how that turned out . 
  islam is the exact opposite of progressive . 
  vlad tepes is rolling in his grave . 
  do n't allow this , romanians . 
   omg ok lots of dead bodies and injured people and a big bloodbath in berlin cool but can you guys just like chillax with the islamophobia for two seconds thanks, 
   they 're actual people citation needed, 
   there is no way they will leave again not with that attitude they wo n't . 
  the bulgarian media did the same recently as well . 
  a gypsy from bulgaria kicked a german woman down the stairs in a metro and every media in bulgaria and germany was calling him a bulgarian . 
  non-french woman wins miss france . 
  does this sound a bit weird only to me ? 
  i hope europe ( and especially west europe ) moves to a more gun-friendly future . 
  public safety would only improve in my opinion if regular civilians had a weapon and a right to defend themselves . 
  one civilian with a gun potentially could have diffused the paris terrorist attacks last year . 
  [ mehmet my son ] ( https://i.sli.mg/846fm0.jpg ), 
  i would prefer bulgarians be at home in bulgaria and contributing to the country , yes . 
  actually he was a gypsy , thanks for proving my point . 
  and it does matter because gypsies commit more crime than bulgarians or any other europeans for that matter . 
  you as a european should know this . 
  i want germans in germany . 
  swedes in sweden . 
  french in france . 
  english in england . 
  bulgarians in bulgaria . 
  europeans in europe . 
  but that makes me a racist . 
  bulgaria and romania also have the largest percentage of gypsies in europe . 
  now think about who 's actually causing those crimes and why the media describes them by their citizenship and not their ethnicity . 
  most are gypsies with bulgarian or romanian citizenship . 
  i notice the media never calls them gypsies , though . 
  what are you talking about , tovarish ? 
  why is it so hard to accept that most europeans do n't want any third world migrants ? 
  call me whatever , when i go to berlin on a holiday i want to see german people walking the streets , in the restaurants and cafes , in the museums , in the tourist attractions . 
  why is it so hard to accept that people want their european countries to remain european and do n't want over 50 % of their capital city to be non-european ? 
  ( as is the case with london ) nobody calls japan racist for wanting japan to be strictly japanese and pushing various laws to keep it so . 
  nobody calls israel racist for building a wall on their border with palestine and keeping the israeli interests first . 
  multiculturalism works when only europeans are involved in the process . 
   i 've been teaching german  i have n't met anyone who did n't want to learn the language no , really ? 
  how is life imprisonment barbaric but the death penalty is n't ? 
  if i find a piece of shit in the toilet , i 'm not really going to be surprised . 
  if i find a piece of shit on my table , then i 'm going to start asking questions . 
   eu flag  defends soros  refuses to accept sources and facts when they 're presented to them , his arguments are `` you guys are insane '' and `` ugh i ca n't bear this '' golem get ye gone edit : also here 's an interview where he admits helping the nazis during ww2 ( despite him being a jew ) and having no regrets because he got paid for it ( if you somehow get to the conclusion that he 's an alright guy ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pudmlckgnc, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/53xdu9/george_soros_knowledge_starter_pack/ and i do n't wan na hear bullshit like `` it 's the_donald its just propaganda '' . 
  there are plenty of good sources in that post . 
  i have it on good authority that vladimir putin ** himself ** hacked every single voting booth in the united states so trump could win .
