  why would he be wary of muslims ? 
  [ there 's nothing to worry about . 
  bigotry against who ? 
  illegal immigrants ? 
   advanced bigotry, 
  top mep, 
  the french public is okay with a criminal and former prisoner having a chance to run their country ? 
  if he lives to 2020 . 
  sad !, 
  milk the karma for all it 's worth . 
  he 's not even a candidate ? 
  there 's 6 months until the second round . 
  anything could happen . 
  i 'd rather lose a limb than vote for communists . 
  how is it that for over 200 years conservatives have n't destroyed democracy and never wanted to , but now they do ? 
  and how is he going to make it difficult for blacks to vote ? 
  how is he going to endanger democracy ? 
  and the protests are a danger because they want to oust a democratically-elected candidate . 
  then the germans deserve to live in the shithole they create . 
   european, 
  trump is literally hitler mussolini bad guy racist man and he 's going to endanger democracy , it does n't matter that he got elected democratically and there are protests which have a primary goal of endangering democracy by deposing him, 
  loool, 
   but is afghanistan really a safe place ? 
  who cares ? 
  `` everything i do n't like is russian-funded ! '', 
  shut up , racist . 
  `` i want my president to do the worst job possible just to prove my point , because my ego is more important than 4-8 years of a good presidency '', 
  how you ** feel ** does n't matter and never will in a debate . 
  facts ultimately rule over feelings . 
  the solution is to close the borders for them . 
  why is this so hard ? 
  when your ego is worth more than hundreds of european lives . 
   angela merkel now is the leader of the free world i want out of this free world then, 
  he said globalist and i was reminded of that video and i thought it was funny to post it lol, 
  if these progressives refuse to accept the threat these economic migrants pose then their only place is in the annals of history . 
  that 's belgium, 
  to me it sounds like you 're ready to accept the virtues of nationalism . 
  progressivism and the progressives will never admit this issue . 
  rumen `` anyone but tsetska '' radev, 
  again . 
  we have elections literally every year now . 
  and this is absolutely pointless , he 's going to run for pm again and he 's going to win again and we just wasted millions on another pointless election . 
  there 's that word again . 
  hate the country , love the nation . 
  actually i was supporting trump , still ca n't fathom that this is actually reality though, 
  fuck you . 
  though i should n't really expect more from someone who 'd rather be represented by an eu flag than his own nation 's flag . 
  after trump winning something does n't seem right . 
  it feels like we 've been transported into an alternate reality . 
   if they 're born and grow up in france with a french passport , they 're french just because a mouse is born in a stable , does not make it a horse . 
  because you love your family , does it mean you hate all other families ? 
  in the ile-de-france region , the percentage of non-french ( people with immigrant parents ) is 37.1 % . 
  in paris , 41.30 % of people under 18 are of foreign origin . 
  18.10 % of people under 18 in france are of foreign origin . 
  these numbers are increasing . 
  nationalism is the support and an undying love for your own people . 
  keep in mind that does n't mean you hate other people . 
  see it like a family , you love your family and want their best interests , but you do n't hate other families . 
  if other people can be helped , that 's fine , but it must never be at the expense of your own . 
  nationalism is also about wanting your own people living , thriving and being in charge of your country . 
  i want bulgarians to rule over and live in bulgaria , upholding bulgarian interests , just as i want the same for any other country around the globe , whether it be france , sweden , germany , egypt , iran , congo etc. 
  what 's wrong is that the french ( and mostly in paris ) are becoming a minority in their own country . 
  you have the same situation where the british are a minority in london . 
  `` everyone i do n't agree with is an idiot ! '', 
  how many people are convinced to change their mind after being insulted ? 
  thanks for helping our cause , though . 
  nationalism is the solution , not the issue . 
  explain ? 
  why is this a good thing ? 
  i do n't really care about if they 're gay or not but i want to know why / r/europe loves to circlejerk about gay politicians solely because they 're gay . 
  death penalty for pedophiles . 
   i dont think freedom should cover someones right to call you nazi or racist in a public space well , it does . 
  ** yes , sweden !, 
  slay queen **, 
  damn why are we so mixed, 
  it 's too late for that , the threat is homegrown now . 
  delet this !, 
  we wuz cradle of mankind and shiet, 
  [ they 're so fast . 
  and what do you suppose europe did about it ? 
  who organizes this protest ? 
  any information ? 
  he 's turned neocon because he has no idea how to be president and all his decisions come from his advisors or his daughter . 
  he even calls himself a globalist now . 
  / r/nothingeverhappens, 
  i am not against gays marrying , frankly i do n't care . 
  adoption by gays is something i ca n't support though , a child needs a mother and father figure to grow up a mentally healthy individual . 
  the v4 group currently have the brightest future in europe , in my opinion . 
  i would also be happy , if i were you . 
  i do n't recall ever voicing my opinion on it . 
  hippity hoppity get your hands off my property, 
  correct me . 
  wow , a whole 1500 people . 
  medias are really trying hard to push the relevance of these eu marches , when one of the biggest and most pro-eu cities in europe ca n't even get a respectable number of people , which i think says a lot more about this movement . 
  generation z in the west is going to be the most conservative generation in over 80 years . 
  there is nothing to celebrate . 
  bulgaria would have been better off if they never entered the war . 
  there is no such thing as democratic communism . 
  karl marx did not intend that . 
  well , i 'm glad at least a few people are optimistic about france 's future .
