  that 's how it 's always been since humans have existed . 
  i am so sick of these threads . 
  nothing is going on in sweden . 
  we are the beacon of hope in a bigoted world and your drumpfkins just ca n't accept someone who is n't your own skin color . 
  most of our women prefer migrants to whites in this country because they are sick of the same stale rhetoric pushed by white men . 
  my family took in a migrant and he is the best father figure i could possibly have , even though he is younger than me , he has actual life experience . 
  maybe one day you will all wake up . 
  i get to live in a country where i can be openly homosexual without feeling oppressed like i would if i lived in the west . 
  hell , even visiting family here in sydney , i still see the bigotry that the usa propogates . 
  it leaks through the borders . 
  i am truly free in my home country , and it makes me sad seeing all of your drumpfkins clamor over real fake news . 
  censorship is never okay . 
  do n't try to justify it . 
   from the swedish government i do n't trust it one bit . 
  could have been gypsies . 
  were they brown/was the area shitty ? 
  my dad told me he did n't know what pants were until he was 5 , but he grew up in a village . 
  correlation = / = causation just because you know 1 or 2 cool muslims who eat pork and drink beer does n't negate the fact that 26 % of younger muslims in america believe suicide bombings are justified or that 36 % of younger muslims in the uk believe a muslim should be killed for converting to another religion . 
  i fought in the meme war of 2016 on the side of kek against the evil forces of moloch . 
  there 's nobody more equipped on exposing this `` religion of peace '' than i am . 
  the most rare sightings in the world include : bigfoot aliens the sasquatch a `` moderate '' muslim campaigning against radical islam, 
  does every country resurrect these laws only when a minority is affected ? 
  hate speech laws are idiotic and should be done away with . 
  you do n't have the right to put someone in jail because you 're offended by what they said . 
   because it would be disrespecting the religion and the people 's beliefs . 
  who cares ? 
  if you 're against blasphemy i suggest you move to saudi arabia . 
  it sent a message . 
  their barbaric culture and values are not welcome here . 
  the more macron speaks , the more he drops in the polls . 
  keep it going . 
   no , you can not criticize sweden 's immigration yes , we can . 
   no , you can not criticize the crime rate of sweden yes , we can . 
  i had a cousin go to paris . 
  he said mostly everywhere except in the center of paris the majority were africans/middle eastern . 
  over my dead body . 
  i love you < 3, 
  `` it 's a shame my sister got raped but at least i was n't called a racist . '', 
   meh , race riots are fairly normal these days . 
  they did n't used to be , not in europe . 
  and suddenly `` trump 's violent rhetoric '' is to blame . 
  keep drinking your coffee , ruben . 
  http://www.svt.se/nyheter/lokalt/stockholm/upplopp-i-rinkeby-polisen-skot-varningsskott  cars have been set on fire  police subject to stone throwing  40 involved in the riots apparently it started when the police tried to arrest someone in the metro at 20 o'clock . 
  dae right wingers are fascists ? 
  oh you can just fuck right off with that . 
  bash the fash , as it were ? 
  i feel like i 'm talking to stalin . 
  i guess democracy is only good if your guy wins and corruption is fine as long as it benefits your interests . 
  get out of here with your anti-democratic values , you god damn commie . 
  le pen will win . 
  or fabricate something . 
  actually chicago has the strictest gun laws in the usa . 
  productive post . 
   seven months before election exactly why this means nothing yet . 
  can confirm , fuck math . 
  i ca n't tell if this is sarcasm or not . 
   and what the heck is indigenous swedes ? 
  oh , come on man . 
  in any rate , i wo n't even think about going to sweden in the near future . 
   you do realise that the refugee crisis has no impact in france right ? 
  44 % now and rising . 
  liberal naivety in one post . 
  insane how more people support ` transgender ' rights than freedom of speech . 
  kosovo is a land illegaly stolen from serbia , which has close ties with russia . 
  the united states do n't care about the albanians living in kosovo , they 've done this only for their interest to set up their military there and undermine russia 's authority , while also trying to improve their world standing by showing that the current administration is not against islam and mitigate the anti-us settlements in the middle east ( failed ) . 
  if anyone cared about their interests they would have just let them join albania . 
  as it stands now , kosovo is a stolen piece of land mostly controlled by the us . 
  fitting that new mexico is in spain . 
  i 'm not a nihilist , there are certain things in this world that matter to me . 
  i want europe to remain european . 
  i believe european culture is superior to arab and african culture , where they execute atheists , throw gays off roofs , force women to cover themselves and kill rape victims . 
  but hey , continue putting words in my mouth . 
  third worlders have more children than europeans . 
  this is fact , not theory . 
  what ? 
  people from mali and niger are still having 5/6 kids per family . 
  because everyone else in the world is having multiple children while europeans are barely having one child per family . 
  we risk being replaced by third world migrants who breed at a much faster rate than us . 
  not wanting to have children seems unnatural to me . 
  something has to be done about well-off europeans not wanting kids . 
  see my last post . 
  this article is right about one thing , and that europeans are waking up . 
  not to the tune of federalism and globalism , but to a europe of nationalist states , who are free to govern their country with their people in best interest , while remaining friendly and trading freely with their european brothers and sisters . 
  young people are the future , and right now the young prefer nationalism . 
  this is what you get when you kill gaddafi and destroy the libyan state . 
  libyans and europeans would be much better off if he were still in power . 
   wikileaks is leaking documents which prove that the candidates i support are shady . 
  that must mean they work for russia !, 
  i bet you did n't think they were so bad just 4 years ago . 
  bulgaria better than romania . 
  true . 
  ok easy on the ass kissing now please, 
   between 1 and 15 million had died that 's a huge variable . 
  ok ahmed, 
  its just a joke man calm down, 
  wow really makes you think, 
  bad . 
  i love europe and i love my european brothers and sisters . 
  bulgaria first ( always and forever ) , europe second . 
  europeans do n't want non-europeans living in europe and out-breeding us .
