  because he wants to make money off of you , that 's why he was persistent, 
  the quote you 're referring to happened in the west , when cersei reflects about the tourney in lannisport in honor of prince viserys ' birth , where she was supposed to be betrothed to rhaegar . 
  [ source ] ( http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/tournament_in_honor_of_viserys%27s_birth ), 
  so no , he was not cheered in king 's landing . 
  before the sack , i imagine the commoners were indifferent to him, 
  should have disabled the switch and offered to enable it for in app purchases, 
  anyone have the full album ? 
  thanks a lot :d, 
  thank you !, 
  i did n't like ep 3 myself , but everybody just kept going on about pickle rick , when tiny rick was so much better, 
  cliffhangers and shock-moments , that 's what the show has been about for a couple of seasons now . 
  that 's why we also had the dramatic shot of jaime being pulled down by his armor and the very first scene of the next episode , bronn pulls him up again . 
  expect a cliffhanger next episode, 
  i 'm probably gon na get huge flak for this , but saluting to stars and stripes is no different than saluting to a hitler flag, 
  actually , i 'm going at the problem the completely wrong way , i 'll delete the question , because it 's neither well formulated nor relevant, 
  in our app , we 're requesting location-updates from the fusedlocationapi with an interval of 120 seconds . 
  you 're supposed to disconnect the api from context to prevent leaks . 
  we 're sending the locations to the server via webcalls and this should n't happen more than once every 120 seconds . 
  the issue is that we have multiple activities and in case you start one and get back to the original activity too quickly , the location-updates start right away , which means you get more than 1 update within 120 seconds . 
  is there a graceful way to handle for the api to pick up where it left off ? 
  fuck off , would ya ? 
  creating the same shitty subreddits is n't gon na do anything . 
  go to the real world , do n't be a keyboard warrior . 
  that 's you assuming that i 'm a nazi , when in reality i despise both groups with their bullshit, 
  the thing the left does n't understand is that ridiculing the right wo n't do anything . 
  when trump announced that he would run , everybody kept making fun of him until he eventually won and now he 's a big problem . 
  same thing happening with the right , you 're making fun of them , until they become too serious of a problem, 
  the whole ridiculing-bullshit is what brought you americans into this situation in the first place, 
  is that indeimaus talking ? 
  totally sounds like him, 
  post-op malone, 
  she was probably expecting the plumber or pizza guy, 
  what discussion ? 
  you 're just gon na keep jerking each other off, 
  how ? 
  i 'm not really familiar with the inner workings behind discord tbh, 
  witticism does n't solve conceptual problems . 
  might be you have time to dive into the docs , i do n't , i have deadlines to fulfill, 
  could anyone link me to a good article about dagger2 + espresso ? 
  most articles i found use the technique that google advises against and i do n't really understand their explanation of how to do it better, 
   one of these is not like the others, 
   why would an evocation wizard with no experience in necromancy know the history of vecna with a 30 ? 
  because you 'd be subverting the game system in favor of something that is not representable in d&d . you 're basically punishing a player for doing well . 
  your int modifier can be any number for any reason . 
  you can be dumb with a +5 to int checks ( see jim darkmagic ), 
  burning wheel has something that would work in favor of what you want . 
  wises are basically specialized knowledge, 
  gardening in general is proven to be therapeutic, 
  i 'd interprete [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tqgip8j.jpg ) as a dragon shape , yours though ? 
  not really , sorry, 
  or maybe just dany and her other two personalities , mad dany and sad dany, 
  he 's not beric dondarrion , if he passes away before finishing the books , that 's it, 
  it 's been quite a while since i read them seperately , but reading them in tandem , they 're my favorite , aside from awoiaf, 
  its also older ? 
   my ox cart is n't as good as my lambo, 
  she 's also not an atheist , there 's this passage in the books, 
   dany said a quick prayer , begging the warrior for courage and the dothraki horse god for strength . 
  she made herself walk forward . 
  before she walked into the house of the undying, 
  when scenes , that are supposed to ewoke an emotion in you , only invoke annoyance , then there 's obviously something very wrong . 
  they managed to make me hate arya for being a dumb piece of shit , which i had n't thought was possible, 
  and the whole `` suspenseful waiting '' on the fucking dragons was just annoying . 
  we already know they 'll come , why drag it out ? 
  reading the other comments , people seem to agree . 
  it was a poorly written episode and i honestly wonder why i even bother watching game of thrones anymore, 
  no pink discs on cheek 0/10, 
  even if op was the cosplayer , why would she need to be a good actress ? 
  eventbuses are bad and you should feel bad, 
  that 's what we implemented ( you can even use it as a cpm-tool for ios ), 
   this shit is delicious, 
  you need nutrients , mcdonalds does n't really have those, 
  a type of die used in tabletop gaming ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  yes , it shows the continue button , i just tested it for you , 
  i 'm insanely thankful not to have full-blown depression , but instead a `` depressed basemood '' ( or however you would call it in english ), 
  i 'm not `` healthy '' by any means , but i can go to work and occasionally meet friends . 
  really , the biggest problem for me is the loneliness that comes with not being able to spur myself to ask other people to spend time with me, 
  i understand how annoying it is when people tell you to be more active , but when i was spiralling down into a depressive episode during rehab , i had a moment of mental clearness ( no idea , how it happened and where it came from ) and just started walking rounds around the perimeter . 
  that kept me level-headed as long as i kept walking as fast as i could . 
  later , we had a course of chi-gong and after lunch , there even was dessert . 
  exercise and sugar kept me from staying in bed the whole day ( which was what i was doing until 10:30 am ), 
  i 'm 23 , i ca n't even recall 10 things that happened until age 15 ( went to a different school , life became easier then . 
  still have depression though ), 
  wait a second , this is not pirates of the caribean, 
  i mean , the interface implementation only works well when you have only one onclicklistener, 
  i personally use butterknife , it 's convenient, 
  access to sms is only needed , if the app requires to read your sms ( like when you register somewhere via phone number , they send you the code and if you allowed them to read sms , it 'll automatically read the code ), 
  sharing is done via a system called `` intents '' where you create an intent , add the data and tell the system to display a list of apps that can handle the data . 
  so no , you do n't need access to sms for sharing, 
  saving images to disk can be implemented using the external cache directory of an app ( the stuff thats in android/0/data / com.some.thing ) . 
  from android 5 onwards , you do n't need write-permissions to access external cache . 
  only if you want the user to save it wherever they want , then you need write-access, 
  am android dev professionally, 
  proguard and private git repos ( bitbucket and gitlab offer those for free ), 
  why do people not recognize obvious catfishes in dating apps ? 
  i do a ton of first and second level support in our dating app and it 's insane, 
  i do n't either , mine came from internet - , porn-addiction and lack of social interaction, 
  get help , start therapy . 
  depression does n't go away by itself, 
  for those of you using firebase dynamic links , did it ever happen to you , that you opened the app from the launch screen ( so no deeplink ) , yet the ` firebasedynamiclinks.getinstance ( ) . getdynamiclink ( intent ) ` - method found one ? 
  i 've had that happen a couple times , but never had any deterministic way to reproduce it,
