  into the filter you go !, 
  fucking hate how americas politics pollutes front nowadays, 
  when im subscribing , i use an observer which registers 4 callbacks , one of them onnext, 
  the problem is that the unit test seems to terminate before it gets to mockito.verify that my mock was called, 
  testing the interface defeats the purpose , because i need to test that my observable chaining works correctly, 
  let 's share a flat guys, 
  not wanting to get anything down , but when i have an episode , physical contact turns me from depressed to angressive, 
  / r/kindergarten / is that way , thank you very much , mr. keyboard-warrior sir, 
  to be fair , growing up in such an environment is horrible for a child 's development, 
  holy shit , is this t_d ? 
  have i been bamboozled ? 
  i actually dislike the preview , screws up my mmb-click, 
  shitty program would n't even work , ` choice ` is undefined, 
   when you 're very positive a person wants to fuck you five ways to friday and avoid it , because you 're still not convinced that they 're not trying to trick you somehow, 
  case sensivity , unless python has changed the last time i used it, 
  enlighten me . 
  please . 
  okay , i admit it , it 's funny , although it was n't my intention to show off either , it simply bothered me, 
  great , now i ca n't unsee that . 
  thanks a lot, 
  i wish there were new hyena videos though , those are what brought me to him, 
  make me so mad that i start punching furniture . 
  to be fair , that only ever happened with league of legends , but at that point , i realised that i had a problem and quit cold turkey, 
  so just gun shot deaths ? 
  i can imagine that there were quite a few stabbings aswell ( probably not enough to change much , but still ), 
  there 's a big difference between 40k and 45-75k, 
  oh , right , overlooked that , sorry !, 
  i 'll eat my words then , that 's quite a big fluctuation, 
  then again , americans build with wood , which is a deal cheaper than bricks, 
  thank you , was looking for this, 
  thank god , i live in europe, 
   3.5 hours spent on the train each day . 
  i 'm hoping that was both to and from work ( i was in a similar situation , finally getting a car was a liberation for me ), 
  in the end , it depends on what you think you really want . 
  if you ca n't live without a fancy apartment/house , a nice car , then it 's no wonder when you live with debt for decades . 
  not that i 'm saying that expensive education is n't a problem in the states , but complaining that you have to work overtime all the time , but at the same time spending money on things you do n't necessarily need is hypocrisy, 
  maybe she 'll change her mind , a collegue of mine declined right away , saying `` it 's not his thing '' and what happened on saturday ? 
  boom , he joined us for a session , he even brought his girlfriend, 
  tbh , i do n't see a reason , why you would need to understand sql to use a no-sql db . 
  sure , there are benefits to understanding the difference , but it 's by no means a necessity . 
  in addition to that , di and inheritance are vastly different . 
  inheritence is the whole super-sub stuff ( when you ` extend ` a class ), 
  so you want to look better than them , while also suggesting c++, 
  getinstance is a static method, 
  room would be one possibility , but then you 'd have daos again . 
  room 's in alpha , which is another point against it, 
  i 'd rather invest in learning how to write sql statements than how the technology behind it works . 
  it 's nice to know , but unless i 'm going into backend development , i 'm not going to need it, 
  i 've been developing android for close to a year on windows 10 now and the only issue i 've had so far is that sometimes my desktop pc at home does n't recognize one of my phones properly , but that 's not the windows , that 's because i screwed up badly when installing the motherboard two years ago and that screwed up the usb ports in some weird way, 
  the gs6 we have in our office as a test device is pretty fluid aswell, 
   of all of those windows phone was actually my favorite phone os, 
  same for me . 
  not only the os , but the lumia 400 just felt right in your hand . 
  not too big , not too small , just the right weight . 
  i 'm still sad that i dropped it, 
  i keep reading it as venison : <, 
  only sucks when you were n't actually born into privilege but people think otherwise because of an optical detail, 
  oh , i 'm sure that as the child of a lower class family with 3/4 foreign heritage in a xenophobic region , i was super privileged . 
  so privileged that a boy chased me off the playground by throwing rocks after me when i was 8 and he was 15, 
  so privileged that i was bullied into major depression that i ca n't shake off . 
  so privileged that i 've been in a mental hospital at age 20 . 
  but in the end , racists like you do n't care about my backstory, 
  when you only have yourself as a reference , then it 's easy to call all white people privileged, 
  god , she 's so thin . 
  it 's a shame what society brings people to, 
  not really , most languages are created for a single purpose ( although that single purpose is usually stretched ), 
  java runs on fridges , just saying, 
  we 've extensively tested battery impact of our websocket and can guarantee you that it 's not killing battery . 
  maybe you used a bad solution ? 
  in our app , we send json data direclty over the socket ( nothing too big , the biggest chunk is less than 200bytes ) . 
  since we need to maintain an open connection the entire time the app is visible , it 's better to send data over the socket anyway ( battery impact is pretty much the same , but since you do n't make your own restcalls , you use less data , because you do n't have to make requests in the first place ), 
  i have no idea . 
  the guy who maintained the project before me did the websockets and so far i have n't even gotten close to monitoring them . 
  the only thing i did was using battery historian while idling and also while bombarding the phone with socket messages, 
  in a couple of screens , yes, 
  has anyone managed to get gitlab ci or circle running with android ? 
  i 've been trying for 12 hours now , but ca n't find a solution , even when following official tutorials, 
  tammy is huuuoooooaaaaaah, 
  i get it, 
  i could do with some of that too, 
  you can simply add another variable ` int pos `, 
  { id : `` abcde '' , name : `` first '' , pos :0 } ,, 
  { id : `` ucngh '' , name : `` second '' , pos :1 } ,, 
  { id : `` ivmlk '' , name : `` third '' , pos :2 }, 
  so , the solution :, 
  1 . pull ` geta ` and ` getb ` into their own interface, 
  1 . add in some sort of flag ( boolean , int , whatever ), 
  1 . add a fake implementation for geta and getb for testing , where you set the flag, 
  1 . call your code, 
  1 . assert that flag is set, 
      sheppard, 
  sheep are stupid animals and can get quite aggressive , even with people they know . 
  my dad works with sheep and only a couple months one of bruised his ribs quite badly, 
  shit , i had n't considered that, 
  she was full on fanservice way before patreon, 
  do n't cry because it 's over , smile because it happened, 
  edit : on second thougt , that sounds super rapey, 
  somebody please caption this, 
  you 're not morty, 
  you can get away without tests if your codebase is small , but on anything else , tests save time and ensure stability,
