  is there a way to get around that problem ? 
  i 'm using version 11.0.4 of google play services, 
  i 'm still a big fan of jahaerys , even though the tiny bit of evidence i had to support this is gone now, 
  turn it into a blocking observable or use schedulers.trampoline ( ) to keep it synchronous, 
  that the community is great at helping new devs , but ask anything more complicated and you 're on your own . 
  i 've had to post several times on both reddit and stackoverflow about removing envelopes in retrofit2 until finally someone told me something i needed , whereas most other people did n't even understand my requirement, 
  also , multi-activity apps , single-activity is so much easier, 
  ` extends basestreamdependentpresenter < v  { ` in a new line is achieved by setting ` extends/implements keyword ` to ` wrap always ` in ` settings -  editor -  code style -  java `, 
  but the generics ? 
  no idea , sorry . 
  i could n't really find anything in the list about generics, 
  you could try [ adventofcode ] ( http://adventofcode.com ) , never a bad choice, 
  how dare you ? 
  eijirou is best boy . 
  i 'm not doing single activity atm ( do n't have motivation to code outside of my dayjob ) , but i fiddled around with conductor and i 'm pretty sure that 's what i will use once i get the opprtunity to restructure our app to the single activity approach, 
  when the drunk hobo , who knew nothing , fell asleep and one of my players thought it would be smart to shoot him in the fucking knee, 
  needless to say , he did way too much damage and the poor homeless guy was killed by an arrow, 
  im still unsure , what law enforcement is gon na do, 
  we 're using it in production at ~ 100.000 monthly active users , so i would say , yes, 
  c is certainly compilable by either , does n't mean that that 's a good approach though, 
  might be you did n't change mininum sdk , but instead changed the app version code, 
  if you immediately set them again after you unset them , the unsetting is one useless operation, 
  good human, 
  afaik , you cant upload apks flagged as debuggable anymore, 
  if obe person bites and pays , others wont have to . 
  you could even crowdfund this shit, 
  yeah similar here , a friend of mine invited me to join her and her friends when they went to an anime convention and now im back babyyy, 
  plz respond, 
  do n't have a credit card , do n't intend to get one for patreon, 
  actually used mvp in our app , kept juggling mvvm around in my head and am currently looking into mvi , although i still do n't really enjoy the concept too much, 
  you do n't learn to test in school , you just hear `` yeah , these are unit tests , see , one plus one equals two '' and you 're supposed to magically understand the power behind testing, 
  combinelatest comes to mind, 
  you only need to compile modules that were subject to change , if you split your project accordingly , you can speed up builds, 
  that being said , i 'm not entirely sure how that correlates with databinding ( never used it before ), 
  oh , you also get the benefit of being able to reuse business logic , should you choose to implement your app for different platforms ( android and desktop for instance ), 
  you could build csv files from your characters and store that to disk , saves you the hassle of having to use the god awful sqlite api, 
  if you need relational data , sqlite is the way to go to, 
  nah , you can go the unity route and script with c # ( i found that unity wrecked my pc though , had to reinstall windows lol ), 
  i honestly thought it was an owl, 
  applicable to the us maybe , unsure about other countries . 
  i 've landed a couple jobs here in austria without a cs degree, 
  theyre like the miniverse in rick & morty, 
  instead of loading all items , load single records by accessing them via cursor and filter by using the where clause in sqlite, 
  if the experience left you feeling violated , i 'd say , it was molestation, 
  i 'd handle schedule updates via fcm , you want to update all users, 
   sorry to hear that you do not enjoy my app . 
  if you have any ideas on how to improve it , please message me at some_email@some_provider.com, 
  is the best thing you can do . 
  flagging for review does n't do anything in my experience and by sympathizising with people , you 'll make a better impression on potential new users, 
  also , not everyone is automatically a troll . 
  some people do n't appreciate the effort that is put into apps and treat them like toys from the dollar store made in taiwan, 
  but then again , you could store your bits in normal integers instead of creating an enum , saving space, 
  intdef does aswell, 
  you could also use sealed classes in kotlin , which work even better, 
  expensive gifts on minir holidays . 
  when i was a child , i got a chocolate bunny and colored eggs for easter , now kids get consoles and phones and shit, 
  is there a way to disable tablets from installing an app via the playstore ? 
   just write the code , observe the problems that occurred and look for the ways to solve them . 
  the architecture will come naturally and only in the places that need to be architectured . 
  and that 's how you end up with legacy code and refactoring-requirements, 
  best bot, 
  writing a spec is hardly overengineering, 
  male depression can look vastly different than what you might think, 
  if im angry , it 's not something you did , it 's most likely my depression acting up, 
  collections use generics , mvp uses them ( generic baseview , all other views extends baseview ), 
  if you have something you want to implement generically for the first time , i suggest you implement it first with a fixed type and then switch out said type with your generic ( as in , implement it like [ this ] ( https://gist.github.com/tormundsmember/fc2fe25de3b2bbc1a9f3801d15e0d6e8 ) first , then refactor it to [ this ] ( https://gist.github.com/tormundsmember/be6d54e01619e0fc544ea106205dfb0d ) ), 
  reporting only works , if you 're quick enough with taking the images down, 
  we have a userbase with ~ 100k mau and ended up using google 's vision api to filter stuff , because we could n't keep up, 
  having used a windows phone , which hid the button bar at the bottom aswell , i 'm gon na say that the home-button stuff looks equally annoying, 
  +1 for crescent rose . 
  scythes are pretty stupid weapons, 
  i wonder how well weiss ' hairstyle looks irl ( without the ponytail ), 
  is it weird to ask that ? 
  same here . 
  even when i go out of my way to embellish a story , it feels incredibly flat to me, 
  16 , we still have a large userbase there, 
  we used to be at 15 , but since i 'm gearing up to use conductor instead of the multi activity bs , i figured it would be an appropriate time, 
  mineta experiencing character development was honestly my favorite part of the episode . 
  he 's always been that really annoying joke character up until now and now he 's finally doing well by himself, 
  i see either a redemption arc or death for emerald, 
  i personally advocate against using eventbuses entirely . 
  following the stream of data can become overwhelming rather quickly and , as you said , you might start sending events at the wrong time and finding that is difficult, 
  using conductor , i have a couple ` controllers ` that can disable the functionality to use the back button until some condition is fulfilled . 
  since you need to manage the backstack via the activity ( in ` onbackpressed ` ) , i figured the easiest way would be to have an ` abstract basecontroller ` class that contains a method ` cangoback ( ) : boolean ` , which the activity calls on the current controller, 
  now i wonder , how i should go about getting the current controller . 
  should i add a ` controllerchangehandler ` and keep the latest controller in a field in my activity ? 
  is there a better way ? 
  kotlin for android developers is not worth the money, 
  sorry for the rant , but how ridicullous is it that i have to either hide the keyboard or set windowsoftinputmode when i want to display a snackbar above the keyboard ? 
  is n't there a more elegant way to do that without fucking around with ui and ux ? 
  kfad is not worth the money, 
  i suggest you reread my comment carefully , 
  you 're using strawman-logic . 
  it 's advisable to communicate your point , if you wish to have a fruitful discussion about any topic, 
  do you happen to have any sources on the first bit ? 
  in combination with [ retrofit ] ( http://square.github.io/retrofit/ ), 
  depends on where you live , lol , but thanks either way !, 
  oct 5-8, 
  shinchanimg.animate ( ), 
  . translationyby ( -500 f ),
