true that !, 
  and let 's take whatever means we can to make sure crazy murderous islamists are outside of our europe . 
  i 'm very much aware of the contents of the bible , yes . 
  but just like the bible can be read as a message of peace or as a message of `` kill the infidels '' ( you and i might disagree , but people interpret that book in all kinds of ways thru history ) . 
  the same is true for the muslims holy book . 
  one can chose to interpret it as a peaceful text , or as a `` kill the infidels '' war cry . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  money and life in northern europe is so much better than in the middle east , and we are welcoming people with open arms . 
  do n't think you ca n't find quotes in the bible to support all sorts of murder as well as the quran . 
  do n't excuse islam more than any other religion . 
  the ones at the uk embassy at unter den linden in berlin would be best . 
  that sounds like letting them set our agenda . 
  tokyo just stretches really far ... a fun day is spent looking at art in mori art museum , which is in the top of a skyscraper . 
  looking out at the city from there on a clear day and it just seems to be endless , all the way to mt. 
  fuji, 
  we have a very different culture wrt private institutions compared to how it 's in the uk . 
  source : am swedish but lived for a while in england . 
  sadly , i highly doubt our gov can keep track of `` half-state '' institutions , such as a school that must follow gov rules but not be part of the state . 
  in scandinavia , it 's more of an all-or-nothing affair than in the anglo world . 
  / my humble opinion as a native of the nordics, 
  i do n't know if my mp 's care about my opinion any more , or if they care about the opinions of those who work at svt ( our version of the bbc or zdf ) . 
  let 's just keep out country at least a little bit as it used to be - one of the best if the world . 
  why do we need to import a bunch of people with crazy ideas and culture ? 
  guess those terms are all relative . 
  i personally think the fact that makes this a hard nut to crack is that text-based discussion has `` lower bandwidth '' than the spoken language us humans have been dealing with since forever . 
  the only swedish-language forum that is `` free '' ( as in unmoderated ) is flashback . 
  that though , is not a fun place to hang out . 
  since it 's the only `` free '' place , it attracts those left out from the moderated forums . 
  if you ask me ( personal opinion ) that 's pretty sad . 
  it 'd be nicer if the mainstream forums ( on reddit , that is r/sweden ) were free for all , and that not only the ones with more extreme opinions would flock there . 
  i guess what i 'm getting at is that in our new age of information , issues become more polarised than they used to be . 
  before everyone could have a say on the internet , and thus those places had to be moderated , and thus different places of discussions became the echo chambers they are ( again , personal opinion ) . 
  -- rambling follows this line -- reddit is great for discussions - in my opinion the greatest we have on the web so far . 
  but it is not a * perfect * place for communication ( of course ) . 
  the tradeoff of running a subreddit ( something i did in the past ) is between reducing the shitposts vs reducing the freedom . 
  i suppose there is a place for both . 
  sometimes one wishes to participate in a forum which is heavily moderated - as a programmer i enjoy hacker news for this reason . 
  for some other issues , total freedom of speech and information is wished for . 
  when it comes to swedish-language forums , i suppose flashback is the place for that ( although you might need to detox after reading some of the shittier parts of it ) . 
  having comment fields open for everyone has definitely changed democracy . 
  i think the latest american presidential election is a clear result of that , and likely as well the first time obama was elected . 
  in sweden , i suppose the lions share of online political `` discourse '' is things people share on facebook . 
  stuff which i 'd say generally holds a low content quality . 
  usually very emotional things , and usually ( from what i see my friends and acquaintances sharing ) things mainly meant to polarise . 
  by that i mean the content is more about `` what idiots the other team are '' rather than what important things has to be said . 
  more shit-throwing at the `` enemy '' than positive words about `` next steps '' to collectively take . 
  i do n't know what is a better way of cooperatively communicating as participants of the web . 
  nor as members of a nation or continent ( as we are connected in the eu ) . 
  we are definitely not doing as good as we could when it comes to online communication . 
  i 'd say that gender is n't a fixed thing . 
  in some moments i 'm a cis guy , hanging out with friends . 
  but i 'm also a muslim woman . 
  think that deserves as much respect as other genderbending . 
  it 's hard some times , but when urges come remember to take deep breaths and remember that those urges is just a devil whispering in your ear . 
  the thoughts of relapse are not yours , they are from that vile thing , and when you stay strong one day at a time they diminish until you do n't feel it any more . 
  you can do it !, 
  that law should n't go out clad with so many revealing holes ;-), 
  no , u/jckeller84 is just saying they are not surprised . 
  could also have said `` expected this '' . 
  * masking your face was banned * muslims enjoy special rights in our country ( ? ), 
  such as covering your face ( to protect against men who obviously rape anyone showing hair ??? ), 
  * these football fans decided to wear muslim face masking , thus exploiting a loophole in the mask ban . 
  * they made a very good rhyme about it, 
  yeah . 
  the hooligans are in what they call `` firmor '' ( firms in english , synonym of company ) . 
  ultras are the loud fucks starting the chants . 
  there is overlap between the groups . 
  well , in r/sweden comments not falling in the mainstream leftie fold are removed . 
  the alternative , r/sverige is the opposite , everyone is super rightie . 
  wish there was some place everyone could communicate freely . 
  many of us swedes also think things are getting pretty wacky . 
  anglo media definitely misunderstands much of it , but the identity politics people who have taken over in the last 15 years are not making all of us happy . 
  if franz kafka kept a tumblr blog in his desk drawer ... 
  sounds like roseng\u00e5rd !, 
  now - a country run by wimps :( i 'm very sad looking at my countrys culture in the 21st century . 
  you are being downvoted because you are saying `` this is stupid and will not work '' but you missed explaining why it does not work . 
  i 'm writing this comment as it is good reddiquette to explain why you downvote a comment . 
  have a good day !, 
  i guess we can thank our new swedes for something then, 
  just came back from a good weekend of skiing . 
  not feeling like teasing you any more . 
  it has been good trolling you , have a good week . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  will give it a read on my way home :-) . 
  learning something every day . 
   cultural conservatism and consequent entrepreneurial failure , rigidities in the economic and social institutions . 
  keep it up . 
  that 's exactly how great britain declined . 
  is that why i meet so many desperate englishmen going to rome in search for a job in a cafe or restaurant ? 
    i like my country very much , and think it 's doing many things right . 
   yes but it does not have everything . 
  not a big metropoly to be found , no good food , no historical achievement , not great at sports , no big military , no nice weather , no beautiful cars are produced , etc. . . got ta add a '' ;-) '' to let everyone know you 're not a jerk , friend !, 
  or even worse , they 'd think you were someone who downvoted comments you disliked . 
  would n't that be pathetic !, 
    i would n't want the french government , i 'd definitely not want the uk gov  but it would n't be neither of them . 
  it 'd be all of us , working together on issue which can not be tackled if we 're separate . 
  that 's what a federation is . 
  yeah - that 's what i 'd like to avoid . 
  i 'm pretty happy with how i 'm ruled ( not entirely , of course ) . 
  glancing down on the mainland continent , i 'd prefer to stay ruled by stockholm if i must be ruled by anyone .
