  oslo or helsinki would n't be too bad either . 
    but i 'd like to keep my nation , because i think it does comparatively well . 
   a 100 years ago sweden was a poor shithole : its gdp per head was $ 1216 , italy 's $ 1571 , the nl 2064 ( maddison , 1991 ) . 
  a lot of things change in a generation and you never know who you 'd like to have by your side when they change for the worst . 
  very true !, 
  but thru hard work , fiscal responsibility and generous social programmes , as well as staying out of the world wars ( likely biggest thing ) , we came out of the 1900s pretty ok . 
  if i can chose my ruler , i now chose not to rock the boat and change it . 
  because i do n't want to share nation with someone who would vote for berlusconi ;-) . 
  jokes aside , i like my country very much , and think it 's doing many things right . 
  likely i like it because it was formed by countrymen like-minded to me - or rather , i was formed by my countrymen . 
  i would n't want the french government , i 'd definitely not want the uk gov ( seems to be an eternal stalemate with the city of london ) , i 'd stay away from some gay-bashers in the south east ( not naming anyone ... ) . 
  that is why i do n't want to sign away my nation to brussels . 
  do n't get me wrong , having a single market in eu for goods and labour is fantastic . 
  i 've enjoyed it , living in multiple eu countries . 
  happy that people are doing the same , going to my home . 
  but i 'd like to keep my nation , because i think it does comparatively well . 
  source ? 
  the thing that saddens me most about the uk leaving the eu is that we 'll be left without any euro-moderate at all . 
  they were always the ones for slowing down the euro-federalist train . 
  only annoying thing when travelling to usa as a swede is having to fill in a esta form a few weeks beforehand ( makes it hard to plan urgent trips ) , and it feels like a spit in the face to pay the $ 10 with no payment options than american credit cards ( visa & mastercard ) . 
  give me sepa every day !, 
  is n't it simply that more poles overstay their visas than , say , dutch or french or canadian ? 
  usa can set their own laws , just like poland can . 
  vacationing in florida is not a human right , as it is today . 
   i get that , but at the same time `` poles '' vs `` western europeans '' should not be an acceptable distinguishing feature for making these decisions , no more than race or gender . 
  why not ? 
  usa is a sovereign country , free to refuse entry to whoever they wish . 
  if they see a pattern of poles overstaying visas too often , of course they are free to require getting a visa before flying over . 
  they can do so for any reason . 
   the problem that we had is that `` visa application rejection '' rates are totally out of the hands of the bulgarian or romanian governments . 
  there was basically nothing they could do , since only our consular staff in sofia/bucharest could make any decisions that affected it . 
  but it 's not up to the romanian/bulgarian governments - it 's up the canadian ( or usa in op 's case ) government . 
  the rom/bul governments have zero say in who can enter canada , and vice versa . 
  if that happens i will ask my representatives to get me out of the union . 
  and i 'd suppose friends in nl , france and denmark doing the same , leaving a union which usa can ask for visa applications from however much they wish . 
  \u261d this fella speaks the truth about us swedes, 
  those things ( except the jobs in big biz ) are rights for everyone already . 
  as a conscript you get to freeze it out in the forest like a little piece of dirt for a year , and then you get to protect your country in case of attack ( russia prolly - or the danes ) . 
  i 'm swedish and i think conscription is the right thing . 
  no conscript is going to wage an unjust war abroad , which a professional soldier might be ok with . 
  but all conscripts will defend their land when under attack . 
  i hear what you are saying - that is how the eu is sold to me . 
  but come on , it 's almost a thousand euros a month . 
  i feel wronged . 
  i 'd like the salary i 'm working for . 
  thanks , eu . 
  i usually feel like i 'm not made of money - but maybe i am , and it 's all just taxed :'(, 
  well , of course it is taken from our taxes . 
  my bad , so sorry . 
  mixed it up and thought something funky was going on in the moderation . 
  will delete this post , 
  this guy speaks the truth . 
  if you do n't want to be democratic , that 's fine , but you ca n't then be in the club of european democracies . 
  great for capital owners - less so for those earning income from labour . 
  in our personal lives that means to earn from our current world , shift your income from labour to capital . 
  a little every month . 
  it goes further sure , for services . 
  prices for products are the same , since there are no borders . 
  except for sales tax , which the nordic parlaments have blessed us with of great percentage . 
   the 900 that comes from say , denmark those lucky bastards pay less than that . 
  that might be the theory - but in truth i think it 's because of politicians feeling inadequate if they do n't do these kinds of things . 
  or wanting to appear like the good boy of the world . 
  the compensation goes to owners of businesses , in the form of their socks becoming worth more . 
  the only solution for a mr. normal is to shift your income from labour to capital - i.e. 
  spending your salary on index funds . 
  poland is almost 4x as populous . 
  https://encrypted.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=poland%20population https://encrypted.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=greece%20population, 
  who are living in a union so tight they 'll start a civil war if someone tries to invoke treaty of lisbon article 50, 
  e.g : burglars bringing their loot home undisturbed by customs . 
  919.83 euro per year . 
  ouch ... 
  why do we do this ? 
  is n't the whole point of the free european market that the invisible hand will even this out , by production moving where labour is cheaper ? 
  i bought a suit jacket today in berlin - it says `` made in romania '' . 
  ^ ^ will ^ it ^ work ^ ? 
  danes rock , have always done . 
  only reason we are different people is because some kings fought until equally strong at some point in the past . 
  once again , i wish the snakes in our parlament would take a page from across the \u00d6resund bridge ... 
  nope !, 
  treason is treason and it 's not strange for your government to take your rights away then . 
  since the islamic state claims to be at war with the west , how is fighting for them not considered treason anywhere in europe ? 
  got ta use a vpn when in the uk . 
  it 's not a threat . 
  me not sending food to you is not the same as saying you ca n't eat . 
  how exactly ? 
  exactly !, 
  thanks, 
  fun fact : our navy were so-so colonising other nations ( good for the nations on the european west coast ) . 
  they did however make an effort to colonise northward , resulting is a long time of bad treatment to the same people who live up there . 
  dark part of our history , indeed . 
  same culture rocks . 
  happens to the best of us !, 
  yeah - roadtripping around europe and not stopping at borders or exchanging currency is very nice - different from when i was a kid , that 's for sure . 
  europe is a good place to live :-) . 
  we all should thank the italians for their great anti-terrorist policing . 
  we should also follow their example . 
  thanks , italy . 
  i explicitly talked about schengen . 
  the british isles were never in schengen . 
  i 'm unaware of border controls to switzerland .
