  not saying should - i mean that they ( kind of ) are . 
  you can drive all around schengen without a passport ( except between denmark and sweden - is there any other id controls i am ignorant about ? ), 
  i presume op also meant the open borders between european countries . 
  imho it 's like talking about open borders between california and nevada , but hey ... 
  - `` what are they saying ? '', 
  - `` please '', 
   now what makes this tough is that doch is also a lose filler word , especially in colloquial german . 
  my understanding as well . 
  if you are interested , the way i 'd translate `` dock '' ( sv ) to english would be `` but '' . 
  so it seems they mean something different then . 
  * : `` b\u00e5ten \u00e4r r\u00f6d , dock inte vinr\u00f6d '' * : `` the boat is red , but not wine red '' * : `` die boot ist rot , aber nich weinrot '' i do n't think you can replace `` aber '' with `` doch '' there right ? 
  please note that i 'm now just theorising - not an advocate of eugenics as it means the state giving punishment without a crime having taken place . 
  the problem with eugenics ( except the one beforementioned ) is `` who is to judge '' . 
  i know my state makes many mistakes - the people running it are in the business of re-election , which means they must implement the policies people want or be `` fired '' in the next election . 
  ( btw , i 'm voting to fire my current leaders in the next election 2018 ) . 
  as such i think the state is an unfit entity to judge who should be sterilised if that was the policy . 
  therefore ( plus the reason in my first paragraph ) i think eugenics is unrealistic . 
  ** one should also note ** that iq has been rising ( flynn effect ) every decade so far . 
  although , it might have stopped . 
  [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flynn_effect#possible_end_of_progression ) . 
  absolutely . 
  please note that my comment meant that there is less in berlin than in other european cities . 
  have friends from japan and korea who tell me the same story . 
  so sad since they come from very polite and civilised nations , where they ca n't imagine having minorities who act like this . 
  it 's very foreign to then :( . 
  cool . 
  got ta take this opportunity to ask what the meaning of `` doch '' is ? 
  hearing my german friends say `` doch doch '' . 
  wondering if it means the same as `` dock '' in swedish - could be the same word , just spelled differently . 
  absolutely !, 
  as said - it was in the 12th century ( according to wikipedia ) . 
  what is dach ? 
  they are not forced to live in ghettos . 
  they choose to make makeshift camps in the woods or abandoned places . 
  no one is stopping them from rending a flat and having a job - we would love it if they did . 
  the way it goes down is that the process is delayed by appeals ( \u00f6verklagan ) , until the family moves on to the next school district . 
  usually they do n't receive mail as they do n't live on an address , so any notice does n't even get to them . 
  back in my woods , since a few years back they get tarps and set up makeshift tents in the groves by villages , hang out there for a while and then go on . 
  how do you stop that behaviour while still keeping a rigorous justice process ? 
  kind of wish using lethal force to defend your home would be legal , like for americans ... 
  think most are aware that gypsies are a part of the human species . 
  queue ` [ removed ] ` comments ... 
  first sentence of reason you made so far !, 
  true , it 's unappreciated . 
  back in the early half of the 1900-s eugenics was big . 
  in my native sweden i know some gipsies were sterilised if unable to integrate in society . 
  this practice was n't uncommon else in scandinavia or mainland europe . 
  of course the nazis tried genocide . 
  let 's stay the hell away from that , forever , though ... 
  except for racist eugenics , what is a solution ? 
  and how do you legally identify someone as gypsy or not ? 
  they are a ethnic minority from india who came to the balkans in the 12th century . 
  stayed closed as a group and are now a problem all europeans have to deal with . 
  we are too nice to be hard against them though , so they persist . 
  eugenics was big for a while , the nazis tried genocide . 
  of course not the right way to go . 
  [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people#arrival_in_europe ), 
  that 's the law in sweden as well . 
  but what can you do when a child stops turning up ? 
  and the family is seldom home ? 
  especially if they are foreigners , ready to jump ship to another eu country ? 
  i think what was meant was that for the majority population these things would not be accepted - the children would be taken into care of the state . 
  yeah . 
  the eu opened up for legal travel - illegal ( like for gypsies ) requires no visas . 
  seniorchevere speaks the truth , these people are around in berlin ( albeit somewhat less than in other european cities , such as paris & barcelona ) . 
  is this pc code words for gypsies ? 
   the price of annexation of something like gotland would be too huge to justify all the consequences . 
  and lets not forget nato is already in baltic states , gotland wo n't change much here . 
  that might very well be - with with crimea in fresh memory i do n't feel like that 's a chance worth taking . 
  as you say , all the others around the baltic are in nato , so there is really only one country there which is invadeable - and it 's the country with that big nice island right by the gas pipes . 
  -- please do n't get me wrong though - as you can hear i 'm not fan of the russian government . 
  i think it 's very sad that these crooks took over after the soviet union fell . 
  my suspicion does not translate to any hard feeling for the people though , as russians are nice and good friends . 
  many of my very good friends are from the country and now living in my current country , where we hang out and have good times . 
  know there 's a lot of hard words thrown around especially in this subreddit . 
  so please remember that i 'm talking about putin and his crook friends only !, 
  what gotland has is a good position for a nato-friendly base . 
  that would be a threat to russia the gas pipes are laid in the baltic . 
  sweden is not in nato now , but if we joined , i would n't be surprised if gotland was something that worried kremlin . 
   not to mention russian people would n't support such annexation either . 
  when the president owns the tv and other media , consent can be fabricated . 
  i 'm sure he can convince the russians that they rightfully should control the island . 
  i do n't think putin wants to take over stockholm . 
  he might be interested in gotland or \u00c5land . 
  for sure he is interested in laying gas pipes in our territory in the baltic sea . 
  gas pipes will be something worth defending for them - a reason to have a military presence , just like in crimea island in ukraine . 
  they are doing this to ukraine , and just like them we are not part of nato . 
  if they annex gotland - what can sweden do ? 
  it might be different for le pen and the brexiteers , and even the trumpets in america . 
  but we swedes , just like you my friend in the east , have things russia can want . 
  for us to be persuaded by their dictator appearing in his own propaganda as the antithesis to the identity-left wimps who run free in stockholm is beyond foolish . 
  just because i distrust gustav fridolin and stefan l\u00f6v\u00e9n does n't mean putin is a good guy . 
  i distrust all of them . 
  the post-sovjet ( also the sovjet ) russian government are liars . 
  that country never had a functioning democracy , because they switched straight to communism after their revolution during ww1 . 
  any swedish nationalist who puts any trust in russia ( government ) is a fool and a pawn in putins game . 
  oh fuck off there . 
  the russian government ( the people are cool ) is a bunch of liars , and a bunch of crooks . 
  i 'm with you 100 % that the political class is n't representing us ( with that i mean s & m not representing svenne ) . 
  but putin and his party is worse , every day of the week .
