  our resident ~ ~ neo-nazi ~ ~ * totally wholesome nationalist party * made a huge fuss about a black kid being on the kinder chocolate box . 
  of course , this was already ridiculous - every single other child on the box had been non-black , so why not have a black kid for once ? 
  but it got way more embarassing . 
  the kid on the cover was a childhood photo * of a player in the german national soccer team * . 
  they were caught with their foot in their mouth - soccer is one of the few places where germans express national pride . 
  so what did they do ? 
  they kept digging , of course !, 
  they publicly said the player in question was a person that nobody would like as their neighbour , because they 're black . 
  yup . 
  and with that astounding stupidity revealed , everyone ~ ~ laughed ~ ~ still voted for them jesus christ what is wrong with this country, 
  i do n't think i can agree with a worldview in which you can be guilty simply for being born to the wrong family . 
  guilt should be a result of your actions . 
  might wan na edit that comment , i think you slipped on the '' . '' . 
  edit : wow , he corrected it and then downvoted me for pointing it out . 
  mature . 
  i hope that opinion that does n't come back to bite you . 
  if any of your parents or grandparents ever commit crimes , will you willingly suffer for them ? 
  it 's nice that you immediately put me in your strawman camp of evil people . 
  europe as a whole has a responsibility to repair the damage done through imperialism . 
  i never denied that , but you simply assumed that there is zero nuance . 
  putting any blame on individuals , however , that have never done anything against your country , is baseless and toxic . 
  it 's not our fault that we were born here , and we 've made literally every effort that could reasonably expected to distance us from this . 
  meanwhile , you pretend each one of us is guilty for something our ancestors did . 
  you 're literally saying we are guilty because of where we were born . 
  have i missed something ? 
  what , are you talking about brexit ? 
  or the nebulous idea that someone else * might * leave ? 
  you 're going to have to be a bit more explicit and a bit less flippant if you want an actual discussion . 
  that was not `` our country '' . 
  we are a successor state , sure , but that 's it . 
  no-one alive has done any of that . 
  there is no sense in punishing innocents for the sins of their ( grand ) fathers . 
  that 's a pretty extreme statement abot an organisation that is n't at all dead or dying . 
   no , you 're a communist by admission . 
  source ? 
  pretty sure i 've never said `` i am a communist '' , so unless you 're using your own special definition of the term , that 's simply untrue . 
   answer the questions . 
  i do n't owe you answers . 
  but i 'm going to give you these two questions , because why not . 
   is your leftist stance a position to separate yourself from your nazi grandparents ? 
  well , i did n't have nazi grandparents , but if i had , i would n't really care - their crimes are not my crimes , and if you knew anything about german history , you 'd know the post-war generations very decisively handled that issue . 
  assuming that everyone that disagrees with you has to have their opinions because of some personal quirk is pretty ignorant . 
   are they still in prison ? 
  again , no nazi grandparents here , as far as i am aware of . 
  the ones i know were too young for that , anyway . 
  the most i 've got is a grandfather who was in the hitler youth , which was mandatory . 
  so , are we done now with your pathetic attempt at an insult ? 
   your comment history shows you to be one if you actually had any nuance and reading comprehension , you 'd see i 'm neither a teenager nor a communist : i 'm a german social democrat ( no affiliation with the similarly named party , though ) . 
  but yeah , for people like you , anything not to your liking has to be `` communist '' . 
  the red scare is alive and well , i see . 
   and answer the questions i do n't have to do that . 
  i 'm a different person , if you did n't notice . 
  not that * anyone * here owes you anything . 
  yup , anyone not agreeing with you is a `` teenage communist '' . 
  that 's super reasonable . 
  either you 're defending a troll or you 're his sock-puppet account . 
  wow , that 's pathetic either way . 
  yeah , i get that . 
  it 's important in a historical context , but it has n't aged well , in my opinion . 
  he also came to regret writing the book , since it inspired a wave of youth suicides . 
  as much as it may sound like an r/iamverysmart answer : goethe , both categories . 
  he 's my absolute favourite . 
  faust is probably the book i have read more often than any other . 
  every sentence just ... oozes colour . 
  it 's shameful that no-one has referenced blood bowl yet . 
  it happens all the time , and while the risk of it blowing up is tiny , even that has to be avoided when thousands of people 's lives are on the line . 
  i think pretty much everyone is okay with that - apart from some old-timers grumbling . 
  oh my pc , for sure . 
  i do n't have much of value , so despite it not being * that * expensive , it would still be the most economically valuable by far . 
  those are technicalities . 
  they are overruled by other laws . 
  friend of mine got asked by an american , while she was on a student exchange in america , if we had electricity here in germany . 
  ah , that took me a moment . 
  oh , i know , but i did n't want to complicate it in my explanation . 
  for most matters , cdu and csu are the same . 
  while religion is , as the others have pointed out , less politisized than in the us , conservative sentiment rests firmly in regions dominated by the religious . 
  bavaria , for example , will never vote for anything other than the cdu/csu : the christian democratic/socialist union . 
  that is n't really due to religion , though - bavarians align closely with the cdu party line , and while they would have at least some uproar if the cdu were to completely stop their `` religious '' policies , they 'd still vote cdu , i 'd say . 
  they are the standard here . 
  automatic is slowly catching on , but due to increased cost and basically no used automatics , it 's almost entirely the old and upper class that buy them . 
  ... that 's something both austrians and germans would refute . 
  also , it 's `` blood '' . 
  it 's seen as the event that brought the us into war against japan . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  it 's seen as a surprise attack that kicked off a war . 
  everyone pretty much knows the name , but it 's normally not majorly expanded upon in history classes . 
  i do n't have anything new to add ( it would be gothic for me ) to the list , but i just found out that `` orwell '' was developed here . 
  i had been eyeing that game a bit , and i 'll probably buy it . 
  i dig `` 20-minutes-into-the-future '' - dystopia . 
  that 's illegal in most places , just not specified . 
  a lot of countries have laws about acceptable noise , and dogs fall under that . 
  there * is * a catch , though : you can still be punished for any * other * infraction during the escape . 
  so damaging property , hurting guards and the like will still get punished . 
  these boards only exist in some cities . 
  it really depends on where you are . 
  most cities do n't require you to get a license , or give a license without an audition . 
  oh i agree , most of the opposition is just old people without any argument and no information on the topic . 
  well , in most cities they are largely for students . 
  germany is pretty pro-legalization when it comes to people under 40 . 
  but above that age-line , you still have plenty of people that ca n't imagine it .
