  as such , i do n't s see much point talking to you . 
  come back when you manage to have an open mind . 
   refugee flees to first safe area and stays there except they , you know , generally do n't . 
  refugees do n't stay in inhumane conditions . 
  and being a refugee and being a migrant are not mutually exclusive . 
  the jews that fled to america stayed there , they were still refugees . 
  you would n't stay in abject poverty in a camp , either . 
  tl ; dr : basically every single wave of refugees ever has behaved like this , it 's nothing new . 
  living conditions and availability of work are the prime concerns . 
  it is more complex than that , of course . 
  it 's a bit more than `` let me just put a border between me and my home region '' . 
  you are n't just trying to leave a place where you ca n't live , you also have to find a place where you * actually can * live . 
  so you want to stay in countries that are 1 . not hostile to refugees ( which depends on what group you are part of ) 2 . do n't have inhumane accomodation for refugees ( which the two large `` in-between countries '' , greece and turkey , do ) 3 . will have you for the longest possible time ( you do n't want to pack up every few months and move around ) 4 . that you can take your family to , for example through family reunion clauses ( since many refugee families can not afford to pay the trafficker for all of them or ca n't make the journey together ) 5 . that has a use for you ( you want a job at some point , so going to a country in an economic crisis is probably not the best idea ) 6 . that is politically stable - you do n't want to live somewhere for a few years before the next catastrophe hits 7 . that is willing to educate your children . 
  saving family is one of the most common and powerful motivators in refugee communities - they left their home because they want a future . 
  those are just the few off the top of my head , i can go hunt for articles again to refresh my memory and give you more if you want . 
  you can see these things with basically any refugee `` crisis '' , from jews fleeing to america to syrian refugees going to germany . 
  in the end , though , two of these are way more immediately important than the others , and no matter what survey you look at or what article you read , you 'll find the same : living conditions and availability of work . 
  and those have to be long-term solutions , otherwise they are n't worth much . 
  [ this ] ( https://theconversation.com/why-dont-refugees-just-stay-in-turkey-or-greece-we-asked-them-70257 ) is a pretty easy to read summary of it , and it hits on that core concern : you do n't want to end up in a camp that lets you wallow in abject poverty and you want to find work to earn money and be productive . 
  pretty relatable , i feel . 
  sorry if i came off as hostile at first , it 's just somewhat stressful that so many on the internet and in real life do n't actually care to put themselves in the shoes of someone else . 
  oh wow , the same old right-wing talking point that has been debunked about fifty-thousand times before . 
   playing on their fancy cell phones that 's mostly because in their home regions , before trouble broke out , smartphones were just as cheap as they are here , and for anyone coming here without one it 's one of the most useful purchases they can make . 
  having something that can access translations and wikis ( and google maps ) on the move is phenomenally useful for refugees/asylum seekers . 
  i volunteered when the first wave hit . 
  it was hard work , but very rewarding . 
  people were so ... grateful , so shaken by the heartwarming ( initial ) reaction of the country . 
  i stopped when i simply could n't expend the time anymore , like many others . 
  the others were burning vacation time , i was in between jobs . 
  this was the real problem : volunteers quickly dried up and the government did not replace them enough . 
  i think the worst thing to see was the , well , `` greed of survival '' . 
  people that had to take as much as they can at any opportunity because it might be the last thing they 'll get . 
  it was hard for them to abandon that mentality . 
  i still live close to a school where an abandoned wing was re-purposed as a refugee home . 
  a really good location for the children , makes me happy to see them play pretty much every day i pass the school . 
  obviously , it is n't all this rosy . 
  my father is a police officer , and he had to deal with the worst of the worst . 
  the biggest problem seems to be simply being underfunded and understaffed . 
  edit : oh and also , my first girlfriend and her grandmother were `` economic '' refugees from russia . 
  apparently , having to raise a kid when you have mounting health costs while getting nothing but a small pension and orphan-benefits meant she was basically condemned to starve in russia . 
  sending you a letter is almost free , and sending a message that you ca n't just skip borders is priceless . 
  i mean , once you fire that article , there ai n't no backing out unless * every member agrees * with them backing out . 
  i 'm sure at least one of them holds enough of a grudge to disagree . 
  again , what would be enough for you ? 
  is there anything ? 
  so , i do n't have an opinion on the conflict about the name in general since i do n't know enough about the situation , but if even * putting it into the constitution of a country * is n't enough for you , what is ? 
  i 'd be surprised if most posters here even know where montenegro is ( and that it 's a country ) . 
  germany : france , for a very long time . 
  but after wwii , we 've mostly come together as the heart of the eu project . 
  most of it ironed out . 
  which is pretty damn surprising , considering what we did to each other over such a long time . 
  but yeah , nowerdays it 's pretty good , and i 'm happy for that . 
  i have a fruitfly infestation and had to sacrifice the last of my good wine to make a trap , since it 's sunday and tomorrow is a holiday , so the stores are n't open . 
  brits always told me us germans stare - just in general . 
  i came back to find that yeah , we do . 
  we just do . 
  we sort of just stare at everyone else . 
  pretty much the same thing as before , except now it has settled in that this is really happening . 
  basically `` wait are n't those that conspiracy ? '', 
  - that 's all most people will know . 
  as others said : while plenty of men pee sitting up , we generally try to make it so everyone sits . 
  it 's stereotypically german : it does n't get sprinkles everywhere . 
  german toilets often have the little shelf ( but far from always , especially older toilets ) , but it 's not just for looking at the poop : it prevents the backsplash without wasting paper . 
  being german , i sit down and if i have the choice , i will use the one with the shelf . 
  just so much better . 
  ... not being a nationalist is n't ... social ? 
  well , considering the constant threats of the us to leave nato , the distance seems to be growing . 
  cool it with the weird analogies , geopolitics are not sex . 
  so in your mind , if i made up a league of countries that does n't have that stated goal , it 's not secession , right ? 
  so if i then add that goal with some ridiculous timetable - like , `` in 4 million years we plan on becoming one country '' - is it suddenly secession ? 
  the goal of the eu is to at some point in the future come closer - it 's a vague plan that does n't even * have * a timetable . 
  that does n't have anything to do with the here and now : the eu simply is not that , and thus calling it secession is dramatizing it . 
  the eu is not a federation , and it wo n't be for a long time - it 's a stated goal , not a reality . 
  this is simply not secession . 
  again , would you say `` brazil is seceding from mercosur '' by leaving ? 
  no , because that would be a crass dramatization . 
  no , it 's not secession because it 's * a sovereign nation * exiting a contract . 
  this is n't part of a country trying to secede , it 's a nation terminating their participation in a union . 
  imagine if brazil left mercosur tomorrow - we would n't call that secession . 
  this is so far from secession that i ca n't even really grasp how people can think of it as a secessionist movement . 
  brexit is n't secessionist , they want a sovereign nation to leave an alliance of nations through a defined process . 
  but on topic : secessionist movements are everywhere , but most are not much more than a few weirdos with delusions of grandeur . 
  bavarian secessionists , for example . 
  i know it 's illegal in spain , at least . 
  this is straight up illegal in both cities and can cause pretty hefty fines . 
  not to mention that even * bringing * the ashes over the border without documentation and registration can be a bad idea . 
  i advise you to first talk to a lawyer about this , because you really do n't want to be caught smuggling a corpse ( in ash form , but still a dead body ) over a border , and you do n't want to be caught spreading dead people in the middle of a city . 
  i think it 's antiquated , but we have yet to find another shorthand for its concept , so it 'll stick around for a while . 
  especially now with the rift between the us and europe , it seems outdated . 
  probably something made by uwe boll , who i 'd nominate for worst german director in this thread . 
  he focused on making movies from videogame franchises for a while and abused tax loopholes so that he could pocket some money , all the while churning out worse-than-mediocre movies . 
  although he did n't film most of those in germany , so i 'm not sure it counts . 
  bonus points : he challenged his critics to boxing matches ( him being a brute ) and backed down when someone with more boxint experience than him wanted to take him up on the offer . 
  i did n't mean to say that it 's a good argument . 
  it 's like with the word `` f\u00fchrer '' : yes , we all know technically it 's just a word and the word itself did n't use to have any negative meaning , but the nazis have tainted it so thouroughly that saying it immediately feels wrong . 
  it 's not rational , but people are not rational . 
  the population has an understandable fear to do anything resembling that time , and politics has to be made around it . 
  you may find that stupid , but that is literally how every country works - they have their quirks of culture and politics . 
  oh my god , i love this question . 
  i never thought about it , but yeah , we ( along with the netherlands and probably some other neighbours of ours ) have a kind of quirky bit of culture : `` schreberg\u00e4rten '' or `` kleing\u00e4rten '' .
