   it 's also pretty easy to tell where someone is from in south and central america ; the accents are very distinctive . 
  accents do n't mean anything when you are trying to prove that someone comes from somewhere . 
  you ca n't determine country of origin by accent . 
  this is a legal process . 
  accents can be easily mimicked , they can easily be misjudged ( and how would you even set up a system of people to judge accents ? ), 
  and they do n't necessarily correlate with where people actually come from . 
   the u.s. already deports almost half a million per year and i have n't seen any of these mass executions and internment camps and other nonsense people always make up that supposedly will happen . 
  i never said that would happen , i am saying there is systemic violence and racism in the deportation system . 
  and one of my main points is that there * is * already a deportation mechanic : deporting any more people per year requires some of the process to be cut , and i very much doubt that people who want this actually know enough about the process to have an opinion on * what * should be cut . 
  first of all , the safety of those countries is disputed - or rather , the definition of `` safe country '' is . 
  right now , an oppressive regime in which famine and poverty kill huge amounts of people is still `` safe '' with the official definition , as long as it does n't `` deliberately '' persecute a group . 
  that 's ... a suboptimal definition . 
  then there is the inherent problem with deportation to a country of origin : both the about-to-be-deported-migrant * and * the country both have to acknowledge that yes , he is indeed a citizen of that country . 
  this is not really a system that can be fixed , it 's just how it is , but it leads to mass deportation in the common definition basically being impossible . 
  `` hey guys , would you mind not throwing away your ids and telling us where you came from ? '', 
  `` hey country x , this gigantic mass of people that you do n't want and that do n't want to be with you is totally yours , right ? 
  we can just shove those off to you ? '', 
  you can see how no party has any reason to cooperate . 
  obviously , it 's more complex in real life . 
  then there is the fact that there already * is * a mechanic to deport illegal immigrants - trying to deport them any faster means you have to cut down on due process , which violates human rights . 
  also , mass deportations have always had huge problems with systemic violence in the process . 
  trump becomes president : a. 
  government : has to deal with him , so they will try to play nice . 
  b. populace : endless ridicule and a complete lack of understanding for americans . 
  your other questions : 1 ) gigantic human rights issue . 
  our far-right will rejoice , everyone else will gag in disgust . 
  2 ) europe would immediately try and pounce on the opportunity while trying to not get involved . 
  3 ) utter surprise and again , neverending ridiculue , considering nato is basically `` americas lapdog '' in public perception . 
  also , they will be asked to abandon all military bases in germany ... which , considering literally * every single drone launch * in the middle east is done from here , will mean a lot of re-location for american bases to whatever country still wants them . 
  4 ) surprise . 
  that kind of behaviour seems archaic and completely unnecessary . 
  very little changed . 
  like , there has literally been more right-wing hate-crime due to this than refugee crime . 
  i helped during the initial surge . 
  i 've seen the good and the bad . 
  i think it was truly amazing to see an entire nation ( and its media - even the populist shit magazines ! ), 
  come together and be nice for a little while . 
  my personal life is basically unchanged , apart from a few refugees living in unused rooms in the school next door . 
  actually no , that 's not true , something has changed : literally any conversation with the ( very populist , * very * simple-minded ) friends of my father now have the potential to end in them getting very angry about me not hating foreigners . 
  yay . 
  well , the european ones are all from `` the olden times '' - the american tales have railroads and other relatively recent , society changing stuff in them . 
  and they 're pretty much all folk-heroes based on honest work . 
  less dragon slaying or magical wishes , more `` gigantic woodsman felling an entire forest '' . 
  i really like that - they straddle the line between fantasy and mundane reality . 
  that 's ... incredible . 
  i knew some states had it bad with liquor stores having to close very early , but i never quite grasped just how stupid a system like that could be . 
  wait , why no wine and beer at the same place ? 
  yes , but only because once i saw an allusion to one , i was kinda fascinated and looked them up . 
  they make for a really weird juxtaposition for european folklore . 
  almost no german/european will have heard of them , though - they are a cultural oddity that never really made it out of america . 
  i think most germans think of britain as `` reluctant europeans '' , but culturally european through and through ( maybe even one of the heart-pieces of western european culture ) . 
  lot 's of jokes about the `` island monkeys '' , sure , but i think in general germans like britain and want to think of it as european . 
  not real renaissance fairs , but there are `` medieval markets '' here . 
  they are ... not very authentic , but i 'm kind of a history nazi on that one . 
  they are very fun , though - they 're works of passion for most of the participants , and it shows . 
  almost any city will have one at some point , but only once a year . 
  big cities generally have better ones . 
  i 'd say unless you 're really flexible with when exactly you go where , it might be hard to catch one . 
  also , you can search for the term `` festspiele '' , which are generally less of a faire and more of a fixed almost `` theatre play '' structure , but are normally really cool . 
  * because think of the children * even in the middle of the night in an industrial district, 
  in the part of my birth town i 'm from : rewe must have bribed the city with a * shitload * of money . 
  they basically got the right to completely replace the market place with their gigantic new building ( despite already having a decently sized rewe right next to it ) , they even got a bit of financial help from the city . 
  we were promised a new marketplace , but the city never properly got the rights to that piece of land or ran out of money : they bulldozed the buildings there , cordoned the place off and then never built the marketplace . 
  i am absolutely convinced everyone involved knew that they could n't build the new marketplace . 
  they got bribed by rewe , promosed the market to calm the people down that were against it and used the opportunity to get rid of some ratty old buildings that were regularly used for semi-legal stuff , all while knowing they could n't actually build the new market there . 
  german is pretty awkward with this . 
  we do n't have specific words , we use `` friend '' and it has to come from context , which leads to misunderstandings . 
  one of the few ways to distinguish is the difference between `` this is * my * friend '' ( boyfriend/girlfriend ) and `` this is * a * friend of mine '' ( platonic friend ) . 
  `` feste_r freund_in '' , a `` permanent friend '' can be used for boyfriend/girlfriend , but it has some other awkward implications at times . 
  tea is shit . 
  yeah , all you brit-a-boos , you heard that right . 
  it archaic and unnecessary and tastes bad in comparison to modern beverages . 
  there , i said it !, 
  number one is n't going to happen . 
  some eu members have much more involvement in some parts of the world , which the rest of the eu does not want to get into . 
  looking at you , france . 
  they wo n't give that up by disbanding their military . 
  what * would * certainly help would be standardizing equipment a little more as a first small step . 
  but we know how well that went for nato i 'm not holding my breath . 
  bielefeld and a bit of dortmund during the weekends . 
  i live in cities that basically do n't ever get tourists , and if they do , it 's not going to be from outside of europe . 
  so , if i understand that right , you should be able to claim austrian citizenship * if * and only * if * austria has that kind of law ( like ireland has ) that makes you eligible due to your ancestors being from there . 
  you have to look up if austria has any such law , though . 
  the italian one is probably a lost cause : italian ethnicity , name and a bit of language is n't something the administration can judge - it does n't make people eligible for citizenship . 
  i mean , with those qualifications , literally any italian-american could apply . 
  if you are too moody to have a proper conversation after someone asked an innocent question , maybe you should just not reply instead of being an ass about it . 
  hm , i can certainly see 1 and 3 , but as far as i know the system in the netherlands requires several doctors to confirm , so i do n't think that 's much of an issue . 
  i had n't really thought about 1 though , thanks . 
  both , really . 
  most of the media could n't quite gauge what the mainstream was going to think , so a lot of it was sort of meta-drama `` people are talking about this '' , but never really giving a slant one way or another unless the paper or magazine in question had a very obvious side to pick . 
  nope . 
  there was even some uproar in the media some people were kind of `` medical tourists '' in the netherlands to make use of the assisted suicide practice there . 
  i 'm not criticising , just curious and interested : what are the arguments against it that you 've heard ? 
  as a personal anecdote , the doctors at my grandmother 's bed risked their license to let her die in peace . 
  she had cancer and would have died in less than a month - but it would have been a wasting away . 
  they even let her take off a lot of the machinery so that she could properly say goodbye to my family . 
  and as literally anyone that says this gets explained to them : you knew exactly what was meant , everyone knows about taxes , you just chose to be a dick about it . 
  edit : oh wait , it 's you . 
  pointless to talk to you , really . 
  no , it 's not - not completely .
