  oh yeah , definitely , in all the ways americans do . 
  in fact , there is a german term , `` ostalgie '' for the naive nostalgia some easterners have for the days of the german democratic republic , commonly mocked by imitating their stereotypical argument `` well not * everything * was bad in the east '' . 
  and yeah , there are enough old people that still believe the third reich was a great place to live in . 
  they 're shunned and the generation after them has distanced itself from them , but they 're still around for a little while . 
  oh really ? 
  is it on a city-basis maybe ? 
  i 'll have to look into that , another neo-nazi party left all their shit here recently . 
  the british laws about political campaigning have some really good parts . 
  i wish german parties had to pick up their trashy , destroyed by rain signs once they 're done . 
  they 're littering and everyone just accepts it !, 
  `` the dog goes crazy in the pan '' , `` it 's like milking mice '' - it 's maddening/futile . 
  `` it 's not good cherry-eating with him '' - he 's unfriendly , strict . 
  in the real world ? 
  i used to hang out with them when i was a teenager . 
  was n't great . 
  shaped my view for sure . 
  for something more recent and less extreme : my hometown was actually * two * towns due to a bishop and a lord not agreeing who owns it - the typical `` i ca n't get it , so i 'll make my own and it will totally be cooler '' . 
  fast forward to modern times , the old town is reigned over by the cdu ( christian democrats ) - their voters are conservative and - compared to their rivals - well-off . 
  the `` new '' town had a much bigger population , mostly workers supporting the spd ( social democrats ) and much less well-off . 
  the towns were about to be merged . 
  you can imagine the despair in the local cdu . 
  so they decided `` once we get merged , all our funds will be gone . 
  so let 's spend it . '', 
  expensive vacations for the members , all that stuff . 
  and a swimming hall in their town . 
  but to make sure that schools from the `` new '' town could n't request to use it for swimming lessons , they deliberately built it not up to standard . 
  that kind of dickery really made them quite unpopular . 
  they did n't care , of course - they knew they would n't ever have a majority again . 
  nothing to lose . 
  over here , the government did a pretty good job of destroying most copies . 
  unless you start the topic , people wo n't force it on you . 
  you 'll hear something whenever trump does something particularly ~ ~ dumb ~ ~ noteworthy , and obviously the news will cover anything important , but you 'll be fine if you do n't provoke the topic . 
  it 's ... complicated . 
  for the longest time , the bundesland of bavaria had the rights to print it ( after technically getting it from the american occupation ) . 
  so technically it was n't forbidden by being mein kampf - it was simply forbidden because of copyright , which bavaria enforced to prevent circulation . 
  ever since last year , however , copyright has died , since it 's been 70 years after the death of the author . 
  right now , it 's allowed to print it , * but * beware : it will put you under scrutiny , and any additions to it that imply your agreement with the content can be judged volksverhetzung ( inciting hate against a people ) or circulation of anti-constitutional material . 
  however , commentated , academic versions have always been available and in 2016 a very highly regarded one came out . 
  also of note : this was not rigorously enforced once the `` new age '' began . 
  no-one can prevent a pdf from spreading and the international nature of the internet has made it available to all who want to look . 
  honestly what keeps it from spreading is its incredibly bad quality - it 's just not a well-written book . 
  even neo-nazis get bored by it . 
  you 're mostly spot on . 
  part of the reason for it is because the few `` solutions '' that get proposed are hilariously inept and thus anger the people . 
  part of this is because the parties normally try to add a hook that makes sure whoever they consider are the `` right people '' are encouraged to have kids - that does n't sit very well with a very anti-racist and left-leaning people . 
  so , basically , we 're waiting for a good proposal . 
  why should n't it ? 
  why not have `` regional '' flags when they are requested ? 
  oh , thanks for the info . 
  guess things have changed a bit . 
  governments normally do n't pay you for integration courses . 
  maybe he has valuable skills and a company was ready to shell out for an integration course ? 
  other than that , integration courses definitely exist and in many countries you 'll get one for free if you immigrate , but getting paid for it is a new one to me . 
  `` massachusetts '' is both hard to type and pronounce for me . 
  february is always an obstacle , too , with `` februrary '' , `` febrewry '' and other mispronounciations excaping my tongue . 
  mostly . 
  unless it 's really heavy - hardcore welsh , for example - i can understand it . 
  they obviously sound different , but just like with any other language , the dialects are mutually intelligble for most . 
  wow . 
  i got mentioned by the saltman !, 
  that 's almost a compliment . 
  do tell me how i 'm a `` shitposting troll '' , please . 
  other than disagreeing with you . 
  next time , username ping us properly , do n't talk behind our backs . 
  oh god that was hard to watch . 
  i mean , i get it , these questions in that kind of contest are already problematic , but man . 
   how come there have been an increase over december , or is it just me who thinks it has been an increase ? 
  are some of them maybe actually real questions , asked in all seriousness ? 
  some of them are actual questions , but yes , `` troll '' or uninformed questions from mostly americans have increased . 
  it 's a sign of the times . 
  nothing but strict moderation will help . 
  well , my girlfriend has greek ancestry and is stubbornly saying our first son will be called `` spiridon '' ... 
  i guess it could be worse . 
  oh definitely . 
  i just wanted to point out that there is a reason to have police officers not completely be law-robots . 
  eh , there is a compromise that has to be made . 
  there are two ideals , tugging police in different directions : 1 . 
  police should always stick exactly to the law - afterall , once they don the uniform , they are manifestations of the state 's power , not private citizens . 
  officers are still human beings with ethics they should adhere to - no one wants robots that can not decide what is appropriate from context . 
  going for [ 1 ] means the treatment stays fair ... as long as the law is fair . 
  it produces unthinking , unquestioning agents of the state , * even when the state is wrong * , which considering germany 's history is obviously something we are very aware of . 
  but more importantly , laws * are not meant to be used like that * - using them like that is called a `` white strike '' , because it completely shuts down efficiency . 
  there has to be some `` give '' in the execution of laws , otherwise nothing works . 
  and i say that as the son of a police officer . 
  i know the problems on both sides of this . 
  yeah that 's * really * german . 
  [ wanted adventure ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/wantedadventure/videos ) is a completely innocent , non-offensive look at the cultural differences between america and germany . 
  it 's an american women that came to germany because she found love , and now she makes fluffy , cute videos about things she notices . 
  in the sea of hostility that is the internet , that 's really nice . 
  she actually has a large german viewerbase that uses her videos in reverse - by seeing what she finds weird , we can see what is different in american culture . 
  she 's also good at acknowledging when she was wrong ( frequently correcting things from previous videos ) and manages to stay away from any toxic `` dick comparing '' between countries . 
  truck , apartment , rent the weird thing is , we learn british english in school for some years , but then we switch to american in many schools , leading to this weird mix . 
  for example , while i use mostly american vocabulary , i always add the extra `` u '' in words like `` armour '' and `` colour '' . 
  edit \u00b2 : alright , i do n't get it . 
  why is this comment marked controversial ? 
  the really dumb thing about it is that eating as much meat as we have in the past few decades is entirely unsustainable . 
  back in `` ye olde days '' , eating meat was a sunday-only thing . 
  even here in germany . 
  but tell that to the ultra-conservatives ... 
  okay , this is going to be a bit political .
