  but to answer the question : i view them even worse than before . 
  i 've been called `` anti-american '' more often than i can count , but previously i would often play devil 's advocate or try to show their point of view in discussions . 
  i do n't do that anymore . 
  i ca n't even pretend to endorse or even just understand the decisions the american public makes . 
  i dearly hope for the people of the world that the time of the american empire is coming to a close . 
  edit : aaah , hellow r/shiteuropeanssay !, 
  if you think that 's `` shit '' , boy do you have thin skin . 
  21 points right now , hope you do n't brigade . 
  my friends are marrying right now , and from the planning it looks like their wedding will cost 5000-6000 $ . 
  so there are options in between `` fuckhuge '' and `` register only '' . 
  24 , nope . 
  maybe in more than a few years - i 'm not against it in principle , i just have to be really , really sure about it . 
  two of my friends who are of my age are marrying , though . 
  refugees from actual conflict regions ca n't exactly do much research or language-learning . 
  that 's in the nature of their predicament . 
  they are n't stupid . 
  if you had grown up or lived through that , you also would n't intuitively get such a different system . 
  and again , most of them would n't * want * to approach authorities even if they could , because they fear deportation . 
  yes , that 's not all of them . 
  it may not even be most of them . 
  but with absolutely zero way of verifying , you have to treat everyone like they are . 
  you ca n't deport people on `` suspicions '' . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  refugees arriving from a conflict region have no idea how this works . 
  they also often do n't know if they 're going to get deported if they try to get documents - and they might not even know the language . 
  those documents still ca n't tell you where they 're from : they have nothing to * prove * where they 're from . 
  the document ca n't magically find that out . 
  c. those documents already exist in principle and are in widespread use - but again , those documents basically can only say `` this guy claims to be a refugee '' without any other document to prove where they 're from . 
  okay , how about you stop asking that over and over again . 
  oh wait , look at your username . 
  what a shitpost . 
  i think this just really depends on what you 're looking for . 
  in banks and other `` official '' , well-paying jobs you will find utmost professionalism in hiring ( but not necessarily at the workplace itself ) , while a pizza joint looking for drivers probably wo n't be as reliable and professional . 
  okay , so this is actually an interesting topic that has a pretty big letdown at the end : we ca n't change that . 
  you basically ca n't prove that someone who does n't have documents is from anywhere . 
  you ca n't guess - this is international law , you have to be sure . 
  and people without documents are n't all villains , either : conflict regions and oppressive regimes make it oftentimes impossible for their citizens to have documents . 
  so if someone arrives at your gates without documents ... you ca n't do anything about that . 
  they might have thrown them away , or they might be conflict region refugees . 
  you ca n't prove it , and they ca n't prove it . 
  we ca n't do anything about this : this is how it is , there is not even a theoretical solution . 
  it 's a fact of how nations work , and how presumption of innocence and human rights work . 
  so yeah , `` big problem '' - maybe , depending on your definition . 
  i do n't like to see impossible to change things as problems to overome , and more as obstacles to work around . 
  there is no solution to this ( and there ca n't be , unless we 're talking some hypothetical futures with super-technology or world-governments ) . 
  you need to take a bio 101 course , because you do n't understand evolution . 
  also , come on , citing research on selective breeding with foxes to prove racial differences in humans would n't even get a pass in school . 
  okay , so an immigrant commits a crime here - by * our laws * . 
  we then send him to a country ( * if * we can determine the country of origin , which is a big if ) that does n't have the same laws as us . 
  are they supposed to incarcerate one of their citizens because he broke a law that country does n't adhere to ? 
  of course not . 
  so now you 've taken someone that has broken * your * laws , and you 've just shoved him somewhere else , with zero corrective measure . 
  this is n't helping anyone - not the criminal ( who would have benefited from a proper , re-ingegration-focused prison system ) , not the country of origin ( who now have a citizen that is criminal in some way but ca n't be punished ) , not your country ( you spent tremendous money to deport someone who may just come back without punishing or correcting them ) . 
  it 's a lose-lose-lose . 
  to be fair , anti-natalists are an extremely tiny minority . 
  in terms of last names there definitely are the `` generic related to an old trade '' - names , schmidt ( smith ) and m\u00fcller ( miller ) come to mind . 
  i 'll treat your question seriously . 
  hereditary : i do n't think there are any crown-loyal people in all of germany left aside from , like , five nutters in a basement somewhere . 
  technocracy : in a country with this many people skeptical of any sort of technology , not very likely . 
  especially since `` technocracy '' is sort of a vague , catch-all term . 
  religious rule : nope . 
  the country is n't exactly atheist , but organized religion has been losing ground for a long time now . 
  fun fact : our entire country has a running gag going where people act as if the city of [ bielefeld does n't exist and is actually made up by a conspiracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bielefeld_conspiracy ) . 
  not everyone will know it , but i guarantee , whever in german you go , you will find at least some people in any group that make a joke about it . 
  of course there 's tensions - it 's the two biggest superpowers in the world , and they have a lot of animosity left from the cold war . 
  add to that that having a political `` enemy '' you can rile your people up against , and you 've got the tensions they have right now . 
  there wo n't be conflict , though . 
  they 're stilling fighting a bit in the shadows , sure , and both will continue to try to undermine the other , but outright conflict is unlikely . 
  there 's little reason for it , especially from putin 's side . 
  i would n't call myself a federalist , but i do n't think federalists have any intention on integrating russia . 
  i also do n't think anyone in the eu wants them to hold eu membership . 
  one of the prime reasons for the eu , both pragmatically and ideologically , is that european nations do not hold enough power in the world to really make a superpower by themselves , so we have to band together , otherwise the us , russia and china will trample over us politically . 
  taking russia into the eu does n't have any place in that , aside from as a really weird thought experiment . 
  russia is n't much of an enemy , either . 
  do n't get me wrong , that 's not to mean i approve - but putin 's russia has clear agendas , clear goals , and none of those involve antagonizing the eu all that much . 
  he never said they were the same thing , he literally put an `` or '' in between . 
  the rest is justified . 
  in my childhood ? 
  that 's my political position right now !, 
  okay , jokes aside : i am left of center and have been called `` anti-american '' more often than i can count . 
  my early political views , during my teenage years , were actually a confused mess and sort of more right-wing in some ways , but much more anti-american than i am now . 
  and on the topic of anti-american , chomsky had a nice segment on that ( btw . 
  if anyone knows which lecture this was from , send me a link , i have lost it and would like to watch it again ) . 
  on the one hand , the afd will take this as a sign that their particular brand of idiocy may be on the rise . 
  on the other hand , maybe this and the brexit debacle will provide a nice example and a way to re-focus and realize the consequences . 
  the more trump fucks up until that election , the clearer people may become . 
  who exactly is giving up ? 
  there are countless measures for improvement , and room for it , too . 
  what does n't help is someone just closing their eyes when it comes to facts . 
  if you have any sort of criticism besides `` i guess we should deport more people , i do n't care how '' i 'm willing to listen . 
  also , to be very clear : it is * extremely rude * and dishonest to significantly edit your comment after someone has already replied to it . 
  so let me address the points you added :  weird how everyone shits on the usa for this but have no problem with wanting to deport the migrants in europe . 
  i am also against deportation of migrants in europe , and frankly i think you 're building a strawman . 
   ome of the mexican and el salvadorean migrants into the u.s. make their way up to canada ; some of which are part of very violent drug gangs like ms-13 that cause issues here but all of a sudden we are the bad guys if we want to deport them . 
  yes , there are violent gangs . 
  and it 's right to lock them up . 
  and it 's even right to deport them if they are illegal immigrants . 
  this has literally nothing to do with your call for mass-deportation , because these people * are already getting locked up/deported when they are caught * . 
  edit : here , this is how you edit things in and make it clear . 
  okay , here we have the exact problem .
