deutsches welle polen . 
  `` wait , you have electricity in germany ? '', 
  oh what fun american students can be . 
  huh , i would not have expected estonians to be a notable group in turkey , either . 
  is there a story behind that ? 
  probably sushi , although pizza is a close second . 
  if it was n't so expensive , i could eat that six out of seven days in a week . 
  yeah holy shit , every time my girlfriend is supposed to get something the guy literally gives it to a neighbour every time even when she is home because he does n't want to walk up the damn stairs . 
  oh god , i do n't have the patience to explain why horseshoe theory is idiotic bullshit . 
  read a damn book and ask yourself why * zero * academics regard it as valid . 
  or fucking think about how little sense it makes and how much it oversimplifies political orientation . 
  the entire idea that there 's only left and right is ridiculous , malformed and idiotic . 
  personally , i know very little of denmark . 
  maybe you are right and neo-nazi organizations have stopped being a problem there . 
  the thing is , that 's not true for the rest of europe , especially not for germany . 
  neo-nazi groups are still around and gaining support . 
  the older ones often hide behind being something else ( biker clubs , especially ) , but with the new surge of far-right popularity latley very blatant groups have sprung up everywhere . 
  and as i said , germany right now has a straight up `` black people are awful '' party that has gained enough popularity to be an actual threat . 
  house parties yes , but not the massive `` the host does n't know half of the people '' parties with someone getting a keg . 
  house parties are generally somewhat more private affairs . 
  just in case you are n't joking : antifa is a loose organisation of anti-fascists , generally left to far-left , that want to disrupt fascist 's opportunities to recruit and organise . 
  basically , wherever neo-nazis show up , they show up to oppose them . 
  they 're a controversial topic because they believe that force is sometimes necessary against fascism . 
  also , some of their members are shameless vandals . 
  they are n't well known in the uk since they never really got off the ground - which has some interesting historical reasons , mostly having to do with fascists never quite forming the same way as on the continent , meaning antifa was n't quite as necessary . 
  they 've come into the spotlight lately for various reasons , one of them being that the us media is kinda focusing on them a bit more right now and they played a key role in the hamburg riots recently . 
  i would love to hear that definition then . 
  is it from the same lexicon that says fire is the same as water ? 
  you ... you mailed `` antifa '' ? 
  like , the organization ? 
  i mean , what you got back sums up their views pretty handily , but still , antifa is n't centrally organized , that 's kinda the point . 
  did you write your local chapter , or just some random facebook group ? 
  not attacking you , just seriously curious . 
  you think it is n't ? 
  far right parties have sprung up everywhere ( or never left in some cases ) and fascist rallies and attacks have increased again . 
  hell , in germany we literally have a neo-nazi party surge in popularity . 
  worse still , it never really went away - a lot of old conservative parties still have `` wings '' of very authoritarian old-schoolers in them that approve of this kind of thing . 
  yes , saying `` i want to kill all jews '' thankfully is n't within the overton window right now , but that 's not exactly something to rest on . 
  there is anti-fascist work to be doen , and willfully closing our eyes before it gives the fascist an advantage . 
  you got some quotes for that ? 
  i 'd hate to res tag someone wrongly . 
  you probably met way more socialists than communists . 
  b. antifa demographics are * really * dependent on the country . 
  in spain , for example , it 's far more anarchists . 
  c. most modern socialists condemn stalin . 
  absolutely . 
  i do n't think any country on earth has gotten rid of that yet , unfortunately . 
  especially among the lower classes , prejudice is common and pretty obviously borne from not understanding . 
  there really needs to be more focus on that kind of stuff in school . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm open to alternatives , but they have to happen naturally . 
  and both me and my girlfriend already pretty rarely fall in love - the chances of both of us falling in love with the same third person who * also * falls in love * with both of us * is pretty slim . 
   i have no problem with others indulging themselves though . 
  well then maybe tone down stuff like `` relationshit '' and `` cock carousel '' . 
  it 's like one of those r/childfree people that swear up and down they do n't hate children but then call them crotchfruit , you know ? 
  now , i would n't bet money on this , but i think she 'll stay either until the vital part of brexit has been negotiated and really hits the media hard , or maybe even until brexit is fully done . 
  who do i think will replace her ? 
  no idea , although i 'm hoping for corbyn , which seems possible right now . 
  do n't call him a troll , some people just are that way . 
  i do n't doubt that his `` opinion '' is honest . 
  that does n't make it any better , though . 
  never seen a beer vending machine , but cigarette vending machines often had some way to require a passport check - although those are all so old that i have n't seen a functioning one in a long while . 
  while cigarettes are handled fairly seriously - a kiosk owner caught selling to underage customers can very quickly lose his shop - , alcohol is handled much more openly . 
  in germany , you can drink `` light '' beverages ( beer , mostly ) once you are 16 and everything else once you are 18 . 
  but even before that , bars do n't get controlled very often and the stereotypical movie `` house party gets busted by the police '' scene basically never happens , because house parties are n't a thing in the same way here . 
  as a very short explanation , it 's a european student exchange that is supposed to make it possible for almost anyone that wants it ( and can afford the reasonable , but not insignificant fees ) . 
  erasmus students can go to many countries and often have a range of options how they want to live during that time - dorms with other erasmus students are the most common . 
  it 's a good way to spend a semester , especially if you study something that has to do with the country you 're going to - but even if not , it can be enlightening . 
  and by that , i mean you 'll get drunk with the other erasmus students a lot . 
  what a non-sequitur - we were talking in which way antifa is communist or anarchist , to which i said that while individual members are , they do n't try to establish anarchism or communism . 
  what you are suddenly talking about does n't have anything to do with any of that , but just for the record : we may disagree with the methods , but that still does n't make them try to establish anarchism or communism : it 's anti-fascism , wether agree with the methods or not . 
  not to mention , you know , it 's a bit dishonest to take a diverse group with no central organization or official membership and reducing it down to a few select incidents is n't particularly honest . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  because a. 
  the afd is an example , but they are far from the only ones . 
  the npd is still there , and local neo-nazi parties constantly pop up . 
  also , most of them are n't political parties , but inofficial groups ( or hiding behind being biker clubs etc. ), 
  that try to build up . 
  in anti-fascist thought , fascists are dangerous even when they are n't the majority , because they try to subvert and damage the system . 
  that 's a very short summary , but basically a lot of it is based on the idea of the paradoxon of tolerance : if you are entirely tolerant of the intolerant , they have an opening to destroy tolerance . 
  edit : also , a lot of parties are n't anti-fascist - just not openly pro-fascist . 
  the cdu has long entertained some pretty politically brown people , for example . 
  ... yes , they do n't have a unified vision of what to replace capitalism with . 
  that 's why it is n't a revolutionary group of likeminded people , it 's an alliance of various different ideologies against a common enemy . 
  they are n't trying to make communism or socialism or anarchism happen , they 're people * from * those ideologies that agree that fascism needs to be fought . 
  i do n't really get your question . 
  can you rephrase it ? 
  i think their people really need to learn not to constantly make things about themselves . 
  90 % of questions from americans here are `` what do people think of the us '' in variations and `` give me travel advice '' . 
  jesus , what a strawman . 
  aaand a trumplett . 
  i was worried for a second someone here might be dumb enough to say something like that , but no , just a dumbass from outside . 
  being against fascism is unfortunately * not * the norm . 
  sure , full on `` let 's have a dictator '' is outside the overton window , but when we have a party this close to neo-nazi thought , maybe we should n't rest on how anti-fascist we pretend to be . 
  those are two seperate things , though . 
  antifa is purely anti-fascist in its activities , similar to how an anti-nuclear group may be made up mostly of greens . 
  personally , i 'm a democratic socialist , so out of the realistic options , he 's the only one that at least vaguely goes in my direction . 
  not happy with it and not keen on his campaign , but better than nothing . 
  ... antifa has been around a long damn time . 
  adding to that , castor transports generally gather pretty militant protests .
