  the semesterbeitrag is very reasonable , but it 's still there . 
  that sounds like a great system , i like how flexible it is . 
  i think yes , although some of them i 've only driven through , which probably should n't count . 
  adding to this : contemporary poetry is flourishing in germany . 
  poetry slams are especially liked in university culture here . 
  [ willy brandt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/willy_brandt ) ( the german wikipedia page is even better ) . 
  he is one of the few bundeskanzler that pretty much anyone that is old enough to remember him adores . 
  he did many great things , and his policies are directly responsible for germany 's relation to eastern europe and the us . 
  that is not to say that he was n't controversial : he very much was at the time . 
  and even nowerdays , some of his actions have very much fallen out of favour with germans ( his approval of the vietnam war comes to mind ) . 
  probably not all that good . 
  we have relatively strict laws on guns ( although hunters and sport shooters obviously have access to them ) , some of the most densely populated regions in europe and our city-design , contrary to america , is unintuitive for anyone not living in that city , making navigation tricky for survivors on the move . 
  that really depends on what we 're talking about . 
  * in general * , when it comes to politics , yes . 
  oh jeez i did n't even know that . 
  vormund deutschland sounds like a parody character . 
  insulting ? 
  i said some nazis and neo-nazis moved there . 
  that is a fact and in no way insulting . 
  i did n't say those countries welcomed them or like them , i said they moved there . 
  if you 're insulted by that basic fact , that probably says more about * your * nationality-based problems than about mine . 
  how would that soothe this hypothetical guilt ? 
  it 's nice to know that it does n't really matter what i say , * some * random guy will come out and accuse me of feeling guilty . 
  it 's not binary , some people are racist but not nazi-level racist . 
  not only that , but plenty of european nazis and neo-nazis migrated to asia and south america . 
  b. i hope you 're joking about being so racist to barely tolerate people that basically look like you . 
  i mean , calling him hauptmann deutschland and putting him in that costume was dumb enough . 
  it 's like they did zero market research . 
  why am i not at all surprised this armchair-psychologist rant about how you know what everyone in the western world * really * thinks better than they themselves is coming from you ? 
  where exactly does this dull , edgy hatred come from with you ? 
  the only thing you do whenever it 's about anything even slightly political is try and shit on western europe in the most generalized , populist way possible , hunting that sjw boogeyman . 
  a classic , nation-wide running gag : the city bielefeld does n't exist and it 's existence is a massive illusion , normally the work of a generic conspiracy . 
  then there is an [ infamous porn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmzx5atwgzy ) ( sfw ) , which i think has featured in some askreddit threads by now - it has a scence with dialogue so random , it became a huge joke : `` why is there hay in this room ? '', 
  `` and why do you have a mask on ? '', 
  `` uh , hm . 
  well then give me a blowjob . '', 
  if you see hay anywhere unusual and mention it , you will probably end up hearing this quoted . 
  that 's ... a new development , i think . 
  well bavaria is n't really germany !, 
  / s yeah , bavaria is the only place in germany where some people do it , except maybe a few old folks in baden-w\u00fcrtemberg . 
  jesus , could you * not * constantly write like a 4chan kid ? 
  it 's really not helping the strawmen you are building here . 
  actually in this case turkish , although i am sure enough roma kids do it . 
  you can keep your oversimplified villification , though . 
  pyramid schemes are unfortunately still popular . 
  supposed refugee children at train stations that want to `` exchange '' money but end up running off or trying to trick you into getting less money back - in actually most of them seem to speak german perfectly well once out of sight of their scam-zone . 
  while drinking is still glorified ( and to some degree enshrined in our culture ) , drunk driving is less common , since people generally drink earlier and drive later than in america : 16 for beer and other low-alcohol beverages , 18 for anything harder . 
  that means most kids try their hand with beer at 14-15 . 
  did i miss the news ? 
  this is the second question in a short while regarding this , did the eu unveil some intentions recently ? 
  i 'm against doing it in five ( or ten , or fifteen ) years , but i guess if in this scenario it 's five years , i 'd go along with it . 
  not happy , but hopeful . 
  especially since it 's unlikely to ever be attempted again if it goes wrong once . 
  they joined the eu while part of the uk , that 's what i meant . 
  they are n't being forced and it 's not undemocratic . 
  they are part of the uk and joined that way - if they want to remain , they have to take it up with them to seperate . 
  i 'm okay with the idea of a federal europe ... faaaaar in the future , and only if the absolute majority of citizens feel the same way . 
  oh , so he * already * did that . 
  german here : we get that in school , too . 
  it 's simply something everyone believes because it sounds right . 
  trump , obviously . 
  sure , clinton is dishonest and slimy , and she will do at least some damage that eventually needs to be fixed ... but at least she is competent enough to keep up both foreign and domestic policy . 
  she is a politician . 
  with trump , we either have a gigantic troll that is fooling his entire voting base in which case he is the biggest liar since nixon , or * an actual idiot * . 
  that man may very well do lasting , irreparable damage , * especially * in international diplomacy . 
  can you see this man interacting with israel 's prime minister ? 
  he is going to say some dumb shit like `` the jews love me '' . 
  and since he flip-flops on many issues , we do n't even know what direction he wants to to in , not to mention that he is seemingly incapable of actually proposing anything more concrete than `` this good thing ? 
  i 'll do that '' . 
  sure , clinton may be scummy , but she is definitely the lesser evil . 
  how can the system be fixed ? 
  i may be a radical , but i really believe that at this point , that is impossible to achieve from inside . 
  it is built fundamentally wonky , and even a good president is not going to be able to change that . 
  the way votes are counted , the electoral college , gerrymandering , the extreme hurdles for other parties and so on and so forth - all of these things are so deeply part of the system that they ca n't be changed , because they would need a. more political capital than exists b. 
  someone in power that actually wants to change it and the people who got into power * because of this system * have zero incentive to change it . 
  not really . 
  we have some guys in bavaria acting like they want to secede , but they are little more than a joke - bavaria is our texas afterall , so there have to be some `` we could totally be our own nation '' guys . 
  other than that , i do n't think anyone really wants to secede - german unity has been around as an idea for a while now , and it 's not leaving . 
  i 'm sorry , but you are uncomfortably defensive about this . 
  do we really need to point out every instance in which private companies were given too much power and abused it ? 
  and it 's really dishonest to say `` name an example '' and then go `` oh well name an example that is n't quite so bad , also , examples are n't enough , write an essay '' . 
  yes , the east india company is basically corporation-hitler , but that only makes the point stronger . 
  it 's like asking `` when has racism ever hurt anyone ? '', 
  and then going `` oh well of couse do n't mention hitler , that 's not fair '' . 
  same thing . 
  annoying as hell - it 's treating an ethnicity or nationality as a fashion accessoire . 
  it 's okay to know where your family comes from . 
  it 's not okay , in europeans eyes , to claim you somehow * are * that nationality . 
  it implies that you somehow have it by blood . 
  also , the abundance of americans that claim they are 1/17 german is annoying : you 're not german . 
  you are an american with german ancestors . 
  which is why , you know , i then explained stuff . 
  recently ? 
  letting the afd get as far as they 've come . 
  which is the fault of everyone : the media for making a 180 so fast it gave me whiplash , politics for not providing good enough alternatives and the populace for voting for a party with only the thinnest of pretenses for their hate . 
  r/badhistory would disagree . 
  in general , it 's accepted perspective that obviously everyone was gearing up for war , but germany basically manufactured their reason for declaring war - they made a demand they knew was impossible to fill . 
  edit : although i should note that this is still a crass oversimplification . 
  i 'm not saying that the question itself is invalid , i 'm saying it is useless to constantly ask the same question . 
  answers are n't going to change that quickly .
