  but let 's be honest , unfortunately quite a lot of questions from americans have been `` give me travel advice that i could have googled '' , `` do europeans really suck haha '' or `` well we have this thing in america called electricity , ever heard of it ? '', 
  enough so that most cities have at least one indian restaurant , but unfortuntately not enough to ensure quality and authenticity in britain . 
  i still long for the good indian food i had in manchester ... 
  literally the only time when it happens it is because someone over 30 is complaining about `` how everything has gotten expensive '' , and they 'll always use the `` 2 for 1 '' ratio from back when the euro came , seemingly completely oblivious to changing exchange rates and stuff like inflation and always blaming * the euro itself * for making things expensive . 
  a few friends of mine watch it and have great fun with the superbowl . 
  they do n't really know the teams , they just pick one for that match to cheer for . 
  personally , i never had much fun with it , but that 's probably because watching sports is generally not something i enjoy . 
  mainstream comedians here are pretty bad in my view - i 'd certainly love it if it was a bit more like the british scene . 
  i may sound pretentious , but german mainstream comedians are super low-brow and watered down . 
  but we do have the old tradition of kabarett , which is a bit different from cabaret . 
  it 's very cynical , so it 's not exactly cheering you up through comedy , but i like that it recognizes comedy and art as inherently political and as a tool to deal with politics . 
  `` die heute show '' ( the today show ) is sort of our version of last week tonight and despite having some weak episodes is generally pretty good and `` die anstalt '' regularly manages to surprise me . 
  the scene i really love is poetry slam . 
  no matter which city i go to , if there 's a university ( and normally even when there is n't ) , there 's a good poetry slam scene . 
  it 's designed to feel homegrown at almost all levels and that really shows . 
  of course , it 's not meant as a pure comedy scene , but the best texts often are very funny . 
  not surprised , but still disappointed . 
  but it may very well help labour in the long run if the tories really screw this up . 
  oh great , that one bavarian seperatist we have here is going to have a field day when anyone suggests it 's not something most bavarians agree with ... 
  as the other german said : goethe , and most of the time it 's faust . 
  i did n't have it in school , which is a shame because i love it . 
  schiller is always on the list as well , especially don karlos . 
  oh i am an idiot , i somehow read that as deep-freeze or something . 
  basterds really grew on me . 
  at first i disliked that it really felt like it was meant to be a series and not a movie ( which it turns out is exactly what it was meant to be ) . 
  but it has those scenes that just stick around . 
  probably one of waltz ' best roles , and that really says something , and he steals any scene he is in . 
  the bar scene is also absolutely great . 
  in the end , any movie that kills hitler has to get a few extra points . 
  band of brothers was well shot , well produced and mostly well written . 
  it had some annoyingly blatant `` emotional '' moments that were just too on the nose for me , but overall i liked it despite some of its very ... american cinematography . 
  wait , you mean the ones you just put in the oven for 10min ? 
  we have those . 
  hell , i ate one yesterday . 
  germany used to be very enamoured with america after reunification . 
  nowerdays , though , no politician would endorse the american way of doing politics ( even when it does fit their style ) . 
  the country , as a nation ? 
  it 's people , particularly the oppressed and exploited ? 
  yes . 
  it 's a bad joke . 
  to call someone `` link '' means to call them duplicitous and not trustworthy , and it 's normally done by calling them a `` linke ratte '' ( rat ) or `` linker hund '' ( dog ) . 
  however , `` linke '' and `` linker '' can also mean `` left '' . 
  so basically a bad translation joke . 
  i generally like dogs more than rats , but `` leftdog '' was already taken . 
  german as my mother tongue , english fluently . 
  i can read basic french . 
  that 's it , pretty much . 
  personhood is not citizenship . 
  not to mention , taxes and mandatory school attendance and stuff like that is supposed to only be binding when it makes sense , they are n't one-size-fits-all . 
  to all according to their needs , but from all according to their ability , and an ape does not have the ability to pay taxes and neither need nor ability to attend human school . 
  yes , in germany it is often a `` core subject '' in most schools . 
  many also offer `` bilingual classes '' that are more intensive . 
  well , there 's more than just conservative and liberal . 
  but mostly , it 's liberal and left . 
  basically any university here falls on that side of the spectrum , although it depends on your major - some majors are notorious for more conservative thought . 
  as an example , my university has an actual office for the antifa . 
  i 'm loving it . 
  it shows there is a very obvious interest in actually left , sociali/ist policies , so maybe labour and their equivalents in other nations finally grow a spine and realize they do n't have to be desperate centrists to have a chance . 
  i 'd doubt it . 
  there are so many reasons , i do n't know where to begin . 
  the fear that russia would then dominate the eu since they have a large population and economy . 
  the fact that it would mean integrating * a superpower * that has entirely different and often contradictory priorities and needs . 
  the fact that it would burden the eu with all the historical problems and rivalries of russia , which are complex and many . 
  hell , the fact that a lot of those historical rivalries are * with other eu members * . 
  we do n't even took turkey in for much less . 
  russia joining the eu does n't work even in some fantasy alternate history . 
  * one * veto is enough to keep them out , but believe me , they could make that hurdle much lower and russia could still not jump it . 
  also , despite the recent rift , the eu is still very much on america 's side in the whole us-russia-china graph . 
  some of the most important eu members are nato members , which is basically the `` keep an eye on russia '' - club . 
  at my mcd , there basically are n't any lines to order , just to receive your food , so it does n't really matter which way you order . 
  whenever you 're about to fall for that hysteria , think for a second : what is more likely , to die in an attack or die in traffic while crossing the street ? 
  hint : it 's always the latter one . 
  do you still cross streets ? 
  yeah , actually , i agree on the ending with you . 
  that might have been more impactful . 
  on the one hand , that stuff was cut , on the other the ending was dramatized to be more extreme . 
  comes out alright . 
  jeez , why would they show it that often ? 
  yes , i watched it . 
  i like j\u00fcrgen vogel in general and in this especially , and he has some great moments . 
  overall , a good movie . 
  a bit too far from the book in my taste , loses a bit of punch that way . 
  seems to break on mobile for me , the question box never loads in . 
  funnily enough , before we became known as the efficient depressives , we were antropomorphised ( is that how you spell it in english ? ), 
  as a sleepy dude in a night gown : because we were still split into many , many little countries and we did n't look like we cared , so the idea that we are too lazy ( `` gem\u00fctlich '' ) to unify took hold . 
  hell , i do n't know of any language having an equivalent for `` satt '' , not hungry , either . 
  other than stuff like `` i 'm full '' , i guess . 
  you see , `` satt '' means not being hungry anymore because you habe eaten . 
  `` sitt '' was supposed to be the artificial analouge for thirsty , but it never caught on . 
  democracy . 
  as a hardcore socialist , this is basically already my lot anyway . 
  smart phones always suffer from this . 
  just look at how many people are complaining about poor students having phones - they simply do n't realize that it 's not a display of wealth , but a necessary and cheap tool in the modern world . 
  a car , now that 's way more expensive - but somehow , that 's considered normal even for the poor . 
   well as soon as they leave , they are leaving for their own , exclusive , benefit , meaning that they become migrants . 
  fleeing from abject poverty in inhumane camps is for their benefit , yes . 
  every refugee is seeking `` benefit '' - the benefit of not dying , of not being persecuted , of not having to live in a war-torn region , of not being treated like sub-humans in camps . 
  if that somehow makes them `` migrants '' instead of refugees , then by your definition , there are no refugees . 
  honestly , with the contempt dripping from your comments , you do n't want to understand . 
  you did n't ask to know , you asked so you could rant a bit .
