  the british call it `` allotments '' , i think . 
  basically , people own gardens away from home , since their apartments and houses often do n't have the space for a garden of theri own . 
  these gardens often have a little hut , so you can stay a while there if you 're on holiday . 
  the gardens are normally arranged in small communities , often with strict rules , administered by an association of the owners . 
  thanks . 
  this is the kind of mod this sub needs : no room for racists and nationalists . 
  there are n't many ways to increase birthrates in western countries without straight up handing out money for giving birth , which has uncomfortable implications and in some countries ( like germany ) it ties into the fact that previous regimes in darker times had similar policies . 
  the `` distaste for immigration '' is by no means a majority opinion . 
  in most european nations , the new-right that has `` risen up '' is still stuck with low percentages . 
  c. think about the bigger picture . 
  is a birth-rate-arms-race really a good thing , overall ? 
  so instead , let 's work on bettering the world , making it more equal , and lower birthrates will follow everywhere . 
  d . the population growth in a lot of places outside the western world is not due to `` rising '' or high birthrates , but due to better medical care showing up , making lives longer . 
  you * can * , however , request to be moved to a state-run building in which you will live almost entirely on your own , with only a state-guardian coming around every once in a while to make sure you 're ok . 
  yeah , i can see it . 
  put on a pope-hat and you 're basically there already . 
  they 're mostly country-specific , but often tolerate posts and comments in english . 
  so go look and join one !, 
  in principle i am in favour - it 's part of the state sponsoring the arts , and was fundamentally set up to prevent fascism and gleichschaltung ( although how effective these features are nowerdays is debatable ) . 
  i personally do n't have a tv connection because i never watch , anyway , but in principle i am all for it . 
  ** however ** , what i consider really shitty is that they double dip : you pay a general fee ( nowerdays every household with small exceptions pays , because it 's assumed that every household has access , which is pretty reasonable and cost-saving ) . 
  * but then they still run ads * !, 
  a state sponsored channel financed by taxes should * not * run ads , it sets capitalistic incentives for a channel fundamentally made to not have them . 
  adding to that is that the `` council of elders '' that decides what to run is painfully out of touch with the youth . 
  nothing would happen . 
  i mean , i 'm all for the abolishment of even the symbolic monarchs , but the eu federalizing would n't do that on its own : the institutions and government of the federalized countries stays intact . 
  we already have american restaurants . 
  some style themselves as 60s diners , some like rustic log-cabins , some go for the southern barbecue stuff . 
  that kind of thing . 
  every bundesland probably has at least a few populists claiming they could totally be independent , but the only one that anyone really knows is the bavarian one . 
  they 're still basically a joke , although i 'm sure this comment will draw the ire of that one guy in this sub who totally thinks it 's a legitimate movement with `` thousands of members '' . 
  bavaria is our texas . 
  but more to the point : other than some old nazis , nobody really argues for different borders . 
  germany is , i suppose , pretty happy with how it is right now . 
  i use `` we '' only to refer to `` us , humanity '' , generally . 
  oh look , i pissed of one of the five bavaria secessionists !, 
  so tell me , where did i lie ? 
  your movement * is * a joke , and you 're the punchline . 
  i am fundamentally opposed to their existence . 
  sure , they are low on the list of priorities and they actually make more money than the state is forced to spend on them , but they should not be recognised . 
  that said , the queen is a fascinating person and one i mostly approve of . 
  on a personal level , i have nothing against her . 
  unless i 'm eating fastfood , in which case i go for fritz lemon limo . 
  bear if i 'm at my parent 's place . 
  immigration , of course . 
  probably wo n't be done for a long while , what with an entire nationalist party making it their central issue for everything . 
  while i understand that you may not want to give out information about the nature of your problem , i feel it might be helpful to know if treatment would be a one-time solution ( surgery for example ) or a long-term treatment ( and how long aproximately ) , since the advice would differ greatly . 
  other than that , i hope your media picks up your case - it is heinous that you may have to live without necessary treatment and that you were treated so badly by social workers . 
  in germany , i 'd say berlin and cologne . 
  berlin - especially if you 're looking for art and culture cologne - if you want really `` liberal '', 
  honestly , i am a bit irritated that you are getting points for this , as it is pretty ignorant of how depression works . 
  people do n't magically get the will to fight and live in worse conditions - they just * die * , and since those circumstances make counting them impossible , of course you wo n't find many people diagnosed with depression while a war is going on or while famine is ravaging the country . 
  that does n't have anything to do with it being a `` first world disease '' , that has something to do with * diagnosing mental illness * being very hard in non-first-world-circumstances . 
  and even * if * it was correct that depression only occurs during peaceful times - i guarantee you that if the war starts today , tomorrow wo n't suddenly find depressed people filled with the will to live , cured of their depression . 
  i 'd probably try to stay in my job . 
  if you start enlisting teachers , you wo n't have an educated youth , wether you win or lose . 
  not to mention , i 'm completely useless in combat , they did n't draft me when i was younger , not even for the social draft - the most i can do is write pamphlets , i guess . 
  i 'd definitely stay in the country , though , unless my girlfriend convinces me to go . 
  i do n't see a reason to . 
  sure , i 'm a proponent of the government building up networks , but considering smartphone networks and the devices themselves work reasonably fine and are reigned in from predatory practices through eu law , i do n't get what government-championed smartphones would do differently or better . 
  eh , personally i think the sub would straight up die then - english is the language most people share here . 
  sure , some poles know spanish and some italians know danish , but most of us all know english . 
  it 's simply the easiest lingua franca here . 
  the only instance i can see where it would be useful to some degree is if the question is something like `` deutsche , was haltet ihr von [ x ] '' , because the question already narrows it to people who speak german . 
  but then you still limit all those who would like to read but not answer . 
  irritated is the right word . 
  it 's not awful or anything , but we see it as a little insulting ( but really just a little ) , since we see culture and citizenship to be the meaning of `` nationality '' . 
  the whole `` i 'm [ x ] because my distant relative was born there '' smells a bit like you 're saying `` it 's because of my blood/who i was born to '' , which is frowned upon here . 
  that 's called society . 
  by your standard , free speech does not exist and can not exist under any circumstances . 
  that 's not a useful term then . 
  there are different concepts of free speech . 
  do n't act like yours is the only one . 
  sci-fi : judge dredd and wh40k . 
  of course i also love the classics , asimov , heinlein all of that . 
  i love cyberpunk : shadowrun has a great universe , and i still love gibson 's neuromancer era . 
  fantasy : i 'm kinda burned out on it . 
  have n't read a fantasy book in years , there 's unfortunately way too much trash and i have a hard time finding gems . 
  hennen 's elfen stuff was pretty good at first , but i think the old dwarves elves wizards style western fantasy just is n't doing it for me right now . 
  can someone explain ? 
  since i do n't browse r/europe . 
  japan has a very different culture . 
  especially in their feeling for history and their connection to it . 
  then there 's the culturla differences , some borne from past isolation . 
  of course there 's probably a culture more alien - but this is a pretty complex one that would probably give me a big culture shock if i moved there . 
  considering all the talk about christliche werte and the incredible popularity of the csu , i 'd say the older generation certainly does . 
  i do n't think i have enough knowledge of it to correctly identify individual parts of it . 
  why do you ask , do you seriously doubt that there is something most spanish subcultures have in common ? 
  sure , there are regional variants , just like in any country . 
  there is definitely an overarching , spanish culture , though , just how there is a german culture . 
  bavaria , pretty much . 
  they 're our texas : fiercly religious ( or pretend to be ) , delusions of grandeur concerning their importance ( we even have the same kind of `` bavaria totally could be its own country '' crowd ) , unique political climate . 
  they have their own party that is responsible for them , which * always * gets all their votes no questions asked . 
  hell , they have crosses in schools . 
  that 's directly against the separation of church and state , but they do n't care . 
  while i 'd agree that many of our cities do n't have much in the way of tourist attractions , berlin really sticks out . 
  it has a huge art community , great museums ( on non-wwii related topics , too ) and an incredible amount of weird stuff to find . 
  spain and italy . 
  like , sure , i get it , but i hate warm weather and the culture mostly does n't appeal to me , i do n't care about beaches either . 
  i 'm a boring dude that loves cold weather , i do n't belong there .
