  too bad that erdogan banned the austrian archeological mission to ephesos , who had been there for 120 years . 
  apparently obedience to the sultan is more important than a century old partnership . 
  very low energy . 
  sad . 
  especially since the austrians who have been there only spoke positively about the regional hospitality . 
  onwards to enlightenment !, 
  bratislava is a wonderfull city with a romantic danube flair . 
  yeah thats because russia just annexed a huge junk of territory from a sovereign fucking country . 
  everybody knows that ukraine is not trustworthy . 
  so it is up to russia to behave like an adult and push for a diplomatic solution to get over the sanctions . 
  no brakes !, 
  well , europe has a more pragmatic approach to this . 
  just abide to the minsk agreements and the sanctions will be lifted at some point . 
  for years now the european parliament has been the only sane voice in the eu . 
  time for the comission to finally listen . 
  joy , you beautifull god-spark , daugther from elysium . 
  onwards brothers , cheers !, 
  whatever the fuck that is , it 's not the original lyrics ~ ~ freiheit ~ ~ [ freude ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gverbprcqke ) sch\u00f6ner g\u00f6tterunken !, 
  well , he 's gaining from every single party in germany . 
  he may not have absolute mehrheit , but absolute momentum nonetheless . 
  the schulztrain has just started . 
  we 've got orders from the gottkanzler to keep accelerating . 
  give it a few weeks and schulz gets the absolute with high energy . 
  very low energy comment . 
  the migrant question will not be decided in germany , but at the european borders . 
  if other countries shut them down , germany can sleep well thinking they are the good guys . 
  r/the _ schulz is leaking into germany !, 
  :o where the fuck are the brakes on this thing ? 
  please stop spreading verbal aids . 
  i would n't interpret too much into this . 
  immigration from eu neighbours is n't a big issue in austria , since these are people who integrate fairly quickly and peacefully , contrary to immigrants from middle east . 
  this gives our country also an edge for business investments in eastern europe , because many austrian citizens speak the language of countries our companies want to invest in , and vice versa . 
  and do n't forget that many central/eastern eu countries share the same history . 
  most of these regions have been part of the dual-monarchy , so they are quasi austrians anyways . 
  all right , we shall arange royal marriage procedures immediately . 
  defeating the ottoman empire was clearly the greatest military victory in austrian history . 
  vienna defended it 's gates 2 times against turkish assault . 
  and both times we managed to deal a critical strike against their main army . 
  it needed the combined diplomatic network auf the habsburgs to amass armies and navies that could crush a worthy ottoman opponent . 
  austrians got important assistance from the hre in the first siege and from the poles in the second , while venetians put on pressure during our conquest of hungary . 
  but poles claiming their hussars did this single handedly is just silly and more of a nationalistic glorification . 
  none the less , we did it . 
  thanks to austrians , hre members , poland and venice . 
  that fountain looks like it 's a dude with a moustache . . : i, 
  thought it meant kurva river at first sight . . but a cute town anyways . 
  sorry bro 's , nothing personal . 
  it 's not because of you guys . 
  subsaharan africa is finally getting out of it 's misery . 
  just look at ethiopia , congo , cote'ivoire and mozambique . 
  nice to see that . 
  come on hungary , are you even trying anymore ? 
  i know many of them are just genuinly nice and normal people . 
  but we ca n't build our society around letting in an endless stream of uneducated strangers . 
  those romanians seem to be pulling their weight . 
  i 'm glad you guys joined the eu recently . 
  from an everyday-joe mittelm\u00e4chte perspective , the canadians and australians where seen as tough sons of bitches who punched well above their weight . 
  when we think about britain usually what comes to mind is catastrophic generals in ww1 and sitting it out in ww2 . . 
  but their intelligence network was on point , and their navy was strong throughout the war , no matter how many ships ` our ' side sank . . 
  but on the battlefield they are regarded as mediocre at best . 
  i mean they where beaten out of continental europe time and time again ... 
  haha not really since otherwise my country would make these propaganda movies today and intellectuall society would degenerate into a swamp of self righteousness and nostalgia . 
  critical selfreflection made my country for the better . . and i think its also why germany surpassed britain once again . . you have no historicall drive to make up for mistakes and to renew . 
  theres danger for stagnation and self glorifying movies like dunkirk increase this danger . . just look at football . . premier leage leans back on a shitload of money , while others have to work their ass off to stay relevant . 
  thats why they had more inovation and crushed premier league teams eventually . 
  you could now use critical selfreflection and improve . . or just say we r da best !!! 1 !!! 1 !!, 
  and continue losing . . you get my point ? 
  hey its late and i hate propaganda films . . thats all . . 
  i know , self reflexion hurts . . good night . 
   would you consider an austrian , who managed to escape from soviet prison camp somewhere in syberia , to be a hero ? 
  no , because i 'm against wicked glorification . 
   or german troops in east africa during world war i who managed to hide from brits for 4 years and then surrender ? 
  well they where outgunned and fought a guerilla campaign for several years , which drew away ressources from the european theatre for the entente ... instead of being beaten the fuck out of continental europe . 
  you know what was pointless ? 
  british soldiers landing in france and then running away like children , only to be depicted as heroes through hubble space nostalgia googles . 
  but yeah thats why russians where heroes in that war . 
  they saved europe . 
  they where criminal savages aswell but tell this to someone whos wearing russian nostalgia googles ... 
  pff . . brits where hiding and survived only through american food , american industry , and fought with american planes . . every random country could have stood up to a dreadfull tyrannical superpower if it gets that many weapons shoved up it 's butt . 
  like afghanistan vs. the soviet union . 
  maybe i 'm exggagerating , but i 'm as close to reality as this deluded nostalgia propaganda flick called dunkirk is . 
  yeah of course it was the right decision to evacuate . 
  but thats nothing close to being heroic , or whatever this movie is trying to depict . 
  it looks more like its trying to glorify a rather embarrassing retreat . 
  it 's as if austrians where making a glorifying heroic propaganda movie about retreating from napoleon . . would just feel weird and wrong . 
  so british heroes manage to run away and hide on an island while others do the fighting . 
  wow brave , they deserve a parade . 
  please tell me again how you are tougher than the french , who went to war with their biggest nemesis right at their border . . 
  like paying erdogan to guard the balkans route ... 
  yeah , a beer is a beer ... 
  g20 summit in hamburg . 
  but the country has haf 10 % economic growth for a decade now . 
  yes they started very low , but they certainly are improving now . 
  i thought ethiopia was rather successfull with alot of economic growth ( but paranoid inner politics ) nowadays . 
  theres potential there . 
  [ austria ... ] ( http://www.ww1propaganda.com/sites/default/files/3g13220u-1517.jpg ) [ ... aaand in the nude nsfw ] ( https://m.imgur.com/gaxavsq ) someone should do this for the others too ... 
  thats the ngo 's problem . 
  it 's good to know that a european consensus on this problem is at least possible . 
  some people will get pissed but i can live with it when it 's going to be the refugee supporters . 
  hopefully a diplomatic approach will be reached that softenes the tone afterwards . 
  those boats do n't dock in italy .
