  they go to the next ngo ship and it 's these guys that do the trafficking to italian shores . 
  you can close your ports to those guys . 
  ok , now do it . 
  thx bro ( once they are on an ngo ship they do n't drown anymore , then it 's the ngo 's problem to get them back to lybia again ), 
  yeah , close the ports . 
  force the ngo 's to still save the people but instead return them back to lybia . 
  problem solved . 
  for now ... 
  is pis the party of the brothers potatohead ? 
  i thought hungary was part of eurozone without adopting the euro . 
  now suck it harder bitch !, 
  sorry but closing our bordrs of the balkans route was a step in shutting it down completely . 
  we can gladly help you shutting down the mediteranian route , but we will not take a hundred thousand refugees again . 
  for too many muslim immigrants its sharia law which is unacceptable . 
  its important that those strangers respect us and our values , because you want to shove millions oft them into shengen . 
  when a refugee disrespects my comunity he goes and rapes a child at the pool . 
  this has happened multiple times allready . 
  also you just agreed that we are in a state of escalated terror and asymetrical warfare . 
  someone attacking muslims is part oft this overheated reality . 
  thats not the best time to let millions of potentional enemies into our borders . 
  especially if they lack the education to question these radical beliefs and to compete at the jobmarket . 
  in this current situation it would be a necessity to make a very good impression , to get rid of negative stereotypes , it they are not able to do that then maybe the stereotypes are not that far fetched . 
  last point . 
  claiming that we should kill those people is just a disgusting and perverse thought . 
  we should just not allow them unconditional citizenship and visafree travel , thats all . 
  and furthermore we should intensify our efforts to invest in their economies so they can have a dignified life at home . 
  i dont see why this isnt a reasonable approach . 
  cheers . 
  no , we wo n't fuck that . 
  those people come from god knows where , have zero education , zero standards to enter our countries and you want to tell us that they do n't even have to respect the local population ? 
  fuck that . 
  we 're in the middle of an asymetrical war with radical islam , terror happens weekly , if we allow people who are a potential threat into our borders , then they have to behave like angels . 
  if they do n't then they are just a burden to us , and should not be allowed to undermine our societies and our political union . 
  whats surprising about this . 
  nobody in his right mind wants these asylum seekers . 
  theres millions of better educated people out there who are waiting to come to the eu , why should we take the absolute worst of them all ? 
  agreed . 
  if we ca n't stop the migrant invasion our project will become more and more unstable . 
  b-but ... do y-you know english ? 
  and when they pay billions of euros to fund their infrastructure ... 
  but it 's stupendous to implode the eu just because some pants-shitting ngo fanatics do n't want to protect the european outer-borders . 
  shut down the mediteranian route just like the balkan , in an european effort and the problem is halted for now . 
  long term there needs to be massive programs for north africa , but thats still better than converting europe to islam ... 
  f * ck those ngo 's . 
  they are like aids , destroying our imune system . 
  looks pretty cool . 
  but why does it have the eu flag in front of it ? 
  vienna not on same level as warszaw . . sure , whats the united nations and opec . . only best quality of live on the planet and one of fastest growing cities in europe . . oh , now i see , it 's just a misleading title . 
  i ` ts not about being a global city , it 's just about the financial market . . 
  this is fake news . 
  you are now the greatest country on the ~ ~ british ~ ~ irish islands . 
  ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/--whj8r6or8k/uxmkodpmwui/aaaaaaaag4m/rmhgih6rbru/s1600/img_0002.jpg ) er strafe es . 
  i pledge allegiance to the european union !, 
  thanks britain for this uplifting video . 
  that looks cool . 
  downvoted because it 's created by propaganda account and can not be trusted . 
  britain seems to have another severy outbreak of bse nowadays . 
  it 's a joke about orban critizising the eu even if it has nothing to do with it . 
  `` victor orban blames the eu '' should also be in the title . 
  macron seems to know how to handle older women . 
  my government does not pay activists , they pay bad `` free to take '' newspapers to do the manipulation . . 
  but keeping the opposition at zero seats , while making sure they still exist , sounds like an orwellian 1984 scenario to me . 
  onwards !, 
  theresa may be a bit jealous of these results ... 
  the austrian one looks so [ comfy . 
  ] ( http://www.ww1propaganda.com/sites/default/files/3g13220u-1517.jpg?1311535617 ) sadly no tits . . : i edit : who can draw some cute tits onto her ? 
  would trade monarchy for a good pair any day . . 
  lol sanctions when ? 
  this is more hardcore than the stuff they wrote about putin . . 
  my country is blessed with a fine neighbourhood . 
  imagine the tiles pointing directly northwards ... :o maybe they do ... damn ... 
  your comment about the floor is the only thing i call bullshit . 
  a polished wooden floor going diagonally through the room with special pieces is pretty fucking expensive . 
  i like that floor . 
  and the mirrors may have some management productivity meaning ... 
  he was the head of one of the biggest companies of our country , and was pretty successfull with that . 
  but the aluminium furniture really looks too cheap . . but maybe that on purpose , not wasting taxpayer money and being one of us and stuff . . 
  it was a combined effort , that defeated the ottoman invasion . 
  it took the whole diplomatic network of the habsburg empire to amass armies and navies from poland through germany to venice to send them back where they came from . 
  also stop whining , your commonwealth was weak at that time . 
  you profited from declining hordes to aquire much land , but it was not strong enough to withstand 3 world powers at your borders . 
  germany and russia would have partinioned plc by themselves , austria just did n't want to go away empty handed . 
  together we are strong , divided we will fall . 
  at least we won the song contest with conchita wurst . 
  suck it eddie izzard !, 
  we have some classy operas about losing aswell ... they 're the best . 
  currently our homegrown indie music is pretty good aswell . . if you 're interested . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4roz_qfmaqo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6to8bgm1eg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjz-byzql8o https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbjv6ek_f1w https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vd_qdbiomy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wyo3kjxiu4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=py5vf8u0xce https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_nmw8csrqm and not forgetting https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eco4z98niqy hope you have a good night with some good tunes . . 
  i know it 's a joke , but brits are the most arrogant fucks i 've ever seen . 
  make the wiener art version ( pork slapped with a hammer ) together with potato salad , a slize of lemon on top of it and a bit of cranberry jam . 
  austrian recipes , are foolproof . 
  not that i would claim people from texas may be fools . . well not when it comes to food anyways . . , 
  best regards to poland . 
  just give it to slovenia . 
  we 'll come up with some royal marriage integration with them eventually . . :p, 
  cool city great nightlife even during the week . 
  so itally ... the 99yrs lease may have just expired ... 
  their understanding of freedom comes from the quote : `` arbeit macht frei '' . 
  in its core , the fp\u00f6 is the embodiment of establishment . 
  politics for rich people , against the poor .
