damn . . thats horrible even for my countries standards . . 
  sure it 's satire , trump is satire , isis is satire . 
  here : genozide race number 123 now !, 
  only satire bro , u mad ? 
  this . 
  this needs a huge fucking european flag . 
  nice , nobte buna my friends . 
  she maneuvert europe into half a decade of stagnation after the financial crisis ( usa , island and ireland recovered much faster with different strategies ) she 's been stalling for years the implementation of the financial transaction tax . 
  she 's fucked europeans over with her pussy stance on nsa surveillance , and even refused to let snowden speak at a german parliament hearing . 
  her finance minister sch\u00e4uble purposely fucked greece as hard as possible , just to show them not to vote for a leftwing government . 
  the way the ukraine crisis escalated , flaming a civil war instead of pushing for a diplomatic solution ( russians where begging for any kind of deal ) . 
  her devastatingly shortsighted approach to the refugee crisis , hurting everyone involved ( refugees included ) , and further destabilizing europe , which might just have been the last edge that lead to brexit . 
  yeah , i repeat , merkel fucked up many eu issues . 
  schulz is better . 
  merkel fucked up many eu issues . 
  watch out for taliban, 
  thank you for joining the eu . 
  it 's me an honour . 
  needs a subject about freude . 
  thats because deep in your heart you know they are right in calling palatschinken palatschinken , and not ham and eggs or kasnockerl . . drives you mad . 
  where you from , btw ? 
  got relatives in tirol . 
  you mean the part of austria thats been most loyal to the house of habsburg , who , you know , resided in ... vienna . 
  boom !, 
  palatschinke it is . 
  get the fuck out of here with your eierspei\u00df . 
  we 're talking palatschinken here . 
  you know we 've invented that food , so we get to name it . 
  boom !, 
  what is this , i do n't even . . 
  yeah , but the good thing is the guys proposing not mentioning slovenes in the corinthian constitution got hammered for that . 
  it was news all over austria and the guys responsible got wrecked in every discussion . 
  corinthians where the only ones who struggled with slovenian austrians and they too are now very glad that previous issues are resolved . 
  even right wingers do n't want to burn their fingers on that anymore . 
  all in all i 'd say , relations and respect got much better in recent years . 
  cheers bro . 
  germany , i love you , but your food and the way you name it makes my stomach hurt . 
  but apart from that i 'm glad my country lives in a good neighbouhood . 
  everyone who does n't say palatschinke is a heretic that needs to be purged . . or at least being served a propper palatschinke , cause it 's way superior to a plain pancake . 
  about time, 
  no because there relly are n't native americans anymore . . 
  they got bullied into submission , by a hostile colonisation force driven by an agressive religion . 
  i 'm very liberal in most aspects of society and even regular immigration . 
  but letting in millions of people with no education , profession , job chances , or language skills with an ideology thats on a confrontation course right now to europe , very inbalanced demographics ( 20year old men ) . 
  thats just dumb . 
  i want immigration with far betteer rules , so europe profits from it . 
  guys , i remember all of these shows . 
  watched every single one , all epsodes . 
  i ca n't be the only one . . 
  sure , fair point . 
  but it 's important to admit these crimes , to decrease the chance of repeating them . 
   insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
  albert einstein btw . 
  have a nice weekend, 
  but they still believe in it ? 
  btw . 
  how many atheists really are there in turkey ? 
  massacres done by greeks do not legitimize massacres and genozide done by turks . 
  friendly greetings !, 
  #austrian not german . 
  do not agree . . : o obviously my opinion on this is the most objective one ... but somehow it would feel like iron curtain all over again . . : i ca n't we just get along ? 
  i do n't want borders with you , you are really nice neighbours . . 
  i mean , it 's not that i like you or anything . . * blushes *, 
  very low energy . 
  sad . 
  i do n't want to get banned here , but every body knows who 's to blame for this , and who it is thats not integrating and who it is thats colonizing europe . 
  and the worst thing is these infiltrators are speeding up the destabilization of europe , since the only people who speak up against this are right wing poo-poo brains . 
  it 's unbearable . 
  if they would change their hazardous view on the eu membership , i would n't see a big problem with them in the government . 
  do n't worry our freiwillige feuerwehr ( firefighters ) will deal with the liechtenstein question ... 
  russia knows they do n't stand a chance against the schulz . 
  thats because french elections are ealrier . 
  they try to destroy countries in a chronological order . 
  yeah , the video forgot to mention that we are the most positive and heartwarming people on earth . 
  totally true . 
  period . 
  #yes !, 
  it 's official , everybody knows it now !, 
  ( i knew we could count on our brothers from toskana to speak truthfully ) royal marriage again when ? 
  needs more freude, 
  haha !, 
  that would be the most glorious thing of the decade !, 
  englanders are allready becomming salty . . 
  no , i 'm not trolling , mister dickbutts3000 . 
  yeah , if only there where no consequences for irrational nationalistic decisions . 
  but seriously , too bad all that . 
  good luck . 
  because it appeared to consist of the same negativity i 've heard from many ( not all ) brits on the internet so many times , and i just grew tired of it . 
  i mean , we get it , you wanted out , but why the fuck do brits keep spamming hatred towards europe , sabotaging any good news ? 
  do you want europe to fail , just to prove your point ? 
  wtf thats crazy and hostile towards your biggest future neighbour , and like i said i grew tired of it . 
  i hope you can understand my perspective here , even though i 'll try to articulate it more civilized in the future . 
  because , if you excuse my generalization , brits have been so fucking mad and pouring hate towards anything related to europe , that it 's no even funny anymore , it 's just sad . 
  but every brit that is not opposed to common ideals of friendship is very welcome to any eu country , since i 'm convinced they make a great contribution to our continent . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  little brits are so mad about their biggest blunder of the century . 
  we 're gon na make schottland great again and make england pay for it !, 
  #wtf !, 
  seriously where the fuck are the brakes on this thing ?? 
  their phones are powered by #hoheenergie .
