  ahahahaah i love this is gold, 
  no no you got it all wrong . 
  more people need to read and understand the article . 
  if they read but still ca n't understand they need to grow a brain . 
  [ he was deported again in august ( turkish source ) ] ( http://www.cnnturk.com/dunya/turkiye-bruksel-saldirganini-iki-kez-sinir-disi-etmis ) . 
  even if the procedure to deport a suspect was breached , they should have had the record of his last deportation . 
  yeah bro he 's like a muslim and a communist i love him . 
  but i do n't like his national-socialist views and i think his international decisions are way too peaceful . 
  i would immigrate to \u0130zmir . 
  and that 's the farthest west i will go . 
  there is a difference between feeding a troll and running from debate . 
  you are not a historian . 
  you are a bulgarian who was fed too much nationalism . 
  nothing you ever said was an historical argument . 
  look at this thread . 
  all acting like historians saying things they do n't have a clue about . 
  what have you read about the subject ? 
  what do you know about the ottoman empire ? 
  what do you know about colonization or imperialism ? 
  not much . 
  you do n't have a clue what you are talking about and on top of that you are biased . 
  i rest my case . 
  there is nothing to talk about . 
  that is the term used when you only care about what happens to christians and do n't care about muslims . 
  like circassians . 
  or balkan turks . 
  you ca n't even tell the difference between anatolia and armenia . 
  there is nothing to say , bulgarian . 
  or polak or whatever east euro sink hole you are from . 
  it is n't joke bro . 
  there 's a multi-billion mbt and apc deal going on . 
  if we get that our industry will benefit immensely . 
  probably will boost the exports from millions to billions worth . 
  will you cry me a river ? 
  please do it eu wide . 
  so they can only buy from us . 
  well then maybe you should force your own government to acknowledge injustices towards us and maybe we will do the same . 
  there will be no denial of anything as long as you consider this issue fairly . 
  yeah by that logic you should be living in central asia too . 
  that 's the place you came from only a few centuries earlier than us . 
  both west and east anatolia have been our motherland for more than 1000 years . 
  deal with it . 
  would you be willing to sink so low to play with nationalism ? 
  and do n't worry about our minorities . 
  we seriously give more than two shits about them . 
  just ask cyprus and greece the fuck happens when you fuck with `` the motherland '' . 
  recognize an atrocity as long as it suits interests of other countries while atricities commited against us are ignored ? 
  it 's a `` fuck you '' in my book . 
  we take them seriously , we lose first . 
  they take us seriously , they lose first . 
  the game is all about who wins first . 
  i 'm a liberal . 
  but i know when to stop . 
  i suggest you do the same . 
  who says ? 
  bulgarian propaganda book ? 
  it 's the same as always . 
  the `` west '' has had a monopoly on violence since 18th century and somehow when it comes to violence we are on the spotlight . 
  propaganda works . 
  it just does n't work as much if you are turkish . 
  fuck them . 
  let them bitch . 
  as long as their injustice towards us is not recognized we shall not recognize ours to them . 
  it 's not as hard as you think to admit `` shit happens in war '' . 
   france to warn turkey against ` blackmailing ' eu in migrant crisis ...  france to warn turkey ...  france ...  [ lelele ] ( http://en.wikifur.com/w/images/f/f3/troll.png ), 
  but what about the turkish people who lost their lives or property in purges and ethnic cleansings during 19th and 20th centuries ? 
  get real , you play with fire you get burned . 
  congratz to our foreign ministry . 
  and something tells me you do n't know what the fuck you are talking about , pardon my french . 
  it seems i become hostile when the ignorance of someone tends to spit on my dead countrymen . 
  they 've been calling each other shit for over a decade now . 
  sometime they sue each other . 
  but it does not evolve into something worse . 
  some sort of democracy still exsists i guess . 
  i do n't think he would be dumb enough to make deals . 
  letting smugglers sell some oil and looking the other way , maybe . 
  but blatantly deal with them and make millions in the process is something he can not afford to do so i 'll wait for more concrete sources before coming to a conclusion . 
  the whole media is full of shit about this whole thing . 
  i am always trying to look for multiple sources before trying to figure out what is really going on . 
  and yes , most smugglers are kurdish in that region . 
  smuggling is the only job people can do in some parts of south-east . 
  edit : grammar, 
  there is no backdoor dealing . 
  those dealing with illegal oil are smugglers and they are all kurdish , mostly . 
  i do n't think the army is shelling the kurds ( would be disasterous if it suddenly decided to do so ) but rather a terrorist organisation made up of kurds . 
  you can understand that there are conflicting national interests at play in syria . 
  turkey is helping the kurdistan regional government at the same time fighting ypg which the us arms to fight against isis . 
  but ypg also fights against moderate rebels and aligns with russia against turkish interests . 
  this thing could go on and on and currently there are no good sides , crimes are commited by everyone in a war-torn country . 
  currently the real crime commited in turkey is against citizens of south-east anatolia who are under curfew and are suffering because they did n't vote for akp . 
  daily skirmishes and deaths are caused simply because they will not vote for akp . 
  oh , and about nato : you have to understand , we are a part of it and we will always be a part of it as long as russia exists as a nation-state . 
  now i know you mean well for us , no harm in mind but , for god 's sake , never suggest a coup d'\u00e9tat as a solution . 
  especially for turkey . 
  if you do , a turkish citizen will immediatly conclude that you either mean harm or you are [ ignorant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:military_coups_in_turkey ) about the subject . 
  edit : grammar, 
  as long as they are not targeting politicians , they are not a threat . 
  conscripts on the other hand , are expendable . 
  this is the most absurd rant i 've read in a long while . 
  holocaust is a lie !,
