currently no power has been given to the office of presidency . 
  he is simply using his own influance , not the power of the office he holds . 
  the aim of erdo\u011fan is to make a new constitution which would give the presidency more power . 
  however with the curent number of seats he can not do it . 
  he tries desperately to pass that constitution and there are talks of referandum for a new constitution . 
  they pulled a house of cards style war on terror shit just to steal past november elections and it is currently hurting the economy real bad . 
  if they are not willing to further destabilze the country this term will be his last shot at making that constitution happen . 
  but i doubt it . 
  why ? 
  the fact that i see you under every single turkish related post bashing says much about you and this fact alone is an insult in itself , no need for me to say anything more . 
  it proves you are a pathethic human being with no other goal than provoking and bashing turkish people on the internet . 
  and fuck you and whoever fucked with your brain along with tayyip and his daughter . 
  and while i 'm at it fuck the orthodox too because why the fuck would i care about a fucking church ? 
  i do n't even go to mosque !, 
  well the turkish community across balkans would like to rebuild and reopen the mosques in selanik , belgrad , sofia , eflak whatever . 
  the coin has two sides motherfucker . 
  http://www.erolsasmaz.com/?oku=730 that thing was old , useless and a blight on my eyes everytime i drove past it . 
  it was used as army depot after the great war . 
  it was inside the borders of gendarmerie . 
  glad it 's gone . 
  there are more beautiful churches in alsancak which are kept in good shape by their community and the state . 
  you should stop whatever you are trying to accomplish with changing words here . 
  muslim is fine , even if it gets negative attention . 
  nothing is more discriminatory than sugar coating or changing a word so that it attracts less negative attention . 
  4 grand dads !, 
  wow . 
  i never knew soviet people were so sexually open minded . 
  i agree with the post . 
  i do n't agree with the changing of the word from muslim to moslem . 
  i 'm a sucker for old french revolutionary marches . 
  not that i 'm a communist , quite the contrary actually . 
  i just like the aggressiveness and meaning behind the words which seeks to empower the people who are crushed under the weight of a corrupt state . 
  there is a [ special one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me7onju77iy ) that i like a lot . 
  mark my words ; when they change that fucking constitution , i will be listening to it while i go `` chercher mon fusil '' . 
  armenian is not a race , it 's an ethnicity . 
  he is simply pointing out that the level of attention this whole insult erdo\u011fan gets and the level of anger it generates is inproportionate compared to cases which occured before concerning insults to other european political figures . 
  how stupid do you have to be to make idiotic claims about something you know so little about ? 
  i am not impressed !, 
  one shitty soviet made bulldozer ? 
  that 's all ?!, 
  they should have called an airstrike on them !, 
  brutally murder all dissenters . 
  the winning side says sorry a cenury or two later . 
  problem solved . 
  see , if you ask that some people might also ask when did the ethnic cleansing of armenians was characterised as genocide and your argument would power their argument because it 's exactly the same situation . 
  hypocrisy will never help you , do n't forget that . 
  what about the circassian genocide ? 
  i 'm not interested in one sided accusations and politicization of massacres . 
  it 's inhumane . 
  i 'm sure after doing all this against turkey eu political elite will be eager to suck russia 's dick for energy ressources . 
  i am turkish . 
  and i am also circassian-bosnian muslim . 
  a word of advice to anyone who bring that shit up : all suffered , without exception . 
  if you pick sides now it 's not going to end up well for you because the crimes you also trying to `` whitewash '' are going to surface . 
  i 'm lost between chicken and kebab . 
  please donate them some combat boots or something . 
  i hate to see them getting shot at and die in sandals . 
  no way \u0130zmir is greece . 
   especially the parts that used to be georgia let us all be content with what we have now and forget about what we [ had ] ( https://taylorrockhill.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/ottoman-empire.jpg ) then . 
  russia has cute girls . 
  iran has cute girls who like to show everything they got once they are here because they ca n't show it back home . 
  georgia has old ladies . 
  cyprus has legal loopholes and casinos and cute girls . 
  iraq and syria has petrol . 
  bulgaria has cute and cheap girls . 
  but above all , there is greece , that i like very much and love for they are culturally and ethnically so similar to us because they are our ex-colony . 
  well , as turkey is not in north america or europe , we do not have the same values and way of life . 
  and unless you expect anatolian tectonic plate to suddenly move about 5000 km and park itself in north sea , i do n't see it becoming any `` western '' than it already is . 
  i mean what is `` way of life '' or what values are you talking about ? 
  are you asking if turks like coffee more than tea or kebab more than bacon ? 
  are you asking about family values ? 
  if we are into freedom and democracy \u2122 or do we lean more towards libert\u00e9 , egalit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 \u00ae ? 
  can you elaborate what you are asking without using some loose and incomprehensible definition please ? 
  if you do so i can give you a precise answer . 
  edit : a word . 
  what 's western ? 
  west of where ? 
  the term itself is so loose that it 's difficult to understand what you are trying to ask . 
  is it a democracy ? 
  not so much when you compare it to france or germany but it 's definitely better if compared to russia . 
  if it 's economy you are referring to then it 's in a much better shape than all balkan and east european countries ( except russia ) but not really better than uk or italy . 
  if you are asking about the military then it is quite ahead of most nations with the exception of countries with very large economies . 
  if you are asking how conservative the population is ; it is a very conservative society especially the rural parts , as much as greece and maybe a little bit more . 
  the reaction of turkish people to events that threatens the country is very similar to that of american population . 
  and lastly if you are asking about how corrupt it is ; it 's much worse than danmark or finnland but better than russia or romania or bulgaria . 
  edit : oh and i forgot to mention ; if you are asking about geography and take japan as your point of start then turkey is most definitely a western country . 
  this was way before putin began to act all stalin in russia . 
  i guess he had to prove that he was riding as good as [ this dude ] ( https://dursadekircan.files.wordpress.com/2010/04/ataturk-at-uzerinde.jpg ) and failed miserably . 
  eu is not a country . 
  and i 'd pay to see the face of a german economist trying to figure out the shitstorm such a mad idea would provoke . 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  estonia ? 
  no fuck that . 
  the horse which nearly gutted him with its hoof should be on t-shirts . 
  [ and multiple angles available to print on a t-shirt ! ], 
  you do n't just shut down an economy of that size without hitting yourself in the leg and in case of turkey it would be more like chopping off a limb . 
  it 's not eu4 and i invite you to understand the severity of economic sanctions . 
  mine . 
  i feel a bit ashamed but i know the answer to that question . 
  f\u00f6\u015fik sverige ... omg those comments on youtube,
