  brievik was a hero !, 
  hitler was a good man who defended europe !, 
  stop believing your government propaganda !, 
  how would you call someone who says these to you ? 
  crazy ? 
  stupid ? 
  ignorant ? 
  stop ridiculing yourselves . 
  you have an internet connection , do your research . 
  black flag ? 
  [ yarrrrrrr ] ( http://www.elizabethan-era.org.uk/images/calico-jack-rackhams-pirate-flag.jpg ) kat.cr is down comrades !, 
  are people in r/europe are 10 years old kids ? 
  or are they fucking stupid or something ? 
  i have to explain everytime that g\u00fclenist organization is actually against secularism , yet more pop up to defend them . 
  do n't they teach in eu schools that you ca n't have opinions about a subject if you are uninformed about it . 
  yet here they are , bitching and moaning about something they fail to understand . 
  pityful . . 
  i did not say that there was direct american involvement . 
  but i will say that they support or turn a blind eye to fetullah g\u00fclen because he operates from usa . 
  arright for folks who thinks it 's a too long did n't watch situation ; basically g\u00fclen is yet another islamist who is leading an organization which has been infiltrating the state bureaucracy since 1970 and that he is no different than erdo\u011fan . 
  there is no such thing as moderate islamist . 
  what happened was a `` game of thrones '' between two shit kings . 
  meanwhile this protest proved that there are secular kemalist turks who are just as much loyal to the ideals of secularism as people who oppose it . 
  now the entire unity of akp is threatened because of this event and they will lose power because of it while it gave strenght to secular people parties who are actually more numerous . 
  it 's just that seculars are always divided and fractioned and can not unite like akp which currently is an umbrella party for a myriad of right wing parties . 
  once the umbrella breaks , they break . 
  it all falls on how secular opposition can use the situation to their advantage and this protest is a step towards that . 
  tl ; dr for lazy folks ; purges are directed against g\u00fclenist ( islamists - yes all 50k + of them - ) and protests were made by seculars and it 's a good thing . 
  edit : not all protests are made by seculars . 
  the night of the coup most people who were on the streets were akp thugs and shills . 
  people only united against the coup because it 's an american intervention and against everyones interest . 
  i know every one would like to get on the hype train and bash the protests but what i would like from people who really wants to understand what is going on in turkey is to watch a [ `` very short '' video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-dlooxbybk ) explaining who g\u00fclen is and what he has been doing since 1970 . 
  the situation will be clearer in your mind . 
  [ double kill ] ( http://proprofs-cdn.s3.amazonaws.com/images/games/user_images/misc/6541715697.jpg ), 
  i 'm not gon na feel sorry for fucking islamists . 
  they can rot in hell for all i care . 
  if nationalists or seculars are attacked though ; you bet we are going fast towards one of the most destructive civil war ever seen in history . 
  understand that they have been infiltrating for decades and they appointed themselves to the highest positions in the government so the purges ( i shamefullly admit ) are not totally unjistified . 
  but a fear remains for people who are secular that these emergency powers can also be used against them . 
  i guess we will see what will be our future in a few weeks . 
  if i could watch it on flightradar for half an hour and see the movement of the plane second by second the army sure could have done it . 
  change your facebook profile pic of course !, 
  reich : erdogan reich and the world just watching us descend into madness as if its a deja-vu . 
  would eu be that welcoming to seculars ? 
  i doubt that . 
  ahmet k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7aslan aytar i do n't know who he is . 
  he presents himself as `` geo-strategist '' but actually provides no evidence whatsoever to his claims . 
  interesting but still remains highly speculative . 
  he basically talks about the situation in syria where every nation fights a war of proxy in order to achieve their own national agenda and throws in israel as cherry on top to give some flavour i guess . . 
  15 % discount at bi\u00e7er logistics ... municipality serves dessert during religious day ... nice finds bro . 
  i wish you had made it past the 3rd page and then asked maybe when you see key words such as isis or banks or us or cia ... 
  how do these people know if the content is interesting or not ? 
  they look for a funny word and think it 's interesting ? 
  you mean [ the russians ] ( http://media.moddb.com/images/groups/1/6/5425/jsnsb2ml.jpg ) ? 
  oh man , let them take whatever they want . 
  guns , jets , helicopters , my body , my soul ... 
  i am ready . 
  any stolen military equipment is returned immediately to the countries which own them . 
  i 'm not so sure about the content of of the vessels though . 
  you can find any gun any where if you know where to look but what is the gun on the photo ? 
  and i assume with all the recent events we would be welcomed with flowers . 
  - one ar-15 please . 
  i explained that i did not mean that to the other dude . 
  read that . 
  [ there was a song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lryrwn-ffte ) : bye bye secularism bye bye democracy , hello islamism i think i 'm - a gon na cry-y bye bye seperation of powers , bye bye sweet liberty , hello repression i feel like i could di-ie bye bye secularism goodby-eye there goes my liberty with-a erdogan she sure looks unhappy , i sure am a donkey she was my baby till he stepped in goodbye to justice that might have been bye bye secularism bye bye liberty , hello islamo-fascism i think i 'm - a gon na cry-y bye bye stability , bye bye sweet liberty , hello civil war i feel like i could di-ie bye bye my love goodby-eye i 'm - a through with this fucking country , i 'm a-through with snackbars i 'm through with a ` countin ' 72 virgins above and here 's the reason that i 'm so unfree my lovin ' baby is stolen from me bye bye love bye bye secularism , hello fascism i think i 'm - a gon na cry-y bye bye love , bye bye sweet liberty , hello repression i feel like i could di-ie bye bye democracy goodby-eye, 
  fucking ridiculous are you living on the moon or something ? 
  it 's our land and if they do n't like it they can piss off to persia where they came from . 
  edit : [ found this it says ; state is an entirety and undivisible ] ( http://imgur.com/r/watchpkkdeaths/voolz4t ), 
  result is no then . 
  who is doing the voting ? 
  all turkish republic citizens or only those who identify themselves as kurdish or the pkk ? 
  what happens to pkk after it 's done ? 
  do they lay down their arms ? 
  and what happens to the bazillion of kurdish immigrants in western turkey ? 
  they want to magically go back to the newly independent state ? 
  2 entire brigades !? 
  omg what were you thinking !, 
   in reality , ankara had neither the intention nor the capacity for such a dramatic departure from nato 's defense infrastructure . 
  read what people say . 
  edit : i basically said the chinese offered a better r & d and equipment production than any other participating defense contractors which logically got them the contract but it was anulled because nato put pressure on turkey because `` muh murican companies needs monies and you do n't need to develop your own '' . 
  never said anything about turkey not needing nato . 
  good god how much money is estonia spending on that one single infantry brigade ? 
  it was more like a `` since you do n't want us to buy equipment with better r & d agreements then send some of yours to us for free '' kind of agreement between us . 
  i thought it woulda been obvious . 
  from an artice 3 years ago : `` in reality , ankara had neither the intention nor the capacity for such a dramatic departure from nato 's defense infrastructure . 
  all along , turkish officials had planned to leverage its purchasing power to gain the know-how to develop its own long-range missile system and to expand the indigenous capabilities . '', 
  it 's because the temple of hera was broken by the venetians or some shit and now you ca n't find love in those parts since then !, 
  i 'm a tourist guide . 
  i usually make my way to pergamon acropolis once in a while . 
  had a very hot greek girl in my group . 
  i ended up upsetting her by complaining that germans stole our ruins from bergama and kept them in the pergamon museum :(, 
  i meant no disrespect to greek culture and all it was a parody . 
  i made a joke , you know , since these are sensitive issues between greeks and turks . 
  because , you know , they used to be our ex-colony and some of their identity kinda got assimilated . 
  would you like some turkish coffee after baklava kom\u015fu ? 
  even our ancient ruins looks so similar to yours !, 
  greeks are so much like us !, 
  no they just paint over the outdated information and write the new . 
  this photo is also 6-7 years old . 
  so it has changed a lot since then .
