armenian event was 100 years ago maybe they should just get over it ? 
  you mean give you eastern turkey ? 
  :d #thedream, 
  ok man , like i said , i want other countries to give away lands they took by force and killing and then turkey should too , i personally will tell everyone turkish to give back the lands . 
  right after all the other nations who did such stuff give back their lands and then payback for the resources they took from these lands . 
  here is an unbiased reason for why turkey doesnt recognise but it gets downvoted by armenians , because rationale and reason and facts are not what armenians want , they only want everyone to hate on turkey, 
  armenian gnocide was systematic ? 
  alright man you have already been captured by th armenian propaganda nothing more to say . 
  my grand parents also suffered in bulgaria and there were systematic deportations yet no one cares , because unlike what armenians claim , we are not lobbying like they do . 
  well armenians want lands as reperation , i 'll accept english apologies if they leave the island to the celts , americans to natives , stralians to aboriginals and then turkey can finally recognize the genocide and give the reperations that come with it . 
  com to think of it , all european nations should pay for the amount of natural resources they leeche of africa as well . 
  i also do n't know of any special priviliges given to the entire race that you enslaved . 
  hell there are people on reddit who whine about the fact that it was their ancestors who did it so why do they have to suffer . 
  so why do we ? 
  volvo trucks and volvo cars are seperate, 
  this is the arguement that islamists will make , '' it did n't have much to do with linguistics !, 
  fuck ataturk is destroying turkey 's ottoman heritage buhuhuhuhuh '' . 
  literacy rates of like % 4 during the arabic script and then rising to % 90 + after the change speaks volumes . 
  bro you the best, 
  futbol, 
  reddit said pkk doesnt kill civillians so you wont be affected even if you are affected , they are freedom fighters so you will die for a righteous cause, 
  but would you willingly give up your \u00fcbermenschness for untermenschness ? 
  why would you identify as pole when you have the chance to identify as german ? 
  what did you say to your turan overlords you wan na be european but actually turkic ???????????????????????? 
  honda , toyota , ford , renault , fiat and hyundai have factories in turkey . 
  bmc was brought to turkey in a partnership , was then bought by a turkish firm . 
  so british motor company is actually a turkish company now . 
  renault builds symbol , clio and fluence afaik . 
  honda builds civics . 
  ford only builds some vans . 
  hyundai builds i10 , i20 and accent models . 
  i think we also have a benz factory that makes vans . 
  and murat g\u00fcnak designed peugeot 206 , some vw cars , mercs etc. 
  does n't mean turkey can produce cars . 
  personal achievements = / = national achievements . 
  and even making your own car is simple . 
  you can license another brands platform , then their engines , or simply just import the engines , use another car makers gearbox and all the other things and then put your own badge on the car . 
  does n't mean your country actually managed to build an engine , a platform and all the other parts a car uses . 
  besides pakistan , peru and jamaica all countries have blue in their flags coincidence ? 
  zenci means black , its not derogatory, 
  enjoy your default m8, 
  lol there we go again, 
  i agree , all people deserve to have their own nation . 
  kurds should have their own state , and every kurd living in istanbul or ankara or whereever else should be deported to their nation state . 
  turkey 's official language should be turkish , kurds also should have their own state with their own language . 
  i 'm even perfectly fine with kurds having iraq , syria and southeast turkey . 
  but then all kurds in turkey must leave turkey , otherwise no , they will have their own country and then try to meddle in our country 's affairs by whining about their people not being treated well . 
  even conservative turks arent on arabic levels of conservativeness though, 
  nope, 
  yes and greeks still think there is a chance of war, 
  rome and all of northern italy for me and brugges . 
  nono its for defence against turkey cause turkey definetely will attack greece . 
  the turk is the greatest enemy of greece even though the last war was 92 years ago . 
  there is no greek tzatziki , only cac\u0131k , greeks just write it that way so they can pronounce it correctly all greek food is turkish come at me, 
  im turk we peasant and no yurop i no england sorri, 
  oh yeah its the go to arguement for reddebaters , pointing out that your word of choice was wrong and your arguement is invalid or pointing out some fallacy and 360noscoping everything you wrote, 
  i 've always thought the dutch were a special bunch , but you ? 
  lol ... what are you even trying to argue here ? 
  that discrimination is fine so long as it is not racial discrimination ? 
  also what does his grandmother have to do with his racism ? 
  leeeeel ehehhee kek trolle so hard mang haha very dank indeed, 
  '' amazing '', 
  sell the docadenese , 
  tatars , kazakhs , azeris but turkic people in general are just less religious and a large part of the piety of turks comes from the older generation use phrases like '' if you do this you 'll be struck by god '' , '' you wo n't go to heaven '' and shizzle like that makes it hard for turks of turkey especially to criticise religion openly even though deep inside they know something is wrong . 
  you ca n't enter the black sea through greece . 
  as if turks would immigrate to fucking albania lmao, 
  our 17.5 k will leave once your 1000 leave . 
  but what about british , russian , greek and israeli ( ? ), 
  bases on cyprus ? 
  a turkic people . 
  that circlejerk, 
  pkk bullets cant melt dank theories, 
  what do you think ? 
  im condescending towards those who dont vote for the party they sympathise with because the other party offers more monetary gain, 
  they are like irish in that regard , poor , conservative and breed like rabbits . 
  lmao, 
   kinda wants to make kurdistan happen , ? 
   simply wants autonomy , ? 
   respects republic . 
  what, 
  yeah at first thought it was a 7, 
  phaetons grill and lights are different and phaeton isnt a very expensive car either, 
  who will retake cyprus ? 
  greece or turkey ? 
  while turkey did use protection of their people as casus belli , one of the other reasons is obviously to have a base on cyprus . 
  and well , i guess if turkey is allowed to keep a base on cyprus , turkey probably would n't mind trnc and roc merging . 
  it really is n't that much to ask for either , considering that russia , uk , greece and afaik israel and maybe usa also have bases on the island . 
  why should turkey lower her defense bugdet ? 
  greece is bordered by albania , bulgaria , turkey and serbia ( ? ) . 
  turkey is bordered by armenia , iran , iraq , syria and turkey is much closer to russia than greece , russia who have been historically a much bigger enemy to turkey than greece ever was . 
  and some would think continues to be . 
  turkey borders the middle east . 
  there is no reason for greece to spend so much and you know that . 
  greece is a nato and eu country . 
  turkey is not going to attack greece . 
  you just bought into the fear mongering . 
  and do n't bring erdo\u011fan up , you spent more than us even before erdo\u011fan . 
  hell erdo\u011fan started his '' neo - ottomanism '' not as soon as he was elected , i 'd say his full on retardedness started around 2008 . 
  and the only real reason why there is a conflict is because of your unrealistic airspace demands , which basically mean that turkey does n't even own the airspace right on top of it 's land . 
  that is the only conflict we have , we do n't even claim the docadenese islands , which you pretty much stole from italy , who took those islands as a result of the italian - turkish war .
