  vw passat - pretty average car bmw 5 series - not that expensive either audi a6 ( c6 ) - old car , not really too expensive while i get what you 're saying , the papacy is the worst thing the guy basically is a religious sect leader getting paid shit tons for nothing besides being a political/religious symbol/statement , at least on paper politicians work towards bettering a country , the pope has no benefits whatsoever . 
  and i 'm pretty sure he has a couple of s classes , a8 's , bentleys or rolls lying around somewhere . 
  edit : 5 series not 7, 
  nono bulgarians are % 1000 true europeans and christians !, 
  just like the magyars !, 
  as your national hero once said , `` the jews did this '' . 
  greece hungary romania poland bulgaria much democracy such prosperity, 
  / r/islam is just a circle jerk of '' mashallah brother , inshallah brother , blabla brother , wear your veils sister , elhamdulillah sister , islam is great brother '', 
  nobody should be forced to allow those they do not want inside their property . 
  not that i do n't think islam is fucked up , but i just hate hypocrisy even more than islam . 
  no need to be angry mate, 
  or europe can be poor like serbia and have no immigrant problems heuheuhuehueheuheuheuh, 
  well you just gave the perfect explanation . 
  but im sure reddebaters will try to argue with this as well . 
  nothing can stop a redditor from '' debating '' . 
  topkek, 
  i 'd vote no too , long live capitalism . 
  the state already taxes everything and i do n't want all the money my family earned to pay for akp or other islamist parties propaganda . 
  5 poor landlocked countries come together to make the ultimate most poor and landlocked union !, 
  turks are n't european , she is living in an eu country = she is a minority ??? 
  or are we europeans now  ) ) ), 
  is this unexpected ? 
  central asian countries have no other choice than russia, 
  o is much more of a word than that muvaffakiyet gibberish tbh , even though it does have a meaning it still is gibberish, 
  all our food is greasy af, 
  [ beypazar\u0131 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fd/beypazar%c4%b1_-_panaromic_view_from_h%c4%b1d%c4%b1rl%c4%b1k_hill.jpeg ) although the cunts voted for akp instead of the guy who restored the town and basically saved it from decay and made it a local tourism hub . 
  common extreme islamist beliefs . 
  sell them more football teams ? 
  kurds vote for akp, 
  it 's alright , greece is turkish majority now , all we need is a referendum . 
  reddit armchair debaters destroying politicans since 2k5, 
  ben kenobi didnt die for this, 
  srbija shall lead christianity against kebab once again deus vult !, 
  so not thousands ? 
  and no proof they were actually shot ? 
  i cant see any mention of kids ? 
  30000 kids ? 
  is this your job ? 
  you go on reddit and make baseless claims just to paint turkey as cunts ? 
  i also answered your question , it was kenan evren who said mountain turks , are you thick ? 
  no he didnt call them mountain kurds , that was kenan evren , you have to know things before you form an opinion . 
  and those killed in dersim rebelled because their `` feudal lord '' or the agas of many asirets rose up because their authority was limited now . 
  kurdish clans could no longer do things like selling their daughtees to other clan leaders , blood feud killings , serfdom and honor killings wothout getting punished it was also good because they could shout `` facism '' and `` muh culture '' section because their backwards culture was oppressed . 
  damn did n't know you could prevent smuggler kurds from buying isis oil . 
  also did n't know oil from iraq came with `` made in isis '' tags . 
  not all , but the majority like him . 
  even akp supporters at least will appreciate his work . 
  do n't make comments about countries you have n't even visited . 
  nope armenians want reperations . 
  because the nations you colonised do n't want a half of your country . 
  we 've always had this in common boys, 
  we got another thing in common now boys, 
  i saw the scariest one 2 weeks ago in campus , it was like 10cm +, 
  you do n't have to get in the eu to have trade agreements . 
  why is your butt hurting so much, 
  i guess being like japan is good enough for me though or any of the colonial empires . 
  you are right , we do n't have to do anything , we do n't have to recognise the genocide either . 
  those some armenians can someday become rulers of armenia and claim it . 
  i do n't know your internal politics but wiki says a couple of your political parties claim it . 
  anyway as long as armenia does n't renounce any claim it wo n't be recognised . 
  i have the right to not give a fuck just as much as you do, 
  and i dont give a fuck about worthless armenians whose only cultural significance is being killed, 
  why should we be butthurt ? 
  as long as we dont recognise it , all this political business dont matter, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3381tw/german_parliament_to_call_armenian_genocide/cqiix7z http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/335m8s/historical_apologies/cqhucd2 sup ? 
  if armenia renounces any claim to eastern turkey we definetely could pull a europe and recognise genocides we wo n't have to pay for, 
  it was n't the fault of the crossbowmen tbh , the french just got cocky and did n't care . 
  i really wish i saw the battles of crecy and poitiers , they are so fucking funny , tye french just simply charged and got destroyed by arrows all the time . 
  so it was justified ? 
  you 've allowed cyprus so you can very well allow georgia and armenia too its not like the rules to enter the eu matter bulgaria , hungary , greece , romania etc were n't and probably still arent fit to be in the eu but you let them in, 
  its not like you were going to allow us into eu anyway, 
  you what ? 
  k\u0131z\u0131lderili is n't a deragotary term in turkish . 
  turks that lived in the balkans , crimea , kazan and the surrounding places . 
  we are, 
   muffin topkek, 
  because armenians want reperations . 
  your friends are probably ccc/mhp / \u00dclk\u00fcc\u00fc . 
  obviously , the reason was exactly that . 
  before the armenian genocide , turks were getting killed in crimea and balkans and they were forced out of their homes , lost their belongings . 
  with some armenians supporting russia and joining their armies , fighting against the ottoman empire , the pashas obviously wanted to stop the same fate from befalling the turks in the east . 
  and while armenians would tell you that eastern turkey was majority armenian , it was n't . 
  there were armenians , a lot of them that lived in the east , but it was still mainly turkish and kurdish . 
  the kurds probably did steal from and murder armenians who were marching south . 
  but you ca n't really blame kurds only . 
  and like you said , death and war is horrible , so wo n't really say it was '' justified '' but there is a valid reasoning behind it . 
  not just '' they are infidels , sub human and turks are master race '' . 
  if you look at the / r/worldnews thread about the same news , you can see some asking for reperations , and yes they mainly do want reperations . 
  i 'm sure some armenian will come and tell me '' no we do n't '' . 
  but they do , and since the main reason armenia pushes the genocide issue is because of reperations , which may make armenia a bit more independent from russia , they will never say they are renouncing any reperation claims whatsoever , for genocide recognition . 
  as you know , recognising genocides are easy things to do without reperations . 
  that 's why the colonial nations have no problem recognising their wrong doings . 
  it 's not a big deal , turks do n't care about the genocide one way or the other . 
  and the reason we deny it is because turkey is n't going to give any reperations to armenians whatsoever . 
  they 'll probably react the same way they reacted to the 20 other countries that recognised it . 
  it 's not like the 500k + / - oghuz turks that came to anatolia somehow bred faster than the millions of greeks and armenians already living in anatolia right ? 
  we are pretty much the indigenous population of anatolia except we are the islamised versions of you guys . 
  i mean hungarians are the indigeneous population of hungary , yet since the 6th century , firstly the avars and the magyars invaded/ruled/lived in hungary . 
  so i mean ... it 's real bullshit to talk about indigenous populations . 
  even gauls and celts lived in anatolia during some point of history .
