  how is it the most forgotten genocide ? 
  everytime anything turkish is posted on anywhere besides / r/turkey there is a strong chance this will pop up regardless of the topic . 
  as well as the accompanying links to the greek , assyrian and hamidian genocides . 
  mosques are built as a message to the secularists , akp is creating a divide , the atheist terrorist secularists and the poor oppressed muslims . 
  cankaya , the `` semt '' i live in ankara which basically covers all the relevant and important areas of ankara , is strictly filled with secularists , students and intellectuals . 
  there have been 4 mosques built and 1 under construction near my neighbourhood just to piss us off . 
  they also are especially loud as fuck to annoy us even more . 
  lack of importance of religion . 
  how do you expect me to find days or weeks old comments ? 
  anytime the removal of kebab from balkans is mentioned people will come out and say it was deserved . 
  lel there is no snow in turkey, 
  funny thing is , r/europe posters used to say that balkan turks deserved to be massacred and forced out of their homes because they were `` occupiers '' now you tell me crimean tatars do n't deserve this ? 
  you should rename yourself to \u0130stanbul . 
  come at me, 
  soon you will celebrate ramadan too soon ... 
  why is this revealed again and again ? 
  it 's been revealed for like 10 + years at least, 
  probably , my family are bulgarian `` muhacirs '' . 
  and i 'm white as fuck ... who do i thank ? 
  ozal * he was corrupt as fuck , he started the mainstream corruption movements , he is basically tayyip 's predecessor . 
  he enabled people like tayyip . 
  and he was n't that secular to begin with . 
  a famous quote by him , `` my civil servants know what to do '' , in response to a question about low wages for civil servants , he is implying they know what they have to do to get by with low wages . 
  although there are others like '' i like the rich '' or '' going against the constitution once is n't a big deal . '', 
  actually some bk and fast food restaurants have locks on toilets that you can only open with the passcode on your receipt . 
  thats not a hijab, 
  he was just as much of a cunt as erdogan . 
  do n't worry they make some of it up thanks to corruption \u2122, 
  you wot m8 ? 
  go take a boat trip on the aegean and meet real human meaty greeks rather than digital helenistturkeyfucker2005 and see that there is n't that much difference between us . 
  duh , israel is a western country surrounded by backwardsness , but civillians dying still is n't a nice thing . 
  i would 've thought the seychelles would n't need aid tbh , with all the tourism and what not . 
  i present to you recep tayyip , 1st of his name , ruler of anatolia , father of all muslims , purger of heresy and lord protector of \u0130stanbul . 
  rome and brugge are my favourite of all european cities i 've visited . 
  but rome wins cause club brugge is a cunty team . 
  i do n't know how they do it in bosnia , but in turkey they 'll cut these into portions , and you buy them in kilos rather than pieces . 
  well you could just call it '' uniquely shaped '', 
  we do have established borders , greece and turkey mainly just clash about aegean airspace, 
  well then again cyprus % 100 in both population and landmass outside of europe . 
  expecting turkish military expansion is fearmongering at it 's best . 
  in it 's nearly 100 year history the only `` territory expansion '' could be considered cyprus , which actually depends on your bias . 
  if you are greek it 's warmongering turks invading the island for no reason , if you are turkish it 's to save the persecuted turkish people on the island . 
  just the economical means not technological , germans or japanese built everything in those countries . 
  the sheikhs just supply the oil money . 
  i 'll bring the kebab and rak\u0131 , 
  lol kiddo get a job poking through my post history keyboard freedom fighter xd, 
  he wants a karling preserve , he cant do it with a eunuch . 
  syria supported pkk beforehand though , so i suppose what goes around comes around ? 
  or you reap what you sow ? 
  karma is a bitch ? 
  urartu_th made a comment like that , what the fuck are you getting worked up about ? 
  mount & blade, 
  why do you ask ? 
  you have already decided anyway , no need to argue . 
  urartu_th is an armenian facist who used to call for wars against turkey with the help of their ruski allies on r/armenia , if he thinks it is phenomenal , then it is as many articles and videos on the internet about the genocide are biased as hell . 
  turkey is european confirmed, 
  we actually have gypsy problems as well that is why , they do exactly the same thing but they do n't get aggressive as you say , but i actually saw a gypsy taking a shit in public , it was a back street at least but still ... 
  make a guess, 
  thats what happens when your president wants you to have at least 3 kids you get a city with 15m habitants . 
  so you are a fetus ? 
  where did i mention i was proud ? 
  nothing to do with pride , it just wo n't be recognised . 
  it 's not tayyip , the genocide will never be recognised , deal with it . 
  from chp to mhp to akp , no turk really cares about recognising it and it wo n't be recognised for a long time . 
  whaaa :( they sent my grandpa to a zoo in africa then ... 
  if i dont shave at least the armpits the state will send me back to africa to live with my orangutan ancestors , at least they 'll supply me bananas they said, 
  [ can i interest you in dr \u00d6sterreich 's brand new butthurt ointment ? 
  i hate people who will call terrorist organisations that plague their country as terrorists , but when other countries suffer from the same they are labeled freedom fighters . 
  do n't ignore other peoples sufferings to look edgy/idealist/humanist on reddit or on the internet . 
  no it is n't , people who target civillians are terrorists , people who use scare tactics to force others into their will are terrorists , breivik is a terrorist murderer , so are eta and pkk . 
  do n't call one countries terrorist organisation freedom fighters if you do n't like yours being called freedom fighters too . 
  and when we actually use h\u0131yar , it generally doesnt mean cucumber, 
  so its rak\u0131 and you are drinking it the wrong way, 
  is that rak\u0131 ? 
  why are they drinking rak\u0131 from shot glass ? 
  nah it 's alright my country probably hurt a few bulgarian families too :d thanks for the link but i dont know how i can prove my ancestors were from bulgaria ? 
  would the names of my parents be enough ? 
  they told me they lived in kyustendil before , maybe there is some registry or something ? 
  really ? 
  i can into europe ? 
  :( 5/3/2015 best day of my life !, 
  but srsly where does one learn about bulgarian citizenship ? 
  why should they ? 
  they russified all turkic and mongol people in russia . 
  my family was also removed ... never 5get . 
  mosaddegh ? 
  the cypriot looks more turkish than the turk . 
  i hate when people come up and say '' that 's a fallacy , this is a fallacy '' rather than coming up with decent arguements . 
  it 's such a cop out way and i hate how reddit loves when people call out fallacies , as if the arguement is invalid because it has '' whataboutism '' . 
  i agree , it is all so shit though . 
  due to communist terrorism turks became anti socialism , u.s.a got a foothold and affected 2 coups of turkish history and internal politics . 
  what u.s.a and u.k did in countries like guatemala , afghanistan and iran is disgusting . 
  america all by himself is pretty much responsible for the ayetullah 's of iran . 
  iraq ? 
  the difference between us and russia is that one directly invades and the other uses it 's intelligence agencies to prop up movements , motives , agents and then acquire what the corporations want . 
  nothing brings civilization to savage , cannibal negros like some gunpowder do n't you agree old chap ? 
  i can have decent convos where i shit on the ottoman empire and turkey but to be honest most people just hate us cause they aint us i mean seriously bro , think , you are sitting in your palace all byzantine and shit , successor of rome , the birthplace of christianity , the source of classical literature and then some horse eating mongolians come from the steppes and then taint your pure majestic spartan blood and fuck their way into your gene pool and take your capital , the city of worlds desire while the only thing you have left is maps of greece b.c to fap to , and hans the repo man ringing your bell who you gon na blame ? 
  not pure ayran blue haired and yellow eyed greeks , its the fucking t * rks m8, 
  sorry we arent up to your standards, 
   turks tainted oh look at the fucking turk so racist while we were all acting kind to them,
