  i would hope they learn after the machine keeps getting emptied for free over and over and over again . 
  yes ? 
  what else are you going to do in this example ? 
  what else can you do except making sure it doesnt happen again ? 
  maybe i 'm just not psychotic enough to consider hunting down and murdering all the perps for a few dollars from a vending machine , which i lost because i did n't actually secure it . 
  yep , no way they are killing ie because they ` only ' have the second biggest market share . 
  corporations ! = government . 
  buying info from fb and google etc means they gathered it , not the government . 
  why do they have to have lied on the test to kick them out ? 
  i would think becoming a terrorist would be reason enough on its own . 
  on purpose , else they would be real italian designer clothes . . 
  i do like that little message the governor put on there , really makes me have faith in the currency . 
  why should they ? 
  because your text book said so ? 
  real life is likely a lot more complex than the models from your books . 
  stop giving these kids attention . 
  you need to find 2 plants with the property restore magicka . 
  then craft a level 3 potion with them . 
  and all you have to say is that it will cost them a lot of money to receive the answers and they 're in !, 
  now imagine the size of their paws and claws . 
  so how many times has this been ` fixed ' now ? 
  great if it actually works but i 'm a bit sceptical at this point, 
  sounds like i will have to play some usf4 tonight then !, 
  after the upgrade from ae to ultra it just has n't been the same fun with the absurd lag . 
  from the replies to my comment it seems that now i will be able to enjoy some sf4 again . 
  that 's like saying cancer treatment should n't be made easy , or else everyone with cancer would want therapy . 
  if someone wants to abort that badly or has to ( for whatever reason ) , i do n't see why it would have to be as miserable as possible . 
  if your wife were to need an abortion ( or a miscarriage later ) , would n't you want it to be as pleasant as possible instead of hell ? 
  abortion is just a medical procedure like any other , not some kind of satanistic ritual to sacrifice unborn . 
  because to you abortion isnt a medical procedure , but a satan worshipping baby sacrificing ritual . 
  there 's no changing your view , at least i tried helping . 
  i feel sorry for your wife if she ever has to have an abortion . 
  though by the sound of it you would rather she dies giving birth . 
  but that is a problem with the women who are aborting their children , not with the procedure itself . 
  it 's like banning alcohol just because some people abuse it . 
  ` because some people abuse it , we should make it horrible for everyone ' . 
  how about sending people who abort child after child to a psychologist instead of banning abortion for everyone because some women abuse it . 
  do you not see that there are legitimate reasons to have abortions also ? 
  by saying that everyone who aborts their children sees them as a disease you are just completely ignorant . 
  but there is no reasoning with you people . 
  whatever anyone can say ( even the most well spoken people in the world ) you will never change your view . 
  instead of saying anything productive all you guys have said is : you are wrong , try again ( especially the other guy which you seem to be in bed with ) . 
  in retrospect i should n't have wasted my time on this bullshit . 
  seriously , it gets infuriating . 
  you people just completely ignore the fact that abortion can be a legitimate option . 
  that 's why i assumed the other guy would rather let his wife die than take an abortion . 
  ` all abortion is bad because some ridiculous teens in my fucked up country abuse it and because god said so ' . 
  yeah , that argument is totally better than mine . 
  you are technically correct . 
  but i feel like the media would use the more impressive and attention grabbing number if they could . 
  ie if it was the biggest of all time they would say so and not say the biggest in the last 2 years . 
  copied from the other guy i replied to because i thought you might want to see it . 
  but you will probably reply with extreme edge again : ` you 're wrong try again ' < -- best argument of all time . 
  meanwhile your assumptions are even more outrageous and insane than mine . 
  but that is a problem with the women who are aborting their children , not with the procedure itself . 
  it 's like banning alcohol just because some people abuse it . 
  ` because some people abuse it , we should make it horrible for everyone ' . 
  how about sending people who abort child after child to a psychologist instead of banning abortion for everyone because some women abuse it . 
  do you not see that there are legitimate reasons to have abortions also ? 
  by saying that everyone who aborts their children sees them as a disease you are just completely ignorant . 
  but there is no reasoning with you people . 
  whatever anyone can say ( even the most well spoken people in the world ) you will never change your view . 
  instead of saying anything productive all you guys have said is : you are wrong , try again ( especially the other guy which you seem to be in bed with ) . 
  in retrospect i should n't have wasted my time on this bullshit . 
  seriously , it gets infuriating . 
  you people just completely ignore the fact that abortion can be a legitimate option . 
  that 's why i assumed the other guy would rather let his wife die than take an abortion . 
  ` all abortion is bad because some ridiculous teens in my fucked up country abuse it and because god said so ' . 
  yeah , that argument is totally better than mine . 
  you are making no argument . 
  try again . 
  literally all you have said is : try again . 
  there is no way you arent trolling or you must be the most autistic person alive . 
  he 's using the blunt side . 
  if you look closely it seems to be completely flat on that side . 
  so it 's practically a hammer with probably more area than your average hammer . 
  depends on the situation . 
  not everyone is in a position to turn down job offers because they want more money . 
  if i had to choose between getting evicted and living on the streets vs working at pizza hut for minimum wage i would probably be desperate enough to take the offer . 
  is the answer 4/3 * train length or did i think too simply ? 
  i could post the reasoning if anyone is interested . 
  i think it 's a fun math problem . 
  i thought he was a cinemax dj . . 
  but they are a registered sex offender , so surely they must be a sex offender . 
  checkmate logic . 
  to be fair you were driving way too fucking fast , it does n't seem that ridiculous to me . 
  just to clarify . 
  you can also use a flash installation which is n't the built in one by going to chrome : / / plugins and disabling the built in one . 
  also did n't youtube go full on their html5 player now ? 
  what if they released sc on the 31st for this joke ? 
  same for me . 
  it has actually been interesting following the quests stories . 
  lol, 
  beardfilms !, 
  are they not different ? 
  in the past they were for sure , when on the public server a lot more stuff was banned for stability / griefing reasons than on their playthrough ( quarries for example i think ) . 
  the chat they are using is cross server , so i do n't see why they would have to have the same configuration on all servers . 
  and for me too . 
  last i read you have to opt in to the steam beta client . 
  settings -  account -  beta participation,
