  before mindlessly continuing warmongering and killing without any thought . 
  i like how his `` office webcam '' is just a 5 minute youtube video of him acting cool in his office at some kind of artsy angle . 
  thats what the curvy = is for . 
  also saying 1 feet = 2 meters would make more people mad and would make no more sense than just approximating it . 
  what else are you supposed to do all day ? 
  that 's like saying walking is a spongebob reference because an episode of spongebob featured someone walking . 
  any reasonibg behind this ? 
  is it because intelligent and critical people would say no to all the bullshit where the herd just follows without question ? 
  if it were cops could always bust down any door if people refuse to open ( which they have a right to if the cops have no warrant . ), 
  it 's the worst publicly traded companies , as stated in the article . 
  it 's just that the reddit titles are never ever accurate . 
  i 'm still not sure which earth is ... is it the gray dot just topleft of the sun ? 
   windmill in djursland , denmark is destructed . 
  the safety breaker has a malfunction and the storm makes the wings spin at a tremendous speed . 
  finally it brakes apart and the tower collapse, 
  from the youtube description . 
  is earth the bright shiny thing ? 
  i figured that was the sun . 
  if the bright shining thing is the earth then where is the sun ? 
  and why does the earth look like a star rather than a planet ? 
  or is that only because of the reflection of the sun . 
  \\* comments \\*, 
  you should check this out then !, 
  although for some of the maps it may be hard to grasp how hard it is what he is doing without having played it yourself . 
  got ta agree . 
  saying pregnant muslim women who drink coke exclusively is as relevant to religion as pregnant muslim women who fast is utter bs . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't help you if it does not work . 
  for the analog triggers you need to bind the combined analog brake/accel bind to r2 and it should automatically use l2 for brake . 
  for steering check which binds are normally used to bind say a and d to for keyboard and bind the buttons you want to those commands . 
  but tm does pick up your controller at all ? 
  otherwise make sure its wired ( no charge kit ) and update the drivers . 
  i 'm not sure they would care more because someone who has a tv show fishes there . 
  as long as they do n't get any money from it why would they care ? 
  well to be fair , the us has so much invested in its military , if they were just sitting at home doing nothing then it would all be for nothing . 
  so they continually have to make up excuses and reasons to keep going to war to actually make use of their investment . 
  i never said it was a fair thing . 
  but at this point if the usa suddenly stops making use of their army what are all these people employed there and all these people manufacturing weapons and stuff the army needs going to do ? 
  you act like being a geek and finding stuff fascinating is supposed to be mutually exclusive . 
  that basically sums up my viewpoint pretty well . 
  yeah but all these people will then be out of jobs in the hypothetical case that the us government suddenly just decides they are greatly reducing their military branch . 
  which will just result in more jobless people and lower wages . 
  well maybe you guys should make that known to your government ? 
  although i suppose good luck convincing them , they seem to be only looking for short term personal profit rather than long term stability for the nation . 
  but would n't that fall under blindly following orders ? 
  what if instead of sinking a yacht with two beautiful girls he ordered to bombard a suburb of some city ? 
  you could say that he has information that he ca n't tell to you but if he ca n't tell it to you then he might as well not have that information . 
  i 'm pretty sure they were n't going to be punished for being gypsies but rather for illegally staying on someone else 's properties . 
  gypsies can think they are super awesome all they want but they are n't above the law . 
  if you actually want to search and find stuff on reddit use google . 
  why does it have to be speech bubbles ? 
  the guy is thinking all that to himself nobody is talking . 
  yeah i was super confused as well . 
  also i thought the new gnat shot the old one in the final picture . . so nothing really made much sense to me ... all i could make up was ` oh the guy is so afraid of gnats while in reality they are fighting for dominance ' . 
  well are n't they basically bribes ? 
  in most other countries they would be seen as bribes but in the usa you guys seem to call it lobbying . 
  if a lobby gives the government straight up cash to pass a bill then they bribed the government . 
  just because you call it differently does n't mean it is n't the same . 
  over here lobbying consists of lobbies trying to convince the government their issue is important enough to care about , they do n't buy the government . 
  maybe some of them try to buy out the government but here that is considered bribery . 
  yeah i get the fact that it 's legal what they are doing , which is the main problem . 
  i know that here in the netherlands it comes from contribution from party members/backers , grants , donations and gifts from people within the party . 
  but here it 's not every man for himself as there 's a multitude of parties which campaign more or less as one entity , shoving forward their most prominent and important members usually . 
  but of course the netherlands can hardly be considered a major country , in 2010 all parties together apparently spent just under 9 million euros on campaigning . 
  colombia, 
  colombia, 
  colombia, 
  that statement in a vacuum should n't be so bad . 
  there has to always be one that is the wealthiest . 
  who would have thought freezing stuff prevents it from going bad ? 
  you 're a genius . . 
  also this one has a name scaring politicians to vote for it , because who would want to condone a surveilance state right ? 
  exactly !, 
  depends on how quick you want it to be . 
  for nvidia you have to open the control panel and click some stuff ( takes practically no time but some people have no patience for anything ) . 
  yea but will it allow me to select whether i want my laptop monitor or my second monitor to be the primary one ? 
  i ca n't test right now because i do n't have my secondary one here . 
  pretty cool still , never knew of that particular shortcut . 
  ( btw the right windows key works as well in case that was the reason you specified the left one ), 
  is this the actual proper way to do it ? 
  or are we just saying this because we like non karma whoring ops ? 
  there seem to be quite some accounts who like to do this thinking they 're trolling , but in reality they just waste their time . 
  that is how people are saying it though . 
  i 've heard the term noughties being used quite a bit already on television and the interwebs . 
  all these channels are mostly reality shows now ... 
  and most of them really suck as well and just seem like a quick cash grab from idiots . 
  but then they saw a true democracy was too much of a hassle and instead elected representatives . 
  can you imagine having to vote for everything that congress or whatever now votes on ? 
  yeah !, 
  god knows what would happen if this woodchipper , which is purely for display with no power whatsoever , were to suddenly begin chipping . 
  oh the horrors !, 
  much better !, 
  for a second i thought in your picture his arm was actually being shredded !, 
  it especially makes cleaning stuff more fun ( for me personally ) !, 
  because they did n't find anything more noteworthy apparently . 
  reminds me of how the dprk rewrites history as it best suits them . 
  but campgrounds :(, 
  depends on which cough medicine you get but a lot of them taste very nice . 
  mostly anise ( or however it 's spelt ) flavor as far as i know . 
  not really sure why that is since it encourages people to chug the stuff and trip balls . 
  at least you got coke with non corn sugar there , which supposedly tastes better ?
