  getting cycloned on cooldown every teamfight ... 
  ( i was n't the carry though but as long as the carry has no bkb it 's really annoying ), 
  except when you get aghs it turns from poor man 's demonic purge to omgwtf this ulti is so good . 
  sadly there 's not real rock everywhere though . 
  so i guess purge is a banana ?? 
  yhellowverybodythis ` spurge, 
  finish school, 
  xdxdxdxd, 
  so that 's res with the notification that goes something like : `` the link you are trying to post has already been posted ? '', 
  thought that was a standard reddit feature . . guess not :p, 
  i never seem to have that much mana issues with slark when i have just a magic wand and treads . 
  having someone with arcane boots on your team also helps but so long as you do n't spam a lot you should be fine . 
  i like how almost every comment has one or multiple edits expressing his displease with all the downvotes . 
  because he 's a moron dude ... 
  how can the one playing him not know which one is real ? 
  people seriously do n't keep their hero hotkeyed or use the built in ` select hero ' bind ? 
  unless you plan on just unbinding everything but then it will be more annoying than anything else . 
  this guy does n't seem to farm a whole lof of karma then . 
  considering this comment alone is over 50 % of his total karma . . 
  better make him a lurker . 
  let the new venomancer be an evolved version over the current hydra . 
  edit button !, 
  ( just raising awareness ), 
  luke !, 
  use the force , and run . 
  run to dagobah , run to dagobah, 
  5ms is what you get when you play a locally hosted bot game . 
  so i presume this was done on a locally hosted game . 
  most of the reddit apps i 've had ( 2 , to be exact ) let you edit by holding your finger on your post . 
  ( android , not sure about ios ) maybe this works for ur app too . 
  try going to dota 2 properties in steam and validate game cache, 
  not official . 
  you can use controllers for pc games ... quite nice for playing games that were meant to be played using analog input . 
  i 'm sure you can get away with less than 70 % air ... 
  they want big packaging for a lot of room for advertisement and shit, 
  well what about racing games and platformers and sports games . 
  all of these can be played on the pc yet they all play way better with a controller . 
  so not being very playable on keyboard and mouse would be the worst reason not to port it . 
  yeah ... you did put way too much time in this . 
  in a three dimensional graph the x axis is usually breadth , the y axis height and the z axis depth . 
  nope . 
  try testin this , if you cast a second nightmare the first one disappears . 
  to reddit obviously . . 
  i remember being in the same situation maybe a few weeks ago as well where if i casted a second nightmare the first one would disappear . 
  edit : i may actually go test this with bots, 
  you could use autohotkey to bind end or something that you do n't use close to the arrow keys to escape . 
  racist, 
  i did notice how qpad let him play brewmaster a couple of times . 
  i do feel like coming from a sc2 background he would make a good brewmaster player ( and other micro intensive heroes ), 
  yea no clue how they can claim that . 
  computers today can easily do billions of operations per second already . 
  the order of magnitude is just completely wrong there . 
  good explanation and do n't know how i got calculations and operations confused . 
  i 've seen it posted there at least once already . 
  so you 're telling me cyborgmatt was gaben all along ? 
  confirming that huskar is in no way a carry . 
  then ok, 
  oh really, 
  i think he is kidding ... at least i hope he is . 
  you are a good guy . 
  i use gimp on windows : o, 
  great free alternative for photoshop, 
  but surely science can make it turn back to normal again when it dries . 
  but that would ruin his cover , would it not ? 
  yea reddit is always there to ruin your food :(, 
  stacking cups . 
  shit taker reporting in as well . 
  nice try african, 
  dude but he 's a magic carp not just an ordinary one, 
  something something sealer ? 
  something something !, 
  u wot, 
  i think torch = flashlight . 
  at least in this case . 
  new ball ? 
  new ball . 
  / r/makemeagif, 
  missed that part somehow . 
  you can always use a pen and paper while drafting !, 
  sure it could be implemented but would it really add that much ? 
  the leader would have to manually assign all lanes anyway distracting from the actual drafting . 
  i think another option besides blurring would be that the photograph was taken with a potato in bad lighting . 
  source : i have owned a lot of potatoes and they can easily achieve this tier of shitty quality with adequate shitty lighting, 
  maybe you are just the ( un ) luckiest man alive ? 
  / r/makemeagif, 
  his true true form, 
  that 's pretty irrelevant to the point the guy above you was trying to make . 
  just saying, 
  sharp observation, 
  as far as i understand it it 's forced . 
  it 's almost as if google does n't want users rating apps ... 
  i 'd think they make a fair bunch of money selling weed to tobi ... 
  that is amazing . 
  so little effort for such great footage . 
  i imagine this technology would become mainstream for movies and whatnot quite fast . 
  ca n't you still achieve true multithreading by using multiple processes though ? 
  i guess this technically is true yes . 
  but by using multiple processes ca n't you basically achieve the same effect as multithreading if you just start multiple worker processes using the same resource ? 
  although i guess they then might all seperately load the resource into memory ? 
  is there no way to share memory between processes in current os 's ?
