  but that may just be me, 
  i 've always seen the sylla true form as a feature rather than a bug . . 
  well technically he said any skill . 
  still that is n't correct but nor is your counter argument . 
  yes it seems i see drows quite often lacking any substantial amount of farm and having quite a bad time in the early game but still coming on out on top . 
  mainly due to the passive agi of course but also the push from her passive gets really out of hand , it 's like there 's a mega range creep pushing with every wave . 
  maybe a throwaway for added dramatic effect . 
  it burns !, 
  in wc3dota i 'd assume so because it 's thesame principle as with the gem . 
  why should all christians go wtf about this ? 
  ca n't they just ignore it and/or let others have their own perspective on life . 
  i get that the reason for this is that in dota 1 backtrack was implemented as an instant heal equal to the damage you take . 
  does this also mean that if in dota 1 i laguna blade a void with 100 hp and he backtracks he dies but if i do it in dota 2 he lives ? 
  ( because in dota 1 he would lose the hp and thus die before getting healed up again ), 
  actually pseudo random chance was added to coup de grace and i heard some things about it already being implemented for crystalis/daedalus before last patch ... not sure on that last thing though . 
  i would n't call wearing a `` jesus is a cunt '' shirt shoving `` our '' ( i suppose you mean people who do n't believe ? ), 
  doctrine ( do n't really think it is a doctrine but going with the word since it gets the point across and my english is n't amazing ) down your throat . 
  if i see someone wearing a necklace with a cross or whatever or a shirt with jesus is amazing i just ignore it and let him/her believe whatever he/she wants . 
  also your second sentence , not quite sure i understand what you are talking about ... what do you mean by using apathy as a primary action ? 
  `` before i check out the options menu i better make a post on reddit asking what the options are '' - op, 
  but beastmaster !, 
  yep . 
  stack those auras and go early 5 man doto push/teamfight strat . 
  they will have no answer for the huge damage and teamfight/push oriented team . 
  so how exactly is this relevant to playing warlock mid ? 
  nope it is undefined . 
  circlejerk, 
  to kneel in a circle with others and pleasure oneself . 
  also refers to a pompous , self-congratulatory discussion where little to no progress is made . 
  `` i just walked in on a circlejerk yesterday ; it was terrible ! '', 
  `` did you catch that board meeting ? 
  man , what a circlejerk ! '', 
  i 'm pretty sure that you ca n't say x/0 = infinite but rather x/0 is undefined . 
  in your example you ca n't take 20 things and divide them into groups of zero because if you say make an infinite groups of zero you still have those 20 things . 
  the way i learned it is if you take the limit of a/b with b -  0 + it is + infinite and if you take the limit of a/b with b -  0 - it is - infinite . 
  if you take the limit of a/b with b -  0 the limit is undefined . 
  i actually encountered a similar bug in one of my pubs tonight . 
  in one of the lanes i encountered an invisible dire creep ( as radiant ) . 
  its health bar seemed to be floating next to where i could select the creep . 
  it was weird ... 
  well maybe he is . 
  item slot 2 ( always boots for me or maybe tangos or w/e before that . ), 
  thing is right now they just use all their stuns/nukes on 1 person which they can get their hands on the first and then instant kill him . 
  after that everything is on cooldown and they get cleaned up by the other 4 . 
  well even in full 3v3/4v4/5v5 situations which do occur in bot games the bots unleash all their powers upon one player which just dies instantly while the other players there kill all the bots without taking too much damage since all stuns and nukes are on cooldown . 
  omg mine is 55 % so i must be better than dendi now right op ? 
  so what you are saying is ar isnt for everyone . 
  doesnt mean people who want to play it should not be able to . 
  is n't the complexity part of the fun ? 
  once you are familiar with most of the ins and outs of dota that is . 
  for attack motion i think centaur 's return damage comes before the projectile even comes out . 
  ( so right after [ attack motion ] ), 
  well it does give the skill its own uniqueness . 
  you just should n't right click him if you do n't intend on actually hitting him . 
  waait what does riot or league of legends skins and their prices even have to do with this in any way ? 
  edit button !, 
  in conclusion : sd is awesome and super cute !, 
  bull, 
  well to be fair you do n't even have to buy the skin so the analogy does n't really make sense . 
  you do n't need to buy the ` overpriced ' skin if you do n't want to . 
  the alternative in lol is using the default skin rather than a paid skin . 
  you may want to finish reading the op next time you post a reply . 
  what glorious coincidence !, 
  totally relevant . 
  ( just like this post, 
  is all manga read from right to left ? 
  yes he still is disabled . 
  i 'm thinking icefrog may ( re ) enable drow , silencer , centaur and slark for cm with the 6.77 patch . 
  well seeing as all those 4 heroes are already in dota 1 cm ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) i do n't expect drow/silencer to be out of dota 2 cm for very long . 
  which is why i think a good timing to re enable them is after the next round of changes . 
  nice !, 
  someone should x-post this to / r/gaming i 'm sure it would be appreciated . 
  yes the quickbuy and sticky buy keys are probably overlooked by a lot of players but really helped me to play more efficient . 
  you just shift-click whatever you want to buy next when you have some downtime and then you can quickbuy should you want to buy some stuff right before you die . 
  sticky buy for tp is also really nice since you can buy a tp at the click of a button . 
  insert joke relating to the movie ` inception ' here, 
  someone should make a warcraft iii map with wc3 gameplay in dota 2 , now that would be interesting . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can easily create a console script to automatically invoke spells . 
  you can do more with the console than simply setting some setting 's value . 
  yes but these invoker ` macros ' people were referring to are in fact just config files containing a series of console commands to have invoker 's spells bound to different keys iirc . 
  you do n't need a third party program to do that . 
  i 'm sure most people downvoted you for crying about getting downvotes . 
  there is no need ever for anyone to edit to complain about up/downvotes it just makes you look like some karmawhoring piece of ass . 
  happy cakeday !, 
  omg i 'd instantly buy morgan freeman announcer : o, 
  yes it is . 
  tranquil boots soul ring for massive spammage . 
  to give both tiny and you infinite mana ( ie ), 
  also jungle kotl with soul ring tranquil goes pretty fast if u stack . 
  what about blizzard allstars ? 
  trackmania nations forever ? 
  but her ultimate is lightning man ... 
  i like to stack both hardcamps with chen and a creep to clear them later with a tornado . 
  just finished a game and poor alchemist was the only one cheering ) :, 
  if he stands in la only people in that instance at that moment will know . 
  you can also make eidolons out of eidolons in a normal game . 
  there is a window of time where you can cast it again while your eidolons are still live . 
  useful if you want to do a slow but sneaky solo rosh with your eidolons for example . 
  for the dt map i also did n't like the fog that was always lingering around at the edges of view . 
  this on the other hand does indeed look sexy as hell !,
