  iirc in germany porn that features 18 + actors who purposely look younger than 18 is illegal even . 
  i have no further details . 
  i just remember that i always see this in the rules for forums based in germany . 
  maybe in the us with a standard serving of 2 litres, 
  i do n't tend to swing my arms much while walking and after long times of walking i get some lower back pain ( nothing major ) . 
  will see if swinging my arms more will help me out . 
  i do n't not swing them but i sometimes barely swing them or have 1 or two hands on my pockets . 
  i do n't subconsciously like to swing my arms apparently . 
  or maybe i do and i just do n't pay attention to it . 
  not sure how you want it to be any better . 
  you realise these disney movies do n't play at 60 fps right ? 
  confirming that if there 's zero weather traffic jams are the best !, 
  i think op meant more like this : http://0.tqn.com/d/drawsketch/1/0/0/l/perspectivebrick5.jpg, 
  where the wall is mostly one color ( white in this case ) with some of the bricks highlighted but not all . 
  obviously just an example i could quickly find . 
  i imagine if you were to do this in minecraft you 'd want some kind of nice pattern . 
  it 's made of extremely heavy glass to make sure the bottle does n't float away when filled . 
  deh name is jimmeh, 
  i do n't know i have n't played dota 2 since a bit before skywrath mage and elder titan came out . 
  also when my speedtest shows 20 ping no packet loss 70mbit down and 10mbit up it is n't my connection twitch . . 
  comment . 
  yes check his comment history it 's fucking pathetic . 
  you 're a fucking pathetic douchebag . 
  go fucking kill yourself . 
  nobody likes you . 
  it is but most mods/admins are power hungry hitlerjugend . 
  where is / u/adds _ tiny_hats when you need him ? 
  batman !, 
  ok any source for this ? 
  the norm is to have your post be a link to the source rather than what you ( presumably ) did , namely taking an excerpt from the article and posting it . 
  / r/awesome, 
  what 's with the win win on the firefighters van ? 
  looks amazing . 
  will buy !, 
  the store page does n't seem to load for me now however : <, 
  edit : i 'm not dumb i had tried all the things . 
  it worked now for me see my post below . 
  got it now . 
  i guess the servers were just overloaded . 
  first it only gave me the option of using a creditcard but there was a tiny link to use paypal . 
  americans apparently ? 
  my guess is that this will happen after a while when big sets of cards ( expansions ? ), 
  come out at a time . 
  as of right now they 're probably prioritizing adding one or two or three or more new types , while adding a few new ones in general along the way . 
  then you have a nice base card set that will hopefully be somewhat balanced . 
  then they will maybe start adding expansions with seperate boosters . 
  1like = 1 god, 
  1 ignore = death, 
  this is google 's cache but it appears to be just the default page . 
  they are laundry holes !, 
  except you 'll probably be tasered and peppersprayed a fair bit in the 2nd case . 
  if not outright shot . 
  that will never happen . 
  maybe israel will call the unhcr antisemites or something but do n't expect them to do anything rational . 
  they can do whatever the fuck they want anyway because of all the usa money . 
  yes that 's how it works . 
  you think language has stayed the same for the past 6000 years ? 
  or however old you ignorant fuckers think the earth is . 
  there 's at least also a dutch official site and probably more . 
  with new episodes they get behind tho . 
  my guess is he meant the first one . 
  i guess you could read it as a p but to me its fairly obvious it 's an n. 
  i use this in my current order/energy deck . 
  it is full order except for 3 potion of resistances which only cost 1 energy . 
  minimal investment for an enchantment that complements my deck really well . 
  well reddit is stylised as reddit so . . yeah . . not sure why the reddit in the top left of / r/technology is capitalised lol . 
  7:2:1 distribution is what the wiki said . 
  but i 'm not sure if it 's still like that . 
  would make sense seeing as 10 packs guarantee a 7:2:1 distribution . 
  same for me i lost a card as well but then at the start of my turn i got it back + another drawn card as is normal . 
  edit : i actually just lost a card as i played it right at the 0 second mark i think . 
  it is n't on the field nor is it in my hand : s, 
  edit2 : got it back next turn . 
  so i lost a card during my own turn to clarify . 
  damn word benders . 
  in the future try clicking the source button below a comment if you are curious as to how someone did something . 
  it shows you the raw unformatted text . 
  they probably use millions of dollars of tax money per year to come up with these silly names . 
  they probably have to make up thousands of edgy acronyms per year . 
  bribing is illegal but lobbying is n't . 
  in practice it comes down to the same i guess . 
  it 's probably using your integrated card by default ? 
  try going to the nvidia configuration and forcing scrolls.exe to use the quadro gpu . 
  really ? 
  they removed all thrash cans as an extra fuck you towards citizens ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i once created a circle out of paper . 
  pretty sure i own the copyright to the mac pro now or whatever . 
  i 'm breaking the law and receiving tickets for it ... 
  whyyyyyyyyyyyy ??????????????? 
  god people are fucking retarded . 
  i 'm pretty sure anyone who really cares could blow up a bomb wherever they want to . 
  do n't see any reason besides fucking people over by basically ` forcing ' people to litter since a lot of people are n't going to hold on to their trash . 
  it is also really easy to hide it in a backpack , on your body , under your tophat , in your body , inside your stroller or your pockets . 
  so unless they want to have everyone be naked and force stomach pumps and enemas everywhere you ca n't really prevent people bringing bombs to places . 
  well if these so called terrorists really care i do n't see why if there 's no other option they would n't blow themselves up with the rest of the people . 
  they are probably going to guantanamo for a life full of torture anway so i 'd personally rather kill myself as well to get me some sweet virgins . 
  well you ca n't really seriously deny that op does n't come across as a huge ` bro ' douche by his wording . 
  nobody really finds it funny he 's just trying to come across as edgy for all his ` bros ' . 
  that 's because of a huge different in culture . 
  people there probably would n't dare dream about littering while i guess people in america in general do n't give a fuck .
