  it seems to be pretty glitchy . 
  i 've tried all audio options but actually lowering quality so that may do the trick . 
  the problem is that suddenly it stopped working . 
  if i appoint one of the triggers it does say z axis for pad 1 but then brake is just unbound or does n't work . 
  if i bind brake right trigger is brake instead of throttle and throttle does n't work . 
  it worked perfectly fine up until a couple of hours ago . 
  updated 360 pad drivers , rebooted everything and it still wo n't work . 
  so that 's why i suspected it had something to do with the maniaplanet update . 
  but i heard from other players in game that they have no problems with a 360 controller . 
  so i do n't really know what else i can try besides maybe reinstalling the game . 
  oh and i really ca n't play with a and b at all ( my preferred setup for buttons , i use x for score ) , i 've been playing tm on and off for years with triggers . 
  thanks !, 
  i think that will do it . 
  i knew this came up in a google query earlier but i forgot the name again and i thought this would allow me to bypass the fact that the game sees it as 1 axis . 
  i can play using a and b as throttle and brake . 
  but i 'd rather play with triggers as i 'm so used to it . 
  it 'll probably get hotfixed when they fix canyon as well and i 'm not in a rush . 
  maybe i can find some software with a way around . 
  i think they split the analog accel/brake bind in 2 seperate binds . 
  so now you can only have accel or brake bound to the z axis rather than both . 
  from the footage ive watched its definitely alpha , but has tons of potential and already looked like immense fun to me . 
  nigger, 
  lel literally this le gem is wha reddits is made for by gaben, 
  because the higher percentage are just lurkers . 
  no , and i think especially not when it is signed by all the pirate parties . 
  i do n't think they are taken too seriously . 
  ca n't he just kill you and say he feared for his life . 
  it 's his word against your ( dead ) word . 
  edit : spelling sucked ass , wrote this using my phone at first my bad . 
  can not and can not arent even the same . 
  can not implies that it is simply impossible while can not means it can not happen . 
  in an academical context at least . 
  doubt anyone else cares so much . 
  giving everyone the right to bear arms makes it a tad more crazy than a lot of developed european countries tho i feel like . 
  sure , i personally quite like what the pirate parties stand for and the petition looks great . 
  i just do n't think politics takes them too seriously sadly . 
  i know that here in the netherlands people are pretty jokey about it because of its unprofessional name . 
  ( at least in dutch pirate party makes it sound like they are a party of pirates who found a time travelling device . ), 
  which will ultimately be toggleable anyway , so i do n't see why there 's all the fuss . 
  even if , for some weird reason , it is n't toggleable by launch it should be added with a patch if all the hardcore mh fans want it . 
  ( it 's amazing ! ), 
  events ? 
  like online anger management classes ? 
  i 'm not really sure what you mean by events to raise rep. 
  o wow , i 've been using msi afterburner for years to downclock my laptop when some games run too hot . 
  i never knew i could also simply cap the fps this way . 
  thanks for this !, 
  that would be because his internet/computer sucks too hard to run the server . 
  yeah and what about the other companies that blocked donations , like paypal ? 
  i mean i guess they will just get away for free since they were likely ordered by the us government to stop block transactions to wikileaks . 
  redacted for what rules ? 
  i do n't see any rules in the sidebar . 
  some kind of censor going on here ? 
  in the nvidia control panel at ` manage 3d settings ' on the left you can force vsync for executables . 
  however i do n't think you can limit the fps to any number you want in the control panel . 
  not can you down/overclock your gpu in the control panel , which you can do in msi afterburner . 
  i know , but using msi afterburner you can limit it to any arbitrary number . 
  i have to keep cube world locked to 30 for now ( with a 60 hz monitor ) or else it will fry my laptop . 
  which i ca n't do using the nvidia control panel . 
  a lot of people here may not be aware . 
  i sure did n't think this was / r/geek until you mentioned it and i checked . 
  i heard this happens with  4 slot servers . 
  having more than 4 players supposedly makes the server unstable . 
  although it could still happen with 4 player servers i guess . 
  yeah , football is really popular in europe and i know tons of people enjoy their fm . 
  i myself tried it but i 'm not really into football so it was kind of meh . 
  but it is a really good team simulation game . 
  well you may have missed it but theres a ton of police and some paramedics right there in the fucking shot . 
  i 'm sure they do n't need another ` traumatized ' person walking in their way . 
  i set my sound quality to normal in the launcher options thingey . 
  i read on the forums that for some reason high audio quality should never be selected ( i guess it 's bugged out ? ) . 
  ever since changing it to normal i think it has been fine . 
  well this alpha version is basically the foundation where infinite amounts of content can be put in from now on . 
  or make them slightly bigger so you can see them without glueing your eyes to the screen . 
  the icons themselves are pretty straightforward . 
  except when you wear a beak shaped scary looking mask filled with garlic or some shit . 
  you should only be able to use skills once per turn unlesd otherwise stated so far . 
  you should use eugenics to create your own masterrace of shellless egg laying chickens !, 
  i think he removed the ip because he took it down . 
  but yeah there are n't a lot of public servers . 
  i managed to find 1 ip somewhere but the guys there were just leaving . 
  yay , we did it reddit !, 
  just 16 more downvotes and his karma will be completely destroyed . 
  seriously , i do n't get why everyone keeps calling him guile it 's so confusing !, 
  he looks sweet , they better add him with the new update . 
  any source for that ? 
  it sounds pretty funny . 
  edit : nvm found it instantly after posting this [ link ] ( http://www.p4rgaming.com/majority-of-gamers-today-cant-finish-level-1-in-super-mario-bros/ ), 
  ca n't believe people are so terrible at games . 
  the article is pretty worth a read . 
  sure , give it a shot . 
  probably a do n't know do n't / care option which is left out of the results . 
  as opposed to say those turtle species that all go to the same beach to lay eggs . 
  or salmon . 
  it 's a great alpha version . 
  they now have a great basis to add more and more content into the game . 
  what do the stat boosts do ? 
  iron spirit is bonus iron dmg and ice spirit ice dmg or something ? 
  just keep searching for small cave systems near mountains . 
  eventually you will find a big deposit .
