  would love an option to tone that down . 
  also as an expert i can verify your dick will freeze and fall off ... yeah ... 
  i 'm already wanting to give them too much money as is :(, 
  to be honest say you are driving formula one you better be focusing rather than laughing , crying , frowning and being surprised all over the place . 
  you can but a projectile cant fork and chain on 1 hit . 
  if you 're watching on your phone the browser might not support gifs . 
  i know the reddit app i use does n't support gifs in app so i always have to open them in my browser :(, 
  a very obscure paper fetish . 
  not even altered in an unnatural way but simply by reducing the space it has to grow . 
  about as natural as it gets . 
  slightly related . 
  my mom bought some chrismas apples which had some decoration and ` merry christmas ' on them . 
  was pretty nifty . 
  for a bot that should play trivia i really do n't see much viable alternatives to a search engine . 
  you ca n't just fish all the answers out of thin air . 
  so either a search engine or another vast knowledge database . 
  i know that one . 
  but personally i do n't put plants and animals in thesame category . 
  just a small stash protip :, 
  you can also switch tabs by using the left and right arrow keys . 
  now go forth !, 
  how do you know he 's 30 years old ? 
  he said three of the four are truths so he might as well be a wedded , pregnant and virgin man, 
  yea seriously . 
  people should just accept the fact that apparently nobody likes their post and not go complaining about it like a little whiny bitch . 
  that will only make it worse anyway and people will think you are retarded . 
  belts , rings , amulets and quivers all have this behaviour . 
  they all have relatively low required levels even though they may have a big item level . 
  a reasoning for this could be so that you can use high ilevel gear on new alts so that you can level quicker . 
  the itemlevel for these items still determines what rolls can be had so in the end the required level is pretty irrelevant and the itemlevel/roll are what matter . 
  ( itemlevel only in case you want to reroll so you know what the possibilities are ), 
  to be honest i did n't even care for what he said . 
  i just want people to stop editing their posts crying about receiving too many downvotes . 
  it serves no purpose at all and people only make themselves look like idiots . 
  just accept the fact that nobody apparently follows reddiquete and move on . 
  oops that was a stupid mistake . 
  thanks, 
  that is not what i 'm asking at all . 
  the reddiquette is fine but nobody is following it . 
  the guy goes on to complain that nobody is following it . 
  i am just the guy pointing out that there is no reason for that complaining and makes others value your post even worse . 
  my templars passive build is not perfect since i went in pretty much blind and i had to use all my refund points and some regrets already but it turned out ok ish . 
  maybe you can use it as inspiration though . 
  i 'm currently using light strike + chain + life leech + attack speed + added melee damage + blood magic . 
  and doublestrike + life leech + attack speed + added melee damage for single target . 
  i 'm using enduring cry with 5 maximum charges . 
  having 5 charges up and attacking usually keeps me alive pretty well and if i drop a bit in hp i use an armor flask to regen back up . 
  i can easily , albeit a bit slowly atm , solo lower level maps . 
  i just need to get some better offensive gear for some more damage and i should be all set . 
  i also currently lack + hp on a lot of my gear which i would like to have on nearly all my gear since i have a bit over +100 % bonus from the passives . 
  if you have any questions just reply , 
  yea it should n't work for tempest shield and molten shell because they do n't produce projectiles . 
  it should count for the light strike projectiles since they are in fact projectiles . 
  you could make the party private when 1-3 players join and do it with a couple of people . 
  it seems to me that the game failed to load an asset from the ggpk file . 
  you can try navigating to the path of exile installation folder probably here :, 
  c : \\ program files ( x86 ) \\ grinding gear games \\ path of exile, 
  then drag the ` content.ggpk ' on the ` pakcheck.exe ' . 
  i believe this application should check for missing files and possibly also fix it . 
  the original citizens are undying now, 
  i do n't think there can even be 7 in eqch difficulty . 
  the the way forward quest where you have to open the way from western forest and then talk to bestel for a skillpoint does n't exist in merciless . 
  yeah hes apparently your forgotten friend !, 
  cant let him down :-(, 
  the super best friends !, 
  you are the one making vegans look annoying by writing responses like this though . 
  are n't they caused by your immune system as well ? 
  at least partially . 
  itt : christians downvoting anything thats remotely negative towards religion . 
  it should be there . 
  its a tool made by the devs and should be downloaded by the patcher : s, 
  nope it doesnt exist, 
  have you actually even made it that far in the game yet ? 
  in game it clearly does n't show up in the quest log/map thing ( u ) on my templar which has done every quest . 
  it is also not in this list of quest rewards on merciless even though it is there on cruel and normal . 
  so either the wiki is wrong and my character is bugged somehow or it does n't exist . 
  what does this have to do with the atheism circlejerk ? 
  also i checked back and a lot less posts are downvoted than before so maybe it was just random but it seemed to me every post that was n't positive about religion got downvoted to hell . 
  yea i 'm not entirely sure what exactly it does . 
  i think what it does is it checks the content.ggpk file to check if it is complete . 
  maybe it gives a different output when it finds something missing . 
  when i ran it sometime it also just said checking for yadda yadda yadda and then closed so i 'm not sure . 
  so rarity has no effect either ? 
  hmm what to do today . . oh i know !, 
  `` better post my gmail on reddit , yea that seems like an awesome idea ! '', 
  this is how i got it working :, 
  make a copy of client.exe not named client.exe . 
  add this copy to the nvidia control panel manage 3d settings thing . 
  set it to use ur discrete card . 
  now if you run the shortcut it should still say it uses the integrated card ingame but it doesnt . 
  you 're almost begging to stab yourself in the face ... 
  to be honest , and i 'm by no means an expert , that does n't sound like ocd at all more like some form of paranoia . 
  oh reading it again i misread your question . 
  i thought you said rarity had no effect on equipment drops in maps as only the map quantity mattered, 
  i know it uses my discrete card because i have a little display enabled which displays in the tray bar . 
  if i hover over the icon it shows which applications are currently using the gpu . 
  you can probably enable this icon yourself by going to the nvidia control panel , then select the desktop drop down menu at the top and tick the ` display gpu activity icon in notification area ' option . 
  i find it useful for figuring out when a game is using the gpu and when it isnt . 
  yea all global critical strike chance/multipliers which do n't specify spell/attack/a weapon or anything apply to all attacks . 
  the specific chance/multipliers only apply to the specific type of attack/weapon .
