  this is in the gn4-lem range . 
  it 's like the first thing that comes to people 's minds when they get killed is that the guy must be cheating . 
  now that you mention it , i 've definitely seen more hackers in casual than in competitive . 
  better edgy than genuinely mistaking 2000 year old novels for fact . 
  are you just going around threads spamming the same joke over and over hoping for some pity karma ? 
  that 's why valve time is so slow : their months are 50 % longer . 
  eu : https://battle.net/recruit/xwlqkjw2h8?blzcmp=raf-hs&amp;s=hs&amp;m=pc, 
  so you ca n't ever concede not even on turn 20 + or something when it 's obvious you lost ? 
  just asking so i do n't screw up when i try to do this later . 
  having only recently started myself , the gold grind really is n't that bad ( compared to for example hearthstone ) . 
  just remember to reroll the low gold quests and if you get a few wins per day building up a small collection is n't so bad . 
  it helps a lot that there is no duplicates from packs . 
  also at the lower ranks of pvp i do n't see that many super optimal decks . 
  a lot of people including myself just play with self made ok-ish decks . 
  also stickying your own comments is a great pastime of mods these days . 
  then end up making a lot of edits because everyone calls you out on stickying your own shit post . 
  theres no reason for this post to be stuckat the top , yet here it is because mods ca n't get enough attention otherwise . 
  nice reading comprehension . 
  you can use adblock to block the item.game element . 
  at least on this page https://www.twitch.tv/directory it completely removes the game for me and leaves no empty space . 
  you must have been a stupid 10 year old, 
  it 's exactly like me playing dirt rally . 
  i 'm pretty sure almost all previous magic games had the option to always hold priority . 
  i 've played all the ones that are on steam casually and i really ca n't wrap my mind around why they have removed it for what is supposed to be the ` ultimate ' version out of all of them . 
  if they can technically do that then they probably do . 
  if you have n't blocked that subreddit yet you 're probably part of the problem by giving them more attention . 
  stop stickying your own comments nobody thinks you are funny . 
  power hungry abusive mods are n't funny . 
  tried the game yesterday for the first time in a long time . 
  while great it kept crashing after i closed it the first time . 
  this seems to have fixed my problem at least !, 
  the way it 's described reminds me of that [ picture ] ( https://typewritermonkeys.files.wordpress.com/2016/03/how-to-draw-an-owl.jpg?w=428 ) of how to draw an owl . 
  step 1 . have material, 
  step 2 . dip material in series of liquids, 
  step 3 . acquire magic material, 
  why do companies act like this ? 
  do they have directors who think that they know better than any of hundreds of thousands of players ? 
  players who play the game way more than they do ? 
  surely it would be profitable to hire someone to just rake through suggestions and find actual good ones . 
  i suppose it 's more about making the most money rather than making an actual good game . 
  zero tolerance for what ? 
  i ca n't see any kind of rules in the sidebar of the sort . 
  it ca n't be worse than that ripoff / r/meirl which is basically the same except the sidebar is a rant by the head mod about how bad the mods of / r/me _ irl are ( or at least it was a bit ago , i have n't revisited for this comment ) . 
  tom looks like a god in that thumbnail . 
  saw a bot stuck in the wall doinh a similar thing . 
  farming 3 bosses and mobs around it instantly . 
  he seemed to teleport between the bosses always hidden in walls . 
  are you playing on a wireless / otherwise unstable connection ? 
  i heard the game does n't play nice with bad connections that tend to disconnect for really short amount of times often . 
  are you disconnecting during loading ? 
  that 's the only place where it often happens to me but never more than once in a row . 
  otherwise i would n't really know , maybe someone on their official forum in the tech support section has an answer . 
  taslan is the best for mage and priest i think . 
  he gives cd reduction and magic dmg . 
  the item to tame him is pretty cheap on the ah . 
  shadowbound tome or something it 's called . 
  open this file :, 
  libraries \\ documents \\ icarus \\ user \\ userconfig \\ graphicoption.xml, 
  change these 2 lines :, 
  so it says dx11 : 1 and not dx9 : 1 . 
  then you have to set the file to read only , otherwise any change in settings in-game will reset it to dx9 . 
  so if you want to change graphics settings later u will have to remove the read-only and set it to dx11 again after . 
  not sure the difference is very noticable for me tho . 
  seems like the game depends more on cpu than gpu though . 
  priests should have no trouble with aggro . 
  the skill has no cd , drops 80 % aggro and i spam it all the time because it gives 3 motes with the lv35 talent . 
  i cant help u with any of ur actual questions though . 
  sure, 
  i have a 970 and a relatively weak cpu ( i think ? ), 
  i can run the game fine but especially in dungeons or during world bosses the fps is all over the place between 30 and 60 . 
  seems like it is never that great . 
  although i have n't experimented with all the settings on lowest or anything . 
  yeah i do n't think stage 3 recipes were properly added . 
  gathering is also still capped at 20 . 
  a nice way to make money early on is to make sure you tame as many familiars as possible everyday . 
  then you can seal them and sell them at the auction house . 
  you can make a few golds profit per cold tusk you tame for example . 
  at the later dungeons also be aware of equipment drops with good stats . 
  sell those for some nice profit too . 
  you do need elite seal stones . 
  they drop from dungeon bosses or you can buy them on the auction house . 
  they do require some up front investment ( costs about 2.5-3 .5 g lately ) but you can still sell the level 1 sealed cold tusk for easily over twice as much . 
  elite seal stones can be used to seal an elite familiar of any level . 
  for the common ones you can just buy the seal stones in the general shops . 
  then , a few weeks later , they can randomly replace it by a wow button . 
  i think ( not positive ) shining amethyst are a rare drop when mining amethyst nodes . 
  i think i 've seen reindeer meat drop from various deer . 
  try the deer in parna 's coast maybe . 
  i think it 's bugged , i 've read a thread on the official forum about this exact issue . 
  i think in my alliance of only 34/35 nobody even knew stage 4 crafting was unlocked because it does n't work . 
  it seems to only work for new characters for now . 
  set it in standby mode . 
  you can also tell it to move somewhere and it will stay there . 
  so during boss fights i just tell mine to wait outside, 
  i think ive had it bug out before . 
  are u sure the name is capitalised correctly ? 
  i think it might be case sensitive . 
  maybe u get this message too when the person is inside a solo instance . 
  an understatement . 
  not sure what any of that has to do with the country 's poverty ?
