  everyone on reddit is a professional cs go player , have n't you heard yet ? 
  the subreddit is intended for stuff that sounds completely insane without context , but makes sense with context . 
  it 's just that nobody seems to know this , but it really is there right in the side bar . 
  it 's not for posts that make no sense even with context . 
  and bashing a new player for not knowing all callouts the second he installs the game = douchebag . 
  they would definitely have to check them to keep the security circus look legit . 
  otherwise all of the ( zero ) terrorists would just roleplay as wheelchair-bound disabled . 
  look at his profile , he 's submitting way way way way way way way way more than 10 things every 24 hours . 
  probably because there is no practical reason to make something look ` advanced ' just for the sake of it . 
  if it works it works . 
  i think you could still pollinate manually . 
  maybe in the future you could use machines to do it more efficiently than bees can now . 
  by that logic it would n't see use in military planes either . 
  because those are actually supposed to be shot out of the sky as opposed to passenger planes . 
  if mh17 would 've been a military plane they would 've shot it down just as much . 
  is n't sex already automated by that logic ? 
  it 's bees and other insects who sex most plants as opposed to plants themselves . 
  but i think farms would be interested in automating it if it was cost efficient for them . 
  what if your style consistently produces code that 's impossible to read by anyone else ? 
  not exactly . 
  the spray patterns are n't 100 % the same every time , there is definitely some rng involved . 
  but the pattern is n't 100 % the same every time . 
  there is still some variance in every shot . 
  if you ever tried shooting a gun at a wall to look at the pattern you would notice that it is n't 100 % the same every time . 
  less than with your comment every thread . 
  your comment was objectively longer than his . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  at least i 'm not the one denying facts . 
  i do n't think this is necessarily faceits fault . 
  i also get rounds on normal mm where i ca n't buy with the mouse , however it only seems to last for 1 round for me . 
  because of the game 's artistical integrity or some bs . 
  i do n't want messages from 12 year old kids in my inbox anymore . 
  stop . 
  i think they could use candles or hourglasses ( and i 'm sure there were a lot of other smart methods ) to keep track of passed time pretty well . 
  / r/assontheglass nsfw, 
  it 's useful for a handful of useless internet points though . 
  two enters, 
  works as well . 
  although looking back at it there may be more space between my lines than between yours . 
  the wikipedia article claims some are real and some are fake . 
  not sure about the sequels , but i guess it 's the same deal . 
  the feeling is great !, 
  assembled my new beast yesterday and now i 'm playing gta5 on highest settings . 
  why would your external harddrive not allow . srt files ? 
  the easiest would probably be to put both the subtitles and the video on your parents ' ipad . 
  then use a video player which allows you to use subtitles ( surely there exists one on ios ) . 
  because the people making the decisions are n't among the millions whose lives will be ruined . 
  not if they add enough bad 2 cost cards, 
  ranked will happily start with any number of players . 
  it does n't care if there 's less than 6 in a 3v3 at all . 
  you should set the boot order to boot from usb or cd/dvd first before the hdd . 
  then it should be as simple as running the installer . 
  when i installed windows 10 it asked me the drive to install it on and did n't even acknowledge the other drive until i formatted it and made it a new partition in windows disk management . 
  windows key + x and select disk management from the menu that pops up . 
  alternatively you can right click on ` my computer ' and select manage , then select disk management from the left side of the screen that pops up . 
  otherwise google could help you more . 
  this honestly seems like a major oversight , together with the starting games with less than the required number of players ( and the laggy servers in europe at least ) . 
  all that is needed is something minor like a 5 minute waiting period , so that it is no longer benificial timewise to leave . 
  i 've never seen a taxi with a topper not like that . 
  funny how not everywhere in the world is the same am i right . 
  luckily this is n't really a problem outside of america ( or at least in europe ) . 
  pretty sure that was a joke because he sucked so much at the deck . 
  it 's not , because as soon as they do 1 rollback everyone will feel entitled to a rollback . 
  just because you do n't care about the government knowing everything about you does n't mean nobody cares about it . 
  who cares if the government knows that you are jewish or not ? 
  i really do n't care as much as you do , but what i do n't get is people who defend the government so much . 
  i do n't think the government needs to know everyone 's personal information as detailed as possible . 
  they just want to because they can . 
  i do n't give a fuck what the government knows about me , but i guess people like journalists or opposition politicians might have a bit more at stake . 
  you assume that because you do n't care that nobody cares , which is just plain wrong . 
  there are way too many different people for you to know every single one of them . 
  and you also assume that because i say that people who care exist that i care , another great assumption pulled out of your ass . 
  people also did n't think registering belief of faith was a big deal , until a government decided to exterminate all jews . 
  and now ( at least here ) the belief of faith is no longer registered by the government . 
  you never know what future crazies will do with the infinite amount of data they can have . 
  it is n't . 
  it just reads log files outputted by the game , the game has no way of detecting access to those files . 
  they would never be ok with accessing the game 's memory while it runs . 
  i run 1080p with a 970 and i5 4460 cpu with all settings maxed . 
  so far 20 hours in only noticed it drop below 60 once . 
  which was in the forest town during rain . 
  it unmelted from the flaming car . 
  and you are brainwashed by absurb patriotism . 
  i 'll take ` jealousy ' over blind patriotism . 
  i like how the only options are blind patriotism or extreme communism . 
  sure maybe economical and military wise its quite good . 
  but to say it is leading in culture and politics is just completely ignorant . 
  i would n't be so proud of the huge military focused industry myself , but you guys seem to like it a lot . 
  why is race even important ? 
  i guess it matters in murica though . 
  from a pebble you ca n't see under a thin layer of dirt ? 
  those toilets in france are just holes in the ground basically . 
  there is no seat to hover over . 
  if your motherboard supports wake on lan you can turn it on remotely . 
  the difference is that for russia it is not for all non-russian foreigners . 
  but for the eu it is for all non eu-foreigners . 
  they do n't hire employees just to browse the le reddit to ban maphackers in starcraft . 
  use google 's public dns servers instead of your isp 's . 
  you will have to google for it yourself , im on mobile . 
  found the murican,
