  there is just one you ( the person claiming god talks to him ) and he/him keeps referring to said god . 
  i agree that it could probably be split up into multiple sentences but come on man . 
  but tbh if you could n't even understand digital_ends original comment without some high quality english commentary on his comment by another redditor then i think you may be at fault here . 
  that makes sense . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i was indeed asking because when i grew up people would say that it was bad for you , but only if you took it to the extreme ( ie inking a big area of your hand like in the op ) . 
  you seriously need to take some reading classes lmao . 
  i never said you talked to god , the fucking guy in ops article talked to god . 
  but i guess nobody reads the article . 
  the original comment you replied to even talked about the guy talking to god in the article . 
  american education system at work here ? 
  i hope you are still in fucking high school or else it really is a real fucking sad state or affairs . 
  the line between a joke and making an ignorant/dumb statement seems to get more and more blurred here . 
  at least my mind can understand that when people say ` you ' they do n't always literally refer to me , the center of the universe : captmcallister . 
  you could try reading the sidebar . 
  yes i read it and it was helpful and no i wo n't do your reading for you, 
  ca n't you just check if the person who picks it up is the actual owner of the item ? 
  then only apply the agha effect if that is the case . 
  i know i 'm backseatprogramming but i thought the original item owner is already an attribute for items . 
  but disneys version is based on the originals . 
  so if you base yours off the original too there is bound to be a lot of similarities with the disney version . 
  they probably could get you if they wanted with their practically infinite resources . 
  but surely using the mri photo you can also view different slices of the tumor . 
  and it is open source too !, 
  this game is amazing . 
  have yet to really delve deep into it but from what i 've played of it it feels great . 
  looks like it . 
  seems like the bot posts some links it thinks are relevant by looking at the article titles . 
  i would n't classify football hooligans as tourists at any rate . 
  i 'm not sure this guy spent millions associating the sentence with him though . 
  i do n't even know who the guy is . 
  spoiler alert : not you , but this thread . 
  there could be strings attached without explicitly stating it . 
  just as an example say there is a revolt . 
  then the next time they wo n't give everyone the money ( ie you get money as long as you dont revolt ) . 
  just an example . 
  so you could get away by trademarking any arbitrary combination of words , as long as you run around outside screaming it in everyone 's faces ? 
  after that those people will surely associate it with you . 
  my example may seem far fetched but to be honest it seems far fetched to me that you can just trademark arbitrary sentences . 
  can you show me the document proving that they are shitting out ips as fast as they can ? 
  there is no way you can possibly know how long any game they make has been in development unless they explicitly said somewhere that it took them 2 weeks to make or something . 
  but for all we know they have worked on both ip for 10 years . 
  just because one gets released 6 months after the other , does n't mean the second one only took 6 months to make is all i 'm trying to say . 
  i did n't really think i was making an argument ( i was n't trying to i think ) . 
  all i was trying to say is that you ca n't assume a game is being rushed out just because of a short time between announcement and release . 
  you ca n't make a reasonable assumption about this if you do n't know how long a game has been in development . 
  some games will get announced years before release and others just weeks or months . 
  [ put 6 coins on either end of the scale . 
  keep the 6 on the side that is heavier and discard the other 6 . 
  [ now put 3 coins on either end of the scale . 
  again keep the 3 on the side that is heavier and discard the other 3 . 
  [ now put 1 coin on either side of the scale ( leaving 1 to the side ) . 
  if the scale is balanced the coin off to the side is the heavier one , else it 's the coin on the heavier side . 
  so that gives truckers a license to drive more dangerously in a city ? 
  it just seems really ignorant to endanger everyone else on the road because you know that you are 100 % fine because you are driving a tank around . 
  oh , totally misread the question then somehow ... already thought it was straightforward . 
  just ignore me then . 
  also there 's probably only a flow of electricity through the charger if there is something connected to it . 
  ie not 24/7, 
  from his small comment it sounds to me like the persons asking those questions are looking for `` access to children '' . 
  maybe letting the police know these people are looking for `` access to children '' is a good option . 
  but if you charge your tablet for 24 hours continuously it will only be actually charging and drawing power for a lot less time than that . 
  the peak wattage when actually charging is probably a lot higher than the 24 hour average . 
  why would you go to this school owner and ask him if he has access to children though ? 
  i guess i just really ca n't see a legitimate reason to ask this ( maybe it is because the wording seems so off to me ) to someone unless you were looking for `` access '' . 
  on the other hand i can see a legitimate reason for this guy owning a school . 
  still do n't see what the parents would be trying to achieve in that case . 
  probably just creeps the owner out and if anything they will just leave some kind of paranoid / strange impression . 
  it 's probably just me though , but the whole scenario just seems so insane to me that i have trouble making sense of it . 
  it seems everyone else thinks its perfectly normal to ask people working at schools with children ( having literal access to children ) if they have `` access to children '' . 
  well i guess the op was also freaked out about it . 
  thanks for the responses though . 
  i understood that part but still think the parents who do that just come off as really fucking weird . 
  of course he has literal access to the children if he owns the preschool . 
  and i guess he could be a pedo but `` subtly '' asking him seems one of the worst ways to find out . 
  maybe getting to know him better as a person will give you more info on his pedo status . 
  i like trials !, 
  but you are spreading that shit . 
  the whole gif you posted is based on that shit . 
  something wrong with normal priority ad ? 
  i like trials !, 
  you like trials !, 
  we like trials !, 
  dae all black americans are african, 
  if all else fails you can always completely uninstall and reinstall steam . 
  you can keep the folders with data from your other games in it so you do n't have to redownload all your other games . 
  cool map man . 
  had fun playing it on i think your server a while back !, 
  would n't it have to say ` alleged ' for it to mean that ? 
  he 's trying to subtly say that he can see that the guy is black . 
  somehow he correlates that with him murdering people . 
  i like trials !, 
  actually the day after he resigned i heard on the radio that some municipality was going to experiment with permits for legal weed growing businesses . 
  it might also be related to the guy resigning . 
  i would assume by leaving space blank rows of unzoned area between the 2x2 residential zones . 
  so you end up with a lot of 2x2 zones instead of bigger ones . 
  they did n't break solidum there . 
  the s on the previous line is the s at the end of zonino 's name . 
  there is a ( vague ) s at the start of the bottom line too . 
  maybe they should actually change the factory default password then .
