  it 's just that nobody really gives all that much fucks about `` fashion '' . 
  it 's not italy . 
  as the owner of a low end android phone which can barely render anything on a 2.4 '' screen i can see how this is a bad idea . 
  frankerz = woofer z ( no space ), 
  wow this is like the third time i see this picture but i never noticed that . 
  that 's awesome . 
  in the netherlands ? 
  never saw any of what you described but that may just be me . 
  i think this looks like it because they seem to be white lights rather than the ( afaik more standard ) sodium lights . 
   / r/trees, 
  [ relevant comment . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/1grnkt/the_sub_is_becoming_too_much_of_a_circle_jerk_im/canfx98 ), 
  soon the martians . 
  any game, 
  i would flee if i can choose between life in guantanamo without trial or hope for a free life . 
  i thought all commies were your arch nemesis ? 
  you realise filtering allahu ackbar would be like filtering oh my god right ? 
  not trying to stop your kill durr terrorist commies with freedom circlejerk here , just trying to educate some of you people . 
  how high is the interest of the average american though ? 
  from what i have heard people say nobody really seems to care because `` they have nothing to hide . '' . 
  the us govt can just wait until the people do n't care any more and then have a quick trial maybe even . 
  it 's not like the media is helping generate an interest for him . 
  to the avg american i 'm pretty sure snowden is just a `` commie '' traitor . 
  kimd of like that sp episode except instead of stealing a diamond he stole all data ever . 
  you should watch the `` life in the undergrowth '' documentary series . 
  ( narrated by attenborough of course ) . 
  just finished watching them yesterday and it was amazing . 
  your comment just made it sound to me like you thought allahu ackbar was some terrorist catch phrase . 
  i know it totally blew my mind how a game could be that awesome back when i played it all the time . 
  that 'd probably work . 
  americans love drama . 
  `` we 're in power and you 're not . 
  therefore only we know what 's best . 
  we 're the shit . 
  right . 
  this guy gets downvoted while the exact same comments and more are at the top of the thread . 
  just because some jerk wanted to be so edgy . 
  may be a shock to you but not everyone 's mind at age 90 will still work as if it 's just come out of the box . 
  get your tinfoil hats here !, 
  only $ 5 , - . 
  is that supposed to be some kind of free version of photoshop ? 
  if so try gimp 2 . 
  i personally like it a lot . 
  yeah i imagine doubling the number of updates would double the bandwidth usage as well . 
  indeed and please do . 
  it will be so meta it will blow our minds . 
  except the governments actions of course right ? 
  they can do whatever they want whenever they want . 
  i 'm curious as to how fucked up the usa will be in a year or 10 if nobody stops their government from doing anything . 
  people like you are fucking dicks though . 
  trying to validate the american warmachine go on a rampage in one country after the other for personal gain . 
  and muslims eer i mean terrorists . 
  i 'm pretty sure christianity would consider gunning down unarmed civilians in a huge massacre a sin . 
  just because it happens in a war you started does n't make it ok . 
  why would they go to war if it was n't in the governments personal interest ? 
  it 's the same with the usa trying to get some oil out of the middle east . 
  at this point i wouldnt even be surprised if american oil giants lobbied for the wars in the middle east . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 're not looking for uneducated american immigrants but thanks for the offer . 
  maybe that is because there is no threat of terrorist attacks ? 
  honestly , around the world in first world countries how many terrorist attacks are there per year ? 
  probably not a whole lot . 
  9-11 just happened to happen and your government took full advantage of it declaring the war on the musl - terrorists . 
  that 's not what i was saying at all . 
  i was saying that the guy above me is just acting like millions of innocents did n't die in vietnam due to the war the usa started . 
  he was - you could say - `` trying to validate the american warmachine going on a rampage in one country after the other '' . 
  i guess i was personifying the government but i meant benefits for the government . 
  which were probably also a lot of personal benefits considering the amount of people that appear to be in your government with ties to industry and stuff . 
  all the people connected with weapon manufacturing must 've gotten rich beyond their wildest dreams . 
  right because this is a us only exclusive event right ? 
  the rest of the world is devoid of lgbt communities . 
  nice ignorance again . 
  stop caring about karma and you may actually enjoy being on reddit . 
  edit : and i see how my syntax lost you . 
  thank god my mother is n't american . 
  http://www.amsterdamgaypride.nl/ and many more around the world . 
  ( not just in the usa ) . 
  americans just have to stop acting like the entire universe revolves around them . 
  edit : just for you : http://helsinkipride.fi/ and it starts today so if you have nothing better to do ... 
  at least reddit is n't influencing a people on a massive scale with it . 
  does n't that really come down to which movie it is ? 
  i have n't been to the cinema in years but children have never been an issue . 
  they specifically mentioned that they created scrolls with a digital platform as it 's main platform in mind . 
  so they can basically modify anything at any point which is great . 
  not possible with other tcgs which we 're originally designed for real life . 
  your point being ? 
  at least you can just fly over traffic jams . 
  or just go off-road and pretend you are a helicopter . 
  nice try , dad . 
  but i wo n't fall for your silly internet pranks . 
  yes for dreamhacks you will mostly only find vods for the games on the channels they were streamed on as far as i know . 
  sometimes some of them are put on youtube , ( i remember watching some quake from dh on youtube at some point at least ) but that depends on who hosted the tournament . 
  i would guess not . 
  the game would be really clumsy to play in real life with having to keep track of cooldowns . 
  but i guess they could always do some just because it would be cool to have some scrolls in real life . 
  yeah . 
  i mean if the us did n't want this to happen they should n't have signed the agreement the way it was . 
  you would think someone attempting this would start with a non-lethal dose . 
  you know , since the whole point of this is to supposedly build up immunity which you do n't have at the start . 
  they do n't have to let players in to the critical code if they provide a modding api with everything that is needed for modding . 
  yeah but if it 's not in the agreement they signed then ecuador does n't have to do anything for the us .
