  just because it looks cool . 
  download some more ram, 
  iirc correct it was an aoe tar field . 
  if you hit someone with a rocket while hes in the tar the tar would catch fire and do a dot . 
  the misseles were skillshots too a la potm arrow but faster . 
  really cool magic bursty hero . 
  for me personally this . 
  where i live we are very tolerant to gays and nobody really uses gay/faggot as a homophobic statement and even less are offended by it . 
  i 'll have to agree with america overreacting to stuff like this . 
  seems odd to me that they would only do those 2 as they are pretty close together . 
  leaving the rest of the year without special events . 
  seems odd to me that they would only do those 2 as they are pretty close together . 
  leaving the rest of the year without special events . 
  it 's not even funny though . 
  it 's just retarded and not what those forums are meant for . 
  you can reconnect really quickly just by typing ` disconnect ' in the console and then reconnecting . 
  takes me less than 30 seconds usually ( if i do n't crash upon the disconnect which happens occasionally ) . 
  ah that 's correct now that you mention it . 
  i only had it myself once or twice in about 500 games so not too sure . 
  you can only have 1 nightmare active at any point though sadly . 
  yea i have n't tried that yet which is why i did n't mention it . 
  i 'd assume it works fine though . 
  i 'm just afraid of large bodies of water in general . 
  ( it 's called an unrational phobia ( although i guess by definition phobias are always unrational ) ), 
  you assume these 5 stackers are better while they should be worse . 
  seeing as how matchmaking will rate stacks slightly higher to compensate . 
  the reason they win so much is because of way superior communication and team play . 
  your brother and / or sister ? 
  how about asking them if you can have it once they do n't use it no more , rather than them throwing it away . 
  also enigma . 
  if he does a multi hero snowball when you have blink you get a free black hole . 
  * insert relevant aggressive sounding comment *, 
  i imagine because then they are out of your vehicle . 
  for viper i really enjoy quickly farming up magic wand , treads , mek and aghanim . 
  at that point you are a monster and can just go around the map killing everyone with always having ulti and being super tanky for that point in the game . 
  dota_range_display x, 
  bind y `` dota_range_display x '', 
  well technically nightstalker 's upgrade has nothing to do with his ult directly . 
  just gives him flying ~ ~ true ~ ~ vision during night . 
  edit : oops, 
  my bad . 
  for some reason my brain thought it was standard because you usually want to pick up a gem . 
  the ` dota_range_display x ' command creates a circle around your hero at x units range . 
  so for example if you type ` dota_range_display 1200 ' in the console you will have a circle at blink dagger and xp range around your hero . 
  you can do some more elaborate binding , preferably in an autoexec.cfg file , which lets you do these things . 
  just have a search or maybe someone can elaborate ( i 'm kind of busy atm so maybe i will later ) on how to do it . 
  it 's not in sd because that 's the whole point of the mode . 
  everyone gets 1 str 1 agi 1 int and has to pick one of those . 
  but the devil mang !, 
  he 's gon na get you :(, 
  at 5 stacks he seems about as big as sven . 
  i do n't perceive sven as a particularly small hero . 
  dota 2 requires like a whopping 15kb-ish down at most and even less uplink speed while playing . 
  unless you mean downloadimg the game would take weeks all that matters is latency . 
  the in-game net_graph indicator is a bit on the low side then . 
  i really enjoy soul ring . 
  gives you just that much more mana because you can use it after every rearm . 
  everything is based on that . 
  even dots do less damage when bb has his back towards the caster . 
  tinker 's march does n't do composite but still damages ancients, 
  ( wiki says it deals universal damage which apparently only doom , midnight pulse and march deal ), 
  right now you can also interpret it as a stupid thread which is posted weekly where people ask questions . 
  no tidehunter yes razer, 
  that 's a lot of patricks inside each other ... 
  i do n't know shit about guns but would n't they leave safety on for the most part to prevent accidental firing ? 
  i have seemingly random heroes turn completely invisible at random times during the game . 
  not that often but if it happens it usually happens multiple times / to multiple heroes in the same game . 
  there are way more serious issues with the game as of now . 
  it would heat up until its combustion point and then catch fire i presume . 
  the gasoline that 's on fire is n't frozen any more though . 
  so i guess to directly answer your question it 's impossible to set frozen gasoline on fire . 
  it 's just a static gif though . 
  also it 's interesting to me how they seem to avoid the brightest spots on the wall . 
  those 2 bright spots on the left and right down ish side of the lamp definitely seem to have a lower density of bugs sitting there . 
  hotd and mask . . 
  seems legit, 
  why the qb ? 
  like the poster above you said omni gives bb more time to survive and do damage . 
  the longer bb will be alive the more spamming he can do . 
  it should because it 's physical dmg . 
  yea , i checked using gif explode : , 
  it 's that long ? 
  i also always saw people mention how it was really short . 
  but you say you have to start transforming before the projectile is fired ? 
  here you can see ld dodging a venge stun that appears to be fired before ld starts transforming . 
  so say you create a macro spamming splitshot toggle as fast as possible . 
  would that grant medusa near invulnerability ? 
  all aboard the negative karma train !!, 
  yea i feel like all he needed was to actually adjust the color of his own face to match that of the original and it would be purrfect . 
  there are definitely apps out there that let you write using your finger or a stylus on the touchscreen . 
  ( as i found out doing a quick google search ), 
  here is a quick collection i found : http://appadvice.com/appguides/show/handwriting-apps-for-ipad, 
  and a review of styluses i found : http://www.theverge.com/2012/4/10/2925937/best-stylus-ipad-review, 
  but you should be able to find more information yourself . 
  so if you want to use it as a digital notepad it could be of use to you . 
  i have no hats i 'm so supersad | :(, 
  yes . 
  hello . 
  the cyclone is so annoying . 
  i once spent like a full game up the air .
