  from what i understand yes :p, 
  i 'm currently leveling an ethereal knives shadow with hatred ( + cold damage ) and a lot of crit . 
  both for the damage and the freeze effect . 
  they do but double strike specifies it attacks twice with thesame hand, 
  this is strangely satisfying to stare at . . 
  you could have tried google . 
  i barely knew anything about the subject and still found the answers within 10 seconds ... 
  anyway here are my findings . 
  you can detect whether or not the page is in focus using javascript [ source ] ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7389328/detect-if-browser-tab-has-focus ), 
  so i guess you can detect leaving the screen like this . 
  opening a new tab obviously ca n't be detected because there is no way the website can access that kind of information about your browser . 
  using javascript you can also detect when a page is left . 
  be it via closing the browser , closing the page , following a link or clicking the back button . 
  [ source ] ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3888902/javascript-detect-browser-close-tab-close-browser ), 
  i used to think it was no problem until i started a more fragile ethereal knives shadow build . 
  now i have to keep an eye out for them since attacking them with ethereal knife is basically an instant death . 
  though my shadow is only at the start of merciless and not that well geared but my ethereal knives does only a fraction of the damage that it is going to on higher levels so i do n't think it will ever * not * be a problem . 
  kind of off topic but i never see the point in these obvious censors . 
  i mean everyone but maybe young kids will realize what it is supposed to be anyway ( especially for f * ck and sh * t since your mind basically reads them as fuck and shit anyway i think with the whole reading-words-as-a-whole-thing that the mind has going on ) . 
  from having seen quite a lot of confirmations in my days i can officially confirm your confirmation . 
  valve does n't exclusively have single-player only games in their catalogue though . 
  with this solution you 'd be unable to play any game you bought on steam in multiplayer . 
  how this took seven hours to be posted is beyond me . 
  that is a good suggestion . 
  however i do n't think all this paranoia about losing steamgames sometime in the future is justified . 
  they could just give you your cd keys at that point and there you have all your access to all your games back . 
  ( assuming you have internet , which you do because you used steam ), 
  it references to fishing in torchlight . 
  how is madcowpsa an asshole for digging up the source after people asked for it ? 
  seems more like you are the asshole yourself for going around calling everyone assholes . 
  then you should probably reply to him not madcow . 
  what use is a neatly structured comment section if nobody follows the structure . 
  this does not affect the point i was making at all though . 
  i said , and i quote : `` with this solution you 'd be unable to play ** any ** game you bought on steam in multiplayer . '', 
  notice how ` any ' there is highlighted and also notice how i never said anything about being able to play games i bought 10 years ago on steam . 
  this is all pure speculation since steam is probably not going to be discontinued for a long time we 're just talking in the sense of what-if steam were to shut down tomorrow . 
  pretty cool term and does indeed apply well to video games . 
  tl ; dr ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) :, 
  if an object is introduced in such a way that it stands out to the audience it should be used later on . 
  do not introduce an object in such a way that it stands out to the audience unless you intend to use it later on . 
  also had this happen two times with the necromancer boss being the last man standing for side fetid pool . 
  resulted in the number jumping up and down as rhoas were killed and resurrected . 
  so you 're judging something that you have no way of judging without bias ? 
  seems like a smart thing to do . 
  you 're smart . 
  is there supposed to be a point you make ? 
  i got from this quote that you can never use the checkhov gun as an argument as to why an object is introduced . 
  which was also mentioned in the article i linked . 
  that it is of course only a guideline and you still can introduce whatever you want . 
  it even said explicitly to mix things up so its not a spoiler everytime something is introduced in detail . 
  this is how i think that would be possible . 
  let 's say you have two java servers running minecraft with thesame map and everything . 
  there is a ` master server ' which encapsulates the java servers and controls communication between the java servers somehow , ( player positions , time , chunks , chat everything you need ) so that the two java servers are ( at least ) partially in sync ( ie in the vicinity of transition areas show players on the other server as well ) . 
  you could even allow combat between players on different servers this way if you are fully able to fully control both servers from the master server . 
  then say a player on one servers tries to cross a pre determined region . 
  the player 's client automatically changes the server hes on . 
  theoretically with the only downtime being the latency to the new server . 
  seeing as all you would have to do as a client is connect to the new server and disconnect from the old one . 
  all resources should already be present because the master server keeps the servers in sync . 
  so therefore there should be a minimum amount of new resources that have to be loaded . 
  i do n't see how one could figuratively see , so yes . 
  well the idea is that each server has the same map but only simulates part of it , thus sharing the load . 
  say you have a 20x20 sized map and 4 servers . 
  you let each server simulate a 5x5 submap of the big map . 
  in order to make the experience more real you could do stuff like make them overlap . 
  instead of fitting 4 5x5 submaps into the 20x20 big map make 4 6x6 submaps . 
  all variables in overlapping 'til es ' could be fully shared between the servers . 
  you could also keep them 5x5 maps but make them appear as 6x6 maps by taking the data needed to simulate the edge that the 5x5 maps miss compared to the 6x6 and insert that data into each server that is running a 5x5 map . 
  this would probably cause a lot of lag and issues though . 
  also probably crashes if a lot of people enter the same ( vicinity of a ) map ( which could be solved of course by letting multiple servers run thesame region ), 
  a master server written in c can handle basically any number of players depending on how fast the sub servers perform ( the ones which in essence the master server is controlling to simulate an mmo ) , how well the code is written and the server hardware . 
  yea that was stupid lol . 
  it was very late and i was tired . 
  kind of irrelevant to the point anyway as it was just a random example . 
  iirc the results of that experiment were that the supposed sound did n't do anything . 
  he is for a couple of weeks . 
  after that there is no reason why he should n't be prosecuted . 
  although in my opinion being the leader of a country should n't make you immune to the law anyway . 
  which is the whole point of this thread ... 
  is this supposed to be some kind of sarcasm because i do n't understand you at all . 
  of course the amount that drops will have to be defined it is it undefined there would be an error every time someone opens a bag . 
  this is so, 
  i personally would n't call a variable that is defined as a function of some other variables undefined but that may just be semantics ( if i 'm using this term correctly here ) . 
  of course the drop rate probably is n't defined as a distribution with an average of pi so yes it is very interesting if somehow with all the other parameters the function averages pi . 
  i doubt the sample size would be high enough though but my probability and statistics skills are n't really up to par so i have no clue how to calculate a suitable sample size off the top of my head . 
  but the error margin for a sample size of 2000 should n't be that big i imagine , probably big enough that it wo n't even be close to pi though . 
  how you can think this is even remotely wtf is beyond me . 
  2 days and already -500 comment karma ... how ? 
  this is getting very `` confusing '' . 
  how is this mildly interesting ? 
  more like super interesting, 
  that 's cool !, 
  i remember seeing that book on the internet before and some pictures of supposedly your work and i must say its very cool to see and very impressive . 
  keep doing it ( and posting cool stuff to reddit so i can waste my life ), 
  why ca n't we have both ? 
  would love a modern game using quake3 cpm style movements . 
  cpma is one of the most amazing things to play . 
  did n't really like warsow , i 'd rather play quake . 
  what would be really awesome is a quake 5 arena true to the quake 3 feel and not the crap that quake 4 was . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/02/18/mini-backflip-trick-tignes-france_n_2710986.html?utm_hp_ref=uk ),
