  if anything the edit makes you look retarded . 
  she could have also given the money without generating more attention for the wbc . 
  then again she probably likes the attention she gets herself even more . 
  ... and then make up a story about how you asked facebook and the isp so that it 's all legal . 
  you can do it in europe too but people would just stare you down and laugh at you . 
  i found 1 real puzzle so far in a small crypt like thing . 
  it involved stepping on pressure plates to turn pillars to align torches . 
  i 'm not far in the game so i assume there 's more . 
  \\* tips fedora \\*, 
  as opposed to hand egg , where you gear up and stand still 90 % of the time . 
  but it also includes going down them at insane speeds . 
  eat it . 
  what about the round white-pink-blue thing in the middle of the tree ? 
  according to the devs in the official stream chat , the actual game servers are completely fine but somehow the matchmaking ca n't handle this large volume of players . 
  which seems even more odd to me , since you would expect they would just use some kind of existing matchmaking algorithm which is shown to scale well rather than make something up which apparently does n't work with a large amount of players . 
  except that nakamura did n't have a lot of time left at that point if i remember correctly . 
  stock rifle with x ray scope and aluminum stock , that 's all i need . 
  you mean the us loves bombs ? 
  i 'm not sure japan loves being nuked . . 
  and i 'm pretty sure at least most of them stepped in his circle . 
  hodor . 
  you realise you ca n't even overdose on weed right ? 
  so how can the joke even offend you ? 
  if your friend overdosed on weed it probably was n't ( just ) weed . 
  so making a joke about something that ca n't even happen in real life makes you cry ? 
  if so you are probably better off if you just stop reading stuff on the internet posted by anonymous internet users . 
  perfect submission for this subreddit . 
  i wish the developers of life would hotfix this soon as it seems pretty broken . 
  soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo edgy, 
  he may not have an email linked to his account . 
  ( reddit doesnt require it afaik ), 
  it is not seperated . 
  there are some specific women only fide titles ( fim , fgm ) , but nothing is stopping female players achieving fide titles or participating in high level tournaments . 
  so north korea does n't have food or anything but they do have weird things for people who ca n't tie their shoes without some kind of foot support . 
  i like trials . 
  conservative christians in the netherlands ? 
  i think those are a dying breed tbh . 
  i remember looking around on it once out of curiosity and seeing some guns for sale . 
  may just be faulty memory though . 
  yes . 
  the wrinklers will leech 5 % of your cps each , but when you pop one it gives back more than the total it has leeched . 
  ( the multiplier is based on the amount of wrinklers i think . ), 
  so the longer you keep them on the more cookies you will get when you pop them . 
  i like trials . 
  yet for some reason isfunny returns an integer . 
  open the nvidia control panel and go to ` manage 3d settings ' . 
  select the titanfall.exe and make sure it uses the nvidia gpu and not the intel integrated gpu . 
  for me it also auto selected the integrated gpu which resulted in the same graphical artifacts as you are seeing . 
  your mobile ca n't load any other site than imgur ? 
  aww , are you gon na cwy ? 
  that reminds me of the southpark episode in which they parody the greenpeace ` reality ' tv show , the one where they throw stinky butter at the japanese whalers . 
  what 's the problem with those ? 
  unless you slide off them without pants or something ? 
  i think the main problem is that it does n't actually flow . 
  the lines are just lines and do n't have a direction . 
  and a lot of times these kind of threads still explode in their subreddits because reverse psychology . 
  i would care about the weather if there 's the possibility of tornadoes destroying all your shit . 
  le * new may may is le *** born, 
  i thought it was a thing that was actually more prevalent in the east half of the usa , which is where the highest concentration of weather thingies seems to be . 
  a quick google search seems to confirm this . 
  i never mentioned east * coast * though . 
  i 'm just talking about the eastern part of the us . 
  which is where both the highest density of weather stations and highest frequency of tornados seems to be . 
  maybe you should go and post some comments on youtube crying about how they are cheating . 
  look , if you ca n't look at op 's map and the one i posted a few comments up and see that in both maps there is a higher density of weather stations/tornadoes in the eastern half of the us than in the western half then i suggest you buy some glasses . 
  you do n't have to be mad because you get tornadoes too , i could n't care less . 
  hmmm delicious chocolate flakey stuff . 
  because they are canadian ? 
  why is this in wtf ? 
  is it because hypersensitive americans go apeshit when they see , hear or read the work ` black ' ? 
  can someone jerk me off now ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  well . . not sure what kind of content you expect in r/wtf ... 
  no yes no yes, 
  definitely ghosts/tiny leprechauns with human sized fingers . 
  what about the x bone ? 
  no offense , but being out of breath after reaching the top of a flight or two of stairs does n't mean you are in good physical shape at all . 
  everyone is acting like this was posted in / r/shittylifeprotips420 even though it is in wtf ... wtf ... 
  hyves apparently is n't even a social network anymore and just hosts a bunch of flash games now i think ? 
  not everyone has great hardware :(, 
  i accidently attacked one with a lance ( which hits 2 squares in front ) . 
  have you tried googling `` free forum '' ? 
  next time try using the googles a bit before asking here . 
  i like trials ? 
  we all like trials ? 
  tried to cut off a dirt truck while riding his moped ? 
  he likes people who play the queen 's gambit as white ? 
  i think a possible reason to have it end pretty abrubtly is so that a larger portion of the audience watches the video until the very end . 
  i think watching it to the very end may make a difference somehow . 
  ( thought i saw sips saying something to this extent some time ago when he changed his ending to be more abrubt than before as well ) . 
  you - le * made me spit out my coke day, 
  does anyone every actually believes ads ? 
  i 'd say you have to believe it is true to be disappointed by them . 
  neil ` smoke ' degrassi tyson ' 420blazeit ' right redit ? 
  because it 's delicious ? 
  ok now jerk me off, 
  the way i find out again where i last was is to search my browser history with the video title . 
  usually the first result is the last video i watched in the series . 
  some more, 
  not long since he could have just used a movie to gif converter tool .
