  looks like you 're the one who 's desperately trying to bring the country 's poverty into something completely unrelated . 
  earlier on when you find upgrades often it might not be worth it . 
  but if u have a 35 piece with 2 slots and decent stats it 's probably worth it . 
  go for bloodwyrms and cold tusks first . 
  after that you can think about putting heroic seals in good gear . 
  i reckon if you use a paid vpn service instead of a free one it should be fine . 
  personally ive unlocked permanent stuff like bags , storage and auction - and pet slots first . 
  there is a lot more ellun to be had from achievements , and you can get some daily through quests and achievements . 
  you might want to save them later on for dungeon timer resets , tempering , and taming potions . 
  personally i like having a lot of storage space and you could definitely afford it with just free ellun . 
  but if you want to spend ellun on other stuff you can do that as well . 
  the middle mouse works like that in standard mode too . 
  is there not going to be new pvp gear with pvp stats ? 
  pvvping without the pvp defence stat will suck a lot for me as a priest . 
  aside from heroic seals i have decent gear , but you still get oneshot a lot it seems . 
  who knew actual good games sell well , what a revelation . 
  first of all , i did n't read your entire wall of text ( because im lazy ) so sorry if you mentioned this already . 
  but i do n't think it is really necessary . 
  nothing is forcing these top tier teams to attend every single tournament . 
  if they think it will be better for future performances to not participate in a tournament they should n't and save it for the future . 
  i really do n't think we are at the point where there is this huge major must-attend tournament every week or even month . 
  just sit out the minor and non important tournaments if it makes you perform better at the big one . 
  i think it would be stupid to force tournament organizers to adjust to the teams ' schedules . 
  i would rather see the teams adapt to the tournaments . 
  big teams sitting out some of the smaller tournaments also provides better opportunity for lower tier teams to get in the spotlight . 
  like if you know that there are 4 major official tournaments evenly spaced out across the year , then just plan any other tournament attendance around maximising your performance in those 4 . 
  if an organization is too greedy and forces their players to play in a tournament every day surely that will eventually lead to major burnout and performance loss . 
  they will have to pick and choose . 
  just like top tier sports teams do n't participate in every high school tournament . 
  at stage 3 u do literally 1 % dmg so ur completely useless at that point . 
  while you have the buff you are completely useless . 
  yes there are scrolls but you will be surprised at how many people are too cheap/poor to have them on them and end up completely useless until i give them one for free . 
  do you have optimize ticked in the graphics options ? 
  i think this is what caused it for me . 
  i think it might temporarily hide models attempting to improve fps if optimize is on . 
  i think taslan is the best pet , not sure about land or flying mount . 
  if you max cd reduction without taslan there are probably better pet options . 
  for seals i use cold tusk for cheap hp and im now slowly replacing them with phantoms for more hp . 
  i use blue bloodwyrms for magic damage . 
  if u hover over a stat in the char screen it will tell you the cap . 
  i think it might also improve the chances of harvesting more than 1 item . 
  attaius can drop it . 
  you could also go back for the quest reward . 
  low level quests dont show up on the map but u can still do them . 
  buying it from the auction is also an option . 
  while laying in bed it 's much morecomfortable having a phone than a laptop for me at least . 
  to add to this : some mobs will have like a buff with the icon of man with a number in the bottom right corner . 
  the number is how many times he needs to be destabilized in order to become vulnerable to cc . 
  once a mob is destabilized it will start glowing and some stun/destabilize spells will work on them . 
  it 's mostly bosses and elite mobs that have this stability buff . 
  adding to the no pay to win , as a non premium player you can get 8 ellun ( cash shop currency ) from daily quests , amd more from daily/weekly/monthly achievements . 
  if you have premium u get double from the quests . 
  on top of that you can also get 100s of ellun from one time achievements . 
  more than enough to unlock bags and slots . 
  my experience in overwatch has been a lot worse than dota . 
  people got extremely angry with me because i was only level 40 something first of all . 
  then all your teammates will tell you to pick a different hero and they will all get mad if you do n't instantly pick the hero they suggested , even though they all suggest different ones . 
  pretty much every game there 's a few people going berserk because they are so mad . 
  so yeah i gave up on overwatch ranked after like 15 matches or so . 
  interesting how much lower the prices are on eu koroshima . 
  its only 150 for the mark and maybe 300 500 for the seal . 
  maybe one of those esports events, 
  be careful dude , im not sure ur retarded religion allows you to act like this . 
  this allah or mohammed loser might get upset with you when your pathetic life comes to an end and you might need to fuck virgin goats for eternity . 
  i do n't know the details , but seasons affect eah hemisphere differently . 
  mostly because there is so little landmass on the southern one i think . 
  going from 4 % to 2 % is still a 50 % decrease . 
  id say cavern is a 2nd endgame dungeon . 
  the hijgher heroic difficulties are as difficult as frost keep and take a lot longer . 
  there will come a more fleshed out endgame later with more dungeons and legendary difficulty . 
  not sure if you 've ever been outside , but shit hurts if you 're not in some kind of medieval knight armor like in american soccer . 
  ask your friend ( if you have any , ca n't imagine you do ) to stamp on your foot with football shoes or give you a kick in the back of the knee and see how you like it . 
  look i can use google too :, 
  not sure what you 're gagging on about . 
  most of the world clearly uses football for soccer and rugby for american soccer . 
  i do n't really care much for sports either . 
  i was just trying to break the murica circlejerk tbh . 
  i have played soccer myself though in the past so i can relate to it somewhat . 
  sounds great in theory when the mods do n't behave like 12 year olds like this numbers kid . 
  seems like his only accomplishment in life is modding this tiny and shit subreddit . 
  what about security ? 
  that 's not what happens in the rest of the world though ... 
  it 's an issue on their mobile site . 
  if your finger makes even the slightest angle while scrolling up or down it will go to another random image . 
  it 's the stupidest functionality ever and constantly fucks you over . 
  happened twice so far to me . 
  before that never had a crash that i can remember . 
  both times 1 other player crashed simultaneously . 
  how does the daily allowance and dodging work ? 
  up to what point can you leave for free ? 
  wait that 's a joke thing ? 
  i always just assumed cunt was just some awful word in the uk for whatever reason . 
  when you start a new survival game , and the first terminal you use outside sanctuary bugs out and forces you to reload , causing you to immediately quit said survival game . 
  similar ideas are also used in all kinds of games . 
  the classic one is using elevators as loading screens . 
  i 'm sure people from non english speaking countries have no problems with it either . 
  i know i do n't get the fuss about it . 
  are you sure you were unmounted while testing this ? 
  if you are mounted it will show your mounted dps using your mounted weapon . 
  the small difference would then be explained by the difference in int .
