  i feel like they are spaced fairly evenly and as long as you do n't dc or die without a tp up you should be fine . 
  better go slap yourself in the face then . 
  i probably would have to redo the entire macro because i used excel vb to write it . 
  so the answer for now is no :\\, 
  edit : just took a quick look at the google docs spreadsheet scripts and its going to be a hassle to rewrite the macro so i 'm not going to bother with it . 
  its dynamic you can put in your own currency to chaos ratios and it will calculate all other ratios . 
  so in other words its as ( in ) accurate as you make it . 
  but i designed it just to be a quick reference if you are wondering what the approximate ratio between say chance and augmentation orbs are . 
  ( or any arbitrary ratio ), 
  i am currencly running 2 auras ( clarity and anger ) and really the only thing i need to worry about is not leveling clarity so much that i ca n't cast my highest cost spell comfortably anymore . 
  so i 'm sitting at around 80 mana as of now but it lets me spam anything forever basically so i 'm happy . 
  ( think my clarity is level 6 or 7 now ) . 
  actually you can leave out the calculator . 
  it takes oc from oc currence . 
  i think they will be raking in tons of money though for sure . 
  i mean who does n't want to support ggg ? 
  ( except those who do n't have the financial resources to do so ), 
  the freemium model can definetely result in more money than a buy2play model because you get a way larger playerbase . 
  yea my templar has looked utterly rediculous most of the way through playing him so far . 
  had a nice purple shirt and white skirt for a good 25 levels . 
  fyi reddit that is the translation of the text in red not some random statement . 
  well imo they can make the timer just 1 second longer . 
  right now i frequently barely miss it due to a lag spike , some network issue or i just see it just half a second too late . 
  adding 1 second would not make people wait a rediculous amount of time before the items is free but it gives people actually time to get there in time . 
  is there an issue with hold alt to pick up items ? 
  i use alt to pick up and i sometimes get this unresponsiveness you describe . 
  i am fairly sure it is just lag though as my ping is spiking all over the place at the moment . 
  theres no reason for non player allies to be selectable imo . 
  not one that i can think of . 
  yes . 
  there is no reason to not have it toggleable . 
  you can do that on the little party portraits on the left if ur in thesame instance with someone in your party anyway . 
  i think the ranges of the additional properties shift up as the itemlevel goes up . 
  may also open up new properties but not sure about that . 
  the reason the prices are inflated right now are because there is a ton of demand for chain ( a lot of builds encorporate it ) . 
  on the other supply there is little demand because the game has only been in ob for like a week so there are n't so many chain gems . 
  hency why the price is so high . 
  the price will probably drop once demand lowers ( people got their chains ) and more chains get brought in the game . 
  blindfold them i say !, 
  they are introduced by their ` fake ' names . 
  i think you kind of missed the point . 
  the point is having a tournament where the players and the spectators do n't know who is who so as to add some mystery and excitement . 
  curious as well . 
  please deliver !, 
  i use light strike + chain + pierce + faster attack + added melee damage + blood thingy ( mana = hp ) . 
  combined with 8 % lifeleech on hit and conductivity i can clear out big groups really fast while stealing tons of hp . 
  ( every lightstrike projectile hit leeches life . 
  i use heavy strike + fast attack + added melee dmg + blood thingy for single target . 
  running clarity and purity or haste and using empowering cry and molten shell for more defense . 
  beat merciless act 3 but solo its kinda hard because my resists and armor arent up to par . 
  my passives also are far from perfect as it is my first char going in semi blind . 
  light templar is def viable . 
  i wouldve liked to go more in depth but im writing this while standing in the bus on my phone lol . 
  hey i 'm at home now . 
  here is my skill tree, 
  as i said i kind of made it up on the go . 
  only switched to a lightning strike build at like level 45 ish and have used almost all of my refund points already . 
  i 'm quite happy with where i stand now though . 
  i just have to get some more resistances and armor on my equipment and i 'll be fine . 
  there are still some passives that i currently have that i would rather refund and spend somewhere else but for not having planned ahead i think it turned out quite well :p, 
  i am currently working towards the one handed melee and melee damage increases near the warrior starting position at the bottom of my used tree . 
  my damage could be better . 
  i currentcly do 900 dps with the lightning strike but it hits a lot more targets for a portion of that damage . 
  my heavy strike is at like 2k ish dps , maybe a bit higher . 
  if you have any more question or want to know something i 'd be happy to help but as i said i 'm a first time player as well . 
  ( played only until level 14 in closed beta ), 
  edit : also quality light strike is really good as it gives the light strike an innate pierce chance . 
  also later on i 'm planning to go for vaal 's pact and replace my health potions with utility potions like granite flask and situationally resist flasks . 
  right now i do n't really have the sustain without my potions though i think . 
  also my regen speed does get capped because i regen too much from hitting . 
  ( you still gain full hp just over a longer period so as to not make it super strong , but vaal 's pact removes this effect so you can steal massive amounts of hp if you do big damage and have a lot of lifesteal . ), 
  yea the reason i went for so much physical damage is because lightning strike converts melee damage to the lightning damage for the projectiles . 
  however i 'm now more worried about speed because of how much it pierces and chains . 
  good suggestion i may try this out . 
  right now i 'm still having to run purity though because my res are like 50 - 50 - 0 - -40 :\\ . 
  once i get those up i can switch back to anger and look for a sword with more elemental damage and drop the pierce . 
  ah makes sense . 
  thats a great idea actually . 
  although i will explore what options there are to further increase dps . 
  not too familiar with all gems yet . 
  would you think it would be worthwhile to put a lmp or gmp gem ? 
  or would that gimp my projectile damage by too much . 
  i guess it would . 
  i see . 
  the manacost already is rediculous :p its around 250 hp / sec . 
  but luckily i steal way more than that and will be stealing more and more as life leech levels up . 
  ( replaced pierce with life leech , works wonders . 
  does more damage without the pierce too since every projectile chains now again . ), 
  its at 0.44 s/attack or something now . 
  and i only have a 1haxe with +20 % attackspeed , fast attack gem and some attackspeed passives . 
  vrouwe is mostly used in a title ish way like lady . 
  i was only talking about the dutch part lol , sorry to not mention that . 
  i have no clue about the german side of the story . 
  this seems to be somewhat the case . 
  i 'm playing on my laptop just fine but in groups at all lowest settings 800x600 it still goes into slideshow mode if all 6 players spam flashy abilities . 
  they really need to add options to turn down particle effects since that and shadows are the only thing my laptop usually ca n't cope with . 
  or in general on the internet as you 're bound to have made an account somewhere linked to your actual name . 
  come on , deliver !, 
  i can play just fine solo but in groups when a lot of spells fet used my fps drops hard . 
  probably due to the high amount of particle effects on screen .
