  not sure as i 've never had merikan softdrinks . 
  a lot of people 's sons and daughters died or are traumatized for life . 
  for some it does have personal consequences . 
  indeed . 
  fix the cause not the symptoms . 
  if ggg would facilitate more trade functionality people would n't need to use the party system . 
  aoe2 hd somewhat recently came out on steam . 
  i think that would be the best place to play aoe2 online now . 
  the deep ocean is so scary to me . 
  there are probably all kinds of huge scary monsters . 
  i like dm6 , but i am a sucker for the classic q3a maps . 
  why do you censor ` ass ' ? 
  this . 
  me too definitely !, 
  his name should be an obvious giveaway . 
  the cat should be happy he got any petting action at all . 
  he is not entitled to anything even though he likes to think he is . . 
  i have this all the time with the clocks that hang at train stations over here where the hand that counts the seconds goes around in a smooth rotation , but if i look at it it just seems to randomly start and stop even though it is not . 
  not going to happen . 
  there is no central controlling body for sf4 esports of course and other tournament organizers will want to have these guys play at their tournaments . 
  '' ... now with brand new boob jiggle physics engine !, 
  never before seen boob jiggle realism ... '', 
  maybe he will become cheese man . . not sure how i would feel about that . 
  but it 's different and therefore it 's bad, 
  not sure ( and could n't quickly find it ) , but you have to keep in mind that the ti2 prize pool is taken by teams of 5 whereas in sc ( 2 ) it 's all for one person . 
  \\ - abe lincoln 2013, 
  i never said it was little . 
  i was just saying keep that in mind when comparing to sc2 prizepools . 
  it 's like a reverse cold war . 
  instead of getting better weapons and shit they just try to be the most retarded . 
  all thanks to ysgesus . 
  bender, 
  ign d_nl ( or a space i guess as that 's how it shows up in game ) . 
  ill add everyone here when i 'm home . 
  does n't it also just have android ? 
  i read it was no dual boot either but somehow running ubuntu and android side by side . . 
  no , i think they are just pictures taken sometime apart put together making an animation . 
  those probes are n't taking video . 
  nose to the left \\ o, 
  mummy pls  ;(, 
  and maybe light sabers ? 
  - the most dangerous weapon . 
  such great games and informative and cool interviews so far !, 
  woah man , you must be on the list . . 
  not warm feces . 
  my sisters blackberry has to be charged at least once a day . 
  it 's one of the newer ones i think . 
  man i want one of these babbies so bad right now !, 
  neil `` smokes '' degrasse tyson, 
  to the jacuzzi !, 
  still connecting to uswest there could be the occasional packetloss or bumps in ping whereas using lan it should just stay very low and stable all the time . 
  i thought it worked like this as well . 
  i seem to remember having to split up eidolons to prevent neutrals from casting clap , stomp and the purple ball of doom . 
  could have been changed with any of the last patches probably as i have n't played in a while . 
  til, 
  in chrome :, 
  copy redditgetsdrawn and paste it so it says reddit.com/r/redditgetsdrawn in the bar . 
  then select and copy that all and then select paste and go . 
  no keyboard needed here !, 
  jiff ( but everyone just calls it giff ? ), 
  officially i think ? 
  ... after being raped ? 
  i actually read `` dr. something ganja '' at first glance . 
  i think the jay from sanjay really did it . 
  you can see i think his arm in the bottom right ish right after the explosion . 
  alch also went for kills in the base rather than begin killing the towers as soon as glyph finished . 
  could 've made a difference too . 
  that would probably fall under vote manipulation , which reddit does n't allow . 
  i guess there 's no way to do it automatically at least . 
  so brave, 
  yep . 
  ie red absorbs all colors of the spectrum but red , so red is reflected off to the table . 
  black absorbs all colors so hence there are `` shadows '' in the form of the letters . 
  yeah go back to / r/notcirclejerk or where ever you guys hang out . 
  ladies and gentlemen , i present our winner !, 
   came, 
  awww someone gives readssmalltextbot a hug ! ^ ^ yes ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ so ^ ^ lonely !, 
  nope , make sure you have the < access denied , 
  well you are in / r/cinemagraphs after all ... ( altho i realise you probably read this on your frontpage ), 
  the last line should is there to help narrow it down . 
  so which one is it ? 
  n and n +2 or n and 2n ? 
  make up your mind already reddit !, 
  they look like they are about to burst into tears to me ... 
  two dewgles for you !, 
  well because the guy in the comment above the one above my original one ( get that ) used 4 and 8 and he was wrong to do so !, 
  illusions . 
  kind of weird of them to put this in , but is there a reason to not crouch while planting anyway ? 
  but are they actually being bought for $ 400 ? 
  i 'm sure on pc there will be mods to at least increase the max player size . 
  nobody does , read his comment . 
  that 's because it are paperclips and not staples . . 
  you should call your local police department and not clog up 911 with your non emergencies ... 
  this is actually what worries me the most about all this surveillance going on . 
  the people in power could dig up every last bit of dirt on everyone who tries to oppose the surveillance program and make them look like fools in the public 's eyes . 
  or use the surveillance software to find some past mistakes and then reverse engineer an investigation and throw them in jail . 
  it 's a proverb . 
  actually that place told me it 's an idiom ( apparently the meaning of an idiom is different from the actual meaning of the words used , whereas this is not the case for proverbs ) . 
  yeah . . even the op did n't sensationalize the title by using war this time . 
  i guess people do n't even read titles any more ?
