  i personally do n't see that big of a deal since they were free to watch live and will be free to watch once they are uploaded to youtube . 
  \\  le maymay arrow, 
  you should 've tried harder . 
  you do n't look dominant , you look retarded . 
  anyway should n't twitch tv fix that anyway ? 
  if you have to normally be subscribed to watch some people 's vods why does the direct link to the file still work ... you would think it checks that the user is logged and and has the subscription in order to watch . 
  well there 's probably a lot more names to invidivual sections of the beaches but i guess beaches usually go on for quite a long while too . 
  i figured 300 was kind of over the top ... 
  the original author is deprived of ad views i guess . 
  and more pageviews for their site in general . 
  but insanely stretched beaches are still only one beach even if you give every part a different name ... 
  you 're all wrong !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ jest ^ ^ ^ ^ ofc , ^ ^ ^ ^ great ^ ^ ^ ^ read !, 
  why ... out of all things games like dota cs and tf make the most sense to be steamworks as they 're valve 's and have a lot of steam integration ( workshop , inventory and achievements ) . 
  but then i wake up and nope . . it 's still just poor old me talking to myself ... 
  how would it be able to see beyond our universe ? 
  i figured you ca n't see past the observable universe because light has only traveled a certain distance since the big bang . 
  yeah you have to delay a bit and get the timing just right . 
  this confused me a lot at first with some combos because i did n't understand that i was chaining rather than linking at first . 
  it feels kind of unnatural to delay it that much at first ( at least for the specific combo i was practicing ) but it makes a lot of sense . 
  well infrared light still can only move at speed c at most i think . 
  any information in fact can not travel faster than c. also why would it matter that light travels the other way ? 
  there 's light travelling outward in every direction . 
  not to break the illusion or anything but it 's just a rotating sculpture . 
  / r/firstworldproblems, 
  if it runs very hot get msi afterburner . 
  it should be bundled with rivatuner in which you can easily limit the max fps of any executable . 
  msi afterburner also allows you to downclock the gpu if temps are still bad after limiting fps ( happens with some games ) . 
  maybe one day they will find out and stop acting like elitist douches . 
  `` oh yeah we 're totally the best murderers and rapists america has to offer !! 11 !! '', 
  i 'm pretty sure if she was n't rich white and royal nobody would care about the news but some locals . 
  for science !, 
  i , too , was confused about why this was posted here . 
  because of bias . 
  it may be deliberate to appeal to the target demographic who basically ca n't spell at all . 
  if you actually watched the slideshow there is quite some negativity towards stuff he did . 
  yep . 
  a friend of mine won a small sum of money once , but in order to claim it he had to buy some shit ( lottery tickets or smt ) and ended up with an even smaller sum of money . 
  but that 's exactly what they are doing in that case . 
  so it 's not so much propaganda as it is fact . 
  maybe in a few hours once they notice they 're the odd one out they can quickly copy paste another article on their site . 
  i 'd hate your freedoms too if you started bombing and invading my country to steal the oil ... 
  well tbh the guy did n't come across as very smart posting that . 
  did he think the other navy guys would see him as the next jesus or something ? 
  i 'm pretty sure if america spent a bit less on military they 'd come by just fine , seeing as they already have the largest military budget . 
  although i bet all these military contractors are making some nice fat profit margins . 
  die in a fire . 
  you should 've worn a condom op . 
  ... you are the one making it a racial issue by making up quotes ... 
  nothing implied racism though . 
  only the post above me did . 
  i personally think they used foreign as opposed to domestic because of how retardedly patriotic a lot of americans are and that would likely affect the outcome ( just as having only foreigners does mind you ) . 
  at least now there should be no inate reason to pick the one over the other because he 's muriken . 
  that still is n't relevant i think . 
  not sure how the first part is and red shift is simply the doppler effect . 
  i was thinking of the case of the combatant consciously using civilians as a shield . 
  if the soldiers target him knowing he 's using those civilians as a shield and choose to fire anyway i 'll argue they also knowingly target those civilians . 
  if you think you can make a brain interface using wikipedia 's references as your only education ... then good luck . 
  and you should n't have to be so aggressive unless you 're being paid by mojangs competitors to put them in a bad light . 
  all the guy did was dismantle the other guy 's weak arguments for why mc objectively sucks . 
  when i first saw an ipod touch at highschool my mind was so blown . 
  i thought it was awesome !, 
  i thought we loved papa johns since they supported esports . . 
  i do n't even play it but the arguments he made make no sense or are extremely subjective , in which case he should n't try to come off as objective . 
  americans being hypersensitive retards ? 
  who 'd have thought !, 
  ok man . . do n't see how this is relevant to anything other than your ego but ok man . . 
  basically a camera has a shutter that opens for a small amount of time to let light in to create an image . 
  with a long exposure shot you keep the shutter open for a long time so it absorbs the light for a longer amount of time . 
  for example if you would have a light moving and take a long exposure shot of it a trail will appear ( like this http://i.imgur.com/fmrla.jpg ) . 
  why it does n't all turn into a ` brown soup ' in this case is because of this :, 
   the wheel has thousands of electronically timed leds that create patterns . 
  during long exposure shots of it , the patterns fill in and create these eye-catching spirals . 
  from http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1knteq/cool_long_exposure_shot_of_a_ferris_wheel/cbqv0fu, 
  well if you look at the extreme volume of water the ocean is made up of maybe in the end it will end up so diluted that it 's like it 's not there ? 
  to be fair i recently found out that the salve that my mom used to use for like scratches and stuff was a homeopathic salve . 
  it always worked for me , the placebo effect is a funny thing . 
  sure , but i guess actually putting a salve on may do it for some kids where kisses do n't . 
  i personally still think homeopathy is bullshit but it 's quite good to induce a placebo effect without actually having to use any medicines . 
  any source ? 
  not doubting , just curious !, 
  oh , i must 've missed the memo  . <, 
  without the seatbelt he would have probably been launched through the windshield and hauled against the wall . 
  so even though the crumple zones help a ton in absorbing the energy i 'd still rather keep mine on . 
  wait wait do n't you mean internet cables ? 
  ah you silly youngsters and your digital slang . 
  not really since the entire frame appears to be moving here . 
  if you look you can see the grass swaying in the wind . 
  unfortunately that 's not how infinity works and half of infinity is still infinity . 
  but a cinemagraph is supposed to be a still with only a part of it animated . 
  not saying this is n't cool i just do n't think this is considered a cinemagraph . 
  what movie / thing is this gif from ? 
  / r/wtf would be perfect for this . 
  well america does n't really seem to care one bit do they ? 
  they voted for these people to be in power and seem content with them for now . 
  look at how many frags with rocket he has compared to the rest though . 
  seems to me like he 's almost exclusively using the rl . 
  i think his point is pretty fair though . 
  are n't religions just the biggest/best cults ? 
  they try to manipulate their followers for the good of the cult ( religion ) too .
