  there is no way to solve a/0 = b given any value for a other than 0 . 
  you are thinking of the case where a = 0 , but then too you can ( apparently ) relatively easily show that it should be left undefined . 
  you ca n't just make the word technically italics and break calculus by saying you can solve it . 
  yes , dividing by zero is actually undefined in calculus . 
  why are you getting so serious about this ? 
  i 'm wondering the same about you . 
  if you say so . 
  you are basing it on absolutely nothing . 
  but you obviously have a taste for personal attacks . 
  you are saying my day is ruined and that i am upset because of some retard on the internet . 
  that could n't be less baseless . 
  edit : yes i called you a retard , can you please stop replying now . 
  is there no plugin to block people on reddit for res or something ? 
  at least in vidya games you can usually at least mute the toxic players and move on with your life without getting a red letter in the top right corner every 2 seconds . 
  probably because you do n't have a job ? 
  it means not safe for work , it is n't some kind of moral compass . 
  i can see how sexually tinted text is nsfw . 
  if your boss walks by and sees some tits and ass text they might not be entertained depending on your work environment . 
  this, 
  i do n't think the loudness changes . 
  it is the frequency that is higher when it moves towards you and lower when it moves away from you . 
  the amplitude is n't affected by the doppler effect . 
  you can see this in the gif where the waves are more compressed in front of the car and more apart when behind the car . 
  shadowban . 
  it 's the reddit admins ' fetish, 
  people will confuse it with the famous hacker ' 4chan ' . 
  i like trials !, 
  if that is your biggest concern you probably should n't worry . 
  the likelyhood of sounds like that not being final is pretty high . 
  they can use the new streaming platform to reach their existing subscriber base on youtube more easily . 
  while twitch is a completely different thing with its own follow/subscribe system . 
  besides hon was there earlier as well . 
  which was mostly a dota clone at first . 
  no black people . 
  you can for the ones who do n't try to hide it . 
  getting 3/4 awp kills every round trough walls and smoke screams wh . 
  i think it turns so quickly that it does n't show up in 16 tick demoes . 
  you probably would be able to see it at 64 tick . 
  they should have implemented a graveyard ages ago if their goal was to discourage 3rd party tools . 
  i think that 's the main reason most people use it . 
  the first 2 expansions to gw1 were even standalone , that 's how much content was in them . 
  anime ultra animations confirmed ? 
  i like trials !, 
  til steve buscemi was a firefighter on 9/11 . 
  res does absolutely show it . 
  i would n't expect any decent netcode in that case at launch . 
  i did n't know it was cross platform if it is !, 
  that probably raises the odds for good netcode but i personally will just wait for release . 
  never seen that stat before , but that sounds like an impossible amount . 
  who cares , nobody has anything to hide or you are a terrorist , right america ? 
  the government also should n't be announcing to china that he is going trough the process but that does n't stop them either . 
  of course they are n't literally telling the us government that . 
  but i can see how a side effect of the hack is sending a message like : ` maybe you should encrypt your data next time ' . 
  and how many csgo accounts are not main accounts ? 
  he has something to hide ? 
  must be a terrorist . 
  that does n't give them a free pass to give their employees ' data away for free to china . 
  they are getting upset about something that does n't affect them at all . 
  besides , marriage at this point is just a beneficial social ( edit : legal is the word i was looking for i think ) construct not some kind of holy jesus thing . 
  so they did n't get hacked and have all their employees ' information stolen ? 
  why do n't you go to a journalist with this breaking news . 
  but the marriage this whole thing is about is just the legal status of being married and has nothing to do with religion . 
  anyone should be able to get maried to reap the legal benefits and not just straight christians . 
  i do n't see a practical difference in this example . 
  the end result is exactly the same and could have likely been prevented with tighter it security . 
  his point is that only the ground under the player is moving and not the ground under the puck . 
  i would n't imagine it is a standard , but if a manager approaches you and asks you to do it differently for his team then you might assume it is with the knowledge of the players . 
  would this get you a cd for kicking too many players ? 
  #dirty filth, 
  i like trials !, 
  ( and gta ! ), 
  banned for having cheat engine installed seems extreme though . 
  any well made multiplayer game should n't allow the client to change important variables with something as simple as cheat engine . 
  i remember using cheat engine back in the day to have some fun with flash games which seems rather innocent . 
  i think i 've noticed this as well . 
  i 'm also running on potato settings but it says i have a constant 60fps with practically no drops . 
  it definitely does n't feel like a smooth 60 fps . 
  looks like the terrorists have won in your case then . 
  you are now seeing ` terrorists ' everywhere you look . 
  how else could they scare their populace with terrorism if there was n't any terrorism ? 
  is n't everything a chemical substance ? 
  being as broken and as feature incomplete as possible seems to be a requirement for that genre though . 
  people like that shit so much for some reason . 
  he fixed his eardrums from tearing every time an ad plays . 
  there can be , then you yield to traffic coming from the right in a lot of places, 
  i think over here it 's mostly ( only ? ), 
  on max 60/50/30 km/h roads . 
  but yeah you do have to slow down at every intersection to make sure that if someone comes from the right you can still yield . 
  at faster or more dangerous intersections with little vision there will usually be markings on the road and/or signs . 
  but if there are n't any signs or road marks it means yield to traffic coming from the right . 
  would n't they have to pay the pirate bay guys ' legal fees because they lost their case ? 
  because players do n't write the text that is shown on the stream . 
  something has to counter the huge murica is the best circle jerk . 
  but do they get angry when you do n't thank them ? 
  what if you hold a door open and do n't expect the person you are holding it open for to thank you ? 
  if i hold the door open for someone i do n't expect them to thank me , i 'm just doing it because i want to . 
  so i definitely do n't get angry when someone does n't thank me . 
  so they can prosecute you even if they know you are innocent to fuck you over with legal costs ? 
  i do n't know a lot about law , but that does n't seem fun . 
  i realise it will also cost them manpower but the prosecuter would be paid by taxpayer 's money right ?
