  i 've met people who have had a lot more control over their toe movement than me for example . 
  not sure if it would be a useful skill to practice though . 
  trott 's a prick . 
  yes . 
  you can enter the ip addresses of websites that you want to block i think . 
  this website , for example , could be used to translate a url to its ip address , which you would then enter an ip filter rule for on your router configuration page . 
  it 's just an output file of the client . 
  the client just writes to the file and by having access to the file you ca n't actually access the client at all . 
  i think he means if you put 128 gb worth of songs on it . 
  i thought he meant what you said at first too . 
  but think of the children . 
  would n't you rather put your children in jail than let them have a free life ? 
  use a spoiler ? 
  [ also i had a similar answer , but figured it was incorrect since the question asks for equal slices . 
  so there is no way you can make 11 equal slices using this method i think . 
  i think the point is that you have to figure out some clever way to not have to deal with endlessly repeating numbers . 
  in practice it would n't , but i think the point of this riddle is that it is a perfect circle and that it have to be exactly equal pieces . 
  [ i think you can only do this if you rotate the watch at 5 min / hour clockwise . 
  by this i mean if the 12 is facing north , in an hour 11:55 is facing north . 
  by doing this the watch 's second hand makes a full rotation every 55 minutes instead of every hour . 
  now whilst rotating the watch like this mark the watch 's second hand every 5 minutes . 
  after doing this for 50 minutes you have 10 marks and can split the pizza in 11 pieces . 
  this works because for every 5 minutes of time that passes , the watch 's second hand will have moved 5\u00a05/11 minutes worth of radius . 
  ps sorry for wording it so poorly . 
  i guess that 's a bit more realistic than my answer . 
  [ doing it my way it would take less time but you would have to be able to rotate the watch at a constant speed ] ( / sp ) . 
  which i doubt is possible using only a watch , a knife and a pizza . 
  i like trials !, 
  yes . 
  he has been playing dota 2 professionally since fnatic hon switched to dota 2 i suppose . 
  yes . 
  the sooner you fire the rocket after your jump the better . 
  is it normal for them to use personal tools at work ? 
  that does n't seem very fair or how does this work ? 
  the password used to connect to the network will be different than the password you use to connect to the router . 
  if you go to the router page and log in you should be able to set a network password on the router page somewhere ( see router specific manual ) . 
  then you use this newly set password to connect to the wifi network . 
  this is something i found . 
   can wifi booster use a different security key and security type from my router 's setting ? 
  yes , wifi booster can use a different security key and security type from your router 's settings . 
  wifi booster security type can be wpa-psk , wpa2-psk , wep , or none security . 
  please note , only the wep key need to consonance with your router 's setting if you chose wep for your router and wifi booster . 
  for example , if your router 's security type is wep , security key is `` 1234567890 '' , and you also configure wifi booster 's security type to wep , then the passphrase must be `` 1234567890 '' . 
  in the wn1000rp wifi booster you should be able to set the wireless network security key . 
  this is a different setting than the password for the actualy device itself . 
  as you can read here it might also be that you are using a wep key , in which case it appears both your original router and the wifi booster need to have the same key . 
  that 's literally what happens at the end . 
  they pop up and walk away and then the gif ends ... 
  i believe it is actually called ` new 3ds xl ' as opposed to ' 3ds xl ' . 
  try height instead of length . 
  it works for me . 
  it seems to be . 
  if i set my language to english it works only in english and if i set it to dutch it works only in dutch it seems . 
  even if it was illegal ( im not sure ) it is in facebooks best interest to pay the guy if that 's what they promise . 
  if they do n't and instead say send him to jail for life then i 'm pretty sure nobody else would risk reporting bugs in the future . 
  people finding bugs would instead rather abuse and sell them than risk going to jail . 
  have you bought a pack of bombs recently ? 
  despite them getting away with it for years you still keep buying their stuff apparently . 
  wonder how they get away with it ? 
  i guess this is where microsoft gets their xbox naming conventions from ? 
  this seems to be about all there is in terms of official education . 
  no free stuff here though . 
  this probably should be something your work should offer you at least if nobody wants to teach you for whatever reason . 
  i thought by that quote he meant that changes are the only things that end . 
  now i 'm curious what the original meaning was ( or if i 'm just stupid for interpreting it this way somehow ) . 
  pretty sure there are anti-brigades on the internet for everything in our existence . 
  you should just take them with a few grains of salt . 
  ( obviously easier for me to say , not being the subject ( or is it object ? ), 
  of a large unorganized hate campaign ), 
  if a witness comes in looking like some crack addict picked up from under a bridge i 'm sure his appearance would influence the case too . 
  still do n't get at all why they even put it in . 
  have n't played quake in a while but ive never read one positive thing about loadouts . 
  were they really hoping having this messed up system would attract some cod players ? 
  it only seems to have made all people who already liked quake lose faith . 
  why is he trying to make it sound like it was the organizers fault for not 110 % complying to all of their wishes ? 
  seems to me like they are just a whiny bunch because they ca n't figure out how to stop this ddosing themselves , so they just point fingers . 
  if anything he should be mad at nothing and not at the organizers . 
  shame about the stutter everytime it loops ... 
  the csgo pro scene seems to be one big joke . 
  all i see on this sub are players pointing fingers and blaming / starting witch hunts against organizers even though they are themselves at fault . 
  i guess being an enraged tween does n't help them . 
  i hope you mean step off the accelerator ? 
  ca n't see it making much sense otherwise . 
  his hedgehog 's name is kjeld so i doubt he is american . 
  either way americans always assume everyone else is american in case you havent noticed yet . 
  even if the majority is , i still feel like americans are way more american centered than a lot of other nationalities are about their own nationality . 
  of course it is to be expected because america is so large and relatively isolated ( with only canada and mexico ( and russia ?? ), 
  bordering it directly ) . 
  that sounds great and all and i do n't doubt you . 
  but sometimes the border between proud and ignorant seems to blend . 
  is any old regular ballpoint pen ink safe to actually smear on your skin in large quantities ? 
  you would think some of it could get absorbed or something ? 
  you do n't have to die from it for it to be bad for you . 
  you would n't want your neighbor to just start pissing all over your kids would you ? 
  digital_end also says there is n't a two way conversation , but rather you just claim that there is a two way conversation and that what he said to you just so happens to be exactly what you wanted him to say . 
  digital_end also says there is n't a two way conversation . 
  instead you , the person claiming to talk to god , say there is a two way conversation anyway to mislead your gullible followers . 
  then during the ` two way conversation ' god tells you exactly what you wanted to hear , which you then of course forward to your gullible followers . 
  this better for your tiny american brain ? 
  i honestly still think my original comment is understandable .
