  doing heroin has nothing to do with playing a video game in a way that you enjoy . 
  with a video game you can just quit once you have enough of the grind without dying of withdrawal ( at least i hope so ), 
  me too , i am severely disappointed . . 
  then maybe if they wna play only carries play all pick or find a group of 5 friends which let you carry all the time ... 
  how about pl now ? 
  does he still have the old collision size in wcdota ? 
  yea but that 's beyond the point . 
  okkuc said that only slark and sf have lower than normal collision sized in dota 1 , so he missed pl there . 
  was maybe thinking for some weird reason they only changed it in dota 2 because he mentioned dota 1 . 
  please someone post this !, 
  i 've been getting used to doing it this way but having it scroll automatically in the direction with a speed depending on how far youve moved the mouse ( like scrolling with middle mouse in internet browsers and other games ) would be way nicer !, 
  so you can actually hold down the middle mouse instead of having to press it again and move the mouse all the time . 
  no it was pl 's collision size from 24 to 8, 
  huskar depends , if you pick huskar for the enemy and they pick no stuns for you then there is no way to stun him once hes low and he will just rape you with his passive stacking up really high . 
  yes that man is the definition of a douchebag and what he did was really retarded , found it odd he survived it : o. 
  edit : also if you check this guys channel hes apparently some kind of ( semi - ) professional eater or something he has all kinds of retarded stuff on there . 
  fountain , towers , ( stacked ) neutrals, 
  yes same here from eu . 
  you got ta keep in mind though that the distance from aus to usa is more than twice ( around there ? ), 
  the distance from eu to usa . 
  still i think the aus internet could do a bit better if more cables were layed from the aus to the usa so that packets do n't get delayed before being sent on their way . 
  at least i thought aus had relatively bad internet infrastructure ... 
  curious as well , if someone could explain ? 
  im curious as to why you would go manta on tinker back then . 
  were n't there better options ? 
  or was the playstyle such that you would bt to an enemy to gank them and keep them sheeped with a lot of illusions attacking him as well ? 
  g , space , xcv , t. 
  tend to usually keep stuff like bottle/wand on g boots on space and everything else randomly on xcv . 
  all these keys are really easy to reach but i chose them pretty randomly, 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  that makes loads of sense . 
  of course i did n't know how all the items were back then , but knowing that now it indeed seems like it was a great way to build tinker . 
  or better yet : make it a matchmaking gamemode !!, 
  i do n't see the problem ? 
  i always wonder what the people who do shit ( no pun intended ) like that look like ? 
  i mean who would take a shit all over the toilet instead of in the toilet ? 
  why ? 
  40 min bf on gondar makes me cry all the time . 
  not because of the terrible farm per se but because they still think a bf at 40 min is the best item you could possibly go for . 
  although i guess most of these people dont think and just follow a set in stone build, 
  i do n't think lothars is the best you could go although i see why you would get it , namely for the huge crit out of invis ( right ? ) . 
  i think , if you want big damage , you would be better off with something else , like a desolator ( which together with track provides a lot of - armor and also increases the crit you do out of stealth ) . 
  if you buy lothars you are basically paying for an invis active which does n't affect you so you are wasting money on that is how i look at it . 
  cool story ... 
  later on net worth is the only thing that means anything , since it is the combined worth of all the items in the heroes possesion and its current gold ( not counting consumables i think and stuff on the courier ) . 
  gpm does n't take into account consumables used during the course of the game while net worth does . 
  net worth doesnt count all the used tps salves clarities wards etc while gpm does so its a more accurate representation of the level of items the hero is at . 
  hey man i am wondering if you would be able to trade one of your quas essences for one of my wex essences , just to help me complete my egg . 
  would appreciate it if you would take the time to trade it with me , 
  steam is : dizaster2, 
  ps i 've tried asking in-game but no luck , so hoping someone on this subreddit is kind enough to help me out . 
  but buying tps all game long can really add up combined with maybe some earlygame consumables . 
  can still turn out to be a few k at most . 
  nah they cost like 80 cents in the store ( euros ) iirc . 
  already traded but thx anyway :-), 
  slayers is an actual part of the ( former i think ? ), 
  sc2 slayers team ? 
  in theory animals are referred to as it right ? 
  but most of them have genders : o : o : o, 
  if you go through the trouble of using an invoker script you might as well bind a button to toggle the script . 
  but then he will not get acknowledgment for his funny remark !!!, 
  yes but i think formally in english you refer to animals as ` it ' . 
  if someone could also create a table for this with when the optimal time to release illuminate is would be great !, 
  agree , but how do you determine which games were the top games ? 
  do you just have 1 renowned person subjectively decide a top10 every week and post it or some kind of voting system ? 
  although i guess if you get a person well known within the community with lots of competitive knowledge he should be able to pick the top10 games himself without too much people disagreeing too much . 
  thanks !, 
  i guess that 's because wr and kotl cast times are thesame ? 
  also since it does n't work like this in wcdota anymore a ` fix ' should be expected somewhere in the future ? -, 
  toggle scripts are amongst the easiest scripts to make ... 
  alias on `` whatever you want when its on here ; bind x off '', 
  alias off `` whatever you want when its off here ; bind x on '', 
  bind x on, 
  now pressing x does whatever you want when the script is on ( eg make all the binds for the invoker script ) and pressing x again will do whatever you want when it is turned off ( eg unbind it all again ) . 
  what they just should do is release the mmr ( or whatever you like to call it ) to the players , be it public or private . 
  i know a lot of people will be against this because it will encourage discrimination based on rating but if its private to maybe you and friends that would be nice . 
  i for one would like to know how i 'm doing compared to everyone else and see if i 'm getting ` better ' ( not saying higher mmr is better perse but it gives an indication ) . 
  however try not to run into them when running past them . 
  they may notice their character models stuttering because they are momentarily blocked by the invisible hero they are chasing and if they are smart they might assume you went the other way and randomly shoot a skillshot that direction . 
  so you got bitten by a snake right ? 
  here have some anti ... what was it again ? 
  ah yeah anti-depressiva !, 
  have some !!, 
  depending on where he got bitten , if they knew this was going to be the effect if they treated it the way they did , would n't they have been better off just amputating the foot/lower leg altogether right away ? 
  could n't he just hammer two poles into the ground and a horizontal plank in between them in his backyard ? 
  rather than doing it randomly at the side of the road ... 
  i assume he still has to take it home to cook / preserve it anyway so that is not a very good argument :p unless he afterward set the sign on fire and used it to cook it . 
  that 's why you should walk in like half a circle around them when you are invis instead of straight through them , 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  and . . you know . . against wards and the like , they tend to be invisible sometimes . 
  wow his neck is thicker than his actual head xd, 
  imagine if he has full control over each of his fingers and if they grow normally : o it would be epic to have 7 fingers on each hand, 
  i like to use ravage while the teamfight is happening , so both of the teams are like all fighting and then you pop ravage , catch anywhere from 2-5 and while those 2-5 heroes are getting stunned and damaged they take free damage from your teammates . 
  its often way more effective than a straight up blink ravage unless there is instant followup i find . 
  you get some stuff if you buy it i think , so if you are the kind of person with a lot of money who would want that kind of stuff you can buy it and get some stuff :p, 
  could n't you for one second stop being a complete and utter douchebag ? 
  i get how nobody likes you and you have to somehow express your miserable live to others in this way . 
  sorry that not everyone goes out hunting everyday and knows everything about hunting . 
  not everyone lives in places where they even hunt and not everybody knows everything about it like you mr. 
  expert .
