  ( just examples dont get mad americunts ), 
  well but as long as the law is 60mph you ca n't just go drive 100 and then be confused as to what you did wrong . 
  i should become a terrorist , they will never suspect a bomb to be hidden underneath my tophat . 
  great now american politicians have a new war to announce for the next elections : the war on toddlers of course . 
  you guys can downvote all you want but this is true for a lot of games . 
  did n't the latest blops have p2p multiplayer ? 
  i recall getting booted out of matches because the host lost his connection . 
  also i know sf4 does p2p and probably a ton of other games use p2p to save on server costs . 
  yeah i do n't care either way op just comes across as a ginormous douchetard . 
  well is n't there like an x % you can go over legally anyway ? 
  or do you guys get fucked in the usa ? 
  i 'll have a lot of fun laughing at america the upcoming 40-50 years . 
  as long as they are n't actually retarded enough to begin launching nukes for the next war on < noun  . 
  no , obviously his haircut . 
  why ? 
  at least i do n't live in a fucked up country . 
  i should be feeling sorry for you but i wo n't spend any time feeling sorry for an apathic people . 
  i 'm no polotician so i do n't care about the difference between black or afro - american ( as an example , the last `` politically correct '' version does n't even make sense as it assumes all black people are american . ), 
  second if you think i am a terrorist you might be suffering from slight paranoia induced by your government 's holy war on oil . 
  discussing in another thread how removing trash bins for the holy war on `` terror '' is ridiculous does n't actually make me a terrorist . 
  according to who ? 
  i 'd add some more ways in there if i were you . 
  maybe in a year or so the roles will be swapped and devs do n't want to develop for ms anymore . 
  after the huge meltdown that will occur at launch when uninformed average consumers buy one . 
  i somewhat agree . 
  if they enjoy their mudering and raping so much they should also be willing to bear the consequences which they knew were there from the start . 
  some people have legitimate issues tho bu usually in normal developed countries they could just visit a psychiatrist/therapist . 
  at this point i do n't think you even require a tinfoil hat any more for statements like these . 
  how about the war on shit healthcare or the war for better education or the war against potholes . 
  i 'm sure the war on drugs is n't the only way to create more jobs . 
  was n't the choice voting based on color or on gender ? 
  only in america are color and gender more important than actual content when it comes to politics . 
  i see but if they 're losing money developing for ms i doubt they would be interested . 
  although i doubt they will be losing money but looking like it now it looks as if ps4 will have a bigger marketshare . 
  i 'm sorry for typing on a 2 inch screen phone and not typing perfectly . 
  and now you are just attacking me on points which were n't relevant at all . 
  at which point i stop taking you seriously . 
  no i have n't been in the usa and i 'm from the netherlands . 
  so while i ca n't speak from first hand experience i feel like i 've read enough about your capitalist government style that i know i do n't like it one bit . 
  i 'll take a big leap and say no . 
  so kind of like how in roman times the romans viewed the love between two men as true love and the women were just used to make more little romans . 
  i wonder where the islam went from loving man-loving men to stoning man-loving men . 
  that 's pretty sad because as far as i know the only rule you need to know is stuff that 's on the roundabout goes before stuff that 's not on the roundabout . 
  well yeah i 'm pretty sure that in valve time december of that year has n't come around yet . 
  which is basically what i was saying right ? 
  well it is what i was saying assuming people coming from the right are given priority . 
  well if you get a couple more you can use them as simple cabinets . 
  except they automatically wash are your stuff !, 
  right . 
  wow that makes zero sense . 
  seems like by constantly blocking the roundabout you would slow traffic down rather than speed it up . 
  i 've seen leaked videos from usa choppers gunning down civilians in afghanistan just for the lulz . 
  i 'm pretty sure not all soldiers are friendly nice guys . 
  some other guy says that apparently the translator sucked ass . 
  i actually learned in my car theory ( which i did recently ) that if you are in the right lane on a two way roundabout you can go off at the first or second exit ( assuming four ) . 
  i guess that 's just the way traffic rules differ , 
  i 'm pretty sure not . 
  i saw it on youtube a few years ago and you could hear them talking . 
  i 'm not sure what was being said any more but i am pretty sure you could hear them talking about how the people they were firing on were civilians ( i 'm pretty sure the whole point of the video was to point that out . 
  we actually have one of the craziest roundabouts in a city here in the netherlands that i used to live nearby ( keizer karel plein in nijmegen for the interested ) . 
  it is basically a 3 ish lanes wide roundabout but with basically free for all rules ( there is no road marking and you can basically drive anywhere you want ) . 
  there are traffic lights here of course but it still gets pretty crazy . 
  the reason for this i think is because it connects 3 major roads and 4 or so smaller ones and a large portion traffic that goes through town has to go over it so they just want it to flow fast . 
  it 's a pretty dangerous roundabout and a lot of people who are anxious about roundabouts rather avoid it than use it . 
  i see . 
  it 's been too long ago for me to be sure but i think it 's the wikileaks video then . 
  i would but i 'm usually too lazy to keep joining chat rooms over and over and over again as it does n't save them as of now . 
  i understand why it does n't ( alphabeta and whatnot ) but i hope they add it soon so all us lazy redditors wo n't feel left out . 
  too bad . 
  because as long as they actually have consistent rules and people are informed of what to do they do allow for more traffic to pass through than a regular 4 way intersection . 
  i like how homer is making awkward eye contact with bart all the way through . 
  or at least during the frames used to make the loop . 
  i think we 've got to use xbo because i just ca n't not read x bone, 
  wow , mind = blown, 
  that would make sense : x, 
  sooo ... but ... is n't a roundabout basically a traffic circle as well ? 
  so you 're saying the only difference is who yields for who ? 
  in that case why can they just not make everything consistent ... why are people in charge so dumb ? 
  i see how you guys in nj are so confused about roundabouts if every roundabout is basically 50/50 chance of which ruleset applies . 
  so basically the difference is that everyone finds traffic circles confusing . 
  so confusing in fact that to one they had to add light signals and cut roads through the center ( ??? 
  seems like the worst idea ) . 
  also they are apparently bigger than roundabouts even though roundabouts have no fixed size ? 
  that article confused me more than anything lol . . 
  i can see why you people are confused . 
  yeah i 've been wondering about this . 
  i have no legal experience or knowlegde whatsoever . 
  but ca n't all the people involved or some kind of entity be sued by basically every other government in the world who have laws against spies ? 
  i 'll start using it i quite like it and i think ms deserves it for the path they 're taking . 
  if i had the money i would n't go for ms again but rather the ps4 . 
  you do n't have to tell me , i believe every word of it . 
  i was just saying that at this point in time you wo n't be immediately considered some kind of conspiracy nut when making statements like these . 
  would n't that be even more obvious than yielding rules ? 
  i mean you usually turn on your signals when you want to leave right ? 
  that does n't even change when on a roundabout lol . . 
  yeah . 
  the thing is there are apparently traffic circles and roundabouts in nj . 
  and the rules for traffic circles are basically decided by rolling a few dice . 
  good luck the next time you encounter a roundabout , you 'll apparently need it . 
  if they would actually make consistent rules for roundabouts and educate people there should n't be a problem .
