  they basically pushed real hard because axe tanks up the creeps beyond the tier1 with warlock heal . 
  was really annoying and i think it could work out well ( in that game they got a bit overzealous and we killed them a few times ) . 
  might be fun to try it with axe + anyone with a heal . 
  but is it supposed to work that way ? 
  i do n't remember the exact scenario , so you say he got glimpsed after buybacking and sent to the opponent base because that 's where he was 4 seconds ago ? 
  it does make sense and seems to me like it is probably intended that way then if this is the way it happened . 
  so probably intended then . 
  just a mechanic not a lot of people get to deal with so probably not a lot of people know about it . 
  he will probably wait 4 seconds to buyback next time  just as you usually tp to an earlier tower if you defend versus disruptor because he can just glimpse you back otherwise . 
  they could just call it minion kills or whatever then . 
  since in lol cs is only referring to the total number of minion/neutral kills , whereas in dota it also refers to denies . 
  they all look animated to me , but i 'm not an expert ... 
  then make commend whoring a reportable offense and then that problem is solved . 
  tobi mentioned some time on his stream that valve ` forgot ' to add some tickets with last weeks pat h so i assume they will be added this week . 
  wow your penis must be supertalented : o, 
  i guess it should divert some russians from the eu servers at least ... 
  may queue on austria myself seeing as i have no problems with people speaking german and 99 % on there will probably speak russian only anyway ... 
  sorry i 'm out , forgot to edit the op . 
  ~ i am the - shazbot ! ~, 
  and a sad day it was indeed . . :(, 
  sheeber pls !, 
  meka , heart, 
  russian is the first language of any euro server . 
  pretty sure the levels of backswing are also not taken arbitrarily but rather based on balance reasons . 
  i imagine playing with a mouse like the razer naga ( with all of the buttons ) it would still be very much doable . 
  just bind all abilities/items to your mouse and maybe some stuff near your mousehand so you can quickly press those buttons and you should be able to enjoy the game like anyone else . 
  not saying it 's the only way it 's just how i would probably go about it . 
  puppys english is really good actually :-), 
  this would be a hilarious gamemode to make when a map editor is released . 
  axe kotl ? 
  axe has infinite mana for bh spam and taunt can be used to set up illuminates . 
  just to add with batrider you want to stack as much as possible and take out big stacks with firefly and possibly some napalm to speed thimgs up . 
  keep in mind you can clear trees with fireflight to allow stacking 2 or 3 camps at once with relative ease, 
  yea too bad , dota 2 can really really use a good tutorial system to help ease new players in . 
  right now a lot of new players probably feel like they are thrown into the deep queueing their first few matches . 
  more russian servers which nobody will ever play on because all russians are too busy playing on every server but the russian one . 
  maybe make them all start with 5 meepos just for the lulz then :p, 
  the possibilities are endless, 
  fair points but the mana cost is still noticable on higher levels of battle hunger . 
  once you get battle hunger up higher with a kotl i imagine being able to keep both lane opponents battlehungered at all time . 
  soul ring only gives you 1.5-2 ish battle hungers every 30 secs . 
  i agree that there are ofc better heroes to pair with kotl . 
  does that also show aoes and stuff like malor95 implied ? 
  i tried it once and all i got was a green line from my hero to my cursor when clicking a spell ( so ready to left-click cast ) . 
  oh yea of course it is , i do n't know why but for some reason i apparently forgot it right there :p . 
  so what is the use of the command then again if all it does it draw a green line from your hero to your cursor ? 
  but you would go back in time and thus not have finished once yet , 
  any max ms spell *, 
  you can use the time the enemy is disrupted and torrented to close in on them and catch them out that way . 
  dude !, 
  no way this is real , i just read a thread by a friend of the internet : oo, 
  day = made, 
  so what is the reasoning behind only adding them for these skills ? 
  is it because they have a low % chance to occur ? 
  i know that in dota 1 it is used for everything due to engine limitations , but this results in some items like vanguard having a higher proc chance than is displayed on the item . 
  this use of it ( attacking creeps to build up your chance ) still has a chance of failing though because if you crit the creep the chance will be back to its base chance . 
  and also he 's bald !!!, 
  ca n't go wrong !, 
  mobile games ? 
  what do they mean by that ? 
  they want world cyber games of angry birds , templerun and such ? 
  that would be a. . . rather odd choice . 
  i played earthshaker vs a clockwerk like yesterday , it was a sad time to be had :( ... until i got blink and we got a sweet echo slam sonic wave wombo combo on four :d, 
  inb4 massive downvotes by rabid apple fanboys, 
  so what you are saying is basically that the lobsters are now a part of you and instead of 10 fingers you now have 4 lobster claws right ? 
  thats awesome, 
  i usually skip it on od since he has no use for the mana portion of the stick/wand with his aura . 
  i always feel like i could rather use the 500 something gold on something else when playing od . 
  unless i am playing in a lane with opponent with spammable spells . 
  for relevance . 
  happy cake day !, 
  maybe just a different type of courier ? 
  would n't they then also have attack animations ? 
  of course they could still be added later . 
  i think they may just be couriers . 
  i see , fuck this guy then . 
  yes the organisation is definetely to blame . 
  the casters should be applauded for stepping up to at least provide commentary . 
  ( as opposed to no commentary ), 
  more like : . enil ylggiuqs enil ylggiuqs enil ylggiuqs enil ylggiuqs enil ylggiuqs enil ylggiuqs, 
  him being bad at multitasking at the time probably has to do with playing the game of dota 2 while at the same time giving commentary on your play . 
  i assume he got better at combining those things and thus multitasking ( playing and giving commentary simultaneously ) by simply streaming a lot . 
  yep , probably after being inspired by the legit asian impersonater post like yesterday or something . 
  yea this one just made me facepalm and wonder what drives people to submit stuff like this . 
  because the swastika depicted in this picture is the original symbol i think standing for peace or some stuff . 
  hitler inverted the symbol and used it . 
  you are so funny op . 
  please make more ` funny ' posts in the future . 
  i see , after looking at it again i wondered how i thought that one was legit , it looks just as freshly printed as the second one . 
  also you can see the same colored desk in both pictures . 
  another internet mystery solved ... or whatever, 
  stop wondering if your own stuff is legit it 's not funny . 
  you think ops responses to me are funny ? 
  i 'm not saying the posted content is n't funny just that it 's pretty stupid to spend god knows how much time to create these funny posts for the internet for some points . 
  also calling people fags for no reason seems kind of harsh . 
  so your friend is basically an imbicile then ? 
  what does oj even mean ? 
  that makes no sense . . 
  if you want mana for axe wouldnt you be just as good off building soul ring and maybe tranquil boots ? 
  for greevils i have only seen the walking version before halloween too .
