  ah that would be true . 
  misunderstood your point then . 
  worked fine for me . 
  i thought he meant gagged , out of disgust, 
  lane him with kotl as a support . 
  you get a good support which together with doom can push pretty fast ( the fire + horses ) and it gives doom infinite mana basically . 
  the thing is , if you strength morph all the way you would have more ehp vs magic damage but probably less vs physical damage because you take away some of the armor you have of which rubick already does n't have a great amount . 
  probably when the opponent relies heavily on physical damage since you get rid of all your armor it would probably make your ehp less than before . 
  so is that the main reason he has suddenly been seeing so much play in the competitive scene by ie empire ? 
  saw dendi on pudge buying it 1 recent game so he could fade where he thought enemies would soon pass by to ambush them . 
  your logic is sort of flawed , if they firstpick jakiro we can pick ta ourselves with maybe chen or w/e . 
  the only reason i have ever come up with is that they simply think they are better than everyone else . 
  those kind of players usually do n't listen to your help/suggestions either . 
  either that or they 're a trolling kid who thinks he 's extremele funny . 
  ah of course : s. back then it somehow made sense inside my head lol ... sry for that . 
  that aside , at least he 's not russian ... 
  i think the difference is that the ward can not be controlled by wd whereas the wolfs can be controlled by lycan . 
  but you 're venomancer , you will die regardless . 
  well you seemed to be playing tiny as more of a tank/utility hero comboing people with avalanche toss for killing , whereas in dota currently people seem to almost always build a carry tiny . 
  carry tiny usually revolves around getting high mobility and attackspeed combining that with aghs to rape shit lategame . 
  item build would be something similar to phase boots drums yasha aghs manta . 
  i know in hon the tiny equivalent was exclusively played as a solomid ganker with blink to just kill squishies all over the place , but the aghs upgrade in dota seems to make carry tiny a more viable choice as he will carry insanely hard once you get the items up . 
  if you look at it that way than no a to z will ever count unless while doing it only heroes happen to be released that start with a letter after the letter you a currently at . 
  yea it is retarded , i do n't remember it always being like that though , it started happening for me a few weeks ago i think but i could be mistaken . 
  made a video of kunkka wiping both the team in 1 hit this way . 
  some slight changes though , spectre has 3 hearts but the crit didnt kill her , so i gave a bot a medaillion to lower her armor to be able to also kill spectre . 
  link : [ youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es1oevhrjei ), 
  it was level 7 , but apparently you only need level 4 to get level 4 dispersion with cheats on oo but he was 7 as to get level 4 dispersion, 
  sure , everyone could probably have had a lot more health regardless , but i just put level 1 bots with a lvl 7 spectre and kept redoing it until i got a crit ( 3rd time ) so the bots were all level 2-3 ish . 
  well the guy above me ( top comment ) calculated that you needed 3 hearts to reflect 930 damage back to the radiant , so i just went with that . 
  it depends of the hp of the heroes you are trying to kill , you could calculate it all . 
  coder and game designer obviously . 
  seeing as he probably comes up with most of the game mechanics and number tweaks . 
  if you look closely you can see the circle that appears when tping around veno . 
  it 's a bit hard to see because of all the illusions exploding around him . 
  highlighted it for you . 
  even if he did n't stop tping i doubt he would have gotten away in time ... he would not live for 3 seconds in the wall anyway . 
  he should not have tped inside the wall so the illusions would n't go on endlessly . 
  someone did n't pay their hosting bills . 
  hey man , i get it you play on pc ? 
  i bought ssf4ae like 2 days ago for pc . 
  played sf4 on the 360 ages ago a bit but was n't really good at it . 
  if you are from eu feel free to add me on gfwl ( pwnzaster ) ( do n't mind the shitty name its rly old ) or steam ( dizaster2 ) . 
  also other new players who read this and want somebody to play feel free to add me !, 
  also i play dictator for what its worth . 
  i also play a reallly like really shitty ryu and blanka . 
  still checking out all the characters as most of them are changed/new in ssf4ae ( compared to my experience in sf4 ), 
  in hon sny used to be core on nearly every ranged carry , because the fws and manta together was just really good . 
  also axe can ult enemies to kill them . 
  more viable usages of having 2 block instances are tide kraken shell + stout shield combination or say axe going 2 stout shields in order to tank stacked hard camps a bit easier for quick farming with the counter helix . 
  it does ? 
  oh yea . . my bad . . 
  i was probably thinking of tidehunter using a stout shield to block creep damage to be able to tank the lane better or for when he does n't have kraken shell yet . 
  but that was irrelevant anyway :p, 
  riot has nothing to do with the streaming of anything nor do they have any business with people getting ddosed . 
  i got a rare rectangular stone belt , it looks kind of ok . 
  still better than bs shoulders which you cant see anyway because they are so small ... 
  how does od give tinker mana ? 
  also if the tinker buys a couple of bloodstones and then gets fed some kills from the opponent he will also have a shitton of mana regen . 
  still wo n't do nearly enough damage as a carry with 6 items . 
  because pudge can get more str indefinitely from his flesh heap passive . 
  because pudge is a str hero he also get damage from it , so in theory you could feed him kills for a few hours and have a shitton of base damage which gets amplified by auras as well . 
  the manacost is still crazy low , considering only his q and r cost mana and both do n't cost much . 
  1 person with manaboots on your team and you can spam at will . 
  cd is decently high on level 1 but still 60 seconds on level 3 . 
  right , because cyborgmatt is icefrog and he decides what effects are added to the roshan courier ... 
  right ? 
  sure it might take long but i guess if you really wanted the gold courier and find 9 other poeple who also 100 % want the courier just let the game tie and feed pudge a couple of hours ... at least you should be able to kill him the fastest if you have a pudge with huge damage and huge life so you dont have to dodge his skills ( you ca n't keep rosh sheeped anymore ) . 
  well ursa should already be in the lineup anyway , i 'm saying as a replacement for tinker . 
  yea i also approximate that rounded down about 0 % of the people checking out the podcast will get that reference ... 
  seems like a lot of people will be offended by it . 
  right ... 
  we were talking about pudge though , not silencer . 
  silencer has the amount of int he can steal capped to the int that the bots have ( since the bots lose the int ) . 
  maybe that 's why you did less damage than expected because it showed like 504 int stolen but actually was in reality lower because the bots did n't have 504 combined int ( display bug maybe ? ) . 
  pudge however , in theory , can stack strength indefinetely . 
  so say you were to find 10 people without lives you could spend half a day feeding kills to pudge and then oneshot roshan for a free gold courier . 
  are you using chrome ? 
  there were apparently issues with the streaming platform they were using ( dailymotion ) combined with chrome . 
  i had bad lag on chrome on any quality but when i switched to opera ( ff or ie should work too probably ) i could watch 720 without lag ever . 
  probably , also had issues on chrome with sound screwing up : s basically using chrome is impossible for that streaming platform somehow ... kind of sad to see them not supporting chrome seeing as it has a huge market share . 
  i think the eswc may have a contract with dailymotion because as far as i could tell all the eswc games were streamed on dailymotion ... kind of stupid tbh , they should 've just gone with an actual good streaming platform like twitch/own3d , at least they support chrome o_o, 
  then maybe it has to do with which version of chrome people are running , 
  actually he can keep 1 hero permanently hexed , not an entire team . 
  i guess you could hex 2 heroes simultaneously for a short time . 
  so then basically it would all come down to luck , i.e. 
  getting ursa , tinker and some other carry/aura heroes , to get the prize . 
  your wording made it seem like you did mean it that way  nvm then ^ ^, 
  you ca n't say valve designed an event in which the fastest group gets a reward that is n't meant to be competitive . 
  it is a competition to get the fastest time . 
  u should 've tried hong kong server or something with longest queue time honestly . 
  the lag does not really matter if you only have to hit rosh like once . 
  why not ? 
  you can connect to any server you like . 
  300-400 ping wo n't be too much of a problem if all you have to do is feed pudge kills for 5-10 hours and then onehit roshan :p, 
  even though it is high traffic time in asia you might still be better off getting all 10 together in the hong kong servers , not too many people play on them afaik . 
  ( always really high queue times ), 
  or when you are undying and they have like 5 melee and you get shittons of free strength ( they dont lose any though ) and you turn into a huge ass undead zombie dude . 
  well when you go for the fastest roshan kill and spend a whole day on it i do n't think you should be bothered by losing 1-2 items xd, 
  alchemist is one of the hardest lategame carries in the game , because of the fact that his ult reduces his bat to 1.0 making him by far the fastest attacker in the game if he has max attack speed ( am has 1.4 bat and is the fastest after alchemist in dota 2 ( afaik ) ) .
