  the other is right . 
  nobody is right . 
  in three of those four cases at least one of the pair guessed right , so that 's a 75 % chance . 
  i like trials . 
  so where is the video ? 
  looks like you forgot to add a link ? 
  i think the jumping animation has a few startup frames . 
  if you manage to do a 720 during those startup frames you can do ultra without the jump coming out . 
  it 's more suka or sooka, 
  what ? 
  irregardless is just a word which happens to be a synonym of regardless . 
  if someone says inflammable instead of flammable or pants instead of trousers do you also go mental ? 
  how 's that ? 
  all three word pairs are pairs of synonyms . 
  i see now . 
  looked some more into it and people use irregardless as regardless , but it is apparently not widely accepted as being synonym and recommended is to use regardless . 
  the dictionary i consulted at first told me they were synonyms . 
  it also says heath instead of health . 
  just to clarify : that effect in cookie clicker was n't actually negative . 
  if you get the wurm things suck your cookie ( or whatever ) you will get less cookies now , but more after you pop the wurms . 
  in total you made more cookies if you just let the wurms suck your cookie . 
  i like trials !, 
  that 's why it has a big warning telling you that you will lose the hero soul bonus dps when you purchase an ancient . 
  i was just like half a day into my first ascend when the 0.12 patch was released . 
  so far it seems alright i guess ? 
  i have never had cooldown reduction or bonus gold from the hero souls so maybe it 's just a matter of not knowing what i am missing out on . 
  so far i 've only got 1 level of cdr and the rest of my souls i spent on the dps ancient and it seems to be going great ? 
  i probably wo n't be able to really level a lot of ancients up for a while because that will just hurt my dps bonus so much . 
  is there actually a way to know if you 've already beat the primal boss of a level ? 
  or should i just keep track of this on my own so that later i can go back and farm all the primal bosses that i missed if i want to do so for more hs ? 
  but if youve already encountered it going up you could be waiting forever ? 
  or are the odds high enough that you just move on after some time ? 
  of course the auto clicker is faster . 
  not sure what beats clicking 100 + times per second in terms of dps . 
  i do n't know , use a better autoclicker ? 
  you specifically mention that energizing reload will double its effect . 
  however , it only seems to reduce my dark ritual cooldown by 60 minutes rather than 120 . 
  which results in my dr having a 45 min ish cooldown after doing 869 - wait 15 min - 89 , then i have to either wait 45 min or wait 15 min without using skills for another 89 to fully refresh it . 
  am i somehow doing something wrong or is there supposed to be a 45 min downtime ? 
  the way you make it sound is that you can have a dark ritual going off every 15 minutes not every hour . 
  edit : so basically what i 'm saying is : the second energize appears to have no effect . 
  also not on the dark ritual which is cast after the reload . 
  yeah i understand this . 
  what does energizing reload do then ? 
  it apparently does n't trigger twice on the last used dark ritual if you go 8 6 9 - 8 9 . 
  i assume it then triggers once on dark ritual and once on the last skill used before that . 
  so if you go 8 6 9 8 9 - 8 6 9 8 9 , will the last reload then trigger twice on dark ritual ? 
  since the last 2 used skills except energize and reload are 2 times dark ritual ? 
  of course i mean without using any other skills in between or else it obviously would not reload the dark ritual . 
  i 'm about to try this btw so i will probably find out soon if it can trigger twice on dark ritual i guess . 
  does it get hot in the cockpit ? 
  seeing as you are just continuously being blasted by the sun through the glass . 
  if you do n't see a primal boss the first time you enter a boss zone , then that boss will never be primal in the current world . 
  so you ca n't just idle a while on a boss zone and wait for a prima one to spawn , that 's not how it works . 
  interesting . 
  so ideally you would want to upgrade him at the start of a new world if you were going to upgrade him . 
  because that way you wo n't have to check all previous zones or miss out on souls . 
  i think the mistake i may have made was using 896 89 instead of 869 89 , which results in the dark ritual still having a 45 minute cooldown when you are done instead of it being ready to cast . 
  i got it down fine now . 
  on google chrome at least you can save a page as a pdf file . 
  you can do this by right clicking and selecting print , then change the printer to ` save as pdf ' . 
  he means prepared as in having the proper tools to actually remove the tar . 
  unless you just wanted to lick it off or something , but that will probably take you forever . 
  i 've noticed issues since yesterday as well . 
  on source the stream buffer just instantly runs out and on high it keeps up for a minute maybe at most before running out . 
  the initial loading of the video on source can also take upwards of a few minutes . 
  edit : the buffer runs out on all qualities eventually , the lower the quality the longer it seems to take before it runs out . 
  i 've had a lot of these kinds of buffering issues before with twitch but it has never been this bad . 
  speedtest shows my connection is the same as usual ( around 75 mbps down ) and nothing other than twitch seems hindered . 
  isp : upc ( netherlands ), 
  pretty sure it 's somewhere in the options . 
  i believe so . 
  probably because their demand wasnt in dollars . 
  the universe doesnt revolve around america . 
  i agree . 
  they seem very america centered . 
  you should be aware that for example there also are indian or black people who are n't of american descent . 
  yay, 
  theres also a search bar and filters which i found really useful, 
  i 'm sure he is just from the fact that you seriously just used bruh . 
  the sims ? 
  unless she does n't like the sims i doubt there would be a better sims-like experience on kongregate than the real deal . 
  i 've never come across a sims-like game on kongregate either way . 
  he said less dense . 
  i just tried this , but instead of the play button there 's just an advertisement . 
  i ca n't seem to be able to start the game in any way using the flash 15 projector . 
  i think playing it in the stand alone flash player would be less laggier , so would appreciate it if someone else who has already encountered and fixed this problem before can help me . 
  edit : fixed it , i made a dumb mistake . 
  instead of opening the url i opened a local copy of the . swf that i downloaded . 
  they existed in wc3 at least . 
  a football as opposed to a handegg, 
  link broke ? 
  we are aware of the imperial system . 
  we just choose to use the more convenient one . 
  having this problem for hours now even with a fresh install . 
  definitely on their end . 
  ( netherlands ), 
  anime, 
  maybe . 
  i definitely would n't have seen this suggestion and given it my stamp of approval otherwise .
