  just because they are socially accepted does n't make them different . 
  google seems to disagree with you . 
  a religion or religious sect generally considered to be extremist or false , with its followers often living in an unconventional manner under the guidance of an authoritarian , charismatic leader . 
  of course this is just one of many definitions of cult but in all the ones i found i can easily see religions as cults and vice versa . 
  this may be because in my eyes ( a conscious , critical human ) all religion is false . 
  i think it 's reasonable to view cults as socially unacceptable religions . 
  just type in ` shitty wizard ' on google ? 
  or maybe in this context you would maybe think ` shitty wizard dota 2 ' would yield more accurate results if you do n't know what it means . 
  but in this case it seems you only get dota 2 related links on at least the first page of results anyway . 
  go outside and see some hobo 's grabbing stuff out of trash cans ? 
  really ? 
  they called it `` terror tv '' ? 
  just because it happens to be a foreign and thus ` scary ' news outlet ? 
  also the one to simon to let him know he was the fake simon and the real one was taken away comes to mind . 
  i think he 's implying to use 3g . 
  which would probably be slow , unstable and expensive as fuck ( unless you get no data limit and live somewhere with a very good and stable 3g connection ) . 
  does the head tilting actually matter or is that part just to make people look silly ? 
  to monitor thoughts . 
  there is no real reason other than that . 
  quit school then !, 
  but we like shiny things :(, 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure they would get wasted from it if jesus told them it was wine . 
  `` goaste.cx '', 
  well since it has dedicated servers you can probably just play on a server with a player limit lower than 24 . 
  well you ca n't expect them to work for free after having been in school for so long to become a doctor . 
  you 're not working for free either are you ? 
  well maybe if other major youtubers did this it would at least get the message across to youtube that their comment section does n't work for popular videos . 
  it 's his mom 's genes, 
  i read . 
  he can however just tell them to show some respect and act like and adult or gtfo . 
  does n't mean it should just be accepted . 
  as esports and gaming are being taken more seriously with more money and more viewers they ca n't just have some guys acting like 12 year old kids playing cod on xbox on stage ... 
  or if you want to live . 
  really do n't know why it 's not considered standard practice for best of series to include anti spoilers like you did and also anti spoiler vods . 
  what 's that subreddit where people edit boob jiggling gifs so that the boobs always stay at the same height called again ? 
  i feel like you guys may need to do something like that here ... 
  you forgot the ` le ' . 
  well if you are just going to copypaste memes you might as well . 
  greyface = grey face ( no space ), 
  such troll, 
  or melt some of the snow and let it freeze again to ice so you have a snowball with a hard icy core in the middle . 
  if it 's a shit computer it should definitely help a bit since it 's less complex to render i guess . 
  i just had to squint a lot harder ( or change the distance i guess ) . 
  if it were infinitely large you would n't see the light of every star , as there will be stars beyond our observeable universe ( their light has n't reached earth yet ) . 
  i do n't think a computer program cares much about what it spends its time on . 
  pepperidge farm remembers ... 
  anti semite !, 
  sips you magnificent bastard !, 
  they * could * have changed the scale for say 14 to be what 10 used to be in the past . 
  i 'm getting this error when trying to select a payment method . 
   there seems to have been an error initializing or updating your transaction . 
  please wait a minute and try again or contact support for assistance . 
  the payment forms and stuff also load very slowly . 
  sounds like something going on on valve 's end . 
  which is also from a us based company so there 's no reason for them to not mine data from it as well . 
  then you 're probably a lot more likely to be hit by traffic as well . 
  it 's the work of the commie antichrist that 's what it is !, 
  do n't listen to this troll and just download your ram !, 
  but not voting for them is wasting your vote !, 
  sounds like it 's time for them to pass a bill so nobody can charge congressmen higher than other customers . 
  actually it 's from the first austin powers movie . 
  anything that does n't praise israel is , have n't you heard ? 
  right , and being obnoxiously extravert and attention whoring all the time is so great !, 
  i 'd rather be surrounded by boring shells than a bunch of manic americunts . 
  the ones your govt would like you to believe happen bi-daily everywhere if it were n't for them and their war on x. i mean look at the rest of the world , we are constantly getting blown up and stuff right ? 
  the ones your govt would like you to believe happen bi-daily everywhere if it were n't for them and their war on x. i mean look at the rest of the world , we are constantly getting blown up and stuff by those damn commie muslim terrorists right ? 
  that 's exactly what my ( dutch ) mom said when she came back from her visit to orlando . 
  she felt that waiters and stuff in restaurants were so fake and forced . 
  funny how culture works . 
  i even managed to complete domain of anguish using me and 7 heroes . 
  with very specific builds and some basic micro it was pretty doable, 
  should n't ` mic ' be connected to the ear drums and ` speakers ' to the mouth ? 
  assuming the mouth is supposed to make sound and the ear drums are supposed to register sound . 
  you are the reason america is the laughing stock of the world . 
  you have your heads so far up your ass and all just keep repeating obscenely patriotic chants like a flock of parrots . 
  and now it will be posted again by someone reading this ... 
  karma is serious business , people will murder you for that 1 karma . 
  i think using adobe acrobat you can create buttons within a form . 
   http://help.adobe.com/en_us/acrobat/using/wsbb6ef75f-bc3d-4094-b787-fb76dae1ebdc.w.html, 
  you can add actions to the button but as i do not have acrobat at hand i ca n't really check if this works like you want it to . 
  i think the show/hide field action may be what you are looking for . 
   show/hide a field toggles between showing and hiding a field in a pdf document . 
  this option is especially useful in form fields . 
  for example , if you want an object to pop up whenever the pointer is over a button , you can set an action that shows a field on the mouse enter trigger and hides a field on mouse exit . 
  maybe they operate under the laws and rules of just one country but pay the other one some kind of rent for the land they are using in the other country . 
  oh this is great to know !, 
  just picked the game up again after having not played it for a while . 
  begun a hardcore ranger but i am sort of half making up a build as i go . 
  good to know i 'll at least get a free second chance in a bit , 
  yes and yes . 
  i think that falls under otherwise sabotaging over a period of time though . 
  physical reactions are allowed too . 
  you buy it ? 
  something times 0 is still 0 . 
  cool !, 
  question though : why does it leave behind a trail ? 
  is that just because of the exposure time of the camera or something ? 
  i have n't been able to watch source quality on any twitch stream for weeks without the video and audio stopping every few seconds . 
  yesterday on ad vs nip it actually worked fine for like 30 minutes for some reason before going back to stuttering every other second . 
  on high it is always fine except the quality is horrible on most streams .
