  aaand op was , once again , a faggot . 
  well it 's what i do and i like it :( . 
  ( i read the comments too if that matters ! ), 
  how is it an opinion that lgbt people are different from `` normal '' people ? 
  last i checked it was fact we are all the same . 
  yeah . . in this case it seems like she was n't convicted because they wanted to get more money from jails but rather because the judge thought he was some sort of maffia boss . 
  i would join but i have exams those two weeks :( . 
  maybe next time . 
  your best bet is to join a few chat channels and say what you want to buy every minute or so with a price . 
  meanwhile just look if someone sells what you need . 
  i have n't had problems with trading so far . 
  i have since i bought it already of course !, 
  i 've played against this deck as well or a similar one some days ago . 
  had 12 of every resource by the time i had 8 . 
  it seemed very potent to me . 
  i would assume more resources , more cards and balance changes in terms of content . 
  so you think non lgbt people are somehow superior ? 
  i know you are not saying this but you ca n't say that they are not normal people . 
  so the people in hong kong care more about the usa than the people living there ? 
  the world 's only poisonous mammal would be ? 
  just curious . 
  why are you even doing this ? 
  it 's just a waste of your time nobody think ur cool for ` trolling the le reddits ', 
  a more important question is why have n't they all been shut down already if they are basically committing fraud on a huge scale . 
  well to be fair these people probably rather not lose their jobs when it 's so hard to find another one . 
  if anything the executives are responsible and should be fired . 
  seems to be it . 
  the general order seems to be card effects and then enchants in the order in which they were cast . 
  it is clear . 
  the logic is perfectly fine . 
  damaged is reduced to 1 so they hit for 1 which means there is no overkill damage so it wo n't continue attacking . 
  the rules on the cards do n't have to do the thinking for you they just have to be consistent . 
  well what he probably should have done is talk to someone that is above the guy that issued that order . 
  although everyone was probably in favor of fraud because money . 
  someone should n't take hits to ask a question . 
  glad to see reddit is n't completely lost yet as it 's all good and dandy now . 
  they could have been made unrecognizable on the pictures ? 
  thank you for your contribution to this discussion . 
  it is kind of strange . 
  giving the peace prize to the president of a war machine . 
  i agree americunts are so extremely hypersensitive to racism and discrimination it 's rather sad . 
  ermagerd he said black hes so racist amirite america ? 
  yea pretty sure usa is one of the poorest countries in the world with the extreme debts . 
  i understand that the reason he got the noble peace prize is n't because of the many wars that the country he happens to be president of is fighting . 
  but i do feel like the prize would be better off given to people who actually do something for peace then , instead of for some political boogaloo . 
  so the way to contact the other player will be through skype/steam/something ? 
  they do n't seem to have gameaccounts for scrolls yet as it 's just a one-off tournament at the moment . 
  or can you also chat directly with your opponent once the tournament is under way ? 
  it has been a few years since i 've used esl . 
  anyway i hope this fills up so they will host more tournaments in the future . 
  that 's true . 
  it does n't state anywhere i can find on the esl site though if there is an official way . 
  although that site is still a horror to navigate . 
  why do people like you always act like you have to go to war to be against it . 
  that makes no sense . 
  some people willingly do n't join the military . 
  not a faster way just something you go through once if you are completely new and clueless about the game . 
  after that you should know all the basics . 
  to be frank they knew what they signed up for when they joined the military . 
  but i see your point . 
  no expert but i guess because the usa is pretty religious ? 
  so the majority just oppose it because of religion i think , i do n't see any other reason why it would take that long . 
  well does n't the church cause at least some of the gay hate ? 
  these people get taught from when they were children that gay people are inferior . 
  how about gdp per capita ? 
  which is a bit more sensible because of the sheer size of the population . 
  and if you think having that much debt does n't make the government poor ... they wo n't ever be able to pay those debts back without getting more debt so we 'll see where that goes . 
  so you argue that religion has no negative impact on the way people view lgbt people ? 
  maybe if you ask the nsa nicely . 
  depends entirely on the subreddit . 
  any chance for more slots ? 
  iirc both the other ones were full before i took note of them :(, 
  a system like this seems like the best contender to me . 
  it should n't really be complicated for players if the ui is clear . 
  i see . 
  maybe you can find someone to split the load ? 
  playing a game is about 2-3mb . 
  chat can take more in less time . 
  i know this because the first weekend our fiber was cut and i was playing using my phone 's 3g . 
  so i was monitoring usage because of a data limit . 
  well a lot of eu countries ' intelligence agencies were involved in prism as well right ? 
  yea why so complicated ... 
  wtb 2x speed 900g ea , etc etc works just fine . 
  i 've never had trouble buying stuff this way . 
  you 're not special because you are female and stop talking about dicks . 
  internet is decentralized and is just all the needed infrastructure connected together . 
  i assume by controlling it they mean being able to intercept every packet of data and have access to all data residing on servers . 
  now you got a stew going . 
  ( as a third party ) riiiiight . 
  those ridiculous over the top american accents totally do n't sound like raped english . 
  at least that somewhat makes sense considering litre and metre spelling . 
  you ca n't really expect them to know every letter of the alphabet tho man . . 
  might as well wait for the full patch notes in case op missed something . 
  so a dictatorship ? 
  i think your constitution is just for show at this point . 
  would the russian law extend to electronic games ? 
  videogames were relatively more expensive across the board in general . 
  because america has a huge celebrity fetish in general ? 
  maybe he is planning to put his karma on his cv to score a big whoring job . 
  also imagine that you are naked .
