  also too bad both your name and your ` funny meme ' are spelled wrong . 
  those are a very small minority i heard too . 
  all people i know with decent pcs run on high with 60fps easily . 
  i also run on 30 smooth all the time on low or between 40-60 if i do n't cap it ( which atm i do because of overheating issues on my laptop ) with a shitty quadro gpu ( lol ) and a mobile i7 which is pretty great , considering my gpu is well below minimum requirements . 
  it does . 
  the reason its easy at 80 is because 1 level is like 200k xp there and you still level around as fast . 
  not too sure on actual xp as i 'm only 73, 
  yes but in wow with say 10 accounts you still receive thesame drops , whereas in gw2 you get 10x more drops with 10 accounts compared to 1 . 
  if you set the interface size bigger it should fix the font . 
  quick workaround for now . 
  so correct me if i 'm wrong ,, 
  but you all are complaining the fee is too high but give no valid reason to argue that the fee is too high . 
  according to you guys it is too high because now you ca n't make a cheap profit ? 
  that 's a pretty lousy argument to lower the fee ... 
  i bought a quaggan tonic off of an event merchant in straits of devastation . 
  it turns you into an adorable baby quaggan . 
  because making a bot repair lvl 1 armor automatically is impossible ... 
  it 's ok you 're not getting rewards anyway . 
  source ? 
  or just pulling that date out of your ass ? 
  same , setting the frame limiter to 30fps actually created a smooth playing experience for me where my fps is a steady 30 unless in wvw . 
  it also randomly drops in some very specific areas ( first little bit of sorrow 's embrace comes to mind ) . 
  i heard you could only get those randomly ftom the mystic forge . 
  although i guess they could be superrare drops . 
  not sure so if i 'm wrong please correct me . 
  but not if you have to eat them thrice a week :\\, 
  suspend your disbelief ... 
  also influence is server specific . 
  hello stealingyourpixels from the past !, 
  real men play ssbm on the gamecube !, 
  and my axe !, 
  inb4 poeple asking if they will get banned for using the sigils, 
  will confirm that it is indeed the cutest thing in the game . 
  nope , the correspondence series had a few videos . 
  there you go . 
  the hardest thing is probably hist ultimate , when to use it and where to go ? 
  the main thing you have to do on storm to be effective is keep proccing your passive using the remnant and short ulti leaps for maximum damage . 
  disclaimer : i am by no means good at this game . 
  i played him a few times and early you can put out massive damage by keeping the napalm stacks up , either forcing your lane opponent ( s ) to move away or force them to eat the rediculous right click damage . 
  furthermore the knockback is just all around good for getting kills if you can land it , the lassoo a great disable and you can carry people on mountains while you are in flight removing them completely from the fight if they have no means of getting off . 
  he has quite a bit of utility and the napalm damage is great early game and the slow will remain useful throughout once you get some stacks up . 
  yea if it is obvious that the carry is going to be missing a few because he is doing something like munching on trees or smearing a salve over his body then you can take those but if it is obvious the carry is trying to get the last hit you should just let him for the better of the team . 
  the game would explode !, 
  except quite possibly . 
  or just have more matchups available every week . 
  like 5 per week taken from pro games from the past week . 
  as a mid in most pubs it can be really advisable to just invest in 1 set of wards if you want to have control over the rune but there are no wards . 
  think about it : you get 12 minutes of vision of runes that 's 5-6 rune spawns of which most of you could get if you are playing a mobile mid hero giving you a huge advantage if the opposing mid refuses to buy rune wards himself . 
  totally worth the 150 gold . 
  you leave out the context though . 
  not saying pendragon should have banned him or should not have banned him but randoming in lol ranked play does not compare to randoming in dota at all . 
  ranked in lol is basically superseriousmode where people are expected to pick a decent team . 
  also that person randoming randomed the pick , probably fucking over their team causing an instant lose depending on the pick , say if he randomed first pick nobody would have cared because they could have picked around it . 
  but that being said i do n't think he should abuse his powers like that , either ban everyone who randoms in ranked or ban nobody who randoms in ranked . 
  and if you start to ban everyone who randoms you might as well not allow it . 
  because saturday afternoon is a 100 % completely unacceptable time to watch a game right ? 
  and yet you seem to think that 5 am is more acceptable than actually moving it a few hours back so that the usa watches in the afternoon , eu in the evening . 
  it is indeed not . 
  removing a % sign would n't matter if it would only happen in dota 2 and not in wcdota because the values are still thesame , it just makes more sense . 
  * alchemist ( under chemical rage ) : bat 1.4 / 1.2 / 1.0, 
  * anti-mage : bat 1.45, 
  * juggernaut : bat 1.6, 
  * lone druid ( under true form ) : bat 1.6, 
  * lycanthrope ( under shapeshift ) : bat 1.5, 
  * soul keeper : bat 1.5, 
  * troll warlord ( under berserker rage ) : bat 1.55, 
  * treant protector : bat 1.9, 
  * windrunner : bat 1.5, 
  taken from [ the dota 2 wiki ] ( http://dota2wiki.com ), 
  mana boots soul ring shivas is where its at ( if shiva 's is a good option to get vs the opposing team ) . 
  someone is going to get the short end of the stick . 
  and apparently eu and na are the biggest amounts of people watching so better have good times for the largest amount of people rather than only good times for na . 
  yeah but that 's probably assuming you always hit all heroes with every lightning proc . 
  if i use the higher levels of the sacrifice on cooldown i never have mana issues with a wand or smt . 
  maybe if you spam all skills all the time . 
  i want to see shit blow up !, 
  aka tenacity . 
  iirc the lore on earthshaker states that he is an embodiment of the earth whereas before that he was just some kind of entity hibernating deep within the earth . 
  he gave himself the looks that he has i think . 
  in 10 years we all watch streams from our tvs probably, 
  tsm tsm tsm tsm tsm, 
  regi where your eyebrows at ?? 
  tsm, 
  yes it is, 
  would n't call x a skill shot per se , since its not something that you have to aim rather you just have to click on an enemy hero to cast the spell . 
  there is some skill required in using it though with regards to comboing off of the callback . 
  thing is the daedalus crit modifier is only like 275 % and pa 's is like 475 % ( numbers off the top of my head , not sure since they changed with 6.75 ) . 
  so i doubt you would be able to bridge that 200 % crit dmg gap somehow with tiny . 
  razor probably has other items on his mind than mekansm ... 
  i realise he should be built tanky but i usually go through stuff like vanguard , s & y , heart . 
  i 'm just an avg dota player and this way of building razor still comes natural to me as that was how you used to build the hon equiv of razor . 
  consider it done . 
  how big is your sample size ? 
  like 1 ? 
  maybe 2 ? 
  i just use whatever finger feels easiest in the moment myself . . 
  i have been using esdf since forever ( comes from playing quake ) so i guess my usual setup is q with pinky since that is what i usually press q with when playing games controlled with esdf , 
  second this . 
  adding paragraphs makes it easier to read especially for me using my phone . 
  but alchemist in ult form with max attackspeed would attack faster than wr with mac attackspeed vecsuse of the lower base attack time .
