  i like trials !, 
  the teleport isnt instant . 
  it has the same delay when using it on chen . 
  now imagine there 's a tiny ass spooky skeleton in there compared to how big she is . 
  that skeleton is doing some heavy lifting . 
  trials !, 
  i like it !, 
  probably put some bleach in your car . 
  while you 're at it maybe you should drink some bleach too . 
  probably . 
  the only thing similar to me is that on both covers the guy is looking towards you and pointing somewhere behind . 
  i hope that thing has fingerguards ? 
  i 'll just leave this here . 
  even before the whole cheating thing they were not really a group of players you would want to support . 
  very childish and unsportsmanlike . 
  ysera has always been a strong lategame card . 
  it 's only useful if you actually get to play it though . 
  cost, 
  i think that should be fine . 
  your computer will be assigned a different ip address than the other one with the same mac address on the network . 
  half life 1 and quake live dont run on the same engine at all . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure about this at all but i would think hl runs on the source engine and ql on some kind of id software engine ( quake 3 engine ? ) . 
  in the vanilla quake physics both methods can be as fast if perfected . 
  circlejumping using only the strafe buttons in quake is a bit different than when you are also holding forward ( inverted strafejumping / circlejump with only using the strafe keys and no w ( or e ) ) and i 'm not 100 % sure if it 's at all possible to gain speed that way in the quake live engine ( it definitely is in vq3 physics in quake 3 ) . 
  it probably doesnt work with only the strafe keys in any kind of physics where you have proper air strafe control like cpm or the ql equivalent , instead of gaining any speed you will only turn . 
  edit : the 2 methods ( only strafe keys or strafe and w ) are the same in that you will have to move the mouse while holding it , but using only the strafe keys you will need a different orientation/angle to gain speed . 
  i like trials . 
  so does sipsco , did n't you read the letter ? 
  was there a queen on g6 on the previous puzzle ? 
  i 've had cases where for some reason a piece from the previous puzzle appears as a kind of ` ghost ' piece ( you ca n't interact with it at all ) . 
  i 've only encountered this once maybe twice though . 
  i like trials, 
  anime, 
  it is just sips . 
  probably some screaming 12 year old about to overdose on mountain dew . 
  so hitler had a right to systematically exterminate entire peoples ? 
  with ... with your mouth . 
  they are teaching kids in school to pray to get rid of malware ? 
  they move their feet really fast for what purpose ? 
  is it just because people like it or is there some other reason for it ? 
  hats ? 
  it might be considered matchfixing and / or unsportsmanlike ? 
  this actually took me a while to see . 
  i read it as if it were the correct way around with up and down switched . 
  pretty interesting how you just assume it is the correct way around . 
  especially when they were living together and even before then i think there were quite a few references in their videos to people ( smith in particular ) being drunk at the time . 
  people apparently still do n't watch enough anime . 
  surely our minds can not possibly fathom this concept . 
  having to choose a pack yourself ? 
  this suggestion is almost as insane as having more deck slots . 
  europe is too pc for its own good ? 
  you are the ones calling all black people african , not sure you can get more ` too pc for your own good ' than that . 
  i 'm not a very good player myself and do n't want to comment too much on this because i probably do n't have a lot to add . 
  but i find in my matches vs decapre that focus is a good defensive option against her scramble into possible crossup . 
  til steve buscemi was a fireman in 9/11 rip in pieces, 
  they probably are not perfectly straight , but appear to be mostly perfectly straight because of the scale . 
  or they are perfectly straight because they have used only the starting and ending points of tornadoes as data to plot the map . 
  bad robot !, 
  you can do it for sure using an alias . 
   \\ alias example `` bind b say world '', 
  now x will be bound to `` bind b say world '' . 
  this is also how you can make toggles . 
   \\ alias example_1 `` bind b say world ; bind x example_2 '', 
   \\ alias example_2 `` bind b say hello ; bind x example_1 '', 
  no problem . 
  i do find it a shame that the quake 3 ` scripting language ' is so basic . 
  i remember that the quake 3 defrag mod added some other syntax which made a lot more stuff possible . 
  i remember making this cfg that would generate and say a random smiley when you push a button , very fun stuff . 
  for added bonus points : i actually went and quickly found the cfg hidden deep in the world wide web and will just leave it here in case anyone interested every drops by . 
  thought i might as well after teasing you with it . 
  obviously this would only work in defrag and i 'm not sure it would work on the current version of defrag . 
  if anyone really really really really really really cares it would work for sure on the july '11 version . 
  i use plantronics headphones myself ( not the exact same type ) and i guess the reason it sounds better on pc is because you are using the plantronics gamecom 307 drivers . 
  these drivers are n't installed and ca n't be installed on your wiiu . 
  i know for me there is a huge change in audio quality if i turn my plantronics drivers on or off . 
  for my headphones it mostly just turns dolby 5.1 surround sound on or off i think , so i assume yours has similar functionality . 
  you 're right there do n't seem to be any specific drivers that the manufacturer made . 
  my guess is that windows automatically installed some kind of driver for it when you first plugged it in . 
  the driver that windows uses apparently results in a better sound quality than the driver the wiiu uses . 
  edit : i do n't own a wiiu , but i read that apparently you can plug your headphones in the gamepad as well as the console . 
  could also be that there is some kind of setting messing something up , i ca n't really help with anything wii related . 
  yeah i read something about the gamepad jack and audio quality and settings , might be worth doing some googling in that direction . 
  and what counts as a screen ? 
  does every pixel you shift a direction count as a new screen ? 
  seeing as she allegedly physically assaulted the guy the visits sound like they were pretty rage-fueled . 
  old people are n't suddenly given the right to attack other people just because they are old . 
  yes you can do this using an alias . 
  i think i showed it in a comment a bit higher but basically this is what you do . 
   \\ alias biglefteye `` say o_o ; bind x bigrighteye '', 
   \\ alias bigrighteye `` say o_o ; bind x biglefteye '', 
  when x is pressed it will make the face but also rebind x so that the next time it will say the other face . 
  edit : actually that may not be proper syntas for quake live . 
  if that doesnt work try this . 
   \\ set biglefteye `` say o_o ; bind x bigrighteye '', 
   \\ set bigrighteye `` say o_o ; bind x biglefteye '', 
  i might have gotten some things mixed up , like i said i do n't have quake on hand . 
  i think it was definitely set and vstr for quake , alias is from other engines i think . 
  final edit : nvm lol . 
  it actually turns out you can use either aliases or vstr . 
  i would say at least most people could train it .
