  ~ ~ need a win 55884 ~ ~ edit : closed, 
  this is hilarious . 
  hopefully there will be more multiplayer vr games they can play in the future . 
  there 's a very noticeable delay on your actions with high ping . 
  but thats still very playable . 
  you just wait like .5 sec after every move . 
  ive only had stuttering/warping once so far . 
  presumably the guy just had a bad connection . 
  this has to be some of the most hilarious content so far . 
  no problems on pc in europe anyway . 
  aside from quite often getting the ` unable to connect to player popup ' it 's great . 
  must 've played about 40 ranked games so far today and not a single one was noticeably laggy . 
  not even when i 'm playing against people from other regions . 
  what does atd mean ? 
  none of the reaources linked here or anywhere else that i could find mention it . 
  any google hits about it was just the frame data . 
  here is the version with vocals , which i personally like a lot . 
  from europe to na feels fine to me . 
  not really noticeably more lag than normal . 
  ive been doing a similar one , but ending with f +3 +4 instead of f +3 . 
  so ill have to try this out . 
  i tried ending with b f +2 1 1 +2 as well but buffering the dash and then getting the mid punch to come out is still tricky for me to do consistently, 
  i was just wondering what rss stands for . 
  somehow i ca n't find it listed anywhere in move notation / tekken jargon guides even though i see it used often . 
  i assume it refers to the forward dash ? 
  edit : looks like it means right side step ? 
  i just wrongly assumed side step meant stepping towards or away from the screen until now . 
  it seems like dashing and doing a combo will do more damage . 
  f +3 +4 4 2 is just a lot easier to input for me as a beginner, 
  ive had the same happen with a trust mouse , probably depends on the glue used more than anything . 
  and yes it was absolutely horrible . 
  both players get a won round with a double ko . 
  so if it happens in the last round it should be a draw . 
  im getting matches against na and eu opponents with different languages . 
  so surely it does n't only search 1 region . 
  that only works if you can hold one of the buttons down from an earlier move right ? 
  otherwise it will throw out a 1 first then a 1 +3 when you hit the 3 while holding the 1 . 
  same on pc . 
  much longer load times and often laggy matches where i 've had maybe 1-3 laggy matches in 100s of games before . 
  i open the task manager and select bring to front when right clicking tekken.exe . 
  works most of the time unless the game actually crashed . 
  i 'm still hovering around 5-7 dan after 200 + wins so it 's probably pretty decent . 
  only crappy thing is that a lot of low win players will decline matches thinking im good . 
  obviously if i was any good i wouldnt be such a low rank after 200 wins . 
  this does n't matter . 
  it will just rotate one of the players cameras 180 degrees so it looks like left for both players . 
  taking advantage of the 3d stages this way, 
  www.ballbra.com seems to have been a thing for a very long time already . 
  i 'm not an expert and recently got my first stick with a square gate as well . 
  the motion im doing doesnt go straight from diagonal to neutral . 
  instead ill go slightly back up then to neutral . 
  if you go straight to neutral it wont do a back input every time for me . 
  could be different on your stick tho . 
  if it 's an overlay you can often block it yourself once . 
  just right click it and look for the ublock options . 
  many apos you can move at least partially to sd from he storage options . 
  personally i use the simple apps 2 sd app which notifies you when data can be moved to the sd . 
  yea i heard jumping backwards will avoid it on everyone, 
  ive had this as well a few years ago when i was in my early 20s . 
  hasnt happened since then . 
  i guess it can just happen to anyone sometimes . 
  would n't worry too much about it . 
  but the fish server was integrated in the actual game with the 1.18 patch . 
  i do n't see why they would n't also put matchmaking on there . 
  even if the matchmaking is there people can still play custom games like they are now so no reason not to . 
  the guys killing me for ropes and nets while at the black salamanders were the worst . 
  luckily not too many bothered . 
  you are lucky . 
  the majority get 30-60s long freezes / random disconnects multiple times daily . 
  i know it 's not just me because the entire clan chat starts complaining as well . 
  sometimes changing world seems to help but other times it 's less frustrating to just take a 30 min break and hope it 's better after . 
  if you watch streamers youll see them running into the same freezing issue daily as well . 
  as someone not from the uk the only reason i thought it was such a bad wordt was because it 's the only word that hatfilms have been censoring for a long time . 
  figured it must be extremely extremely awful if even hatfilms censored it . 
  but now since a few weeks or months people say cunt 200 times per video suddenly . 
  it 's weird . 
  it says video unavailable . 
  was really interested in watching this too . 
  rip the fgc thanks / r/kappa, 
  how about a multivibrator . 
  i like trials, 
  im liking savrifice so far . 
  why not keep it as a casual mode at least, 
  you can select data centers if u click he globe icon bottom right of the main menu . 
  try only picking ones that show good ping . 
  your choices reset every time atm so when you relaunch qc ull have to choose every time . 
  i played him once but with the dodge hes one of the fastest champs in the game . 
  this is because it lets you go over the movespeed cap . 
  i was easily gettin 600-700 ups after 1 jump . 
  i didnt really like the doubletapping mechanic but he seemed really good . 
  you can eiter cj , walk or dodge into a dodge and outrun almost anyone, 
  personally i most hope they can get rid of the stuttering and make it run smooth at 144 fps . 
  i hope they can make it feel like ql or reflex in that regard . 
  right now my fps is mostly 144 but it randomly stutters all over the place and this makes the game feel bad to play for me . 
  i like trials . 
  im mostly at a solid 144 fps but it feels extremely bad and stuttery . 
  runs about the same at highest or lowest settings . 
  tried all the suggested tweaks with commandline params and nvidia control panel but it stays bad . 
  happy birthday rob . 
  i do this with my doctor .
