  on high i ca n't even make out the players heads in the game except for the xray highlight thing around them . 
  but it 's definitely something on twitch 's end . 
  no matter which network i 'm on ( my parents 25 mbit broadband , my own 100mbit fiber or the universities practically infinite mbit link ) source almost always stutters horribly . 
  posting, 
  if this happens i can die a happy man . 
  top gear ? 
  i heard that this became a problem in lol though . 
  not too sure but i thought that their tribunal ( which is the same general idea as overwatch ) gave or gives out small amounts of ~ ~ free riot points ( in game currency normally paid for with real money ) ~ ~ free ip ( in game currency you normally get for playing games ) for making the right call often enough . 
  this resulted in everyone always voting for the same thing ie guilty or not guilty so that everyone always got the rewards . 
  so people basically just started gaming the system to gain as much free stuff as possible . 
  yup , you ca n't officially smoke in public ( at least not inside of towns ) afaik . 
  although usually unless you are causing trouble it is n't too big of a deal . 
  not just amsterdam , most bigger cities here have one or multiple prostitution areas with the whole windows shopping thing as far as i 'm aware . 
  you ca n't tell at the tribunal either , but at some point everyone voted the same because they knew everyone voted the same so everyone got the rewards . 
  at least that 's my understanding of the problem . 
  so it became kind of like an unwritten rule of sorts to vote guilty everytime or whatever . 
  not saying the same thing would happen here , but if there 's free stuff involved you can be sure people will try to take advantage of it and get as much of it as possible . 
  but if there is a reward associated with choosing the ` correct ' answer ( ie the one that most of the people choose ) and people notice they get rewarded more often when they vote yes than when they vote no , then they may be inclined to always vote yes in order to gain more rewards . 
  not saying it would happen if there was a reward associated with it , just something to keep in mind . 
  you could always just post it in a comment as a spoiler . 
  i , for one , am quite interested in it and i 'm sure others will be . 
  my bad ( was n't 100 % sure about this ) but i think the general point still stands , i 'll edit it . 
  000000 1 000000111 000000111 0000 1 1 1 1 ^ ^ ^ ^ off ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ top ^ ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ ^ head, 
  this happens regularly when this sort of shenanigans is going on . 
  it has to do with the servers being overloaded i think . 
  it 's still not spoilered correctly , i think this is because you closed it using ( / spoiler ) rather than ( / sp ) like it tell you to do in the sidebar . 
  how would it lag the other games every time someone loads it up ? 
  is all the computing for these pc cafes done on a server or something rather than having hardware in each pc ? 
  what magnificent bastards !, 
  woah dude , at first when looking at this i thought it was some sort of aerial view of a fantastical landscape with the blue being water and the rest the landmass . 
  i download my ram from the http webs too . 
  you can buy a helmet only ? 
  how ? 
  i see . 
  i thought there was some kind of way to buy a helmet only if you already have armor . 
  but seems like you can just do that if you have undamaged armor , which is what i thought also . 
  playing trackmania blazed has got to be one of the most amazing things ever . 
  if i play i just play online on some busy looking servers which have maps i like . 
  there are a lot of awesome player made maps being ran on a lot of servers . 
  because other artists do n't try to make money off of their work . 
  they do it all for free and just live under bridges ... oh wait ... they do make money off of it !, 
  funny how that works . 
  yep, 
  i think you 're looking for canon , not cannon , 
  yep, 
  after yesterday 's crash it did n't count as a loss or a win for me . 
  the score just stayed the same . 
  on all previous crashes it counted as a loss for me though . 
  maybe he has less room and or time to do it at which ever place he drops them off . 
  purple monkey dishwasher, 
  not by torturing them . 
  if you did so you should probably go see a doctor . 
  ` multiplayer online battle arena ' describes almost any multiplayer pvp game though . 
  the only reason it 's used so much is because lol forced it down everyone 's throat . 
  yes it does . 
  i faced this problem a while ago and on the forums there was a topic with multiple other people reporting the exact same issue . 
  namely the game freezing after playing a minion returned with the ancient brewmaster instantly after it returns to your hand . 
  but the commie terrorists are going to take their freedumbs !, 
  and then you will have to store a can with two open ends . 
  good luck doing that without spilling anything . 
  dale are you using power tools in there ? 
  i think it 's just a regular intersection with traffic lights as you said in your edit . 
  the round thing in the middle is only there i think to protect that pole which the cables which hold up the bridge are connected to . 
  did you know steve buscemi volunteered as a firefighter on 9/11 ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  just set it to kill everyone with a darker skin color . 
  so how exactly did you manage to kill a few of them without ever encountering one ? 
  i 've only had it happen with sense demons . 
  and even more specific only when i only have 1 demon left in my deck , resulting in getting one worthless imp . 
  the worthless imp would always be bugged like in ops picture and be unselectable . 
  yeah !, 
  what are they ? 
  poor people or something ? 
  lel may mays on le reddit, 
  referring to what ? 
  shame on you . 
  or you can sell some crappy items for 10 cents i guess . 
  but yes if you want to buy steam wallet credit $ 5 is the minimum . 
  i already have my tiny pitchfork at hand . 
  doubt it . 
  if so that means almost the entire area has been under construction for the duration of the gif . 
  more likely it 's just most of the roofs being red ? 
  give me some of those delicious downboats too !, 
  edit : guys those are n't downboats . . go buy some glasses . . 
  too easy . 
  in both i think . 
  i believe ember spirit is one of the more recently added heroes to dota . 
  but ember spirit was added to dota 1 in 6.73 ( i think around october 2012 ? ) . 
  so ember spirit was created ( or actually added to the public dota map at least ) after master yi was created by riot . 
  that 's all i 'm trying to say here . 
  why is that ? 
  all of these links show the same gif as you posted so it 's not like it 's not working . 
  he must have been pretty confident in that board not breaking , else his balls would have been turned to goop . 
  happened to me too , pretty funny stuff . 
  i spawned there as a ct btw . 
  it 404s for me now . . 
  anyone else having this issue ? 
  if so , can anyone put up a mirror ? 
  if nobody called you out on it then i , for instance , would have never found out you post so much trash on reddit . 
  but got to do everything for that pointless karma i guess .
