  this makes a lot more sense . 
  you 'd probably have to pay someone to fly it in specifically for you . 
  i doubt they just have all of the fruits in stock there . 
  which is like the size of a small town . 
  hey man , tuna is awesome !, 
  this is the hardest i 've ever cringed on this subreddit ( granted i 'm relatively new here but still . . ) . 
  good work op . 
  yes . 
  well he could just be like, 
  eeugh this tastes horrible eugh, 
  were you ? 
  edit : timestamps appear to be broken and give no audio for me ? 
  try refreshing and manually going to that time . 
  i wonder why valve did n't choose to at least keep the same abbreviation ( like with od and na ) but rather go for something seemingly random . 
  would n't that depend on the size of said dog ? 
  you ca n't really just say random stuff like that using made up assumptions and expect them to be true . 
  true enough . 
  maybe valve feels that these heroes are so relatively new that not everyone and their mother used to call them by their abbreviation ? 
  i brought this up somewhere else today and was countered with goblin shredder to timbersaw . 
  guess for those newer heroes valve wont care as much since not that many people would be calling them by their abbreviations . 
  is their actually data stored in the cloud thats useful ? 
  i guess maybe just settings ? 
  confirming this works . 
  i do it all the time . 
  tc is one of the newer heroes though . 
  that 's why i said relatively new . 
  yea but i meant for dota 2 . 
  seeing as dota 2 has no savegames and i most likely do n't want thesame settings between different pcs cloud is kind of useless for dota 2 for me . 
  microing jungle with summons is really easy . 
  once your mini enigmas or treants are about to die just attackmove another friendly summon . 
  this will cause the hurt summon to lose aggro of the junglecamp . 
  way faster than pulling back and moving back too . 
  i imagine you can play on other servers but the official korean dota 2 launch has n't been there yet . 
  as said by the guy you replied to nexon is working on it . 
  well it is not marketed in korea at all + everybody is too busy playing lol so there will be very few people playing dota 2 . 
  ( hence it not showing up on the list ), 
  unless . . you know . . his dad likes video games ? 
  fapping to girls is totally gay man, 
  makes total sense right ? 
  i mean the stitching equipment will cost at least 1k and then of course the resident gets paid 2280 dollars per hour ... right ? 
  yes but nobody is getting paid 5000 $ per hour . 
  some guy above here somewhere said 4 stitches cost him 1700 dollars and were done by a resident in 20 minutes . 
  there 's no way that that guy is getting paid 5100 dollars / hour nor does the stitching equipment cost that much . 
  wikipedia says its 38th place . 
  although this list seems to be about health systems overall and not just hospitals . 
  but i assume the guys who wrote that report knew what they were doing . 
  ( its also kind of dated using 2000 data ), 
  i think in the long run valve will have these tiny models for dropped items for nearly everything , just because it 's neat . 
   after an 80 minute back and forth game, 
  easy, 
  so dozens \u00b2 ? 
  i realise this . 
  which is why i find it so stupid that there are so many people in this thread justifying the costs . 
  `` oh but all these nurses get paid 20k/day for checking on you while you lay there '', 
  ( i realise this is not all they do and that they have to pay for stuff they use as well but come on . 
  you ca n't honestly believe it costs that much ), 
  well seeing as the money is n't going towards the people helping you ( apparently residents make minimum wage ish ) or the equipment , then where does it go ? 
  i mean the hospitals are supposed to be non-profit right ? 
  this bothered me as well . 
  still a great work but for me personally it would be so much better if it was looped instead of a back and forth animation . 
  those are some great pings !, 
  that 's almost lan experience . 
  good for you guys , how long until we will see the first south african pro gaming team ? 
  yea their work is awesome and required to keep / r/askscience actually functioning . 
  doing it in other subreddits which do n't need such modding for the reddit to be actually useful will just infuriate everyone . 
  mentioning lol anywhere in any gaming related subreddit not related to lol usually results in massive downvotes for no reason . 
  i am curious to this as well . 
  having people bring their own accounts kind of defeats the point as you would still have to buy the game . 
  maybe they get some kind of pc bang account and pc bang has something set up with blizzard so that they do n't have to pay full price for every account ? 
  edit someone else further down the thread seems to confirm that this is indeed the case . 
  pc bangs get some kind of account of blizzard which can hold a ton of sub accounts for each pc bang player . 
  i think they wo n't but not for that reason . 
  at least not anytime soon . 
  path of exile is n't marketed towards the asian market and i doubt a lot of asian gamers even know of its existence . 
  they will probably also take up marketing since they have a ton more experience marketing in korea than valve ( obviously ) . 
  cool , i sure hope so . 
  it is never bad to have some new faces arise in competitive gaming . 
  especially if it 's from a region you normally do n't hear a lot about in terms of esports . 
  better get some more scanners and shit ca n't let the terrorists win !, 
  i suggest trying google 's dns servers . 
  for me there appeared to be a noticeable difference loading pages . 
  although i do n't actually have any hard data to back this claim up . 
  it does n't just hapoen to be a weapon in diablo . 
  afaik it was actually named after the d2 item . 
  120 damage, 
  2 sec cd on lvl 4, 
  1.6 x int bonus damage with 27 + 3.2 int . 
  sounds great . . just great, 
  his ult does damage over 2 sec so does it just do half of the damage per sec or in smaller ticks ? 
  in case of the former : nyxnyx, 
  most ( if not all ) only have a default resistance of 25 % not 40 . 
  well the perfect in this case is referring to the loop being perfect not the gif being perfect . 
  you see a lot of shit-tier quality images here or images with 4 fps which still get approved because the loop is perfect . 
  forget what i said this is n't a looped gif at all actually . 
  mah bad, 
  in the grand scheme of things checking for some bad combinations ( say a few 1000 ) takes no time seeing as it only has to be done per map drop and when a possible ` bad ' prefix is selected ( like black ), 
  edit : i still think they are better off taking it out though . 
  else you would have to manually determine what possible combinations are ` bad ', 
  hide !, 
  it 's about to fire its laser !,
