  also a freefarming alchemist is one of the fastest farming heroes because he gets a lot of bonus gold with his greed passive . 
  the only heroes that would be able to farm faster are probably naga with radiance and antimage because they can farm so many places so fast . 
  necrolyte can be a semi carry if he gets a good start and gets real tanky real fast , the constant aura degen and q spam will do great aoe damage in fights if he is able to stay alive kind of like leshrac with all its aoe . 
  cri dis if yu leik evertyiem, 
  people are mad that they do n't get a golden roshan courier , even though nothing is preventing them from getting one . 
  how to get golden roshan courier 101 :, 
  1 ) all 10 players create a new steam account and add dota 2 to it . 
  2 ) 2 players out of the 10 abandon a matchmaking game . 
  3 ) 2 teams of 5 players , each with 1 low priority , queue until they find each other . 
  this should n't take long because you have 10 players in low priority with the exact same mmr and games played queueing at thesame time . 
  4 ) kill roshan suparfast ( not really since it actually takes a couple of hours ), 
  5 ) acquire golden courier . 
  6 ) trade it to your main steam account . 
  thought you were responding to another comment of mine which is why my response probably sounded very random . 
  also please stop talking so elitist on the internet . 
  nobody will think you are cool , everyone will just think you are retarded . 
  yes it was dumb of me because i thought i was replying to another comment thread of mine , hence it was irrelevant and i deleted it . 
  it is a human error you do n't have to talk to me like i 'm fucked up in the head and talk to everyone like you are a `` sir '' on the internet . 
  i do n't think anybody thinks that 's cool ... well besides you and some other mentally ill people of course . 
  people still do n't realize complaining about downvotes will only attract more ... 
  does n't take that long with clinkz ' max attack speed , but still it is slower than pudge activating eblade . 
  still i heard the ti2 couriers were going for a good few 100 dollars , and seeing as there will only be a very limited amount of the golden roshan courier ( 10 per cycle ) it should be worth even more . 
  also one guy got an unusual golden roshan which may well be the only one to drop or there will be very few of those so in a few years it should be worth good money when dota 2 has a way larger playerbase once everyone has moved from dota 1 . 
  i do n't care enough about virtual items to spend so much time organising and executing it ... 
  then go do it , nobody is stopping you !, 
  neither am i ? 
  i do n't see your point ... 
  23 games , 3 yellow , 2 red , 2 blue ... not the luckiest man on earth :p, 
  tbh it also depends on the enemy team . 
  if they rely a lot on aoe magical damage and want to force teamfights during the early-midgame then a pipe would be amazing not only for yourself but for your team . 
  pudge is probably one of the better pipe carriers because it helps him mitigate quite a lot of self damage too . 
  best advice imo . 
  i 've been randoming all the time in dota 2 ( except when i get something other than all pick . ), 
  and playing all the heroes gives you so much knowledge of what each and every hero can do and how exactly they work . 
  they used od imprisonment on pudge as the cinematic started so that pudge didnt get tpd to base or stunned so pudge was next to rosh when the fight started, 
  ah well , the title said : what heroes should i practice to become a well-rounded player . 
  and the answer to that is all , so random . 
  i have been randoming all the time in dota 2 , but am by no means new to the genre . 
  having played about 50-100ish dota games way back , ~ 1k hon games and like ~ 2k lol games . 
  for most of the heroes in dota 2 is was quite obvious what their skills were since so many are directly or semi-directly ported in hon , the ones i did n't know i quickly learned . 
  so yea , when i came to dota 2 i had a vague understanding of skill/item builds and hero skills because of hon. 
  sure but once you get the basic feel of strategies for a hero , the different item/skill build options and how to effectively teamfight you can play any hero . 
  of course if you want to get really good at a certain role you could confine yourself to a limited pool of heroes to get real expert at them . 
  however in solomatchmaking the heroes you are the most comfortable with are n't always great picks so you would want your `` comfortable '' hero list to be as big as possible . 
  it is for an ingame ticket . 
  dotatv refers to watching the games inside the dota 2 client live ( by purchasing a ticket for said tournament ) . 
  so play sd , rd and cm too !, 
  i simply have all of them ticked for that exact reason , only ap gets real boring . 
  if ar would be implemented i will probably disable allpick altogether and have only the other 4 modes . 
  right now i 'm 100 % randoming in allpick anyway :p, 
  wrong flair there buddy . 
  wait you need to micro to tp to highground , create treants , box your screen and attackmove ? 
  i never knew . 
  unless you consider pulling back hurt treants to heal `` hard '' micro there is like no micro required to do the high ground farming thing . 
  imo it 's bad just because if people spot you doing it and have a ward you are basically dead , and also earlygame you might be waiting for tp cooldown after the camp died slowing down your farm . 
  was referring to the fact that you were using a pudge quote without accompanying pudge flair : , 
  who would have thought ? 
  why would they not ? 
  euls -  sunstrike -  meteor -  deafening blast for epic damage if you go exort . 
  great anti carry because he can steal damage from the opponents carry ( works better vs melee carries because he can stay in the link range better . ), 
  needs little damage items and can focus on survivability because he gets a lot of damage from static link . 
  i like to run him mid and absolutely destroy the opposing mid with maxing static link first . 
  once you get some sort of sustain ( headdress + bottle + magic wand or smt ) you can basically try to go on the opponent in a 1v1 all the time when static link is up . 
  works again better vs melee heroes solo mid because you can stay in static link range better . 
  it is n't higher than 150 , it is exactly 150 . 
  magic spells which do 150 damage do less damage because they are affected by magic damage reduction . 
  yea the psychological aspect of playing a friend on lan is great , you get to smacktalk all the time . 
  do n't forget morphling 's copy too !, 
  if its something like the elo system you gain/lose points when winning or losing based on the ratings of the other players on your team and the players on the opponent team . 
  or somehow create an event that does n't require luck/rating planning to be competitive at it . 
  ie in this case they should 've maybe had 2 roshans , 1 for each team to kill with teams of 5 winning a prize every cycle ( maybe even top2/top3 teams winning a prize ) . 
  i know it is a rating system created by mr elo , for some reason i always keep writing it as elo though ... do n't know why . 
  edited it to elo , 
  does it make a difference ? 
  it does n't change the fact that the church thought up a lot of horrible ways to torture people and the church have tortured a lot of people who did n't agree with their views ( which in these times , some of their views were plain wrong ( ie earth middle of the universe ) ) . 
  and instead of saying : `` you know what , the evidence you provided leaves no room for discussion , you are right '' , they said `` here we will burn you alive fuck you '' . 
  yes mekanism is actually a great tanky item on ranged heroes that need to get tanky as well as providing great team support . 
  mekanism on a ranged hero gives you more survivability than a vanguard because of the decreased block chance ( i think , otherwise you also get a free active heal which should make up for it ) like necrolyte and razor . 
  definitely core on necro . 
  maybe he traded invites for keys and keys for eggs/essences ? 
  not sure either . 
  oh sure tbh i myself would never not get magic wand before mek . 
  unless i would somehow find myself with a rampage at 5 min and have enough to buy a full mek or something rediculous . 
  how about ck ? 
  chaos bolt the bear and run away with your 325 movespeed , same for luna . 
  i 'd say almost everyone that is n't extremely slow would easily be able to run back to the tower before you are killed , seeing as lone druid / the bear would only get in a hit every time they catch up and they do n't have the greatest level 1 damage . 
  definitelymaledict damage , because the maledict bonus damage is calculated by taking the difference between hp at the start and the present . 
  eg if you heal above the casting hp you no longer take bonus damage . 
  not sure for orchid , id say no because i do n't think health loss counts as damage . 
  yea before i usually heard some mosquito buzz in my ear when after a while i realise some people were actually using voicechat ... hope its a lot better now !, 
  on a side note , does anybody know if the in game voice chat filters out the in-game sounds if you do n't use headphones ? 
  because i know skype does it with the voices of the other people so you have no echo . 
  probably does n't happen here but just wondering . 
  ( my audio jack is broken so i only get sound in 1 ear which is why i 've lately stopped using headphones until its fixed ( or when using mic ) ), 
  to be honest if his fun is in grinding the ip points and unlocking champions then good for him . 
  as long as you are having fun doing it there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  if you were just playing lol for the sake of getting more champions without having fun then it would make no sense . 
  was waiting for people to say this . 
  the way items look in these model viewers ( or whatever the guys viewing them are using ) are not the way they look in the game . 
  in the game there 's some extra stuff to the models that makes it look better , not really into 3d modelling so not sure what that would be called but tl ; dr : they look better ingame .
