  sounds easy enough . 
  had n't thought of doing it that way . 
  anywhere on reddit even . 
  not just using bacon reader . 
  confirming . 
  source : my finger too . 
  hawaiian ? 
  drugs with a positive reward are in tons of games . 
  they 're just called potions . 
  why ? 
  you can also not immediately assume that it 's `` murican '' news . 
  not by definition though right ? 
  in ie terraria you put 2 shrooms in a flask . 
  i 'm fairly sure they can be natursl . 
  if only because potions have been used countless times . 
  any data to back that claim up ? 
  just curious , i would be interested in seeing some analytics for reddit anyway . 
  well , thanks !, 
  just want to clarify that those shrooms i mentioned are n't necessarily hallucinogens . 
  it 's just a red and a blue one iirc . 
  but it was just an example to show potions with a natural basis . 
  first the reddit comments section , then the world !, 
  or even remembering the settings between matches . 
  although a tick box would be nice since right now the only way to really figure out that ctrl and alt do something as a new player is to press them randomly during a game . 
  me three . 
  keep in mind this is just the test server . 
  they may release scrolls in small batches with a somewhat even distribution of rarity . 
  quick , execute him !!, 
  and you say your credit card company gives no shit ? 
  why not get another one if they wo n't fix a very obvious mistake . 
  you realise ideal is basically a payment method for ditch banks only right ? 
  adding that to the options for humble does n't make sense . 
  it could just be vague politics lingo to appeal to as many people as possible . 
  does n't chilling in your mansion and getting paid to start wars sound pretty enteryaining though ? 
  would save so much money for them stopping all these wars on n. i imagine if they stop the war on drugs they would save tons in prison costs . 
  very insignificant userbase conpared to the rest of the world . 
  it would probably also be hard for them to set up and confusing to people who 've never heard of it . 
  also everyone i know who wants to buy stuff on the internet just uses paypal . 
  because sadly , that is the only option most of the time . 
  this mccain guy is just dreaming about war all day while napping in his mansion . 
  the berlin wall to him is probably one of the greatest achievements of mankind that 's why he 's so happy about it . 
  and with even more guys there there will be even less $ / capita for at least proper gear . 
  maybe it was a requirement to hang out with the cool rap guys . 
  because she apparently went to the gardening center checkout to pay for groceries . 
  the op added sources now . 
  for the gifs difference in quality may be harder to see . 
  guilty until proven innocent . 
  i thought the entire pillar of justice was based on the opposite principle . 
  i guess in the usa not any longer . 
  vote false information to the top !, 
  to be fair that 's a fairly special offer , one that does n't offer anything , since normal offers actually offer anything . 
  so reddit is a subreddit of itself ? 
  whoa . 
  just my dad ? 
  what is the single-most ? 
  confirming that it 's like this in dutch as well and to my knowledge quite some non english languages . 
  makes for some great confusion all around the world . 
  or you can try holding the lighter a fair bit away . 
  as long as there 's no wind it should still heat up pretty nicely . 
  fair enough . 
  whales are no fish , they are mammals . 
  karma does n't matter . 
  the sooner you realise the sooner you 'll have fun on reddit . 
  a good reason to keep a small flashlight somewhere in your car . 
  no snorting , gotcha . 
  so drinking it will be perfectly fine right ? 
  i was asking you just out of curiosity , as i am fairly interested in korean language and culture . 
  that 's fairly interesting . 
  i assume it 's annoying for people who do n't have korean as their mother tongue to learn but is just something that comes natural growing up with korean as your mother tongue . 
  like different cases in german , greek and finnish for example or the gender of words . 
  post pics !, 
  yeah , and op is definitely suffering from an acute lack of karma . 
  lel troll so hard !!, 
  lelelele xdxdxd so troll random purple monkeys, 
  also known as a metric shitton . 
  maybe they were afraid the college girl would beat them up and rape them . 
  although they 'd probably enjoy it . 
  ban the technology , for it is created by satan . 
  and burn people who use it . 
  those 30 got ` assimilated ' by the nsa . 
  yeah you automatically surrender after you do n't take any action during 2 turns . 
  space . 
  do n't forget to donate your organs too !, 
  it 's not like you will need them . 
  i 'd go see with the karma doctor asap if i were you . 
  it looks like the gif is just sped up during that part . 
  you can suddenly see everyone moving their legs way quicker than before for a second or so before it goes back to normal when he begins the slide . 
  why not ? 
  he should buy a lottery ticket . 
  are you a scrolls employee ? 
  if so would be nice if all scrolls employees has a special mojang flair or w/e in this subreddit . 
  i like that a lot for developers in other subreddits . 
  ah ok did n't know it was being done already . 
  of course if jon does n't want a flair here that 's perfectly fine with me as well ( if they have like designated people for that ) . 
  daniel radcliffe 's talking to inanimate objects live !, 
  i would watch it . 
  engine sounds work for me or not depending on pure randomness it seems . 
  the sound comes and goes as it pleases , not too fast but it 's still pretty annoying . 
  i guess taking a custom engine sound would give me the custom / default instead of default / none . 
  well i 'm just driving the default car i never touched anything .
