  hi , just randomly dropping by here : x. 
  do n't get your hopes up . 
  well if they consider random angry teens on the internet terrorists then i 'm sure they 've stopped 50 . 
  almost all of the backgrounds have noticeable movement . 
  you can see the water move in the ones which have water and the people on that one ( which i think you meant with the one you saw moving ) . 
  anyway just saying that they are moving , does n't prove anything either way . 
  or being gay in a lot of places . 
  all gays are disallowed , not just the ones having a lot of sex . 
  i do n't even know how you would want them to distinguish between people having lots of sex and others . 
  i wonder if you could get away with parking there anyway now that technically it is no longer a cross . 
  or maybe someone practicing his programming skills . 
  anyway i doubt the person who made it cares about the amount of imaginary points his bot has . 
  in professional sports it makes some sense though . 
  they invested in the club and get something in return ( or they are ` gifted ' to the corp i guess for some shady deal ) . 
  you should n't be able to buy the government . 
  everywhere else it 's called corruption but in the us it 's lobbying . 
  i see , but the guy above me made it sound like some gays we 're allowed while others were n't . 
  also , if it 's only that one question in some kind of form for your country why even have the measure at all ? 
  wo n't everyone just say no anyway ... 
  i find the imperial system way more complicated because there is just no logic involved . 
  for metric it 's just times 10 for every step up . 
  i 'm sure the whole internet has seen this billions of time by now but i will be leaving this here anyway because it nicely illustrates my point . 
  you forgot he is guilty until proven innocent . 
  he seems to be scheduled to fry in a couple of months . 
  good luck proving he is innocent !, 
  of course !, 
  the lines actually technically still do cross . 
  i 'm just dumb :( . 
  but yeah i 'd bet you could argue your way out of a ticket if you stand in the part which has no lines . 
  seeing as even though there is still a ( slightly gimped ) cross the parking spot is n't encased with a white line so you could just say that it 's not obvious that it 's 1 parking space . 
  but look man this neckbeard has 60000 karma , he must be some kind of inside reddit god . 
  he has the proper all caps le edgy username for it as well i guess . 
  it looks like the last time google cached the site was the 7th of july . 
  the guy said in his post that he thought he succeeded in removing his post from the entire internet ... but there must still be a copy floating around . 
  or - just taking a wild guess here - maybe it 's because people see a hl3 joke about 50 times per hour on reddit so it 's getting kind of old . 
  that 'd definitely make you less likely to have a chance of getting away with it . 
  if the opponent has an enchanted wildling that 's about to attack you can only barely see the effect for example . 
  the flashing white hex makes hard to notice at a quick glance , you really have to look for the enchanted effect . 
  no you 're not . 
  you are just crying foul and make stuff up . 
  ( ie saying he implied dubai was a country when he clearly did n't , in fact he never even mentioned dubai in his comment if you read carefully . ), 
  seriously , with all the dirt they have on everyone they can probably blackmail anyone whose ideas they do n't like . 
  just anonymously tell it to the press and they can end anyone 's career if they would want to . 
  the 99 is a nice touch but the rest of his username is pretty standard as far as troll account names go . 
  well even if it 's ` obvious ' there 's no way you can prove he implied dubai . 
  you can see it as him implying a lot of things . 
   what a complete fuck up of a country !, 
  ( dubai is in ), 
   what a complete fuck up of a country !, 
  ( dubai is ), 
   what a complete fuck up of a country !, 
  ( the uae is ), 
  and as an informed reader we of course all know dubai is n't a country so he could 've either meant the first or the last . 
  but in no way can you say that he meant to imply dubai is a country and be a 100 % sure of it just based on his comment alone . 
  it 's not a joke reddit made up . 
  it 's just a joke reddit adopted and then stomped it in to the ground like all unoriginal jokes on reddit . 
  haha oh wow , i did n't even notice the dog 's eyes in the third frame . 
  that makes it even better !, 
  he meant it but his comment did n't imply it . 
  those are two completely different things . 
  anyway i 'm out . 
  i know how this is going to go , you are one of those persons who just refuse to change their views even though they are just rambling about . 
  why would any civilian need a launcher ? 
  i guess they just allow it for more $ $ $ ? 
  seeing as you noted the tax on the rounds . 
  anyone who can request or directly, 
  look at the data . 
  i have no clue if people can do that or not but if someone can they could in theory just leak some emails anonymously to the press for exanple . 
  that ... seems like severe overkill . 
  if smoking marijuana truly is n't damaging for the fetus ( which apparently it is n't ) then i think you should go for it and see how it works for you to help with morning sickness . 
  is that also related to the heavy medication ? 
  also i guess smoking may also increase your appetite . 
  but i 'm no doctor so really i have n't a clue . 
  hope the rest of your pregnancy goes well !, 
  so they are a college football organisation thing / trademark trolls ? 
  seems like a strange combination but i guess they got some good $ $ $ out of it . 
  well seeing as she already lost custody of her nine other children and she smokes while pregnant . 
  i do n't really think she is fit to be a parent either way . 
  but i 'm sure there were good reasons for the previous nine childs to be taken away . 
  for some reason i do n't think she is suddenly going to do much different the tenth time around . 
  how can she get any money from it ? 
  all her kids so far have been taken away from her so i do n't think she 's eligible for child support or whatever it 's called . 
  i 'm not sure why they were taken away or where it was . 
  i got all the information i have from [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/1ij6sx/arrived_in_an_ambulance_wearing_a_hospital_gown/cb51a2q ) post a bit further up this thread . 
  ( basically an anecdote by another redditor ), 
  so you essentially hate yourself if i got that right ? 
  this is what i was thinking . 
  all these people here using the argument of `` oh you 've never been there '' which does n't really work for china because it is such a huge country . 
  i imagine there are extremely large differences between different regions . 
  i know that for example the differences between rural china and china 's coast line with a lot of huge cities is huge . 
  unless you visit a ton of different regions , you ca n't really know it all . 
  i would maybe even argue that if you stay a while in one region your view of the rest of china may be skewed because you might just assume it is the same ish everywhere . 
  then why do you have one ? 
  i know , i actually did it right a few posts above . 
  must 've combined children and kids somehow . 
  also by default the maximum speed is limited ( not sure of the top off my head to what ) but there is an easy way around that using a mod . 
  first google result . 
  i did n't provide it because i figured people who we 're interested could easily find it . 
  ( still do n't worry , i do n't mind and should probably have given the link anyway in my original post ), 
  yes , you are so special and unique compared to the 7 billion other people .
