  a lot of 5 man dota probably . 
  people wo n't be able to safely farm anywhere except close to their own towers because they never know where anybody is as soon as somebody goes off the map . 
  a solid nope nope nope . 
  i have said it before and will say it again . 
  shadow demon is the cutest demon . 
  also healing . 
  those *, 
  please do and deliver !, 
  would be epic . 
  bonus points if someone can find/knows more pics of her . 
  for people joining the downvote bus check his name . 
  as opposed to from the side maybe ? 
  i do n't know i just suck at making up titles :( ( do n't judge me !, 
  is n't that also somewhat his role in the game ? 
  run to people and stomp them with your ulti or stun . 
  either that or just completely decimate them with double edge . 
  i think the main reason blizzard is caring so much is this . 
  say they wanted to make a warcraft iv ( they better sometime !!! ), 
  or whatever in the warcraft universe . 
  they would want people to associate those certain names to warcraft and not to dota . 
  that 's my two cents anyway . 
  i 'm definetely relaxing , do n't worry :p, 
  more like r/nomail now t_t, 
  i suggest deleting the system32 folder to create more space to download ram to . 
  wow !, 
  just tried and nothing happened as you can see . 
  still functioning !, 
  too bad i did n't know now my comment looks so dumb :(, 
  look at all the americans downvoting you being scared when their country 's flaws get highlighted . 
  of course as always after someone points it out ( me in this case , usually the original poster of the comment ) people start frantically upvoting the post because they feel obliged to it seems . 
  all posts i ever see on reddit even remotely complaining about getting downvoted are upvoted a lot :p, 
  who 's this ? 
  any more ? 
  some people i see doing this for win % all the time even though it means even less than a good rating system for team games . 
  people will only allow you in their ` bromades ' or whatever shit they make up if you have 55-60 % win ratio . 
  only a few times people have actually taken the time to check people 's win rate in game . 
  ( from what i 've noticed by them saying something about it ), 
  also if one would really care you could just write a simple program for it that displays it on your screen . 
  hi people from the future !, 
  `` better make 6 seperate posts rather than 1 post to 6 images because karma '' `, 
  edit : i do n't see how you guys would rather have the frontpage flooded with 6 posts on thesame topic than 1 post with 6 images ... 
  the only reason to make 6 seperate posts for this is because of karma whoring ... 
  how did you know which eggs contained two and which contained one yolk ? 
  i mean i guess size is a factor but a larger than average egg does n't always mean there are two yolks in it right ? 
  thanks . 
  makes sense thanks . 
  to be fair their banter contributed nothing to the discussion . 
  so according to reddiquette they should get downvoted . 
  just a tip which led me to enjoy it even more :, 
  by default there is a 90 kmph speed limit on all trucks . 
  there are some mods which raise that limit to 120 kmph . 
  of course the 90kmph limit is in there so you do n't easily flip over but i think its more fun to use your own judgment where you can afford to go faster and where you ca n't . 
  also really relaxing indeed especially when high . 
  too bad it looks like garbage on my shitty laptop :( (, 
  it 's kind of short to be a video do n't you think ? 
  well . . that escalated quickly : o, 
  an ace in most team round based fps indeed refers to one player of one team killing the whole other team . 
  op delivered !, 
  i heard a quick way to do this would be, 
  bind `` p '' `` toggle dota_range_display 0 100\u00a0200\u00a0300\u00a0400 500 etc '', 
  it will toggle between the specified values ( it should ) . 
  have n't done this myself in a source engine game but read a few times that its possible . 
  works like this in for instance the quake 3 engine and some others as well . 
  i think he is referring to the fact that apparently a lot of physicists like to make a broad estimation on what the answer to something is going to be . 
  i know my physics teacher in high school was usually like :, 
  `` ok lets see so we know this and this and that yadda yadda so the answer should lie around here somewhere '', 
  before he started to actually calculate the answer . 
  other than that idea i have no clue :p, 
  i fail to see how people despise us now , please elaborate . 
  i 'm curious . 
  thanks for the link , that 's a good metaphor , 
  the reason he did it was because by far the most people voted to have the rating public in the poll he put up . 
  as opposed to private or no rating . 
  but they are so damn comfy !, 
  you got ta try them before you judge !, 
  well , time to get off reddit . 
  time to go to the windmill to ground up some tulips and weed . 
  or use a controller :d, 
  thing is though , a lot of the cpma maps have a lot of map design based around the cpm physics . 
  as someone who does n't really follow the f1 scene that much , why was this introduced ? 
  i imagine it was because they would put way less than max fuel in to save weight and just refuel more often because it would save them more time . 
  i thought they did that maybe for balance reasons . 
  so people ca n't run away superfast for free using it . 
  also if you whirling blade into a wall or object the delay is not there and you can do it again instantly . 
  get the passive its amazing !, 
  nobody gives a crap about templar crits anyway . 
  i 've had no problems with it . 
  just make sure you create a new instance . 
  the other people should automatically join the newest instance . 
  if they do n't they can ctrl click to join your instance manually . 
  wow these queue numbers are crazy : o, 
  thought my 5k queue was bad but after a few minutes i 'm already on 3k . 
  that 's a lot of people trying to log on . 
  edit : that moment when you get disconnected , even though its completely reasonable but did n't realise it would happen and have to wait for a 10k queue . 
  still very workable though . 
  9/10 would not sleep again . 
  i remember i thought i lost something after a previous crash . 
  now i know its not just my imagination :p, 
  this is only an issue because of the server instability and should n't normally be a problem . 
  so there is no reason for them to add more waypoints .
