  easter map ? 
  do n't forget rapier !, 
  a whole weed ? 
  that is madness !, 
  would be funny ( at least for me ) if they give him a russian accent . 
  you are a scholar and a fag . 
  completely forgot this existed !, 
  the hours wasted on this ... 
  why could n't you rotate it 90 \u00b0 clockwise ? 
  i can keep one eye mostly steady in its place while the other eye goes around in circles . 
  it weirds some people out when i show it haha, 
  this should help you out . 
  but really , i googled ` ipod nano songs to computer ' and came with 1000s of answers . 
  happy cakeday , motherfucker, 
  do you share items with your other self ? 
  if they serve it raw then why does the sign say `` pieces of pork barbecued on a skewer '' ? 
  that is why you carry tp . 
  more like handegg amirite guise ? 
  i know the top guy is just sitting on a stool attached to the stick . 
  i 'm wondering where the stick goes from inside the bottom guy 's sleeve . 
  the only real option i can see from this angle is that it rests at his elbow on his leg . 
  but then would n't it be super heavy for the bottom guy ? 
  why not ? 
  you can still block off creep waves and force them to take the long way around with fissure . 
  in a game i played today an es blocked the dire ramp in mid and the creepwave from dire went towards toprune and met with our creepwave at the ramp that goes to the radiant ancients . 
  maybe they only wait if blocked in specifiv spots ? 
  pretty sure it is this one . 
  as i said it happens at the dire mid ramp . 
  but somehow the creeps coming from the radiant knew it was blocked way before hand and walked straight left from the tier 1 tower up the cliff , they never went down a ramp before meeting the dire creeps at the ancients ramp . 
  in the netherlands a year subscription for free train rides between 3 stations ( 15 min ride ) and 40 % discount on any other journey when its not peak traffic hours costed like 700-800 euros iirc . 
  so i can imagine what it costs like if you have to commute for like 1-2 hours by train ... 
  i have given up on giving people advice in pubs . 
  i found nine out of ten times the people i gave a piece of advice we 're plain ignorant and either started raging or just ignore it . 
  any way people are never willing to take good advice because all pub player seem to think they are the best player and do n't have to take advice from anyone . 
  except any refreshers ( of course ), 
  what do you mean by ` rune-ing ' ? 
  someone 's been using latex too much, 
  pretty sure they mean that every six seconds one negro in new york robs and two other negroes rape . 
  do n't know about the facts of course but those numbers seem at least somewhat legit . 
  her animation has no backswing so you can just rightclick and chill the fuck out :-d, 
  but wouldnt lina/lion ulti still kill him if abaddon is within range of dying to them ? 
  happy cakeday !, 
  thats why you get blink and possibly something like euls or force as well . 
  blink + illusory orb already gives tons of mobility to puck to get in and out of fights . 
  do n't think so as the image file has to be stored locally for windows to use as a background . 
  just create something like a wallpaper folder in your pictures folder and put them in there . 
  image files are n't that big so the space used should n't be a problem . 
  not sure on this but i think puck is always able to blink away immediatly after it ends . 
  so your lsa should hit right at the frame puck comes out if the puck instantly tries to blink . 
  except his team nukes one meepo and gets a free kill while meepo is netting him 4 times . 
  elaborate please ? 
  i 'm curious . . 
  i think it may not be working for everyone . 
  some people appear to not be able to open them but others still can ( at least before this patch , not sure about after it ) . 
  or because of the lineup you end up with in pubs . 
  even in the very high bracket this is bound to happen . 
  very high bracket seems to me to have just as much retards and inexperienced players as the rest of the brackets . 
  ( maybe slightly less but still a lot ), 
  its ok if you 're say defending your tier 3 tower and you can just drop a midnight pulse to discourage the enemy from going highground and dealing a bit of damage to the creeps . 
  if they decide to go high ground they will all have to stand in it and take the damage for a bit which adds up . 
  in your second point you compare two heroes trying to lasthit thesame creep using their autoattack to two heroes on opposite teams trying to grab/deny the aegis . 
  completely different mechanics from a gameplay mechanics point of view . 
  but just let valve implement an official way to change the map skin you want to use ( ie normal , winter , diretide ) . 
  it could be an option in the game . 
  did n't notice , my bad . 
  still grabbing or denying an item has nothing to do with lasthitting a creep in terms of how stuff works . 
  he 's just using america as an example country just like japan . 
  i thought they only said that so they can keep hunting more of them . 
  i 'm pretty sure a lot of the ones caught are eaten . 
  sure if you want to view it that way . 
  if you get offended for someone saying america eats a lot of animals in the current thread 's context . 
  but his point is kind of irrelevant to this thread as a whole though as it was about animals dying through experiments and not as food . 
  he means those rims that have a part on it only connected in the center to the rims , allowing it to spin independently of the rim . 
  like so :, 
  yea but you might as well say russia eats billions of cows , pig and chickens . 
  that is why i said america is just an example . 
  you can replace it with any other possible example to the same point . 
  yea i do n't think they are used much . 
  of course there are probably countless different models so at least some are bound to appeal to you . 
  you can only put a maximum of 64 emeralds in . 
  but the guy is asking for 66 so you can never buy the sharpness v book . 
  a good one should do that . 
  confirming that the team liquid thread is still going strong . 
  randomly giving them away is still better than hoarding them . 
  it will expose more people dota 2 . 
  team liquid may have more people who will play it a longer time than the sharedota2 subreddit probably . 
  what do you mean a non region locked one ? 
  are the gifts we get in steam region locked ? 
  even if you play their game their teamfights are kind of bad . 
  the bots blow literally all their skills on one single target which instantly dies and then everything is on cooldown and they are easily cleaned up by the rest of the player team . 
  i think he means on the actualy fleshlight like in the picture he responded too . 
  not sure how it is relevant either but i 'll go with it . 
  i saw a couple of these when i was younger in an aquarium . 
  they were very scary looking and really big : o. i 'd say from memory they were like 0.5-1 .5 m tall to give you an idea . 
  to / r/nocontext we go !, 
  rules of the subreddit made me link the parent of the post , even though you need to check to op to get it . 
  just a heads up . 
  the post did n't start at 1400 points you know ... 
  not if there 's only a few . 
  good sk will get soul ring .
