  flat mana regen would be too good on heroes with low base mana pools/regen . 
  yes , and its hilarious when 2 diffusal carriers waste all their charges like this constantly slowing and purgong the slow . 
  probably intentional . 
  the skill says it roots anyone who enters the pit . 
  georgeous . 
  what about people buying retail copies ? 
  though i suppose they will be an extreme minority at this point . 
  only realized that this was n't from / r/floridaman when i started reading the comments . 
  maybe i 'm just not american enough but i still fail to see why its so awful to say the word nigger when a lot of black people seemingly use that word every other sentence . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  as a non american i always just assumed nigga was a slang version of nigger . . a ( really quick ) google search tells me that it 's pretty much the same word with the same meaning . 
  you are ... constantly calling yourself and your friends slaves and then getting upset when someone with another skin color calls you a slave as well because hey everyone does it . 
  but u have to be america to be a hypersensitive bitch about it it seems . 
  so many triggered americans in this thtread . 
  hes saying youre stuck in the past with your communist and freedom units dream scenarios . 
  for me it almost worked as reverse clickbait , where i did n't want to click because i really dislike the pokemon go videos . 
  auctionator has a scan all button and it definitely takes a few mins to scan 100k items . 
  i like trials !, 
  but what is the point when there are only 3 posts allowed per month . 
  are people really going to jerk themselves off to the same 3 posts for an entire month ? 
  on the post, 
  does giving them a little bell on their collar help with that ? 
  ours have a bell and i do n't think i 've seen them catch many birds at all . 
  they could also just suck at catching birds . 
  that would be hell if youre playing with a keyboard like some of hem are . 
  you would have to continously tap and release accelerate to not go too fast . 
  this is / r/mildlyinfuriating , not / r/mildlyinteresting though . 
  you guys are getting triggered because tourists do n't want to be forced to wear mourning clothes for some random king nobody cares about ? 
  what ? 
  seems really odd to me to force everyone to wear specific clothing just because some guy died . 
  me too thanks, 
  seems like all inland sea maps have insane amounts of sea resources . 
  at least it was like this for me too all the way around the coast . 
  same could be said for pc . 
  sure the keyboard controls might be wonky , but who does n't have a controller to use with pc anyway . 
  if you select a unit and click its name it shows u a list of all your units . 
  the ones asleep or fortified will have a symbol next to their name . 
  if you look even more carefully it seems he has lol 'd his own lol twice . 
  the first two are positive and only the third is negative . 
  if you ignore it they may get the modifier ` player unwilling to make diplomatic promise ' . 
  not certain about this though . 
  you could set up a board while playing online and play your opponents moves on the board as well . 
  except that in german autistic also would n't be capitalised . 
  to add to that : nobody is forcing you to be a mod , you could just stop powertripping and get on with your life if you really cared that much . 
  also the team health and mana bars are currently hidden behind alt , even though i think that is useful information to have at any time . 
  pinging once seems tobfix most of these minimap bugs . 
  went from 144 with everything maxed to about 60-90 with worse drops on everything maxed . 
  whats the difference ? 
  surely the outside is 99 % cgi too . 
  and why is the shop still split up in 2 tabs ? 
  why not show all items on 1 screen . 
  sounds like it could be ` nothing but you ' by paul van dyk . 
  i think it is a right click for me , have you tried that or the mac equivalent ? 
  any stat buffs from permanent effects persist even through silence or death . 
  these stat buffs are n't permanent , so the unit gets a text that says ` get stats until end of turn ' or something similar which will get removed by a silence . 
  it 's in the menu ( the cogwheel ) -  gameplay . 
  that submenu has a couple of checkboxes including advanced deckbuilding for me . 
  another trick is to move command your illusions on roshan to let them tank it . 
  reddit is fun has filtering on mobile . 
  how do you mean ? 
  i 've been using them to release lizards and it seems fine to me . 
  the only thing i changed was to bind control to a button on my mouse . 
  i have the same issue and it is really annoying indeed . 
  i do n't know how anyone can do any kind of endgame content like this . 
  surely you would just die every time it happens ? 
  are they still claiming its ddos attacks ? 
  if so then it has been like this for 2 + years already so i would n't expect much change . 
  i did it earlier today and there were like 5-10 people . 
  probably just because of the new bracelet . 
  kind of off topic , but forbes is so excruciatingly awful to read on mobile it 's a joke . 
  just a few posts down the subreddit ... 
  the first time you saw that acronym you immediately thought of lawyer and not anal ? 
  clicking on the cog in the bottomright opens some settings , of which playback speed is one . 
  i was crashing often on dx11 , but so far no crashing with dx9 ex . 
  although the crashing on dx11 might be an old problem . 
  which directx version are you using ? 
  i crash often on the dx11 beta for dx9 ex has not given me any crashes that i can remember . 
  the whole point of that option is that you only have to set it once . 
  changing the dx version from 11 to 9 also seems to fix it for some . 
  me included . 
  cpma feels similar to redlex in a lot of ways . 
  compared to using gtkradiant for ql it 's pretty bad though . 
  it takes much longer to do anythig because you only get the 3d view . 
  would be great to have some pros play in a small tournament and then have bethesda make a professional looking frag movie out of the played matches . 
  there will probably be a lot of terrible players . 
  even a few weeks/months ago i had some close games on iccup even though i 'm terrible and had n't played in years . 
  different volume sliders for different sounds should be pretty standard now right ? 
  so you can probably just turn down the stuff you do n't want to hear . 
  because of edgy 12 year old mods ? 
  just uncheck ` use subreddit style ' in the side bar . 
  this is probably useful on almost all subreddits because most themes are awful . 
  usually not really a fan of games like this . 
  but i can still remember playing through this like it was yesterday . 
  great story driven game . 
  hotkey remapping was the best feature for me . 
  i 've played broodwar every now and then in the past , but never got that good at it . 
  i was having tons of fun playing random on the ptr with grid hotkeys . 
  changing the hotkeys made it so much more enjoyable for me to learn again . 
  i did n't have any trouble with the ui either personally , i just downloaded the hotkey settings file for grid from teamliquid . 
  28269 ill pass ( lobby closed ),
