  personally i find it sad that people all over the world still make such a big fuss about sexual preference and race . 
  i mean what does it matter what race or sexual preference somebody has ? 
  yea its only a matter of time before wc3 will have been ported inside dota 2 . 
  then it will have gone full circle . 
  just check my neighborhood wifi names after this post and one of them is called ` wifight ' ... coincidence ? 
  extra x for exxtra coolness !, 
  the guy you replied to . 
  why not both ? 
  and buried in babies . 
  carma rules everything around me ? 
  in hindsight i fail to see how i missed that ... 
  it will devour us all, 
  this includes panda bear . 
  great for shutting down lone druid . 
  yea the position of it at the moment is quite unfortunate . 
  there is enough room elsewhere on the screen so it will probably get moved at some point . 
  also lvl 2 chakra magic at level 2 somehow . . 
  nyx nyx nyx . . 
  why not 2 pairs of sunglasses ? 
  i do n't know but i have this handy blizzard authenticator app on my phone which is basically the same and free . 
  it is used to log into any battle.net service . 
  imagine porting warcraft iii to inside dota 2 . 
  now that would be some inceptionworthy shit . 
  i 'm not retarded i saved the codes that it tells you to save somewhere ... 
  it 's telling you to save them somewhere for a reason not just for fun . 
  i remember my parents had some sort of mini bathtub on wheels which was relatively high up so they could easily access it . 
  definitely get one of those it was pretty cool for as far as i can remember . 
  someone 's read the askreddit thread about truth or dare \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  great if you like the physics and want to compete against others or just have fun doing crazy stuff in freestyle but not so great if you are looking for a single player campaign version of quake 3 . 
  defrag is definitely worth playing once you get into it and used to have a great community ( not very big but overall pretty friendly ) . 
  played it on and off myself for several years . 
  someone should add a creepy looking clown which blends into the background somewhere in this . 
  would instantly make it even more creepy . 
  i feel like it 'd fit pretty well somehow . 
  great read . 
  i personally like treads as you can either boost your mana pool and regen or bump up your health a little bit as you need . 
  i would only get arcanes when the team needs one ( so if others are n't already building those ) . 
  for enigma i tend to stick with basic boots for a pretty long time as i usually tend to value a quick bkb/mek/blink on enigma over upgraded boots . 
  and should they somehow let you channel it for some time they will be superslow and the slow lingers for 3 seconds after breaking channeling which is amazing in teamfights which take place in a confined area . 
  the internet tells me this is perfectly fine english . 
  by a lot of people upvoting it and only 18 commenting on the post . 
  not that hard . 
  if you only choose wex you 're gon na have a bad time, 
  or you could keep a backup in case of patched so that you only have to add any new heroes . 
  i 've never seen a dev post here so how would you know ? 
  you 'd have to multiply them from his wording ( product not sum ) . 
  but yes , curious also . 
  a few posts in 6 months does n't read to me as : `` the devs read reddit more than the dev forum '' . 
  the dev forum that was set up mostly for feedback would be used a ton more i assume . 
  1 valve employee posting here occasionally does n't mean they use reddit more than their dev forum . 
  you could always just enter the youtube link in www.hidemyass.com if its blocked in your country . 
  he manually lights some gunpowder with a match every time he shoots . 
  yea that 's true i guess :p, 
  yes . 
  if you look very closely hermes ' eyes kind of twitch back to another position after fry puts the slurm down . 
  are there people who use metacritic for games ? 
  i always just get gameplay footage on youtube from the big ( ger ) names and maybe read some objective information about it . 
  then form a conclusion myself , not that hard . 
  tldr : use google, 
  for all your future acronym and other internet slang reference try www.urbandictionary.com . 
  never fails me . 
  maybe someone can dig up a source for this ? 
  reverse googling the image did n't come up with anything useful . 
  shivas is a pretty common pickup on doom . 
  that gives a fair bit of mana pool and regen . 
  good find :d, 
  hermes ' eyes are probably just blinking like onslow_skils said . 
  the gif is n't cut there anyway because it is mid-sentence . 
  another one of life 's most important mysteries solved . 
  put something wooden in the bowl ( a wooden spoon or whatever ) . 
  it prevents the water from superheating somehow . 
  you can read about the phenomenon here : http://www.animations.physics.unsw.edu.au/jw/superheating.htm, 
  so what you are saying is your toothpicks do n't have knees ? 
  hold shift while performing an action will place the action in a queue . 
  so ie if you move somewhere then shift-attackmove somewhere else , then the unit will attackmove after the move command . 
  doing anything besides shiftqueueing will remove all queued actions . 
  explain this , science !, 
  keys to switch pages should be pretty easy to implement . 
  all you need to do is have an event trigger when the arrowkeys are pressed . 
  then do n't functionally have to change anything besides adding the current function to switch tabs to the event when those keys are pressed . 
  never go full s2, 
  i reckon that at least includes retailers which are selling simcity retail opies . 
  probably also webshops included with that . 
  not sure if general gaming news sites fall under that . 
  i doubt its the cost . 
  even ea would rather spend a bit more than have their reputation even more completely fucked . 
  the final product was probably very rushed out ( as seems to be the case for all new ea releases ) . 
  i would 've liked a more polished simcity ( bigger cities , more stuff , better ai ) but in the end ea probably basically said : ok you have to ship by this and that date and that 's all the time you got . 
  also note how captain falcon is clearly the best ssbm character . 
  fox is cool but somehow i always liked falcon more, 
  classes in gw1 were n't meant to be able to solo the game . 
  the entire game was designed to be played with parties from four to eight ( exceptions for some lategame missions ) players . 
  sure in the end some farming was done with groups way smaller than intended but it was never designed to be played all the way through solo . 
  same seems to be on every page . 
  can someone make this a thing ? 
  ( i mean howitworksgifs not spacedicks ), 
  looks like that woman standing behind her just divided by zero . 
  and morphlings . 
  wait you 're telling me xp in dota 2 in the first 5 mins is reduced ? 
  i read it as there being a mechanic in place that somehow reduced the xp in dota during the first 5 minutes which i had never heard of .
