  most of todays kings and queens barely have any power and are just public figures . 
  ( sucking up a lot of tax money :-\\ ), 
  neither is the one in op right ? 
  so then i guess it is similar, 
  but ... 
  but ... boston ? 
  americans get so supermad when you are n't pro-murica circlejerk . 
  they just do n't want to face that no matter how much circlejerking they do america is such a messed up country . 
  i 'm kind of indifferent but if i could choose i 'd say no purely for the money we 'd save . 
  we ( netherlands ) have a fully functioning government and a king/queen . 
  since the king does n't do anything but some mostly ( nowadays ) formal stuff , you could just get rid of him and save money . 
  why would you replace someone who does n't do anything ? 
  i know . . 
  i think the whole idea of nobility and stuff is way outdated . 
  it may have worked in the middle ages but not now . 
  cherished by most it seems . 
  else there is no reason why they still exist right ? 
  i know here in the netherlands a lot of people enjoy the whole monarchy thing . 
  at least he helps people learn the very basics of english . 
  the bitcoin mine malware really rapes your gpu though . 
  i had a bitminer ( malware , unrelated to esea ) installed and when the process would fire up it was impossible to use my gpu for anything . 
  worth it ? 
  apples , pears ... what 's the difference ? 
  happy cake day !, 
  probably because murica or some bullshit . 
  but i see the circlejerk has n't taken note of this comment yet . 
  yea give jonny a break reddit . 
  but but ... everything is real :-(, 
  i 'll throw in 1 karma for nicholas being the culprit too . 
  but boston man furging turrists tuk dr jerb, 
  this guy sounds like he is one of the most stereotypical ` bro ' douchebags currently in existence lol . 
  on the internet subtle sarcasm doesn ' f really work . 
  people will jusr think ur retarded or ` trolling ' . 
  because apparently almost anything is ` trolling ' these days . 
  does n't sound like too smart of a thing to do in the jungle . 
  i imagine you will attract infinite hordes of bugs that way . 
  well it is really impossible to tell when something is meant to be sarcastic when you have just some text . 
  unless it 's over the top obvious . 
  i do n't know why using irony/sarcasm punctuation has n't caught on yet . 
  what 's all this talk about 3 4 3 ? 
  whoops i 'm dumb . 
  congrats to the runner anyway . 
  i 'll probably watch this soon :d, 
  so soon i will be lifted off my bed by the fbi because i smoked marijuana in the netherlands ? 
  seems like a pretty legit law . 
  except when their religion is not christianity . 
  rip in peace op, 
  he 's dead, 
  op is dead, 
  we 're doomed, 
  what do you mean ? 
  every story is true . 
  winter is coming, 
  not nsfw . 
  true , he is retarded but has a point . 
  people should stop fucking complaining about having negative meaningless internet points as soon as they do n't get 100 % upvotes . 
  i know how up and downvotes work but thanks for the essay anyway . 
  if you have -4 downvotes that 's great for you . 
  but if you start editing and crying like a little child to everyone - ` why am i being downvoted :( ( ( ' - this will only further increase the number of downvotes . 
  alternatively one can just wait until rational people come by and upvote your comment . 
  complaining about downvoting does not add to the discussion and gets my immediate downvote . 
  definetely post the results on nosleep . 
  i 'm very interested and do n't want to miss out . 
  this is what nightmares are made of . 
  probably some german derivation of 9gag . 
  the first ` the ' ? 
  ah of course . 
  i would personally omit the first ` the ' as well but that 's just personal preference i guess . 
  make a video of the crawling ... for science !, 
  hat tcg, 
  if he is he probably has n't finished school . 
  rip in peace op, 
  i thought 0-10 was a personal scale ? 
  with 10 being highest you 've ever been and 0 being not high . 
  how can it not be if there 's nothing to reference too . 
  and also tolerance yes . 
  then again if you want to you could just visit a few in close proximity and get more . 
  might as well throw money down the well from what i 've read . 
  have n't seen the show yet though will do in a second . 
  f9 does n't do anything in chrome :( sorry but not very cool for me d :, 
  f11 however . . 
  my bad i must have misread then . 
  i was reading reddit on my phone in bed so i was n't a 100 % awake yet , 
  so you 're saying it 's officially not a personal scale ? 
  now i am confused . 
  which is it ? 
  i thought most people on trees used it as a personal scale . 
  well a [ 6 ] to somebody could be a [ 3 ] to someone else if it 's a personal scale . 
  it just depends on what your [ 10 ] is like i guess . 
  it does provide a way to quickly see how high someone is for them personally . 
  but right now it seems that it can be either personal or following some reference so there is even less point to having a scale . 
  oh my god rape `` victims '' are such cry babys, 
  i did n't see the other guy i was just randomly browsing some reddit in bed . 
  babies * but i was just quoting the above guys . 
  edit : thanks , it actually worked !, 
  apparently reddit hates muslims ? 
  kind of sad to see you getting downvoted as much as you are just for agreeing that these laws are inhumane . 
  edit : and apparently reddit also hates people who do n't hate muslims ? 
  the fbi is probably already on your ass as we speak . 
  become the mayor of your own new city !,
