  i got like 25 iron 2 emerald 10 silver and 5 gold ish from my biggest find so far . 
  there is plenty to be found you just have to get better at recognizing where the deposits are . 
  yup sounds amazing . 
  i 'll probably get one bc it 's so cheap and my laptop wo n't be able to host and play simultaneously . 
  is bombing helpful in any way to get metals ? 
  how so ? 
  i think you can always climb by holding control while moving into a vertical wall . 
  levelling the skill reduces stamina consumption while climbing and unlocks gliding at level 5 . 
  cool . 
  i did already notice that rolling off a cliff allows you to jump once mid air but i will give this a shot too . 
  that makes sense !, 
  i couldve actually sworn a couple of times there was a green glow but no emeralds and i figured they mustve spawned in the walls . 
  never occurred to me to use bombs to get to them , that is great . 
  it 's technically still called mp in this game though . 
  although it functions like ` rage ' or similar mechanics . 
  wait how do you remove blocks from your weapon ? 
  i misclicked earlier and just worked around it as it seemed irriversible . 
  a magnetron is a device that emits microwaves . 
  there 's one in your microwave as well and is pretty harmless as long as you do n't put your dick in it . 
  being dutch myself , i am aware  . 
  well that 's the case for every card with an active so far except for the automata forge , which explicitly states that you can use it more than once . 
  so it is an exception . 
  oooh , you almost got busted there buddy . 
  it 's out of gas . 
  green recipes need emerald to craft and i think yellow ones need diamond etc. 
  another one of man 's great mysteries solved . 
  a job well done reddit . 
  keep in mind you will be only 75 % stamina after the roll . 
  ca n't you just set render distance in game in the options menu ? 
  also yes , i can still see pretty far at 30 % myself . 
  apparently you just click them on the weapon . 
  have n't tried it yet but someone else answered that question for me . 
  you can remove blocks by clicking them, 
  420 #blaze #it, 
  at least they claim to investigate rather than put their tongue up the us 's ass . 
  i 'm all for this . 
  i did n't even notice it said dou instead of do you before your comment pointed it out . 
  you now may be on the list . 
  a photographer most likely . 
  you 're right , but it is being portrayed as some evil hardcore drug even though alcohol is just as bad if not worse . 
  it 's just that alcohol is a socially accepted drug . 
  but it does n't have to be assymetric if you do n't have adsl but instead maybe fiber . 
  in which case the isps choose to offer more down than up usually because of different usage for the average internet user . 
  with focus : hold forwards or backwards , then focus then release forwards or back and tap forwards/back again . 
  i find dashing normally on my 360 controller a pain . 
  but using focus it can save some motion if you are already walking . 
  would n't really call this defrag if you read the text , but it 's better than nothing i guess . 
  i apparently have small ears . 
  at least small enough to be noted by others as such . 
  i had never really noticed it until someone pointed it out halfway through high school . 
  same . 
  i also often scratch my achilles heel on the stair before on some stairs if i do n't place my feet diagonally . 
  especially barefeet it can hurt . 
  biblethump, 
  he could just fire you and get another guy . 
  i do n't think you can just sue for a raise for no reason . 
  you can use it as a pc/ac combination afterwards . 
  yeah , as mentioned elsewhere , there are barely any rts games out there which still are actively being playe ; compared to the amount of mobas at least . 
  kind of an odd decision on their part , i think players would be happier if it had stayed a rts . 
  as a big fan of gw in general i do think they could have gone for a few more skills at any given time . 
  the whole idea of taking a limited skill set out of a big pool of skills ( ~ 500 + in gw1 ) is very cool , especially in a party setting ( which gw1 was based around ) . 
  i do n't like it as much in gw2 , partly due to there just being straight up less skills to choose from . 
  although of course you end up with a handfull of useless skills that nobody uses that changes depending on balance and the metagame . 
  tldr : imo limited # of skills is great when there are enough slots and ( variety in ) skills, 
  enhance . 
  maybe the state will just put it up for auction at some point ? 
  money for them which they otherwise do n't do anything with anyway . 
  this post is so helpful . 
  gamepad and wheels have an obvious advantage over keyboard : analog steering . 
  i think the choice of pad or wheel ( and which ) are just based on personal preference . 
  no graphics are covered seperately . 
  they meant car handling . 
  first they will also have to focus on getting their basic features all up and running ( friendlist , ui , spectatormode/official replays , tournament functionality just to name some stuff they may or may not want ) . 
  after that they can fully focus on pumping out content and balancing it . 
  forests and some modest hills sure . 
  a fair bit of wildlife too in said forests . 
  but indeed a lot of land is farms/plains or otherwise used by man . 
  just keep at it , it took me forever . 
  try working out a way that works for you and try to always do it like that . 
  if you have trouble getting grip on your paper try wiping your hands on your pants or slightly wetting them before wiping them . 
  exactly , then compare to what it 's supposed to be . 
  right , all their marketing just suddenly happens out of nowhere . 
  he 's rambling about digital games sales i think . 
  may be me but how is it sad ? 
  the natural geography is just very flat and it 's a tiny country so a lot of space is used for building . 
  there 's still good amounts of preserved nature . 
  frozen synapse is amazing at what it does ( top down tactical combat between small squads for those who do n't know ) . 
  i 'm sure there 's still enough people playing online and definitly worth a go if you like this sort of game . 
  it 's something i will do if i ever get 3 of every card . 
  it provides a card/gold sink with good incentive for players with a lot of played games . 
  seems logical that it would be ranked data , but of course if it 's not specified we ca n't know for sure :( . 
  i think depending on matchup eg ove or ovg it would also vary a fair bit . 
   highlighting text , then replying while it 's highlighted will quote that part of the post for you . 
   edit : itt everyone quotes my post, 
   edit2 electric boogaloo : too many notifications, 
  and in real life stuff does n't suddenly appear when you throw scrolls at the ground . 
  if you start comparing games which do n't try to emulate real life to real life then you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  outcast + dryadic power with 1 growth can be really devastating though , it forces your opponent to hit him for 6 ( or more with elders ) in a single turn ( or use a spell ofc ) . 
  buff him . . o wait ... 
  or still better : just 3d print .
