  the start is pretty hard on vet without any items in your stash from other chars . 
  it 's not . 
  burning for eternity sounds a lot worse than broken knees . 
  sort by level definitely worked for me . 
  he also just uploaded a new video 30 minutes ago , probably as a result of his channel blowing up . 
  besides stopping ah flipping its also a big goldsink . 
  i imagine the goldsink aspect is another big reason to have it . 
  any post you save you can see on your profile under the saved tab . 
  a faster method is to end game in the disconnect menu when the minimize to tray box is ticked . 
  nobody cares about your sob story essay dude . 
  maybe you should n't make shit posts if you care that much about downvotes . 
  i ca n't seem to download the nxt client , am i doing something wrong ? 
  both the link in this op and on the rs homepage link me to this page https://www.runescape.com/a=13/c=afbctqlxb9k/download, 
  when i download the runescape client from there it is still the old client . 
  edit : nvm i redownloaded/installed it from the same page and now it is the new client . 
   nothing about counter-strike is about the game anymore, 
  this makes it sound like everyone is just betting all the time . 
  in fact i have never bet on csgo and probably never will . 
   valve has not : its software enables an explicit connection between in-game goods and off-line cash . 
  this is also misleading , because using valve 's software you ca n't actually cash out any of your money and its stuck being what i like to call gaben bucks . 
  valve 's software is just a one way street , actual money goes in and gaben bucks come out . 
  maybe this has been going on for longer , in that case i just have n't noticed until now . 
  i really liked how the intro teaser was from smiths viewpoints , while later in the video we see the same scene from trotts viewpoint . 
  seems like a nice idea to show off the ` best ' moment from 2 different angles . 
  yeah get one of those ` normal ' 1000s of betting sites to sponsor them instead that 's a way better influence than porn . 
  yep , i know this is just an anecdote but for example my turkish colleagues also seem to really love him , one of them even has a picture printed of erdogan . 
  i do n't see why we need any islamic countries in the eu . 
  even less islamic dictatorships . 
  their culture is not compatible at all . 
  yeah , you seem to really know the eu . 
  we dont need turks for anything . 
  i would recommend filtering the american politics subreddits . 
  res can do this and so can reddit is fun on mobile at least . 
  it has made reddit great again . 
  better fire james to fix it, 
  ca n't believe gaben hasnt publicly shamed him on reddit yet . 
  i tried watching this guy cast with ld yesterday , and ld sounded like he wanted to kill himself to end it . 
  they have mentioned multiple times working on another one , but the last time they mentioned it was a while ago i think . 
  i 'd assume they are still working on it but at least one more seems pretty certain . 
  do they have to be named like that or can the new design be called anything ? 
  i 've been afraid to try this on ironman . 
  thought i would end up with unupgradeable corvettes . 
  simon 's godfather accent is the best . 
  my simple solution to the shitty program that is nvidia geforce experience is to just not use it . 
  nothing about it is useful for me , and the driver updating was always very buggy . 
  now i can understand a bit better why americans hate cyclists so much . 
  i did n't realise they just use the highway like it 's no big deal . 
  they also really do n't seem to care that they are swerving all over the place . 
  are you using python 2 ? 
  in python 3 they would both return 4.5 . 
  from what i quickly read about it : in python 2 / acts as integer division when it is dividing only integers . 
  so in python 2 to use true division you would need to make sure one of the numbers is a float . 
  commenting for others with the same issue . 
  i had this issue and contacted their support . 
  they ( very quickly ) told me to party with someone and have them teleport me to the raft to start the mission chain ( be sure to get the waypoint ) . 
  which seems to have worked for me . 
  what about visage ? 
  he has like 1 or maybe 2 familiar alternatives and thats it . 
  i 've been waiting for visage items for years . 
  in res there 's the option to filter out subreddits . 
  you should definitely filter out all the bullshit american political subreddits . 
  before i did it reddit was pretty much unusable but now it 's great : no american politics in sight . 
  everything is a moba , because riot made up the most generic term ever and forced it down everyone 's throat . 
  here 's what i could quickly dig up . 
  maybe a good starting point ? 
  i 'm not really wikipedia savvy so i 'll leave that to others . 
  that 's just about 1 specific trailer though , while they definitely did a lot more of them . 
  i like trials, 
  happens quite often to me lately . 
  figured it was a server issue because it 's definitely not my connection . 
  yes, 
  that 's some old ass reference you got there . 
  amazing . 
  yep . 
  i think company addresses are usually public information . 
  even if it was n't on the internet you could probably request it from some place . 
  yogscast tom c please !, 
  so why could n't any of the cool open carry heroes stop this nightmare ? 
  that 's what they 're always bragging about is n't it ? 
  then why carry a gun if you are n't going to be able to do anything anyway ? 
  best case scenario you do nothing worst case scenario you get shot . 
  they 're called butt babies . 
  it 's just him throwing stuff reversed . 
  seeing as how this is american software , how can you ever just assume there is no backdoor access ? 
  i play a ton of visage and even i thought it was es, 
  i think it 's also interesting how you supposedly retain much more heat in the near vacuum of space . 
  there is way less atmosphere to conduct the heat off your body than there is for example on earth . 
  keep stickying your own comments that will help a lot . 
  why does every thread nowadays have a power hungry mod stickying his own comment to farm karma ... 
  i think sites might be fine if they do n't use the api and bots . 
  ie use legitimate currency instead of using skins to skirt the law . 
  i ca n't even log into steam . 
  also the purchase i made was apparently made the second this mess started . 
  money gone and no in game item . 
  steam says everything went fine on their end so now i 'll have to contact the game support -_-, 
  actually after i managed to get back in steam the currency did appear . 
  so it seems the game i was playing just had trouble communicating with steam properly . 
  almost every game there are a lot of accusations of cheating . 
  but in 500 + hours i think i 've seen maybe one or two people who were obviously full spinbot cheating . 
  the others were just decent / not deaf / not blind .
