  to me it only happened once after like 4 hours and then once again quickly after . 
  100 % sure my gpu is n't overheating or something since i 'm monitoring that . . 
  bronze league are really only casuals or just really really really bad . 
  without any prior experience you should be able to hold your own in silver and up in a week or even less . 
  i also played for about 6-7 hours before getting disconnected 3-4 hours ago . 
  at the very first login i also had to wait around 1 hour to get on . 
  the way it works is this : you play against people in your own division , then if you get better you play better people in your division and eventually people in silver . 
  once you start beating silvers on a regular basis the game will decide to promote you to silver . 
  the exact mechanics are not entirely known i think but there 's an underlying elo-ish system and there is a lot of theory about it on teamliquid.net . 
  but these are the basics . 
  yes . 
  you would be better off eating and drinking healthy foods/beverages in the long run . 
  in the short run energy drinks will give you a boost of energy though but over the course of 24 hours ... nope . 
  ( from my experience and probably a lot of others as well , no scientific proof here ), 
  that means that the gold has been performing bad lately and was being matched agaisnt silvers . 
  and it means the game decided to match you vs a silver skill player which turned out to be that gold player , 
  how ? 
  i 've been trying to expand my bank but i ca n't find the bank expansion things anywhere in the gem store . 
  tried all tabs and also searching for keywords , but to no avail :( . 
  was thinking they were n't in yet because of maybe some buggy behaviour . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  completely missed that . 
  if you have n't been able to play the game for 4 days there 's probably something going wrong on your end because the game has in fact not been down the past 4 days ... 
  you ca n't trade karma though so this does n't matter in the slightest . 
  actually they would turn them on betweem 21pm and 24am . 
  yes , i would have like thrice the amount of money i have now if it was working :( for now i 'm just hoarding all the good stuff i find and will sell it once the prices settle . 
  the prices will probably be so low after it goes up again because everybody has been hoarding items . 
  `` company run in such poor manner '', 
  aside from this highly debatable slip up i do n't see how arenanet is run in a poor manner at all , i do n't even consider this situation running a company in a poor manner . 
  if you are not smart enough to realise that anet as a company is one of the gaming companies that cares the most about their customers then you should probably not come back to guild wars 2 , it is created for a smart audience . 
  an audience which thinks twice before exploiting a bug by buying thousands of these items and turning them into gold . 
  fyi all people who did not majorly abuse the exploit received a 3-day ban just as a warning message but only the big abusers got a perma ban . 
  most of the people here on reddit are probably lying about the numbers so as to try and put arenanet in a bad light after they got banned and are mad or to get their account back . 
  if you look in this thread multiple people claimed they only bought 1 and arenanet responded saying they in fact bought 100s of them , knowing very well what was going on . 
  mad cus retarded ... 
  knowingly exploiting a bug and then crying when you get a ban ( which is clearly stated everywhere ( tos , coc ) that it will result in a ban . ), 
  you can only blame yourself for stupidity . 
  well all this outcrying of false claims on public forums also makes arenanet look pretty bad right ? 
  `` oh huurr duurr i only bought 1 itemzz and got banned lolol never bay anyzing from ncsoft again lolol '', 
  they 're just trying to cleanse their name ( anet that is by calling those people out ) . 
  why would you need to cry in an open forum about your ban if it is ungrounded , would n't you just go through said legal department to get your account unlocked and an apology from arenanet ? 
  so pretty sure all these people posting are trolling or retarded because i see no other reason to post here crying if they could just get their account back if they have n't actually done anything wrong . 
  yes and all these people seem to be feeding off of each other to create the most rediculous wild stories ... it 's so sad how low people will go . 
  all the people who were banned by accident will have long gone to support and are actually playing again while all the butthurt exploiters are crying in public places trying to blame arenanet for all wrong in the world . 
  they stated all the severe botters were actually perma banned . 
  those botters that were 72 hour banned were just regular players like you and me using macros probably ( can also be seen as bots ) to afk-farm these fast spawning events what people have been doing to automatically farm karma gold and xp ( also known as botting ) . 
  they were not the kind of bots that farm gold to sell . 
  the respect for krip , which called out all his rabid fans to spam the guild wars twitter and spam shit all over the place after being a retarded moron by doing something obviously not right , just hit the roof right ? 
  because bashing anet is the new trend and everyone doing it is all cool suddenly . 
  the vast majority of players did get a 72 hour ban , warning . 
  its the small amount of retards that bought 100s or even 1000s not thinking at all that are being all butthurt all over the internet right now . 
  all people wrongly perma banned will have long since contacted support and probably are playing again right now . 
  all the people being butthurt are people who probably deserved the ban . 
  good because if your friends are on the same level of intelligence as you we do n't need them in the game either . . 
  why the definition ? 
  you did derive benefit from it by actually getting these weapons . 
  having x weapons is obviously a benefit over having 0 weapons . 
  so it 's not like the word is used wrongly . 
  also i do n't care much about the cursing , this is the internet nobody should really feel personally attacked tbh . 
  so were you perma banned for that ? 
  probably not so you are crying over nothing . 
  if you want to appeal your ban crying on reddit is not the way . 
  just support a ticket to arenanet like everyone else and you will get your account back . 
  `` casual botting without exploiting '' lolwut, 
  aka your average user ( let 's say you ) making an autohotkey script to spam 1 every second to automatically complete the event automatically every time it spawns while afking and automatically gaining karma/gold/xp . 
  this is something completely different than the gold farming bots in d3 or professional gold farming bots . 
  arenanet are using the words macro and bot for thesame ends . 
  thats the whole point . 
  nobody but the people who were knowingly abusing it and buying 100s of those weapons were perma banned . 
  people who unknowingly or maybe knowingly bought a few were not banned at all and minor offendors got a 3-day warning ban . 
  if you think you were unjustly banned you could probably just get your account back through support and all those people crying on reddit about it are the people that abused the bug on purpose to gain an advantage knowing that they were exploiting a bug and knowing that they were doing something wrong . 
  it is only good for the rest of the players that arenanet bans this filth from their game as they would likely do the same thing again and again if left unpunished . 
  yes 3000 people who exploited the bug like there was no tomorrow buying 100s of items . 
  you people posting these retarded comments should read a bit before crying . 
  all people who bought only a few were either unbanned or given a three day warning ban if they bought maybe a dozen or two . 
  only the big offenders who knowingly abused the bug to gain an advantage were permanently banned which is completely fine . 
  if you fail to realise that this is a big issue and they should be banned for it then i 'm not sure you should spent your time playing video games and should rather get some form of education . 
  also 3000 people of the probably at least two million people that bought the game is like nothing . 
  its only the really big offenders that got permanently banned and are now crying , lying and shittalking their ass off everywhere they can being the disgusting filth they are . 
  right ... people like you should probalby be executed right away . 
  how can you be so retarded to draw these random conclusions from me explaining to a fucking moron what the difference is between casual botting and professional botting . 
  also i 'm not botting , have never botted and probably will never bot in any game as it is just more fun to play yourself . . 
  i know and all those people actually falling for it and getting mad at anet ... sure anet made a mistake but the only people punished for it are those exploiting it to the maximum . 
  all people on here claiming otherwise are either lying to make anet look bad or should be contacting support rather than reddit . 
  it still refers to the same thing in lore as it always has . 
  i am sure of this . 
  some people say they take ages to get someone to respond to their ticket while my crash issue related ticket took like 24 hours or so . 
  examples ? 
  most of the people on here saying they are banned for nothing are lying themselves to put anet in a bad light or for whatever other reason , otherwise they could just get their account back through support if it was really for nothing . 
  it is when buying cash store items . 
  you buy the buy button , which then changes to a confirm button . 
  then you click the confirm button and you 're done . 
  it 's a wiki , you can click the little history button on the top and see all of the page 's revision , showing the old versions of the page , eg the old status updates . 
  they probably saw them standing in the same spot for hours pressing 1 every second which clearly indicates some kind of macro aka unsophisticated bot . 
  you can also buy the gw2 soundtrack and just add those songs as well . 
  i heard that if you go to the sound options and put the sound buffer to most stable it prevents this from happening . 
  wow, 
  now i really wish i had a computer which could run it smoothly on anything other than low :(, 
  hopefully in a year i will have enough money saved to get my hands on a decent desktop :d,
