  would you still say it is bullshit if you replace windows with xbox ? 
  xbox has less than 1 % gaming market share according to you , but still they have had successful xbox exclusive esports titles . 
  so surely ios with 20 % could do perfectly fine . 
  that 's great for you , just wanted to let you know that you made an idiotic argument . 
  i could n't care less about your favorite os . 
  of course they are all related . 
  they are all different operating systems , whether you like it or not . 
  they just run on different kinds of devices ( phones vs pc vs a closed set of hardware ) . 
  you ca n't just pretend that consoles do n't exist even if you are a pc gamer ( like i am as well ) . 
  you are saying the game ca n't do well because it is on an operating system which only has a 20 % market share . 
  so i made the counter example that games like fifa , halo , cod , racing games have done well on consoles as an esport ( which according to your data have < 1 % market share , a lot less than the 20 % of ios ) . 
  so there is no reason why it is bound to fail for not being on android is what i am trying to say . 
  all you are doing it bashing consoles it seems ( i do n't like them either just fyi , but at least i 'm not closing my ears singing `` lalala consoles do n't exist '' ) . 
  / r/pcmasterracecirclejerk is that way , this is / r/esports, 
  especially during day it can give you a large advantage even without using it to skip over wards . 
  the range for smoke to pop is a low lower than day vision . 
  but they all have all three of those things i think . 
  only huskar has just a slow and no hard disable , but i think otherwise all those characters have some form of disable , nuke and dot . 
  even my dad with his super ultra basic website with like 1 user account uses hashed passwords ... 
  why should you be offended for this as a gay man ? 
  `` ooh look some random guy is doing something not stereotypically masculine , i 'm so offended right now because i am gay . '', 
  it would make infinitely more sense . 
  someone at reddit hq probably gets a huge boner from shadowbanning people though . 
  35-40 degrees ? 
  how can that be immersive to anyone ? 
  it would be like putting on horse blinkers ( if that 's what they are called ) . 
  i 've never seen that plane before , it looks perfect for stuntladding all over it !, 
  i 've only done a really quick google search , but it seems that you could just use powerpoint and interactive buttons . 
  this thread is literally cancer , good job op . 
  do n't see why ` is ' and ` not ' would be exclusive to interpreted languages ( i get that they are also used in python if that 's what you are referencing ? ), 
  how is not having an optical drive more expensive than having an optical drive ? 
  it costs money to buy and install an optical drive . 
  did you even think this through ? 
  it 's only racist if they do n't like it . 
  in your example black is associated with something positive so they wo n't scream racism . 
  did you even listen to the audio fragment that you linked to saying bruno is definitely icefrog ? 
  the guy posting that misheard what bruno says . 
  bruno does n't say `` i did n't remove that '' , but he clearly says `` i did n't remember that '' . 
  so i 've been playing some today again for the first time in a while . 
  i host ranked lobbies and a lot of the times i am now greeted with a `` waiting for other players '' indefinitely until one of us leaves the lobby . 
  is this an issue on my end ? 
  i can still hear them talking on voicechat if they have it on until they leave , but the game does n't seem to progress . 
  and if it is an issue on my end : when did this new feature get introduced ? 
  i 've never had problems with waiting for other players , now every other game gets stuck on this screen . 
  edit : also in endless lobby so far i have n't been able to play a single game , at least in ranked it does n't happen every game . 
  guess i wo n't be playing some sf4 then , it was finally fun again after they fixed the netcode , but now i ca n't play anyway ? 
  why can cigarette companies sue a government for the laws they impose ? 
  the family may not have the money . 
  the family could have had nothing to do with the dead person for a long time , forcing them to pay for someone they do n't know/care about . 
  i think the main point is that being family does n't always equate to being great friends , so families could be forced to go bankrupt because some long gone family member jumped . 
  what if you do n't want to be ? 
  would you have no problem selling your house because your reclusive brother who you have n't talked to in years committed suicide ? 
  i get what you are saying , but especially because of your first line i would n't like something like this . 
  believe it or not , but not all families are super happy and well off . 
  you ca n't choose your family . 
  this means you do n't have a choice in how good or bad your family is . 
  to me it just seems like this would screw over people who have really shitty relationships within their family . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  may mays are the new mainstream media !, 
  do n't worry , i just used may may for ... comedic effect maybe ? 
  i 've always read it properly too . 
  very often customer support is outsourced to another company . 
  the only reason valves customer service is so shit is because they are greedy and do n't want to spend any money on it . 
  how can someone eat that without barfing all over the place ? 
  i do n't think they care too much about actually winning or not , they are making money doing it so why stop ? 
  if they actually won and stopped all piracy forever they would have to look for new jobs . 
  did they really lose anything from the lawsuit ? 
  did n't they just claim to not know anything and sacrifice this one dev ? 
  hats for maps !, 
  because he was banned from the sub by a power abusing subreddit mod ( ie almost all mods , what other reason is there to be a mod other than wanting that sense of power and control . ), 
  not everyone in favor of it is necessarily hypocritical . 
  that exxon ceo definitely is . 
  he is willing to make money off of fracking unless the fracking actually affects him , then he wants to stop it . 
  yes , it looks awful . 
  but maybe i 'm just not american enough ( read : not american ) . 
  because he is fine with fracking near homes as long as it is n't his home . 
  he could n't care less if they are fracking in your backyard , but do it anywhere near him and he opposes it . 
  fixing hitboxes is too complicated for newer players . 
  i like how everyone is asking you for a source , but they do n't need a source to believe that women are less prone . 
  i 'm not taking a side , i just thought it was a fun observation . 
  they are pushing themselves into poverty in this example though , are n't they ? 
  the only ones stopping them from getting their child vaccinated and getting child support are they themselves . 
  at any point they could say : `` let 's get my child vaccinated to get that child support '' , how is that being even potentially pushed into poverty ? 
  i can see where you are coming from . 
  i guess in my mind it seems more like an incentive to vaccinate rather than a way to punish people . 
  maybe i am just too optimistic believing people would rather vaccinate their kids than letting their kids live in poverty ... 
  i guess we will never know : o, 
  you do n't use it to make toast but to quicjly thaw frozen bread . 
  there also exists paella without seafood . 
  yep . 
  you already even have to install an executable to even play the mod . 
  seems like they could easily include a map file in it . 
  yep , they were totally going to mount a land invasion enslaving all of america . 
  good thing you nuked japan to stop it . 
  amazing !, 
  so quick too !, 
  vote brigading , or otherwise known as allowing voting and commenting in np links purely so you can shadowban those who do it enough . 
  i never knew that you could do this , but if i did i would have used the shit out of it . 
  technically dividing by 0 is undefined and does not result in infinity . 
  not really .
