  / r/trees, 
  so basically online multiplayer like in a lot of games . 
  you ca n't tell how much computing the server is doing just by looking at data traffic . 
  a server could do a ton of computing but only send an integer ( the result of the computation for example ), 
  black ? 
  actually , since the cd went up it heals slightly less per minute if you were to use it on cd . 
  255 hp/min before the patch and 250 after . 
  in hon the courier would only fill the bottle for 2/3rds . 
  something like that is also an option . 
  i do n't know , some people are easily offended . 
  i never said they are using a lot of computing power you are just maknig stuff up . 
  all i said is that the amount of data transferred means nothing as to how much computations the servers are doing . 
  also the simcity servers apparently do nothing but simulate region play and some anti-cheat checks . 
  since it is possible to indefinitely play offline without saves and region play . 
  go home futilestruggle you 're drunk . 
  seems like a possom to me . 
  also reverse psychology . 
  also 4 % cpu is nothing . 
  this requires you to either wait until shackle channeling is over or interupt it . 
  if you use hex you can shackle them after you trapped them so they have to wait longer before they can escape . 
  sure but then you first stand there for 2.5-4 .75 seconds which may not always be the best way to go about it . 
  also your shackle will be on cooldown . 
  it 's all still entirely situational though . 
  shackling and then shift queueing a ward trap can be the way to go at times . 
  usually i find it a good thing to comment :, 
  * the general purpose of a function, 
  * the parameters with a short description, 
  * exceptions thrown and when, 
  at least that 's what i tend to do . 
  it is that 's where i picked the habit up . 
  it is very useful though to understand other people 's code when working on projects in groups . 
  with that information you know everything you need to know about the code . 
  although usually the parameters should be pretty clear just from their names as well . 
  and for simple functions the name may be sufficient enough as well . 
  it could be used as a household phone . 
  you could just put it on speaker and you do n't even have to hold it . 
  for double the karma obviously, 
  nobody is complaining . 
  the whole idea of having these bumps is giving the user some tactile feedback as to when a ` key ' is pressed or where your fingers are . 
  i can imagine having to push the top of the bump down to actually make contact and ` press ' the key . 
  if this is the case you could rest your fingers on it . 
  i 'm not sure how it works however . 
  so this is like dividing by zero right ? 
  if so ... what have you done plki76 ... 
  this is apparently the case for dutch . 
  in high school when learning grammar i learned there were apparently infinite random grammar rules which nobody knows but still exist . 
  entirely depends on which subreddits you read . 
  some subreddits ( / r/gaming comes to mind ) are absolutely terrible while more of the smaller and specific subreddit usually have more quality and original content . 
  yea but one of the first things i did was turn everything off that i did n't care for . 
  now i 'm subscribed to around 70 interesting subreddits and it 's great just reading the frontpage . 
  true but you can use your index finger and middle finger and whatnot on a tablet . 
  impressive prophet play in the games he played today . 
  valve could . 
  but for now its doing nothing harmful so i doubt valve will really care . 
  yea that was the best moment ever !, 
  next best thing, 
  there must be some evil sorcery at work here ... 
  sure basically nothing is wrong with them except they have dents all over the body . 
  the production value outshines that of all other dota 2 tournaments though . 
  great now i will have something to watch for the rest of the day . 
  but with clarities you have to stand outside of autoattack range for 30 seconds to get the full effect . 
  whereas for a bottle charge you only need 3 seconds to get the full effect . 
  usually i find you do n't even need clarities if you get your bottle fast enough . 
  start with some consumables and gg branches and you will very quickly have a bottle . 
  then you bottle the first rune or bottlecrow and you wo n't even need clarities . 
  wand is core on almost everyone . 
  there are very few heroes who do n't benefit fully from it . 
  really blunts are illegal as well in the us ? 
  what are you being charged for ? 
  possession of paper stuff ? 
  ca n't people just say they use it for tobacco . 
  you 'd still be good off getting it . 
  it 's not like everyone around you is permanently silenced or something . 
  then ok, 
  agree . 
  lol players need to stop thinking that every other gamer who does n't play lol hates and despises lol . 
  there will obviously be a minority who thinks that but the majority just do n't care , so stop acting like everyone cares . 
  i never mentioned sc2 why do you even bring it up . 
  i bet i can come up with some threads in / r/lol bashing stuff like hon and dota2 and whatnot . 
  smart . 
  just pay guards for a few hours and now they will forever get free advertising through the interwebs as this and similar images get reposted forever and ever everywhere . 
  path of exile is a great game and worth playing if you 're into that kind of stuff . 
  it is however still being worked on and not 100 % finished as it 's in beta but still great . 
  ( for me personally ), 
  dagon first new meta, 
  holding off for the 6.78 patch maybe ? 
  i mean if they really wanted to there would be no way they could n't have ported at least one hero in so i bet it must be their reason . 
  so cute !, 
  you ca n't i think he 's confused about that one . 
  you ca n't steal two skills at the same time . 
  so i guess kotl ulti is just useless then . 
  ( would be cool/hilarious if rubick could ride the horse though ), 
  what do you mean by a boss patch ? 
  the effective healing is reduced by 5 hp per minute ( 255 then vs 250 now ) so that is basically negligible . 
  the 10 vs 20 second duration is much more impactful as you have to stay away longer from other heroes ' auto attack range if you want to get the full effect from the heal . 
  it also has a duration . 
  do you get booted out of it after the spellsteal ends ? 
  they should do more of these animations for other auras ( i know this is not an aura but it 's the same idea ) . 
  but make them simple looking , while still being unique and recognizable , so they do n't clutter the screen . 
  i hope they end up doing some more common items .
