  they probably range somewhere between extremely hot during the day to a little less hot during the day . 
  actually then 19 ... qxe8 and white lost a rook and queen . 
  man those tricks which were n't actually tricks but rather just the driver flopping all over the place made me crack up so much . 
  ca n't wait for more trials . 
  i like trials . 
  maybe you should check the official battle.net forums for hots then to actually see if others report this issue . 
  and i doubt it can hurt to post a thread there if there do n't seem to be any on this topic . 
  i like trials !, 
  ( ... and hat pack ), 
  and go play murder simulator 2k14 on your xstation1 . 
  great was about to win my 6th arena game . 
  was literally about to get the winning turn . 
  now i 'm 5-3 most likely :(, 
  edit : still 5-2 . 
  that 's a first . 
  hur dur le mods are so fany, 
  but exactly which brazzers ? 
  there are too many d :, 
  i made my own simple python script a while ago to remove duplicate pictures . 
  it could easily work for music by changing the extensions it looks at to . mp3 and stuff . 
  not sure you would trust it and you would have to install python i guess , but it works fine for me . 
  i could n't quickly find an existing program to do it when i needed to do it . 
  why would they veto trott ? 
  iirc it was one of the more usual names in the list . 
  it creates an md5 hash of every file in the directory that it is run in , then it compares all hashes to all other hashes . 
  files which have an identical md5 hash can be assumed the same . 
  then when it is done comparing them all it shows you a list of pairs of names of files which are duplicates and after you confirm that it is a correct list the program deletes all the duplicates . 
  i like trials . 
  i think the humming may just be something that happens with cheaper ( ?? ), 
  amps . 
  at least mine used to have a little hum going when the distortion was turned up but the guitar was muted . 
  but i do n't have a lot of experience so do n't take my word for it . 
  but should n't they hash every password and only store the hash of each password in their database ? 
  so each password would be stored at the same length anyway . 
  lappa, 
  or you could just put a ward outside of the well like a professional spawn camper . 
  if you 're successfully spawn camping i do n't think that 's your biggest concern , but fair point i guess . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are systems being used by traders where trusted third parties hold both items before finalising the trade which you can use if you want to sell steam items for real money . 
  be careful !, 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  2 minutes is still enough time to tell your team where the enemy wards are though . 
  i 'm just saying 2 minutes is n't enough of a delay if you really want to make sure the stream ca n't affect the games . 
  i realize that if you put it on 7 minutes we will have to put up with watching overlays for 7 minutes instead of 2 . 
  her mount is actually called sagan ( or so says the dota 2 wiki ) . 
  i 'm still in game but the game freezes up almost every turn for 2/3rds of the turn ... 
  small edit : bullshit acceptance speech longer than the original post . 
  it sharpens the edge . 
  i am in high school . 
  he could have read the packaging . 
  if it burns through sponges and skin it will most likely have some big warning labels on it . 
  have you tried contacting their support ? 
  i have contacted them a few times in the past and they have always responded pretty quickly . 
  i 'm sure they have answered this question before . 
  it remains true no matter how mad you get . 
  i guess it will only be some time before they block this as well , like they did to that twitch europe lag fix extension that popped up near the end of last year . 
  the viewing experience from europe has been really bad for a long time now . 
  you will get stuttering no matter what . 
  refreshing until you get the lucky server which doesnt have to buffer takes forever . 
  switching from source to high can sometimes help but in my experience even on high the video quality is absolutely dreadful . 
  the main reason i barely watch twitch anymore is because there 's almost always buffering and then of course a while later a lot of skipping around when it tries to catch up again . 
  i think it looks awesome , it 's like a small castle-ish with the towers . 
  there are still people who play those characters competitively and do well with them though . 
  so even for those you ca n't say they are useless and never seen . 
  makes sense at least because there is a lot of porn on reddit . 
  because money ? 
  should 've replaced morsel with nodule . 
  play only against green bar , ` a ' pc and with a flag from a nearby country . 
  this way i get mostly fine matches , still more lost connection popups and slideshows than before though . 
  that sounds awful and i wonder why capcom would n't care about stuff like that . 
  playing a game like this on a fluctuating fps is a nightmare . 
  on pc it 's not an issue at least . 
  british newspapers , america speaks english and somehow children  adults . 
  it does n't make any logical sense but that 's probably their reasoning . 
  you threw away 1000s of $ without seeing if it was n't a scam beforehand ? 
  no clue whether it is legit or not but you better be filthy rich . 
  that 's why i hope he 's filthy rich , because then he can afford to lose the money  . 
  pdt, 
  good thing they have 4 days until the 3rd wing is supposed to release , including a weekend . 
  knowing how fast blizzard is with patches and fixes i 'm sure this will be a sufficient amount of time kappa, 
  just a semi-related tip here for you ( which i found quite useful to know ) : if you give any text a white outline you can read it perfectly fine on any color background , unlike here where some letters are harder to read . 
  gifs on imgur seem to load at least as fast if not faster ( inside res ) . 
  most other commonly used gif hosters ( puush or i.minus ) take forever however . 
  this loads so fast ? 
  how about we make this the new standard for short video clips instead of webm or gif . 
  it means you eat too much of it , not that it is good . 
  normal people can also eat good food . 
  there 's already alternatives : hitbox , azubu , ustream and i 'm sure i 'm missing some . 
  well , now you ca n't hear anything !, 
  are you sure ? 
  because a lot of in game soundtracks set off the alarms as well . 
  the hand is excluded from that . 
  if there 's no more minions left in your opponents deck and you play mindgames nothing happens . 
  op is just being obnoxiously edgy , just ignore him . 
  at least it has a stable 60 fps and minimal input lag ? 
  it has a bit more input lag i think because on consoles the game is forced to use vsync whereas you can turn that off on the pc version . 
  and apparently the consoles can drop frames on some stages ( this is what people keep saying , no first hand experience with consoles ) , which is why people like playing on training stage a lot and dislike some other stages like vulcanic rim i think . 
  and now you keep blocking instead of doing nothing for a few secs . 
  there are four cases :, 
  both are right . 
  one is right .
