  yes , but i did n't really like it compared to quake . 
  also the stuff like walljumping and stuff that they have feel really gimmicky and not that fun to me . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksywwir1bne ), 
  ( youtube ), 
  yea i was wondering myself as well how the car can possibly be swung backwards like that . 
  but all the sources seem to explicitly state that this is the first unassisted jump . 
  so there may be some mechanism inside the car that maybe makes the car flip . 
  you there ? 
  i can see you are online ... 
  reddit has a save function too , in the case you were n't aware . 
  wow you guys completely demolished his post ... 
  keep in mind this is still beta though so imbalances in the progression will be addressed . 
  especially once act iv gets in . 
  i realise that that is just a general rule/law but for video games it does n't make sense since only a really small portion of them is actually made in aus . 
  from a business standpoint you ca n't really blame the publishers though . 
  i mean apparently they sell enough copies with ridiculous prices to justify these prices . 
  yea and the distributers want the price to be as high as the retail version so they did n't make a retail version for no reason . 
  sorry i ca n't send them to emails i need to gift/trade them to a steam account . 
  do n't think you get xp if you are out of range . 
  ( farming with naga illusions ), 
  you must be a pretty shitty farmer then ... 
  i realised that right after posting and deleted my comment ... kind of odd that it still shows up . 
  guess i might as well leave it . 
  well it still shows up as posted for me as well so something probably went wrong . 
  or is it supposed to work that wya ? 
  first time i ever see anyone use ` awks ' ... 
  deliver !, 
  great so we can finally stop asking it right guys ? 
  silly you buffalos do n't even have wings !, 
  i have said it many times before and will do so again : shadow demon = cutest demon . 
  i doubt the magnetic field is strong enough to erase the data stored on them . 
  but how will lina carry without her fiery soul ? 
  i always random in ap but i random instantly so others at least can pick around it if they want to . 
  why ? 
  i imagine a bot could just check this page :, 
  extract the relevant data and then set the sidebar to what it was but change the events part . 
  i 'm pretty sure moderators can read the sidebar source and set the sidebar source so a moderator could run the bot and let it update the sidebar every x hours . 
  ah yea my bad a live countdown would not be feasible . 
  edit : on the other hand , just noticed dota 2 does have a seemingly ` live ' countdown . 
  probably some bot updating the sidebar every minute or so . 
  afrikaans is a language spoken in south africa derived from dutch . 
  newsflash : you die earlier from dehydration than starvation . 
  also not everywhere in the world it rains regularly . 
  still would n't call that going all-out-look-how-insane-we-are but rather some standard pc options probably still subpar since its just another console port . 
  what i want from a console port pc game are pc friendly options and interface . 
  i 'm not complaining they are n't doing a good job of that with bioshock infinity , au contraire . 
  however to say that they are going all out with implementing fov and standard options for new pc titles seems a bit far fetched to me . 
  if you look at the actual posted gif you see that the food ca n't fit through the small opening that is left . 
  so if you put on the right amount of pressure i 'd imagine you can easily cut them ( unless your knife sucks ass ) without crushing them . 
  and if your knife is sharp enough it should easily cut through most vegetables and whatnot . 
  maybe the guy demonstrating the lifehack in the gif sucked at it ? 
  who knows ? 
  / r/mildlywatertight, 
  but think about the plot man !, 
  how is it clever ? 
  you basically give an answer that makes no sense in the context . 
  leans more towards stupid if you ask me . 
  pick kunkka !, 
  later you should easily oneshot all his illus which will help a lot . 
  google 3d modeling tutorial . 
  except in australia , where they will be $ 15 to $ 120 . 
  so cute 11/10 would view again . 
  well right now there are n't 1440 frames either , one for every minute in a day , so i do n't see how that is any problem . 
  if you want to make your computer even faster try deleting the system32 folder so it wo n't be 32bit anymore but 64bit !, 
  sorry for the stupid question , but how does one add modifiers to an item ? 
  oh yea now that you mention that i recall finding one of these once . 
  thanks . 
  i like going phase boots for the movement speed and extra auto attack damage . 
  then i usually pick up an urn since its so cheap and you should be getting tons of charges for healing / more damage . 
  how so it seems like fairly common knowledge that luna means moon . 
  sure it is technically in average but everybody should be able to realise what it means from the context . 
  nobody is going to be like herp derp saturn has our moons orbiting it ? 
  same-ish for dutch and german . 
  a lot of stuff is very similar and most of the time with basic german knowledge simple reading or communication is very easy . 
  bonus points because the letters used in op look really cool . 
  i have , afrikaans-dutch is really easy as well . 
  no problems talking to anyone from south africa . 
  ( except for the odd word here and there , but its basically like that for german as well . ), 
  unless your laptop is specifically made with the option to change the gpu you ca n't do it . 
  make using these letters a standard reddit . 
  sure , but the standard is basically to have the gpu soldored in there . 
  i tried searching and apparently dell used to / does make laptops with changeable gpus but aside from that just some other exceptions . 
  i wonder how they come to decide who gets what bonus when there is nobody above everyone to check their work and assign these bonusses . 
  rather it has to be some kind of bounty system for doing certain tasks or something . 
  ah that makes sense of course . 
  the article talked about peer reviews but not explicitly about that it affected bonuses as well i think . 
  ca n't you at least mention crossposting it from / r/gifs ? 
  [ original post link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/19a8jm/so_i_heard_you_like_perfectly_looped_gifs/ ), 
  you 're not gaining any rl karma from posts like this . 
  if anything people will think you are retarded in rl . 
  well this ` giuseppe ' came back to the family after not having seen them for 5 years . 
  so he did n't have to look exactly the same . 
  and why not ? 
  what makes the default subreddits different than non default ones ? 
  i know i unsubscribed from the most default ones initially because they did n't appeal to me . 
  is n't that like the price u pay for an x-ray in the usa ? 
  well they are different subreddits for sure . 
  i do n't see what else makes them different besides the number of subscribers . 
  and as far as i know crossposting referred to the act of posting a post that was posted in a subreddit to another subreddit . 
  not to mention the easier buildup of drums .
