  yes because of the range buff suddenly creep spread and overlord positioning got really easy right ? 
  how do you expect they write a script for a live game ? 
  ah if you mean it that way then yeah it makes sense . 
  i also think casters should have some beforehand researched data available to them while they cast, 
  its not necessarily single users using lan but tournaments being played in a lan environment without lag or networking issues . 
  i like pepsi more : - c, 
  fapfap, 
  denmark has a relatively low population though and the numbers are relative to the population . 
  found the name quite redundant too since there is no mid lane in proving grounds . . 
  the pros who would get invited to such a tournament, 
  congrats indeed !, 
  yes , using transmutation stones you can just paste another item 's stats over the seraph armour skin . 
  however you ca n't suddenly make it medium or light armour using transmutation stones . 
  what i would like to see is them keeping the red and blue colors but allow players to dye their armor as you usually can do . 
  players would be allowed to set a red and a blue team color scheme using colors from a colpr palette corresponding to the team color . 
  this will allow for some customizatipn while still keeping the teams recognizable . 
  eg the blue palette could have different blues and thesame for the red . 
  they could then even go as far as to have some colors be unlocks , say a gold detail on the chest armor . 
  these could be unlocked trougj achievements or glory and such . 
  i think this might solve the whole everybody looks thesame or it looks ugly issue a lot of people are having with the way it works now . 
  edit : after reading some more i understand that this will be possible at some point ? 
  interesting, 
  well sure it was n't a prototype but arenanet mentioned that it did not turn out the way they wanted it to be and that they could not make it the way they wanted it to be in guild wars 1 . 
  a similar system , but with better execution , could be a really fun addition sometime after launch . 
  you will actually be able to grind gear probably , but only for the rare high end skins , not for better stats like in most mmos . 
  esdf is where its at man . 
  switched to esdf a long while ago when i was into quake since it opens up qaz to bind . 
  if not something like this it would be wise to contact support ( http://support.guildwars2.com/app/ask/ ) . 
  they should be able to help you with it . 
  this . 
  i usually do n't give a shit about the trolls and raging kids , having a chill attitude makes playing lol ( and online games in general ) much more fun, 
  probably a bug , if they wanted acc wide unlocks they would just make dyes unlock acc wide instead of using some obscure mechanism . 
  besides you can only do this with the armorclass of the guy having the dyes . 
  you guys would probably be better off posting this feedback on the official forums . 
  there it gets read a 100 % and other players may also come in and share their concerns . 
  it 's a beta after all , held to collect such feedback . 
  keep in mind the beta client has no high textures yet !, 
  anet wanted to keep the download relatively small so you will always be playing with lower resolution textures right now . 
  still there for me all on low but effects . 
  my eyes , changing the textures does nothing , they keep looking like low resolution textures . 
  also i 'm pretty sure it was stated officially somewhere but i cba to look for it . 
  you can take my word for it or not but it stays true nonetheless ... 
  if they would have added high res textures the download would be ramped up to 25gigs minimum which is why they did n't do it , because for a lot of people that takes forever to download . 
  correct . 
  if you get multiple of thesame skin you can salvage them with a pvp salvage kit and use those kind of mats with tokens to create other pvp skins . 
  movement with esdf, 
  dodge on a, 
  1 on z, 
  heal on r, 
  weapon swap on q, 
  interact g, 
  2-5 on mouse i use 3 extra buttons and mouse3, 
  utilities and elite on mouse + shift, 
  f1-f4 on mouse + alt . 
  what i like about this is the fact that i can easily keep moving while casting stuff since only healing requires me to take a finger off of esdf for a split second . 
  this would be a nice bonus . 
  i think it should come out at least at some point during the game 's lifespan . 
  arenanet are smart enough to realise that having such an app would be a big bonus to their game in the eyes of most users so they will eventually dedicate some time to it . 
  not sure if you fully get the idea but you can play on any server you want , you just are locked out of any wvw besides on your home server . 
  according to wikipedia they have 270 employees . 
  i think you could call that a large company . 
  example of a soft taunt for the guardian ? 
  is n't 100 % oxygen consuming fire transparant and blurry ? 
  burning does by far the most damage though , even more so if you build up some big condition damage . 
  with the guardian specced for burning you will be able to keep oppone, 
  yea the npcs actually pointing you towards stuff going on in the world is awesome !, 
  i encountered this multiple times during bwe3 and after a while you start to pay attention to these npcs and you realise how awesome it is . 
  xpecial plays a really good ahri yes . 
  i heard somewhere that its his favorite champ too, 
  why there is already a locked gate in lions arch that goes in there with tengu blocking the way . 
  no need for asuran gate travel if you can just walk in there . 
  the mesmer staff deals less direct damage than most other weapons but applies a lot of random conditions and boons . 
  i actually tried this after it kept saying busy and holy shit was i surprised when it worked lol . 
  turns out this is some kind of backdoor implemented by riot to always be able to login despite the servers being busy . 
  just a random slight off-topic question about the tourney , why do tsm in the finals vs mtw get the blue side 3 times in a row ? 
  i could imagine them maybe getting is twice because they come from winners but they already get a free game vs mtw . 
  someone can enlighten me on this ? 
  really curious because it seems really unfair to me ... 
  you get glory , amongst other things , depending on the score you obtain . 
  because your post is adding nothing to the discussion and neither is mine . 
  let the downvoting commence !, 
  all people i know that have this issue are using a wireless connection . 
  it may have something to do with the signal being weak or gone for like a really short time ( like .1 sec ) and lol not responding to that correctly anymore since a few patches . 
  maybe a bug in their netcode or something . 
  no clue what it is though just guessing here . 
  try using an ethernet cable if you can and see if that fixes it . 
  sounds really annoying though actually had it myself just once even though i 'm using a cable ... 
  apm and spamming hotkeys really wo n't help you be a better gw2 player tbh . 
  also as a sidenote if you get your high apm in scii from spamming the hotkeys then it is also pretty useless and the actions could be better spend on useful things . 
  just saying . . 
  nor does guild wars 2 ... 
  i hope something bad happens so we do n't have to deal with retards like this in guild wars 2 as well ... 
  more likely is that the hom was n't in those because they do n't want people spoiled with all the hom goodies before the actualy release . 
  but that 's lame !, 
  nope , arenanet said they would open the servers 3 hours in advance of the official release so as to not have to servers shit itself when a million people try to log in at the same time . 
  however the servers are still shitting itself , but probably to a lesser extent as if when they did n't open them 3 hours early . 
  it is quoted and i think the poster may have pulled this text from elsewhere ? 
  i 've had gw2.exe lock up completely twice now . 
  the cursor is still the gw2 one and can be moved but the only way to exit to desktop is to open the task manager and terminate the process through ctrl alt del. 
  using ctrl shift escape refuses to open the task manager ...
