  i 'm just saying you could spend your time better than posting a multitude of articles per day on several subreddits just hoping to get a single one to gain traction to get some useless internet points . 
  did n't think i 'd still get a response to this !, 
  thanks !, 
  dad is ded, 
  he has too much money to spend any amount of time there . 
  go cry some more about your $ 1,00 wasted on this . 
  that 's because it is . 
  apparently that 's some guy which does stuff like that all the time for entertainment during half-time or whatever it 's called . 
  there are a lot of gifs with that guy dancing circulating the interwebsnets, 
  who ? 
  that 's why they both have the exact same picture as proof . 
  because they are two different people . 
  this makes so little sense not sure if you are even serious . 
  that sweet sweet karma is a 100 % pure profit . 
  [ le ] l re [ le ] vent le userneme, 
  except that if you go fast enough it does n't take as long for the people actually travelling because of relativity and stuff . 
  the sidebar works , you click the little i in a circle icon on the topright ( i ) to open it . 
  afaik res is just a browser plugin so it wo n't work with any reddit apps . 
  really not ? 
  reddit is fun , go to a subreddit and click the ` i ' information button next to the refresh button in the topright . 
  you can eat pie on the sipsco money, 
  wow these unsportsmanlike kids actually won ? 
  that 's pathetic . 
  i do n't see why i or anyone should respect them after they 've clearly shown they 're just a bunch of immature shits . 
  see, 
  if you 've forgotten or missed the memo . 
  yes , elephant ivory has magical healing powers . 
  you can harvest your crops using e or middle mouse click them when they are fully grown . 
  and animals do drop meat . 
  the iron hunting bow is much better for killing them than the basic one though . 
  i did n't bother with killing them before i got the iron one because it does so little damage :(, 
  it does . 
  but so far ( which is not for for me personally ) , my iron bow does a better job of killing stuff than the sword you start with . 
  it 's way better than the basic hunting bow for sure . 
  using the middlemouse you have to have your mouse over whatever you want to use for it to work . 
  if you use e you just have to stand in front of it . 
  i 'm not sure what happens when there 's multiple usable items stacked up and you hit e. . . 
  i read it does only work near the surface . 
  destroying the background underground also gives free lighting during the day . 
  i 'd say it is easier and faster to just gather some plant fiber and craft them first into fabric and then into bandages . 
  regenerates way faster than the default bed ( not sure about iron and above ) and plant fibers are super easy to get . 
  what magnificent shine, 
  try control . 
  about thiiiiiis deadly . 
  can also confirm it 's a pretty legit site . 
  cheap too last i checked . 
  not sure why though . 
  one guy complained he was n't at all related to sega , but there 's more characters which arent relevant to sega at all . 
  i read those posts on the steam discussion forums for the game ( cba to link it on my slow and shitty phone sry ) . 
  but i personally did n't find their arguments very convincing . 
  dae for le ` smokedegrassi ' science, 
  the only legit site for just buying a key without the disc would be the microsoft site and online store . 
  but it appears the have completely ditched windows 7 and are only selling windows 8 on their store . 
  the only other reliable way ( no stolen keys or shady websites ) i could discover to purchase windows 7 would be to purchase an oem version ( like this one for example http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16832116986 ) , but that means that you will get a physical disc shipped . 
  seems like it is impossible to get a legit windows 7 key only . 
  unless you are willing to risk money buying them from unofficial shady vendors . 
  pretty sure it just means op made it loop perfectly himself , rather than posting a found perfectly looping gif on the interwebs . 
  pretty sure amazon is a third party merchant . 
  then another one of ops friends posts this story on reddit with proofs for insane amounts of karma . 
  the same friend who probably told the op to post this just so he could reap the karma in the future . 
  can you mail me your passport ? 
  to harvest all the american butthurt tears in the comments . 
  you can easily spot the looping point looking at bender 's eyes or at the bottomleft of the screen . 
  what ? 
  what ? 
  do n't know for sure but judging by the item loadout slot it seems the item is a blank sign on which you can put your own picture, 
  i thought he was a terrorist in the usa ? 
  sylvana !, 
  is n't that the whole point ? 
  to artificially reduce the durability so people have to buy more of them . 
  that does n't make too much sense in my eyes . 
  people will just keep buying new cables to use with the connector until the connector breaks anyway or people are done with the phone . 
  stop spamming reddit . 
  buddy pls, 
  so college girls can pay their debts ? 
  tell him there 's been massive oil reserves found in western europe . 
  it 's the original video game . 
  i heard it has amazing graphics . 
  they still have multiple choices like the guy said . 
  but if you ask for a beer they just give you the default one . 
  you mean you take american football a lot more serious than we do in europe . 
  yes, 
  check out / r/wtf if you want funnies . 
  you can but they cost more than normal cards . 
  yeah , in case you still did n't figure it out : you have to check the box that says something along the lines of ` show only gold cards ' while in the crafting menu . 
  if you feel you do n't like pirating photoshop or buying it , you can always try gimp which is basically the free version of photoshop and imo works well enough . 
  what do you guys mean ? 
  i 'm 14 and this is wtf xd, 
  out of the earth ? 
  i 'm pretty sure turps has been doing some editing for sips for a long time . 
  so will playchess, 
  maybe it has to do with connection issues somehow ? 
  i 've only had it not work once since the balance patch and i 've been playing loads . 
  of course the game is ultimately at fault . 
  i am just suggesting the cause might be connection or pc related as it obviously is n't an easy fix and the guys above me claim it happens a lot whereas for me it barely happens at all . 
  not really . 
  your highest rated comment is 3 words about how you love a small boy , followed by 22 words about how great you think all the karma is . 
  to be fair , that does n't mean a lot of people are n't fat . 
  would downvote twice if i could . 
  nor does anybody care that this is your highest rated comment .
