it does yes . 
  the heal minion skill has been there since the first demo . 
  blood fiend iirc, 
  afaik it generally stands for crowd control though and in this context as well probably, 
  just wanted to say thanks for the ama ( and the irc q&a ) . 
  really appreciate the work you all do for the community , i have been awaiting this game for at least 2.5 years now and i ca n't believe we are getting close to a release  ) ) ), 
  the mesmer has an elite to turn a foe into a moa for x seconds :p also giving them moa skills : peck , kick and screech xd, 
  since when are thumbs not fingers ? 
  lol -_-, 
  do n't know about that :p but officially thumbs are also fingers ^ ^, 
  possibly some well known gw1 players have received one , seeing as these top gw1 pvpers also got to discuss balance on private forums with arenanet for gw1 , but they will be under strict nda and not even allowed to tell anyone theyre in it . 
  best . 
  wallpaper . 
  ever . 
  why ? 
  it 's a beta , people should exploit and break the game in any way they can so arenanet can fix all these things before launch, 
  guess that 's the best way to go though . 
  seeing as the obvious alternative is having arenanet using your ip address to determine your timezone . 
  however this is less reliable since most people have their system clock set at the correct time :p, 
  had the same issue . 
  none of the buttons normally used for leaving were functioning . 
  i logged out , waited 5 minutes and logged back in and suddenly the leave the mists button was actually working, 
  yea i agree on no trading but the fact that mail is so slow is probably caused by the server overload as it worked instantly in earlier betas, 
  good use of tldr you got there . 
  wait what did i just read ? 
  anet lack of community communication ? 
  guess you havent known anet for top long, 
  because it says gw2 : in front of his name i 'd guess . 
  you normally ca n't put a : in your name, 
  bumped into that on 2 characters but we were with only like 2-3 players which was n't enough, 
  i did this one semi escort event in kessex where you had to kill some ettins and clear rocks that were blocking the road . 
  when the npc turned into a merchant at his destination he only sold rocks lol as in the throwable environmental weapon , was kimd of funny but you 're a pretty horrible merchant then xd, 
  the downscaling has to be there though or else higher level players can completely ruin the experience of lower level characters because they can stomp all the events then . 
  the opposing teams ca n't actually see your team 's chat, 
  in guildwars everyone used trade and not local . . 
  nope 11 am pdt so arount 21 gmt +1 off the top of my head, 
  actually flawless squares are the highest gems that can drop, 
  pretty much . 
  you hit between 5 and 15 dmg per hit which averages to 10 dmg per hit . 
  why ? 
  the dmg on you weapen determines your spell dmg . 
  check the advanced tooltips box in the gameplay options and you will see spells do a % of you weapon dmg . 
  it does not matter which weapon you hold, 
  afaik you can only access the ah from the screen you get after you login . 
  so only out of game not when you are actually playing, 
  so why would they only take the eu servers down , you would say a bug like that would be on all the servers . 
  also the site lists the ah servers still up . 
  experienced this too except my chat was delayed for at least 30 secs while the game itself had like 250 ping, 
  i use the 80 % slow caltrops and works fine for me, 
  blizz would probably be able to remove duped items from the game since each item has a unique id which wo n't be unique anymore when it is cloned, 
  agree , enjoying d3 way more than i thought i would played like 60 hours already, 
  im getting 300 ish ping often as well and its surprisingly playable for me with pings up to 700 ( bad connection where i live atm ) so long as the screen doesnt freeze and you dont rubberband its fine, 
  forgot to think about that completely !, 
  upvote for using the name 55 wizard, 
  they wouldnt need to use session id there , just your account id, 
  so it does increase secret tomes drop rate ? 
  since these are blue while its lower difficulty counterparts are white, 
  all skipable for me ... 
  so does she also spawn in level 1 ? 
  ive been only looking in level 2 and have had no success after like 40 runs : s, 
  hes probably one of the easiest to get to because he is so near to a waypoint and checkpoint ( for resuming after running the first time, 
  i played for a 100 hours and finally found a level 8 legendary -_- while getting the items for the staff of herding on normal -_-, 
  thx then i mustnt have been looking well enough, 
  just to add a bit to this , nether tentacles are better than hungering or impale because they also steal life, 
  kite kite kite , thats what ranged classes atm are all about , avoiding dmg instead of eating it, 
  i will actually try using the ms rune since all i use ss for post nerf is dodging abilities and the ms will allow me to kite better . 
  also i strongly recommend using caltrops with 80 % slow rune . 
  a tool that cant be missed for kiting, 
  its 1 mil, 
  yes it is and iirc those jerseys were from their office tabletennis team, 
  yea have n't had this problem at all besides maybe just after launch, 
  i keep reading scrotum all day long, 
  afaik only mf and gf, 
  that 's silly of them . 
  of course an individual with adequate programming experience can easily do that in 2-3 weeks ... 
  i 'm not an expert at programming but it sounds very doable because all of the quests and where to go is fixed every time you go through the campaign so you just would have to write some simple ai to do the automatic fighting . 
  doing gear and equips automatically might be hard to do but i guess once you can parse the gear data you can just compare and keep equipping the best you find . 
  he said it was a problem with the blizzard store though , so not an issue on the bank 's end . 
  probably but i would guess the farmers would move their gold away from the botting account to some other accounts and it might take time to track . 
  well you could look at it in the way that in both scenarios you are paying for the experience you get out of it not for some kind of tangible thing . 
  well , guess i 'll be moving over to hardcore once the rmah comes up and the ah is ruined . 
  i 've been intrigued by hc but so far enjoying myself playing mostly sc with a little hardcore play on the side . 
  but if the economy gets fucked like this because of the rmah then hardcore is the only real way to enjoy the game . 
  ( seems more enjoyable in general but that aside , i think i would 've wound up playing hc in the long run anyway ) . 
  yep and just take high gold pickup radius along with the gf so you pick up all the gold thats on the screen instantly . 
  all you would have to do now is run a fixed way while doing some form of aoe attack and the gold will stack up . 
  hc wont have rmah for now . 
  as an answer in the ama thread they said they might add that at some point as well though . 
  also there are way less people playing hc than there are playing sc thus for the farmers it will probably be more benificial to sell gold the legal way on the sc rmha . 
  i also think hc players will hesitate to buy gold for real money since they risk losing it by dying and losing the items they spend it on . 
  so they will practically end up throwing money at nothing . 
  great tip !, 
  didnt know it was for mats too, 
  its just beta , i dont think as much people care about crafting mats and the trading post as after release . 
  i know i do n't bother since its just beta, 
  will that also save all references to other objects though ? 
  or just the html, 
  also very helpful for the dcs . 
  still a beastly downlink speed . 
  iirc sweden has really great internet infrastructure and a lot of households have access to 100mbit fiberglass connections,
