  i am already happy that someone with a sane mind actually explained to me why he had to do it as soon as possible rather than do it somewhere more appropriate ( now i know that in some places this would probably not be frowned upon but for example here you would probably get thrown in jail if you start skinning animals on the side of the road ) . 
  also what makes you think i 'm only making so called ` ignorant ' comments and observations everywhere ? 
  please just stop being such a fucking douchebag , i know it 's the internet but come on , not everybody knows everything and be happy that i was actually grateful that some people who are n't complete idiots like you actually explained to me how and why . 
  thank you . 
  also rumble is a bit too much like hons chipper to not be at least deducted from . 
  my friends and i when we played hon when he came out were like wtf they released chipper, 
  i thought the normal at dotabuff referred to the fact that you play normal matchmaking games and not your skill bracket . 
  this is why i mentioned followup . 
  if you as a tidehunter blink in and catch 3-5 people with the ravage but everyone on your team has to walk for 1-3 seconds to actually get into effective range ( where they can attack or cast spells ) then the stun is already gone and the enemy team will have had time to recover ( mek up , reposition a bit and maybe cast some spells too ) . 
  but if you have like a qop with blink sonic wave or other quick followup then it should be great for initiation because you can actually do a lot of damage to your opponent before they are able to do anything back . 
  also a whole dedicated community wiped off the surface of the internet in the blink of an eye . 
  this thread summarizes my late night eu server pubs quite well ... 
  someone is mad he couldnt get a golden rosh . 
  yea it seems a bit off lol , i think they mean to put that red blob there at seoel ( which is agaisnt the north korean border ) because i do n't see people in north korea having computers ( or food even ) to play dota 2 xd, 
  own3d undoubtedly has a worse player with more `` player lag '' and watching vods on own3d is impossible ( you can only watch from the beginning and if you skip a bit of the vod you start back at the start ) ... 
  i heard they were working on releasing a new player though a while back , they better do it quick . 
  except that he sits a whole screen outside of the teamfight behind his own team with his massive range . 
  only if heroes were allowed to blink or otherwise close the gap to sniper they would be able to take advantage of this . 
  which is what your team should be preventing . 
  seems like north korea is n't allowed on the internet anymore :( the big blob that was there is n't anywhere to be seen :(, 
  actually i figured it out . 
  but i was saying north korea because the big blob that was there looked like it was in north korea while it was probably south korea ( seoel is close to the border ) . 
  but i remembered you are not allowed to play online games from like 12am to somewhere in the morning in south korea so thats 's why its all gone , 
  yep , i 'm sure google can tell you more about it . 
  i think the reasoning behind it is so people do n't get addicted to online gaming and waste their lives because of it , because this was apparently happening there too much . 
  ( it is a relatively new law iirc ) . 
  pretty interesting stuff , especially seeing as korea is still the ` capital ' of esports . 
  i am the - shazbot !, 
  this seems to be as lot easier as you can probably set quick keys for these as well as use the mouse in some way to quickly select one ( since it is a wheel ) . 
  i imagine myself pressing mouse4 -  move a direction and leftclick to select the one i moved to . 
  seems faster than pressing x y ( whatever binds you set for it ) and having to have n different y buttons to press . 
  if they would enable voices for it they probably would also make it so you would only hear the line max once every x seconds . 
  similar to how heroes do n't always talk when you rightclick but only once every y seconds . 
  except that cyborgmatt aka icefrog aka dendi aka pgg has already revealed it :(, 
  yea from what information i could gather this seems to be correct . 
  although the law only passed somewhere this year it seems . 
  before that there may have been a law restricting gametime for < 16 year olds ( not sure on this ) and there is apparently also a law which limits mmo gametime to max 8 hours per day . 
  idd pls source or stop accusing people based on nothing . . 
  tetris is a great game :( such a good time waster playing online tetris at the university when working on some project . 
  that 's better than what i tend to get , my russians usually do n't stray from cyrillic so i have no clue wtf they are saying except some common shit like cyka and whatnot . 
  also i always ask these russians why they play on eu and not on rus and nobody has an answer and they just start raging superhard in crappy rusenglish . 
  do n't expect most people who play slarks in the pubs most of us play in have this ability though , unless its a really obvious animation . 
  is n't it ` neia teia an da ka ' according to the wiki ? 
  checking any profile may or may not crash the game ( usually does ) and has me ctrl + alt + deling my way out of it . 
  edit : on another note , dotabuff.com also seems to have stopped recording my matches since about 6 ~ 7 hours ago ( when the patch hit ) . 
  you should cosplay wisp , now that would be amazing . 
  is n't it in most online ish games against the rules to act as if you are an admin ? 
  if this is the case for dota 2 , do n't be shocked to find your account banned in a while . . 
  do n't play with the russian/brazilian language client but rather the english one ? 
  do n't they all have different features ( tail horns etc ) too ? 
  god that would feel glorious . 
  what if you control doubletap poof , with doubletap to selfcast on . 
  would that make every meepo poof to itself ? 
  i too , like everyone else here ite seems , think it is n't racist . 
  not every picture which depicts black people is racist , seems like op is actually the one who is racist . 
  correct , people should n't go shout racist and go completely batshit at calling everything remotely race/religion/country related racist ... 
  so what if it is called jew mushrooms ? 
  i do n't think anybody cares ... 
  if it was called caucasian or christian mushrooms nobody would have cared either so just move along . . 
  the real wtf thing to me is people actually caring about liking that photo so other people think they are n't racist ... 
  the majority of today 's population of the earth is so amazingly retarded ... 
  also if you would be smart about it you can have an infinite number of trees . 
  however as long as these plastics are still mostly made from non renewable sources you basically use a to-be rare non renewable source to make plastic utensils while you could use renewable sources . 
  just another reason why it is so much more ` harmful ' . 
  actually black pete is the name referring to his black helpers . 
  edit : also standard yadda yadda yadda its this thread again response : nobody in the netherlands gives a shit about what all the ` racist americans ' ( over generalization for dramatic effect ) think about this dutch tradition so keep on bashing it you racists ... 
  there is nothing racist about this tradition at all and the people who are calling it racist might be the real racists here , seeing racism in everything ... 
  just because something involves people who are ` black ' because they came through the chimney and a white guy whom they are helping does n't mean it is racist and it does n't mean that everybody who does n't think its racist is a racist . 
  might as well say every picture with a white man with a few black men is racist then . 
  if i get my point across this way . 
  more information about this tradition right here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinterklaas, 
  does n't change the fact judaism is n't a race . 
  race/r \u0101s /, 
  1 . a competition between runners , horses , vehicles , boats , etc. , to see which is the fastest in covering a set course . 
  each of the major divisions of humankind , having distinct physical characteristics . 
  if jews think they are a race that does n't make them a race . 
  true words . 
  my response may have sounded a bit harsh but it gets the point across i think . 
  the people here are very tolerant of most things , which is imo one of the reasons it is a great country . 
  i know that the whole black people white people thing is a lot more sensitive in countries like america which is why i generalized like that . 
  here it is just a tradition which many of us grew up with and sinterklaas is still a thing which a lot of kids look forward to each year similar to christmas . 
  if people think it is racist they are probably just very sensitive to this sort of thing or do n't know the facts . 
  passing on traditions again does n't define a race , those traditions are part of a culture/lifestyle , which i agree judaism is also not only a religion but also a way of life but this still has nothing to do with jews being a race . 
  and how are jews genetically distinct from other races ? 
  nothing because a jew can look like anything since anybody can become a jew if he or she so desires . 
  inb4 people calling this racist , like they call racist on everything which even remotely depicts a black man . 
  does n't do that for me . 
  how about tinker ? 
  lvl 4 laser is also an instakill from range . 
  so why does n't this cop get put in prison for abuse of power and child abuse ? 
  at least i hope he gets locked up and wo n't be allowed to be a cop anymore ... if he could get away with this that would be pretty fucked up . 
  well is n't this cop straight up violating the law ? 
  abusing his powers and physically assaulting an innocent kid . 
  should n't he just get locked away in prison just like any other civilian who randomly tazes children would ? 
  just on a sidenote i always found it funny how they used the term cs in lol even though the ` creeps ' in lol are called minions and not creeps . 
  crazy , too bad that wisp bug screwed them over . 
  wisp got sent to the opponent base after buying back . 
  if wisp would have bought back at base with ulti up again he could have tpd sven to the dire throne rather than having to have sven walk there all the way and they might have had enough time to kill the throne . 
  hell of a game !, 
  had warlock + axe lane against me earlier .
