  it will be just like simcity . 
  better watch that sarcastic tone or samy wil fuck u up . 
  so what do you consider typography ? 
  does n't help that windows by default hides extensions . 
  so what 's the process of obtaining a driver 's license over there like ? 
  you do n't have to know any traffic rules beforehand ? 
  if you know a couple seconds in advance that you are going to be in an accident you have the time to inform everyone but not prevent the accident ? 
  you need to have w7 with aero enabled . 
  not sure about w8 . 
  it functions thesame as alt tab but has fancier graphics . 
  also alt shift tab goes 1 to the left instead of right . 
  my bad i did assume that yes . 
  hope nothing bad came of them but accidents happen i suppose . 
  i see . 
  it makes sense but it 's apparently still useful to know if i believe this thread and people have that much issues with roundabouts . 
  all you need to know is traffic on roundabout  traffic not on roundabout . 
  i realise . 
  my first response was n't well thought trough . 
  the sequel will be called ` metal gear rising revengeance reloaded ' . 
  su ' p er, 
  i thought it was doctor octagonapus, 
  i know here ( netherlands ) they give you a tag with the number of products you went in . 
  you return it when you come out so they can tell whem something went missing . 
  fuck this guy , right ? 
  it 's a reference to another nosleep story . 
  but off the top of my head i do n't know which . 
  i 've never seen any of those anerican style water fountains in europe . 
  i obviously have n't been everywhere but theyre very uncommon at best . 
  be more biased . 
  no but calling every european extremely racist either is very ignorant or this guy is a pussy and cries himself to sleep whem someone says a ` bad ' word . 
  you guys are so sensitive . 
  north korea does n't have as much oil . 
  the majority of consumers who will be buying the next gen consoles wo n't do as much research prior to purchase as people on gaming related internet forums . 
  some just omit the really low speeds that nobody cares about it seems . 
  i remember seeing this a couple of times on kph cars at least . 
  kill yourself . 
  pirates man ... or something, 
  ( le ) dae le good scholar & le sir, 
  sorry , as you can see i 'm new here . 
  i obviously only checked the price rather than sales prices and whatnot . 
  next time i 'll consult that steam sales site beforehand . 
  if anyone wants to trade regardless just contact me of course . 
  el gato apparently is also ceo of bts . 
  more gaming related details for sure . 
  oil man . . soooo good, 
  and europe !, 
  wait, 
  a huge pagefile probably . 
  with ms throwing around the ` cloud ' left and right and how awesome the cloud is they really ca n't not have dedicated servers . 
  that 'd be like saying they could have awesome dedicated servers but wo n't because fuck you . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.instructables.com/id/hollow-face-illusion-dragon-without-leaving-your-d/ ) shamelessly stolen from the top post in case you have n't seen it yet . 
  me three !, 
  stop launching yourself when the trampoline launches you . 
  i thought trackmania had coppers ? 
  or is it like that in canyon ? 
  ah yea i guess the xbox just read it from the disc . 
  both my 360 did come with an hdd though . 
  oh , stop it you : $, 
  consider it done . 
  except when you 're not in the usa because for some reason they ( the people owning the music probably block it ) detest money and do n't want more subscribers . 
  i think there is great potential in other modes . 
  combo comes to mind ( which is kind of like 2v2 clan arena on some quake 3 ported maps ) . 
  also i would love a quake 3 style freeze tag or clan arena - say 3v3 or 4v4 - in this game similar to how combo is implemented . 
  oh god it 's turning sentient again . . 
  yes it is, 
  life 's tough at hogwarts, 
  hmmm delicious dried karma, 
  i see about as much people playing combo as elite usually . 
  they did n't even try to tazer/pepperspray/shoot you ? 
  of course this guy has been at all these offices so he knows right ? 
  hang him -- e, 
  this has got to be one of the dumbest things in america . 
  here if you take a piss you get a fine 70ish euros or smt . 
  but if you take a piss in the land of the free you are a paedophile rapist for life . 
  what 's with all the hate ? 
  the egg looked like a constipated sumo wrestler to me : s, 
  [ an egg cell ? 
  although i guess that does n't really make sense with the first part . 
  my bad i had a different context in mind for some reason . 
  yeah what are all these buttony things for . 
  by about as much i mean there are usually some less in combo but seeing as you need 4 for combo vs 6 for elite waiting times are n't all that different . 
  if you want to pronounce the ` th ' press your tongue up to just above your upper row of front teeth/on your upper row of front teeth . 
  then slide your tongue downwards as you pronounce it . 
  certainly helped me pronounce it better . 
  yea i still have the same problem some times as a dutch person . 
  i guess our languages do n't really like the english ` th ' sound :(, 
  no , he was pretty sure it was something else . 
  the fbi sure will have fun plowing through all that porn . 
  well , are we ? 
  as an internet doctor i would advice you to go visit a real doctor . 
  explain how american indian is a color . 
  you guys are so damn paranoid about racism . 
  indeed if you know the guy violates his contract ca n't you just get him kicked out ? 
  well most of europe does n't have to fund a neverending war machine . 
  how about just custom chat channels in general . 
  what 's with the quotes , makes it seem really `` dodgy '' . 
  ... then he took an arrow to the heel . 
  maybe using the power of placebo korean mothers cure cancer daily !, 
  le gem, 
  654 http://steamcommunity.com/id/dizaster,
