  i thought a lot of prisons were dealing with overcrowding ? 
  but i guess you can fit a few more million in for the $ $ $ . 
  and i honestly see no way how, 
   its impossible to to pick characters that will be universally agreed upon . 
  clearly the only course of action is to pick characters that will be universally disliked !, 
  it 's the only fair way !, 
  implies, 
   wii fit trainer is in the game, 
  case closed . 
  true but try doing it without steroids . 
  unless you have some superhuman genes i doubt u can get arms like that without steroids . 
  i have n't but one man one vote does sound more like a dictatorship than a democracy to me . 
  those are the most rediculous accents indeed . 
  but a lot of american accents to me sound completely over the top like they are trying so hard to have the accent . 
  i think it 's more to do with nurture than nature . 
  probably when growing up people around you are n't afraid of ladybugs / caterpillars but are of more ` creepy bugs ' . 
  because if you look at it rationally most if not all bugs ( depending on where you live ) are completely harmless . 
  just give up . 
  taking that post in a vacuum it does n't imply shit . 
  you only think it implies something, 
   because they explicitly stated that the decision to include her was based on the fact that no one asked for her . 
  which as you continue to say is completely irrelevant to the post . 
   although i suppose if you did not know that nugget of information , the implication would be unclear . 
  that nugget of information is no where near this post or this thread . 
  the guy himself even says, 
   the comment was meant completely as a joke , was n't supposed to be a dig at the wii fit trainer . 
  i mean by that logic i 'd also be saying megaman was a universally despised choice lol . 
  just because you think someone implies something using some obscure reference does n't mean he actually is . 
  of which the 1,2 and 3 are really only dangerous to the government . 
  assuming that by hackers/hacktivists you mean people who extract classified information for the good of the people . 
  you 're saying i 'm getting really emotional over nothing . 
  what * implies * me getting emotional ? 
  just the fact that i took 2 minutes to quote some evidence that you are talking out of your ass does n't mean i 'm getting emotional . 
  if they are so ` dangerous ' without there being any evidence of them being ` dangerous ' then ca n't they at least release some kind of list and why those people are so ` dangerous ' ? 
  the only reason this is all done so sneakily is because these 46 people have no business being there and are basically just there because they would form a problem in some way for the american elite . 
  click the source button to see whenever something funky is going on in the future . 
  it shows the raw comment text before formatting . 
  people have to stop being so paranoid about freedom and communism . 
  how anyone thinks a good social securities system is a step backwards from what is currently in place is beyond me . 
  you guys are always being disgustingly patriotic and yet you rather let all poor americans die rather than pay just a tad more for affordable healthcare for everyone . 
  so wait you are telling me this cop could n't get away with doing whatever the fuck he wants ? 
  because that seems to be the norm nowadays . 
  i never said you are being disgustingly patriotic do n't take my comment personally i was talking in general . 
  you know with all the talk about freedums and murica and guns and what not . 
  well if people have no previous knowledge then the ( again ) misleading title wo n't help . 
  go ahead nobody is stopping you , i do n't even think the police would truly care . 
  just do n't get caught red-handed and you 're fine . 
  probably none they ca n't really watch it with their heads so deep up their ass . 
  you mean upholds when convenient . 
  this whole post is tagged nsfw . 
  so i think this is n't really necessary ... 
  some people literally have a turban for a penis . 
  lol hot coffee with ice ... 
  these people had no clue , had they ? 
  just another ` murican ' with his head up his ass . 
  nobody said anybody was bad . 
  if you kill someone unintentionally you face manslaughter charges that just happens to be the law . 
  no exception should be made for police officers killing children . 
  well what did you expect ? 
  bitches hate salt man . 
  and that 's why you do n't do drugs kids . 
  how many people you know write rip my nigga rip my nigga on their car when their granny dies ? 
  a roof top . 
  there is water on the ground which causes the reflection and there 's some graffiti . 
  action house . 
  orwell was n't far off then . 
  kudos to him . 
  a metal pole ? 
  who are you calling american ? 
  and an intergalactical holiday with bouncy dirty cop castles for the kids . 
  preferably with shotgun in hand and an over the top redneck accent . 
  you can always sue for everything . 
  having a chance of actually gaining anything on the other hand ... 
  any of the intelligence agencies because they can and do n't have to answer to anyone . 
  then put him in the guantanamo bay military base prison for a life of torture without trial and that 's that . 
  any euro truck sim 2 if they 're still there . 
  ill come on in a sec when i drag my ass out of bed . 
  and thanx !, 
  why would you not cook them on the barby ? 
  do these lights take that much power ? 
  he was only growing a few plants ( 175g in total says the article ) . 
  yeah that would probably be noticeable . 
  i 'm stupid i just skimmed the article so missed that part . 
  that makes sense . 
  i 'm no expert myself either but i kind of want to grow a few plants some time in the future . 
  i think 3 per household is allowed here ( netherlands ) . 
  i do . 
  but just for fun it would be cool to grow my own some time . 
  explanation ? 
  are the preservatives used not good for you when vaporized ? 
  then just say they are on a timer . 
  they got nothing on you !, 
  if not any of these things something will magically vanish anyway . 
  not really related but our old washer used to eat socks . 
  but the guy above me made it sound like pressure treated wood was extra bad or something . 
  sure it is in their best interest not to rat him out . 
  but maybe they have some kind of agreement to monitor stuff like this for the police ? 
  the picture is taking from above you dummy !, 
  nothing directly but developers can use this to incorporate the gw2 map in their applications . 
  no terrible fashion sense per say .
