  he 's covering his ass , because if he did n't he would probably get e-attacked by rabid fanboys saying he ruined the tournament even though he was just simply hired to be there and has nothing to do with the organisation . 
  that 's just a complete waste of power to use the airconditioning units like that is n't it ? 
  does n't seem like it would make any difference at all . 
  why not ? 
  because hypersensitive americans will come beat him up ? 
  sounds to me like it is something they could easily do themselves . 
  also has the benefit of not wasting the police 's time . 
  but i guess if the argument `` we ca n't do anything ourselves because god '' makes sense to you , then yeah it sounds great to use the police for your chores . 
  hope for him that he had a backup . 
  but to be honest , if you are relying on your computer to make you money you really should have a backup . 
  they could use that jello they use to simulate a penis . 
  `` oysters , clams , and topples ! '', 
  you americans can downvote this guy all you want but that does n't make it less true . 
  tbh i would n't mind some of them coming over to europe as you often make them sound quite nice compared to the big chain ones we have here ( mostly mcdonalds , burger king , some kfc ), 
  it 's been like that ever since i joined ( so over 3 years apparently ) . 
  even if it had some horribly blunt blade ? 
  yes , your post is very `` meaningful and thought out '' . 
  it literally has no content . 
  if this op is your definition of meaningful and thought out you had better stop trying indeed . 
  sometimes i feel like people just try too hard to squeeze this square shaped game into the circle shaped esports hole . 
  anyone else ? 
  not sure steam wallet dollars are worth 1:1 dollars seeing as you ca n't officially exchange gaben dollars for real money . 
  i think you wo n't get as much real money for them as you would gaben dollars . 
  what i 'm saying is if i have this skin worth 100 dollars on the steam marketplace then i probably wo n't find someone willing to paypal me 100 dollars for it . 
  so the value of gaben dollars is not equivalent to real dollars i would say . 
  so what if you play dota for example and your teammates are drawing dicks on the minimap ? 
  because the naked human body is weird to some people . 
  yes . 
  he said using torrents to download copyrighted content . 
  i think the whole point of the bittorrent protocol is that you can only download if you upload . 
  the faster you upload the faster the protocol will allow you to download from others . 
  i 'm not even sure it is possible to download using the bittorrent protocol without uploading . 
  the same guy does n't have the top comments . 
  maybe you should stop spazzing out over imaginary points . 
  now i understand why sips always skips tutorials , even when there is a tutorial he gets completely lost !, 
  you 're only allowed to say it if you are `` african american '' . 
  i like how everyone calls it the xbone , surely microsoft should have seen that coming ? 
  it reads to me more like x-bone than xbox one . 
  surely so does this game though . 
  so what about this game 's approximation makes it real ? 
  i guess this is an unable to login simulator beta ? 
  i like trials !, 
  it sounds more believeable than a few thousand years old novel that 's been translated more than once . 
  i forced it off in the nvidia control panel and it seemed to work just fine . 
  should n't the goal be to promote yourself instead of stopping the opposition ? 
  deal 5 damage to all minions with 1-6 attack or less . 
  ( shaman card ), 
  good . 
  i like trials ( and gang beasts ) !, 
  title level : 0, 
  this is very easy to do using flask and using an extension like flask-login to handle all the user authentication stuff . 
  ive personally used this guide to get started with flask http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world, 
  it does n't cover flask-login but it did get me started . 
  could it be that the database you are using uses the same implementation for sqlalchemy integer and biginteger column types ? 
  if so it might not detect any changes because nothing has to change on the database side . 
  it does definitely detect column changes for me though using postgresql . 
  the guy who commented on stackexchange may be thinking you use a database which ca n't update the columns . 
  maybe this can help ? 
  it says `` peanuts | nuts | nuts < something  '' on the van . 
  so i 'm sure it means nuts . 
  they probably thought the musical notes would be punny . 
  ~ ~ i have two codes . 
  send me a pm on reddit with an email or steam username to gift it to . 
  first two persons to pm will get them . ~ ~, 
  out of codes, 
  it seems like as soon as it hits the first page which has no image it will get stuck in the printing loop because `` f comicelem = = [ ] : '' always evaluates to true . 
  i do n't know any specifics about beautifulsoup or anything , but it looks like lines 40 and 41 might have to be de-indented once . 
  that way even if no valid image is found the url is still changed . 
  right now it looks like the url stays the same when it encounters an url without an image . 
  it was just a prank bro, 
  like, 
  trials, 
  i built my own pc following an instruction video posted in the sidebar . 
  maybe try using your eyes before dismissing it . 
  would n't it be more like broadcasting a movie publicly for everyone to see ? 
  streams broadcast their music too for everyone to see , not just for friends who have been invited in . 
  i 've used the flask-wtf ( what the forms ) extension for this . 
  i found it very easy to create a simple form . 
  i have had 0 repair costs all the time since the latest patch . 
  i think it started off as having no repair costs occassionally but now i never have any . 
  the point is that less detail makes it look better because the details are n't that good looking . 
  78 % upvoted and you already start complaining ? 
  if karma is that important to you you are probably in too small of a subreddit anyway . 
  and if you are just mad that people do n't like ** exactly ** what you like then maybe do n't post what you like on a public forum . 
  he can craft a vaccine bread . 
  you did n't say that ? 
  i 'll bet somewhere some kind of privacy policy or subscriber agreement you agreed to says you are fine with it . 
  it drove home the reality that you were there to take friendly fire ? 
  if they cared that little about friendly fire i would nope right out of there . 
  i think argv [ 0 ] is always the name of the script by design . 
  you could instead write something like, 
  first , second = argv [ 1 , 
  to ignore the first element in the list . 
  it is pc to say men are evil but not pc to say muslims are . 
  that is probably a reason to word it that way . 
  but were there many non muslims as well ? 
  i thought the singing is banned thing was just a rule that they made up for their recordings ( or some series at least ) , because they believe it makes for worse videos . 
  that 's what i got from them saying singing is banned at least . 
  what i got out of it is that they are n't all children , but some are possibly adults claiming to be children because they do n't have any id . 
  at some point you can probably enable veteran mode again .
