  and i suppose your opponents also have to have the beta client for now for it to have any effect ? 
  because rtz is also a russian 12 year old . 
   the minecon controversy, 
  could you elaborate on this ? 
  sounds like it might be an interesting piece of yogscast lore and i have n't heard it mentioned before . 
  just me ? 
  it 's a pretty messed up situation . 
  i have the same issue now with the first wing of brm . 
  bought the entire adventure and completed the first week 's content . 
  log in again a few hours later and it is all locked again . 
  then i go to follow their troubleshooting steps and after it all fails i make a support ticket . 
  then of course all the support does it copy and paste a message telling me to follow the troubleshooting steps and closes the ticket even though i explicitly mentioned having tried the steps . 
  looks like it will be a few years before i will be playing hearthstone again ... and all the while i 'm down 22 euros for nothing in return . 
  it just seems strange to me that having a 100 % working payment system is n't / was n't ever a priority . 
  i feel like it is really shady practice to have your customers pay for something they will never receive or which will arbitrarily be revoked . 
  if it was any other company than blizzard people would have already pitchforked them to death , because if i recall this issue has been ongoing ever since naxx release . 
  what sucks the most for me is the idea that they have our money , but we do n't get what we paid for and it does n't seem such a big deal for them to get us what we paid for . 
  ianal but it sounds like it should be illegal . 
  ( catch probably being that if you force a chargeback they will probably close your entire battle.net account and blacklist you forever . 
  but again ianal ) it sounds an awful lot like stealing to me at least . 
  what about practicing actually sticking the landing ? 
  sounds to me like that is more important than what happens in the air , since if you mess it up you will probably get hurt a lot . 
  do they , at some point , just say fuck it and try to do it with a ramp landing and hope they survive ? 
  or am i overestimating how hard it is for them to stick the landing ? 
  i 've been reading a lot of comments from people saying that in pools some xboxes also were n't running the latest patch . 
  granted i was n't actually there , but the overall consensus seems to be that they were using the older version at least for some pool matches . 
  because they could be high on marijuanas man !, 
  thanks for contributing your rage to us . 
  by the definition of open source it then would n't be open source anymore . 
  i bet there 's a lot less resistance on the way down if your dad owns a brokerage firm . 
  my point was that i think it will be a lot easier for him than the average person . 
  if your dad/family/friends have all the money and connections you could ever need , that can certainly save you a lot of effort gathering all that yourself over the course of time . 
  even if he is not directly giving you millions i still think he will give you greater opportunity and chances than some dad with an average job . 
  i 'm definitely not the biggest expert , but if it happens both on your laptop and phone after they have been on your wifi it could be that your router is infected . 
  it could be purposefully changing the content it sends to your devices to serve ads and stuff . 
  i guess it could still happen later on lte as well if the pages you tried were loaded from the internet cache on your phone instead of being refreshed . 
  if this is the case your only option is probably doing a factory reset on your router . 
  i guess you could make sure that it 's not your router by trying another network ( like the lte on your phone , but make sure the cache is cleared or that you force a refresh ) . 
  if it 's not your router and malwarebytes anti malware does n't turn up any unwanted stuff on your computer i 'm out of suggestions . 
  it could definitely be possible that 1 pc on your network infected all the other devices on your network , then you will have to somehow remove the virus from all your devices seperately . 
  it is !, 
  for me at least it has been fun again for the first time since the lagfest begun . 
  ever since the beta patch a little while ago ( which is now now also in the live version ) the online play has been as good as ever for me . 
  before that after they switched to ultra it was not fun to play at all for me . 
  a lot of psychopaths in the comments seemingly wanting to murder someone over some googly eyes . 
  wtf is up with that ? 
  sounds like x could be horribly biased towards himself . 
  an impartial third party will probably give the most realistic view after investigating x. 
  who cares what happens after we are dead is likely the thought process . 
  the reason for 3 is because the three armor types have different rates of damage absorbtion . 
  for g , y , r it 's 50 , 66 , 75 % respectively iirc . 
  i have seen the devs state multiple times that they have plans for a defrag mode and global leaderboards . 
  it probably wo n't have a very high priority but i think it is very likely that eventually it will come . 
  i doubt they went around and killed the dogs of everyone who torrented a movie though . 
  but it would also be easier for the big businesses to give more then . 
  i think they just do n't want to spend more than necessary , if the politician is bought for a few k , then why spend millions on him ? 
  that 's a great reason to keep them prisoner in your house until they are 21 . 
  replying to the 2nd 4 . 
  i assume you mean the weird angle the shaft and rail come from . 
  this appears to be a bug when you hide your gun . 
  try showing your gun , but moving it offscreen instead . 
  i use x , y = 0 and z = -20 . 
  i would find the commands for you if i were n't on my phone . 
  i guess they would walk until they inevitably get run over by the ai . 
  same for me . 
  i can look cross eyed on command looking towards the bridge of my nose ( right between my 2 eyes ) but doing that is way too extreme to see it sharply i think . 
  anything in sight just turns into a blurry mess mostly . 
  on the other hand if i just look at it nothing really happens . 
  sometimes the images will sort of cross over but never enough to ` lock together ' to become 3d . 
  it 's mostly just the brown bit on the left and the pointy bit on the right overlapping slightly . 
  any tips ? 
  or is it just the case that not everyone can do it . 
  it just seems impossible to me to have them completely overlap and also not be blurry to the point of seeing a blob . 
  that 's great and all , but anyone with eyes can see it is a hand egg and not a foot ball . 
  this is not a matter of taste or flavor but simply looking at the ball with your eyes and observing . 
  people like to apply the term to all kinds of differences other than race . 
  it is only a matter of time before ` racism ' will end up like ` literally ' and be synonymous to ` discrimination ' . 
  maybe even more so if racism becomes a less and less prevalent form of discrimination . 
  but that is my point . 
  all racism is discrimination , but not all discrimination is racism . 
  if i for example forbid all muslims ( yes , truly all muslims , not just people from the middle east ) from coming into my store i am discriminating based on faith not ethnicity . 
  but a lot of people seem to call other forms of discrimination racism too even though they are n't . 
  which is why i feel it is shifting more and more to racism meaning all forms of discrimination ( based on nothing but my perceptions of course , so pretty much on nothing ) . 
  human egg cells are cells which grow into a babby . 
  eggs have a babby growing inside of them and are discarded when the babby bird pops out . 
  he 's been one for 3 years 3 months and 19 days . 
  and if he were only for 16 days : reposting old karma hits . 
  because of the extremely shitty quality and unstable view . 
  that 's his entire point ? 
  say it is all 100 % legalized . 
  legit businesses will pop up and the govt will reap taxes . 
  instead they fight tooth and nail to keep everything illigal to keep the situation you described . 
  they have the power to stop this madness , but instead they fuel it and make morons like you believe it is all the user 's fault . 
  as if they can do much about it in many cases . 
  they will just be locked up trying to get help because brainwashed idiots like you do n't even consider them human . 
  i think you underestimate the amount of effort that goes into editing . 
  if they wanted they could probably portray him as anything . 
  see uk vs us ramsay shows like the guy above us said for example . 
  he has already spammed 8 links on reddit in the past day on his new karma farming account . 
  safe to say he probably does n't have enough time left for a job .
