and you know what 's funny ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the next campaign will mostly be hollande bashing . 
   please help if we start to get invaded . 
  see , i am already kind of pissed off at what russia is doing with ukraine . 
  it really makes me mad at the russian government . 
  if russia decided to do the same bullying bullshit to finland , that is something that could seriously make me consider joining the finnish defence forces as a volunteer . 
  finland is the european union and i feel like no country from the union shall be treated as such . 
  well , ireland was much more concerned by a nazi victory in europe that brazil , had it happened . 
  having a european country winning in brazil would be the first time if i 'm not mistaken . 
  that 'd be great . 
  i do n't know who contributed more to the great war and i think it does n't really has anything to do with the commemoration of it , but what i do n't understand is why the united-kingdom does n't want a symbol of peace to be flown during the commemorations . 
  yes the eu is a political entity , but its goal is peace . 
  seriously , why ? 
  is n't one , if not the biggest goal of the eu to promote peace within europe ? 
  i do n't see anything wrong with flying the eu flag for this kind of commemoration . 
  you wo n't foul moscow twice !, 
  i have never heard of cape verde as a candidate , though i have heard of greenland yes , but as of now they are still a danish territory or something similar if i 'm correct , not an independent nation , so that will not be possible . 
  cape verde is not part of the european union , nor part of portugal . 
  greenland is not part of the european union either , even though they have a lot of agreements with it . 
  except for cyprus ( which is arguably in asia ) , those territories are not countries . 
  they are part of european nations and are oversea territories , department , regions , whatever each country likes to call it . 
  i understand your point of view , and to me this is one of the biggest problems . 
  but hey , a man can dream !, 
  what we need is another superpower to counterbalance the us , and a strong european union or federation would be the perfect candidate if it does not fall into perversion and corruption . 
  then , this second superpower could work on the institutions that already exist , such as the united nations , on a global level . 
  i think it would actually be a rather bad idea politically and for the future of the union . 
  accepting a north-american country in the union would be radically different from all the debate about turkey being in europe or not , and would open the door to candidatures from other american countries . 
  a membership , no . 
  a partnership , yes . 
  even if they block it when russian warships try to go through , are they * really * going to open fire on them to stop them ? 
  i hope not . 
  that would be pretty stupid . 
  i do n't know why but seeing all those passports make me proud of sharing my continent with my fellow european friends . 
  horrible way to go . 
  of whom ? 
  france has a nuclear opt-out option with nato ? 
  on any conversation about bullfighting , what strikes me the most is how people can call it inhumane and barbaric while at the same time themselves wish the death of the matador and other people involved . 
  all opinions aside , i find this highly hypocritical . 
  or were ordered to come back ... 
  agreements were signed by both russia and the union in the 1990 's , promoting cooperation and mutual trade . 
  of course we want it . 
  i mean i 'm talking only for myself , but russians are more than welcome in the european community if all that bullshit nationalism stops from your government and its supporters . 
  i do n't see a single reason why russia should not be a part of a strong european community in the long-term . 
  or it could refer to foreigners ? 
  like those who threatened the revolution for pretty much 10 years during the french revolutionnary wars . 
  in 1961 , it lasted for more than 2 years though . 
  well then that 's just agreeing with me about what i said on the red cross being a terrorist organization . 
  well then if i do all of what you say with the real intent of leading a terrorist attack but i simply omit to do propaganda because i only do it with like 4 of my friends , i 'm not a terrorist organization . 
  oh none , i 'm just saying that if propaganda and training are criterias to being registered as terrorist organization , then the red cross could be . 
  a law like that certainly would n't need all of the criterias to apply to get enforced , let 's be honest . 
   propaganda , recruitment , training , business activities and spying on behalf of foreign armed forces all of that , especially propaganda , could be said about a lot of groups , and not necessarily bad ones . 
  that could turn a good lot of ngos as terrorist organisations . 
  do you have any source for that ? 
  holy shit india and pakistan seem like an even bigger bomb ready to explode with graphs like that ... 
  i think a sizable part ( i would say the majority of people i know ) of western europeans are really to defend countries on the east . 
  i personally would 100 % enrol in the army to go fight if russia tries to do a `` crimean '' to any member of the eu . 
  same as chinese . 
  derailing the topic is number one defence tactic and it works quite well on mass websites like reddit . 
  it 's been like for much longer than this migrant crisis ... 
  of course because postmodernism did n't exist . 
  it has nothing to do with the development through time . 
  in 600 years islam will not be what christianity is today and hinduism is not the christianity of the future . 
  religions and schools of thoughts do not have a linear bettering development ... 
  and it 's not like if serious events happened against germany that france would not put our bombs to the defence of our ally ... germany does n't need bombs . 
  christmas was beautiful in a lot of countries . 
  it 's not like there were dozens of trucks crashing on people throughout the whole of europe ... 
  i do n't know either honestly . 
  but to me it shows the inexperience of erdogan in its politics and certainly predicts more and more violent riots like taksim in the future . 
  unlike russia . 
  not only a waste of time but individual insults are pointless to fight against because they do n't represent a threat to the regime . 
  mass actions however , are . 
  i 'm just reacting to the fact that op mentioned the whole of ie languages which is n't the case . 
  \u6cd5\u56fd is the short term for \u6cd5\u5170\u897f\u5171\u548c\u56fd or french republic . 
  you can find it called \u6cd5\u5170\u897f ( falanxi ) on older maps or more formal settings . 
  it really does n't have anything to do with being considered a country or not . 
  england is translated \u82f1\u683c\u5170 ( yinggelan ) also uk is \u8054\u5408\u738b\u56fd ( lianhewangguo ) which litterally translates to united kingdom . 
  using england or \u82f1\u56fd is technically incorrect and you will find that \u8054\u5408\u738b\u56fd or \u5927\u4e0d\u5217\u98a0 ( great-britain ) is used on formal settings notably in the first case on official buildings . 
  the us official name being \u7f8e\u5229\u575a\u5408\u4f17\u56fd or united states of america . 
  shortened to the first and last character in everyday and non formal speech - \u7f8e\u56fd . 
  iceland has a semantic translation instead of a phonetic like france for example . 
  \u51b0\u5c9b bingdao means ice island/frozen island . 
  i do n't know if you speak about those sounds in chinese but there is definitely a difference even to untrained ears . 
  \u5df4 and \u722c are very distinguishable . 
  one is expletive the other is n't . 
  it will probably be better than what 's to come whatever it is . 
  in a few years hollande will definitely not be judged that harshly . 
  i am sure . 
  i 'm alsatian and i use both regularly . 
  sure , france has never ever helped poland during its history . 
  yeah sure . 
  what 's dangerous is thinking all muslims are fundamentalists that follow the coran like an instruction manual . 
  it does n't work like that , not in islam , not in christianity . 
  nowadays . 
  italians in france were seen a scum a few decades ago . 
  it has little to do with country of origin . 
  if you identify yourself as a christian do you agree with everything in the bible ? 
  no he 's just trolling and failing at it . 
  people who make medical exams are smart enough to avoid mistakes like this . 
  oh yes certainly . 
  but i do n't think they have power over all the press at all .
