now that you describe it , it does sound like you 're living in a dark cave longing for some sunlight or in other words it sounds very miserable im sorry !, 
  maybe you can retire somewhere warmer with year round sunlight one day idk, 
  do you still see people leaving their babies outside in england ? 
  or was this more common back in the day ? 
  and are children allowed in pubs now ? 
  that sounds so sad and lonely that you would have to wait outside while your dad was having all the fun . 
  at least you had lemonade !, 
  ( i love lemonade :p ), 
  oh then yall have reasonable summer weather it seems very moderate i can dig it  !, 
  but your winters however ... ... ... hahha . 
  if it ever gets just a little bit below 21 c you can find me bundled up in 3 layers with a hot liquid in hand xd . 
  it sounds like you do n't like when it turns dark early , why ? 
  starbucks is expensive ?? 
  good im glad because starbucks is trash imo ( although i 'm a sucker for their arnold palmers ) : o and i also find smaller coffee places to have more quality coffee and better atmosphere overall . 
  do swedes not use yelp ? 
  and that looks so cool !, 
  it kind of reminds me of people that spend their time stacking rocks along hiking trails and beaches  have you tried to do this ? 
  ahh i guess the shipping issue happens everywhere . 
  do you have an amazon equivalent in sweden ? 
  is there netflix in sweden ? 
  this is so interesting and good to know . 
  if i ever come to visit not to look at people weird when they do this, 
  what would you do outside ? 
  was there a playground ? 
  did you just stand around ? 
  i did n't realize this was so common in europe haha, 
  where do you leave them outside though ? 
  do people walk up to babies and play with them if they 're sitting outside ? 
  thanks for the information !, 
  i think it 's great that these countries believe in sharing the land, 
  whats there to do outside of the city ? 
  that 's very interesting how the government encouraged outdoor activities i hope to participate in some one day, 
  very detailed answers thanks !!, 
  what is a popular coffee shop where you are from ? 
  and why do people pick dead wood ? 
  i went to your google link and looked up some of your stores and i got to say ... 
  i am so sad most of these stores dont deliver to the us :( especially bik bok , im a sucker for joggers and im sure these companies make the pants warm enough to not be warn with two layers . 
  i 'm very jealous . 
  are there any seasons in which you can go to these farmlands and pick whatever they are growing ? 
  where i live theres a place called apple hill where people go every year around this time to pick apples except this year they 're only allowing people to pick grapes for some odd reason haha . 
  and i love hiking so thanks for the suggestion , 
  during fika , is this how a lot of swedes meet friends ? 
  and where is child left outside ? 
  in the middle of the grass ? 
  on the sidewalk ? 
  by the front door ? 
  do you have a special area designated for leaving kids outside ? 
  thanks for responding to all my questions !!!, 
  and good point for visiting in the summer , how hot does it usually get ? 
  does it ever get up to 43 degrees c ? 
  i 'm not used to having winters at all the coldest its ever been where i live is like -2.7 oc, 
  are there special areas outside where you can leave the baby so it 's out of the way of the entrance ? 
  this looks delicious, 
  yes i know but i 've been using mobile so the sidebar is a little different and i have no idea how to get my flair up . 
  i 've been mentioning in other replies that i am from the us, 
  omg that 's so unfortunate for that person :( !, 
  as i mentioned to someone else this happens a lot here in the us as well deer , possums , bears , etc will walk out in front of cars and cause car crashes . 
  it 's really sad for both the person and the animal, 
  i see !, 
  well at least there a national parks ... ... 
  omg !!!!!!!, 
  i fucking love cats they are so cute but if i saw one in nature id be a little concerned they are very big : o, 
  oh wow : / i guess the netherlands is like a concrete jungle then, 
  those pesky moose !, 
  the same almost happened here to me in the us but with deer/antelope . 
  when driving up to the mountains they like to dash out of nowhere my dad actually hit one and it completely damaged his car . 
  he had to repair the whole front end !, 
  i 'll have to google what a lynx is, 
  they are so cute everyone looks so happy with their collection !, 
  these pictures for some reason remind me of photos of people who have gone alligator hunting http://www.floridahuntingoutfitter.com/alligatorhunt.html, 
  those parasol mushrooms look like spiky lollipops lol !, 
  and wow im not a very big fan of mushrooms but i 'd be willing to give one of those dumplings a try they look delicious !, 
  honestly my mind is blown by how big this is in europe !!, 
  what the heck . 
  if i ever have a chance to visit im going to have to participate in this activity for sure . 
  btw thanks for all the pictures im a visual learner so it helped a lot  -  and i guess that aspect of living in california is cool one of the perks for sure !, 
  nothing like living 10 minutes from hungary though !, 
  interesting !, 
  yall really do take mushroom picking seriously !, 
  what makes a mushroom `` good '' ? 
  also really jealous you can drive for a couple hours and be in a whole new country d :, 
  scottish people are too much they even made a fictional wild haggis lol . 
  what the heck !, 
  lol i defintely would 've believed them for sure and ate it thinking i was trying some native meat xd, 
  it seems that way :( i was hoping to hear about some type of animal that i would n't find here in north america, 
  wow !, 
  these seem like fairly common attacks found in my country also, 
  is n't haggis also some type of dish in the uk ? 
  awww beavers !!, 
  i hope they have a chance to come back because according to the article it would help scotlands ecosystem out a lot , 
  wow what the heck !, 
  i made this post to find out about interesting animals in different countries and now i learn about past times practiced in europe . 
  this is so interesting . 
  do tourists take part of this too ?? 
  or is it just locals that go mushroom picking since they know all the hidden spots ? 
  its defintely looking that way . 
  the scariest imo i think that someone mentioned was a sea boar :p imagine boogie boarding in the ocean and this boar comes out the water !!, 
  i 'd be terrified d :, 
  it 'll be interesting to see how that plays out in the next couple years, 
  thank you for showing pictures haha,
