a united anglo-french empire would be a threat to american dominance in the pacific . 
  if we were willing to give you the finger over suez , i do n't see why we would n't do the same here . 
  if we had done that in indochina it would have saved us a lot of trouble . 
  he might be talking about the 1934 referendum to merge the positions of president and chancellor into fuhrer . 
  but i think that referendum was rigged . 
  the reason both of your empires fell apart was because you guys had a ruined economy at the end of the war and could n't hold onto them . 
  i do n't see how uniting would change that . 
  in fact , roosevelt or truman probably would have let the colonies you had that the japanese captured become independent , just to spite you . 
  i think that honor actually goes to denmark or one of the baltic countries . 
  i heard that joke before about alabama . 
  if russia is n't anything to fear , then why did you even bring it up ? 
  and if they were something to fear , western europe would simply pull another munich when the russians invade . 
  you want the german taxpayer spending money to bring her home so she can blow herself up at a concert ? 
  what part of being a un member means you ca n't use the death penalty ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  eastern europe is safe because of nato , not any eu bullshit . 
  and america is nato . 
  france , uk , and germany could both leave nato and eastern europe would n't be any less safe . 
  but if america leaves then nato is finished . 
  you do n't contribute anything . 
  the eu did nothing to protect them from russia . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  it was all us americans . 
  kurdistan is n't homogeneous . 
  there are yezidis and assyrians within the krg territories that are oppressed by the krg and want baghdad 's help . 
  if the kurds let those territories stay with iraq nobody would have a problem , but the kurds are too stubborn and want it all , plus kirkuk too . 
  taiwan is n't a country , it 's the last stand of china 's pre-communist government that was defeated in the civil war . 
  it still calls itself republic of china and claims sovereignty over all of china . 
  german born in poland . 
  a country like south korea or japan is a perfect example of a country that can go nuclear and minimize its conventional forces . 
  neither country has an interest in getting bogged down in a guerilla war or fighting against third-world armies which are not a direct threat to them . 
  if they go to war it will be because north korea or china attacked them , so going nuclear will be justified . 
  i think the same logic can be applied to poland . 
  but we did get high-quality immigrants . 
  we got some high-quality , some average-quality and some low-quality . 
  poland is not a wealthy country so it ca n't attract high-quality or average-quality immigrants who would rather be in western europe . 
  the only people who will go to poland will be those who were rejected by western europe . 
  yep , the romans handled mass germanic immigration just fine . 
  exactly . 
  if you ca n't get high-quality immigrants , might as well get no immigrants . 
  the russians who look east asian probably are east asian . 
  the people who were living in asian russia before the russians came still exist . 
  there will always be a incidents like that . 
  poland has a 38 million population , as long as the amount of these occurrences stay in the four-digit range i do n't think it is a problem . 
  every country has that . 
  you ca n't make a utopia . 
   we do n't have terrorist attacks , we do n't have hate preachers , we do n't have prisons full of minorities , we do n't have to spend billions on anti-terrorism programs , we do n't have immigrant ghettos , we do n't have immigrant rape gangs , etc etc. 
  is it really so hard to grasp that we would rather not repeat the mistakes that the west have made ? 
  until you mentioned immigrant rape gangs , i thought you were describing usa . 
  turkey can into germanic, 
  did the czechs become austrian again ? 
  i believe only specops can wear beards in the u.s. military . 
  ban foreign funding for mosques . 
  it 's hard to enforce , but it 's better than nothing . 
  either every group gets representation , or representatives are only chosen through merit . 
  pick one . 
  everybody knows the migrants do n't want to go to poland . 
  but the idiots in brussels insist on sending them there anyways . 
  it 's the austrians and the bavarians . 
  no , but turkish mosques do support loyalty to turkey . 
  why would you even want them back though ? 
  it 's bad publicity , and if the iraqis kill them you do n't have to spend money keeping them in prison and rehabilitating them ( not possible ) . 
  leverage against assad, 
  me too . 
  france was under a state of emergency for years . 
  macron said he would end the state of emergency - by making the emergency measures permanent . 
  but ... 
  but ... roc is real china . 
  you make chiang kai-shek sad . 
  cain and abel were brotherly . 
  name one international treaty that says cee countries hundreds of kilometers away from the mediterranean are supposed to take in migrants from the mediterranean . 
  is the eu seriously not giving you funds to deal with the migrants ? 
  wow , that 's next level hypocrisy right there . 
  do you really want to sanction the only country in which the arab spring resulted in a secular democracy ? 
  if you do , it wo n't stay stable for long . 
  kind of worrying that so many balkan countries were high enough to get their own category instead of being lumped into the balkan category , and balkan was still high enough that lumping it in with osteuropa was n't enough . 
  you can tax anything if you put your mind to it . 
  did i say it was justified ? 
  no , i said it was democracy . 
  why not ? 
  the democratically elected politicians expelled the germans . 
  if 98 % of the population wants to ethnically cleanse the 2 % , that 's democracy . 
  interbellum poland was democracy until 1926 . 
  i think they would be modular too . 
  maybe one mission requires one set of sensors , a different mission requires another set . 
  maybe you can choose between having a laser , railgun/coilgun , or ordinary autocannon . 
  thos are various provincial , state , and regional flags ( looking at you germany , austria , and czechia ), 
  probably some m1a2 variant . 
  potato famine seems to spread them around, 
  it was a town back then , not even a proper city . 
  saying its okay for ukraine to get lvov because ruthenians had it more than 600 years ago is like saying stettin was rightfully given to poland because some west slavs had it more than 600 years ago too . 
  mmm . 
  did someone say hamburger ? 
  please tell me more about the `` ukrainian '' city of lvov . 
  oh wait no , it was a polish majority city tha ukraine never owned and had no right to . 
  only an idiot would want a nuclear-armed state to collapse . 
  do you want to see chechen jihaadists with nukes ? 
   czechia  not part of ah, 
  because all the ammunition and weapons already in syria is warsaw pact , so we want to send them stuff that is compatible . 
  and it 's really embarrassing if we send them american weapons and then isis captures them .
