is n't the pronunciation somewhat different ? 
  i guess it could be worse , i said the german word `` schnecke '' in front of my french exchange partner and she heard it as schneck ... 
  ever been to the forest of dean ? 
  definitely nature , can confirm . 
  uk does n't think that , i do n't know where you got that idea from . 
  in common usage it is though . 
  would n't think twice about calling a group of girls `` you guys '' . 
  ah thanks , let me rephrase : `` 37 % of the country decided to listen to farage and the 350 million lie '', 
  it gets less funny when you realise it 's not just affecting former occupiers and abusers . 
  personally brexit pisses me off because many people voted out of anti-immigration sentiment and without understanding what the eu actually does . 
  also the fact that the majority of politicians , banks , and experts were in favour of remaining but 37 % of the country decided to listen to farage 's 350 billion lie instead . 
  does n't exactly give me a good image of the population . 
  may as well say that shoehorning a boring romance into every major film is elaborating on the protagonists ' sexual preferences , cause it shows that they 're straight . 
  same as any other leader , they just have to do their job well, 
  transgender is not a sexuality, 
  thinking that the intention was to help trans people all along is putting a * very * generous spin on it . 
  if he actually wanted to help , he 'd try to get insurance companies to recognise it without excluding willing and capable people from military service . 
  i do n't understand your second sentence . 
  trans people get hrt under insurance because trump wants to ban them from the military ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  if you 're going to make claims like that , source that shit . 
  prove to me why testosterone inherently makes a human being better at making decisions . 
  aaaand now you reveal the sexism . 
  neither is sicily , does that mean they 're not geographically in europe ? 
  look , until someone invents a way to rocket this little island all the way across the atlantic , we 're physically in europe . 
  ... england will always be in europe , that 's the continent we 're on . 
  * because less than half of the population wanted it . 
  god , you 're all over this thread like a fungus are n't you ? 
  this is exactly the reason we have this thread in the first place ; we 're supposed to be talking about the positives , yet here you are , blaming us for the actions of less than half of the country who are , surprise !, 
  not us . 
  `` great '' is used to refer to the fact that great britain is the larger of the british isles , nothing to do with whether it 's good or not . 
  what mental disorder, 
  ideally i do n't want to hear anyone defecating , but a poop-splash is a poop-splash no matter the gender . 
  that 's pretty cool actually , props to them . 
  that 's not pushing an agenda , it 's encouraging basic human decency . 
  homosexuality is n't nsfw or an adults only topic , if these kids learn about it at this age then maybe they wo n't grow up to bully gay kids . 
  they did n't have us anyway , i 'll accept it . 
  you only say that because it 's not you who has to live through it . 
  intersex , i think . 
  muslims are destroying houses ? 
  in croatia ? 
  please explain . 
  you know what the union jack is sorely lacking ? 
  a dragon . 
  we need a dragon . 
  seconded , please go ahead and annoy the leavers !, 
  how is this homophobic ? 
  damn , that 's disappointing . 
  did n't know your country was run by female riff raff, 
  they 're both a parody of monty python . 
  are n't some of the female and lgbt mps mentioned also british ? 
  the article was n't only talking about ethnic minorities . 
  the non-white mps may also be just as british as the white ones standing next to them ; most likely they were born here and share the same culture as us . 
  as long as they 're competent , the colour of their skin does n't matter to me . 
  i do n't know why people think this is a bad thing , it 's not like these people were elected solely due to their minority status . 
  does n't it just show that politics is becoming more accessible to people who would have otherwise been barred from it in the past ? 
  nah , bregret was people who voted leave and then found out afterwards that , wait , leaving the eu would be a shitty idea after all , the campaigners lied and now we 're all screwed . 
  we should have had an opt out system , where leave votes are counted and everyone else is remain . 
  people are never as passionate about things staying the way they are ; even if they 're quite content to remain in the eu , maybe for them it 's not enough to get up and vote about . 
  til, 
  suddenly the tories seem slightly more appealing ... 
  how could i disagree when your country produced [ this legendary track ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9ybicd43mc ) ? 
  which european country will take me if it all goes to pot ? 
  does germany need native english speakers to translate from german to english ? 
  sadly no it skills . 
  previous pm resigned after the brexit vote , the current ruling party ( conservative ) held an election for who would become the new leader of the party and therefore pm . 
  may was previously home secretary . 
  there 's some stuff about increase in tourism for countries that will get warmer . 
  that 's disrespectful but at least it 's not racist . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  that 's why we have the ever-so-convenient phrase `` systematic/systemic racism '' . 
  i think in general we might be past thinking that ruling other countries is a good thing now ... 
  that 's why we watch . 
  shame the performance was so boring . 
  thank you once again leave voters for fucking people over in ways you did n't expect . 
  because we are in europe . 
  geographically . 
  also this is people we 're talking about , not just abstract ideas we can leave to suffer while we kick back and ignore the world . 
  actually surprised at how much norwegian i understood there , that 's pretty cool . 
  did french exchange recently , half of the students ( 16-18 year olds ) smoked . 
  it was really jarring for the english students tbh . 
  my exchange student smoked with her mum in the house , and when she came round mine she smoked in my room through the window . 
  my stuff was smelling like it for like a week after . 
  not saying it 's everyone , but it 's really surprising to me how many young people smoke in france . 
  i wish we got to learn about stuff like that to be honest . 
  not sure how it would fit in ( we only did two topics at gcse ) but it would definitely be useful . 
  i mean , not all of the uk chose to leave . 
  hell , most of the politicians seem to think they 've made a massive mistake . 
  you know , usually the super downvoted comments on this sub are ones i tend not to agree with . 
  but come on guys , the majority of british people do n't act like we 're still a colonial power , nor do we want to be again . 
  it does seem that people are trying to project that view onto us unfairly . 
  second time , no , not everyone is actually fat here . 
  speaking from personal experience . 
  not really , no . 
  ah , so you 're an elitist metal fan . 
  say no more . 
  so they 're ... telling you to input a response that says `` black is bad '' ? 
  does n't seem great that there are these associations in the test itself . 
  has anyone here taken this test ? 
  are there no `` neutral '' options ?
