  both politicmen , but also voters . 
  i think the same system can turn very well in a country , and become a nightmare in an other . 
  education culture and personnal responsability are crucial . 
  these day are stranger and stranger, 
  merkel, 
  human right activist from yemen . 
  this could also be a cover for someone founding the terorrists , and while it may also not be the case , it is normal to check it . 
  moreover , considering how there is no death penalty in uk , i dont see how an anti death penalty ngo could be targeted by the goverenement for their activity . 
  then we can rebuild her , we have the technology . 
  we have the capability to build the world 's first bionic politic woman . 
  angela merkel will be that women . 
  better , stronger ... and thriftier . 
  because their economy is still working , and seing how the other european leader with all their nice theories are failling hard , it is logical to see merkel as an efficient leader . 
  after i tried german , english seemed incredibly easy . 
  at least to write simple sentences . 
  using irregular and prepositional verbs and complicates sentences are more difficult . 
  especially future since its different from the french . 
  for the spoken english ... well why bother , as each commonwealth nation has its own pronunciation , lets just speak globish , in a way every non native can understand , and let the english 's ears burn . 
  well , the footage of this incident was released . 
  it remind me of this http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1lynvx/french_consulate_worker_arrested_at_israeli/, 
  well , i think that during the byzantine and roman empire , they were a part of europe , but the whole mediterranea was a part of europe at this time . 
  but today , they are not , and while their secularism did offer some prosepct of a european-turkish cooperation , their current trend to islamism is burning all the bridges . 
  actually , it does . 
  you can complain about some clouds in european press , but in iran , its nighttime . 
  italian politician living up to their reputation, 
  what if one eu country did suddenly adopt a communist or fascist governement and started to apply very repressive policies that revulsed the others ? 
  even if it would offer better condition , i doubt that any former colony would choose to integrate its former colonist . 
  maybe some islands would find interest in it , but a whole african country ? 
  not likely . 
  i dont think that any african country would be willing to go back to europena rule , but if it was the case , yes , we would be able to get away with it . 
  making them reach european level would however be a lot more difficult . 
  especially with today liberals ( as opposed to conservatives ) values . 
  in france , mayotte is still underdevelloped . 
  i thought you were a country already ? 
  sorry , mixed the french and castellano writings . 
  by the way , its catalonha in occitan . 
  catalognia is the most serious independentist movement in western europe . 
  while baque and corsican independantist are more decried as they are violent , catalogna managed to build instead of destroying , and has currently a wide popular basis . 
  moreover , an independant catalogna would be a viable state . 
  i would support it . 
   they could offer help to the neighbouring countries in patrolling the borders and limit weapons etc. 
  getting into syria they are already offering protection to turkey and jordania , but they cant control the sea shipement . 
   it 's worth noting that the results of if syria even used chemical weapons are n't even in yet . 
  thus far all we have are rumours . 
  we should remember from iraq what happens if usa jumps the gun . 
  i believe all the evidence so far show that a large scale chemical strike did indeed occur , and that assad is the only one with the mean to do that . 
  its time to cut the crap and talk about the actual facts , and not this bullshit russian porpaganda . 
  well , its out of date . 
  putin said such resolution was unnaceptable . 
  he want to give assad a nice noncoercitive notice that he sould relinquish its weapons , thats all . 
  i wont favor taking side on the syrian civil war as both side are bad , but when obama did warn assad not to use its chemical arsenal , i thought it was a good idea to prevent heavyer civilian causalities . 
  however , now that they have been used , he need to act to keep his word , and i would support it . 
  if assad will to relinquish its weapons , though this would be pointless , but i doubt assad is of goodwill here . 
  he is probably just buying time , but lets give him a week to have these chemical rounded . 
  that it is the colder petromonarchy in the world considering they have a king ... and petrol ... you know ... 
  seriously , they have actually a lot of islands . 
  actually , my comment was an the relaibility and bais of the person making the statement . 
  eating the skin of an apple is ` healthy ' - my grandmother, 
  italian and english . 
  considering how italian politician are seldom condemned , i say it is a safe move for them . 
  / u/hellomondays reported that this was not taken in the last day , but in a previous attack . 
   if we do n't act we will be hated . 
  if we do act we 'll be hated . 
  fuck all of that shit . 
  if we 're going to lose either way i say we keep our money and stop sending my generation to die in a fucking desert . 
  you got it right and wrong at the same time . 
  you are not hated because of what you do or dont do , but because there is an other side which is maintaining a propaganda war . 
  yeah , propaganda work both way , and if the arab street is told each day how evil you are for what you do or dont do , you should not question your actions , but who is actually playing the mob . 
  russia will be pissed , and i enjoy that , but china will stay out of the affair to protects its future commercial relations with any syrian state, 
  it will probably be more like libya though . 
  oh , and we should wait for the un observer , because they are basically hostages . 
  one often neglected advantage is the end of the inflation race . 
  usually in france , we sufffered an heavy inflation ( till 10 % per year ) , and hence a lot of people bought houses and the house market was all wrecked . 
  other invested aboard or fled to switzerland ( to evade tax in the same time ) . 
  then , poor people could n't afford to escape inflation , while the rich used solutions that harmed us . 
  with a stable currency , life is a little better . 
   many communists would argue all capitalistic countries are single party , since every party is interested in maintaining bourgeois capitalism . 
  thats just show how retarded they are . 
  it is the same as the far far right claiming all other parties are the same as they are anti-nazi . 
   when i met an italian and said they were from italy and i replied ohh i live in slovenia i get 3 responses ( `` wheres that '' `` oh slovakia '' or a blank expression ) ouch !, 
  on the subject , i think that flemishs think to high of themselves , and can be pretty stuborn with their wallons neighbours . 
  when you try to speak in french to them , they insist on speaking their obscure dutch-like dialect ( dutch being already a german dialect ) and you end speaking in english ( even if they do speak french ) . 
  swiss irritate me a lot too , because they speak bad of the french in every occasion , and are a tax heaven . 
  yeah , our economy is failling , unemployement is high , but no worries , we have still large patchs of unadultered nature to frolic in !, 
  thats political terrorism at its finest . 
  d\u00e9fricher is more an agricultural term , meaning you remove trees to have a clear field , i dont think its related to people , but really to agronomical devellopement of africa , as its next sentence is `` making the desert fruitfull '' . 
  both are interesting . 
  switzerland provide more benefits , and is a wealthier , but you will have a better social life in germany as the swiss are sometime reclusive . 
  taxi wasnot his finest work . 
  but luc besson films were really good . 
  nikita ; leon ; the fifth elements ; were really a boost for frenchs films . 
  well , we should promote a good and interresting film industry to begin with . 
  french has a somehow medium film industry , but still try to promote films that are both consensual and not commercial . 
  we should instead make innovative but pleasing films . 
  i 'll be less conclusive than martelfirst , but there is a lot of doubt on this affair for many reason . 
  `` light scratch marks '' and no bruises . 
  although she said the agression happened in a park , and that she was helped by someone , there is still no witness . 
  considering how this did hit the news , i find it higly unlikely . 
  some young girl that decide to wear a burka in public to show everyone they defy our custom and law are aw . 
  given the local context , with the violence in trappes and the military who was arrested for planing an attack on a mosquee , it is plausible that she did want to stick to the news by making this story .
