  what is the yef ? 
  i think each year , europe is more like a country . 
  in the last election , for the first time , parties did have candidates for presidency ( junker vs shulz ) . 
  in the next , we may very well vote for a european program . 
  with the russia-ukraine war , the eu was forced to take a stance somehow united , and a european military is not a taboo word anymore ( while we are very far from it ) . 
  so , i think that while we can still not conceive it , it is happening little by little . 
  who need sanctions when you have putin, 
  again ? 
  talk about the spread of antisemitism being an illusion !, 
  that is exactly what you need to tell when you * want * them to panic . 
  china has many disputed territories with russia and even in the cold war they had conflicts . 
  moreover they are competing for influence in central asian countries . 
  the only reason china is.not concerned is because they know they have the mean to counter them . 
  do you think that the european politics have the ressources to face the upcoming crisis with russia ? 
  a truck not able to be filled with grain ??? 
  it is not a truck , merely a car with a lot of empty space behind and may have no hope to transport munitions or tools . 
  for a military truck it is hilarious . 
  heck ... 
  even my grandfather tractor was able to tow a full load of grain withouth much effort . 
  source ? 
  they werent checked before entering and the one showed to the press were strangely half empty . 
  and this night the ukrainian forces were assaulted what a coincidence !, 
  with the hydroelectric ones which are really fast to get in production . 
  it is true , even if electric heating is somehow quite develloped in france . 
  well from what i think , if western nation had stepped to defend ukraine putin could have rampe up his propaganda about western agression with much more efficiency , but the more time pass the more ukrainian realise they are against mother fucking russia . 
  / r/russia is a lot more sane . 
  / r/conspiracy and / r/worldpolitics are the jewlizardilluminatobamandyhookshit, 
  this is / r/europe not / r/conspiracy please only post bullshit in / r/conpiracy, 
  there was thread around in / r/ukrainianconflict and someone quoted euromaidan press verified ways to help ukraine army : http://euromaidanpress.com/2014/07/04/verified-ways-to-help-the-ukrainian-army/ many of those help the wounded, 
  i think that the reason there is a protest now is precisely because russia is invading and need to deter any action . 
  there are also reports of russian regular army prisoniers . 
  russia is claiming they did invade by accident but reckon them ( for those claiming , `` if it is not on my tv it is not real '' ), 
  usa were isolationists , not minding european buisness but they did act in cuba panama and other places . 
  some european countries are diplomatically very active but europe is divided and hence not that effective . 
  only when europe will be united we will see decisive actions . 
  not as much racism as / r/france though, 
  i like how this gal , to explain his views , start by stating how everybody else is wrong . 
  if you want to challenge a statement you argue it and refute it at your conclusion , not in the introduction . 
  then on his views ... to think that the armed insurgency is replicating maidan with their months of massive protests ... you have to really bend things to equate those things . 
  i think it has more to do with which post are x-posted to big sub . 
  on the other hand worldnews has a nice `` no internal us news '' policy, 
  against a russian small scale invasion like in ukraine a strategic nuke may draw a second strike . 
  a small yeld tactical nuke on ennemy forces or logistics may take out the invasion force and show our determination leaving russia the choice between peace and annihilation . 
  putin think europe is full of pussies and that he can annex it bit by bit withouth having a real war . 
  [ ravaillac ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=fran%c3%a7ois_ravaillac ) did kill one of our most popular king . 
  it is more logic al to have some totally empty as you can assign a empty truck to one that did break down instead of having to fetch 5 truck to discharge the broken one . 
  moreover why not concentrate on repairing it instead of leaving the truck on the road . 
  were they planning to abandon trucks in ukraine ? 
  wan na bet your country on it ? 
  russian soldier are already in belaruss ukraine transdinestria and k\u00f6nigsberg, 
  yeah , aother jewish family convinced they can not live in europe and that they need their own country to live in peace . 
  great job zionist physician , great job . 
  abandon all hope ... or was that for malaysia airlines ? 
  a totally inneficient and absurd option but an option nonetheless . 
  these move are usually followed by their answer and irland will have to search for a new ambassador in israel . 
  working for the state television of an ennemy country is a valid enough reason for expulsion imho, 
  well nobody is stopping anyone to do a counter world cup with an other name like `` top cup '' and invite top teams from the world . 
  actually with russia and qatar next there should be an opening for a new cup wich could become a standing competitior of fifa world cup ... or are national teams forced to play in the fifa cup by any binding ? 
  clearly directed toward the israeli governement / racist hypocrisy, 
  actually , ** this argument is used in every antisemitic event to make it pass for defense of palestinians . 
  ** it is just a strategy to justify their racists attack . 
  by exemple we have seen this defense when dieudonnee was making racists statements . 
  he said by exemple about patrick cohen that he would not have the time to pack his belonging when the wind will turn ... pretty much straightforward if you ask me . 
  now we see it as syanagogues and jewish shops are targeted ... but that is not antisemitic you say ? 
  it is a trick to say that attacking jewish shops and synagogues is not antisemitic ... gobbels would be proud of that one . 
  well , there is a rule of thumb : if you would attack a random jew because of that it is . 
  in short an asosciation said this video was a coyright infrigement to make it disapear from youtube . 
  well , i wouldnt be surprised if the majority of the protesters were ethnic europeans as far left is heavily reliant on the muslim vote and a fringe far left party ( new anticapitalist party ) has even called to the manifestation . 
  well , in france they attacked jewishs shops and synagogues , prompting more jews to consider leaving for israel . 
  common sense, 
  yeah , by exemple , i hear they speak the same language but romanian call it romanian language and moldovona call it moldovan language ... a bit like how the brtions call the american language `` english '', 
  they went to synogogues to attack jew , how cna that be instigated by the right wing fachist junta ... errr , jewish group , sorry , wrong propaganda . 
  it echoes the last manifestation where palestinians went to attack synagogues . 
  no self respecting governement can let groups attack others on his soil and if the attackers werent arabs you would all be indignated by the gov leniency . 
  russia is the best cover for them . 
  well , when a delusional man is determined to gain territory or make the sitaution worse for everyone , munich showed it was futile to temporary buy peace by letting him have his immedaite objectivve as he will ask more . 
  ethnic russian and russian speaker would suffer little dicrimination as russian speakers did not side with separatists in their majority . 
  russian speaker from odessa also repelled the attempts by russian to take over the city . 
  on the other hand , the one that did take action in the conflict would have trouble hiding it and they better get back in russia . 
  glad to hear it comrade lavrov . 
  do you want some root beer ? 
  it is like there is a constant basis of russian supporters but they havent the capacity to mobilize * en masse * when an event like this occur like genuine people do . 
  the only thing that will be devastated will be the anti fracking groups . 
  well , because we showed no resolve before putin his convinced he can get away with it and is not backing down but making more acusation agaisnt kiev and how it tis their fault because they did not surrender to the pro russian armed groups . 
  they often fly over irak because they have no other choice but think that at their cruise level they are out of range of terrorists weapons . 
  it is either irak or iran or afghanistan or israel or the sinai most . 
  fly over irak , other choose afghanistan to reach asia . 
  russian media did say they had them when ukrainian planes were shoot down . 
  russia is entangled in contradiction , either they admit shooting down ukranian planes or they admit giving the rebel aa gear . 
  russia is litterally taking two pounds of clay from ukraine because they didnt go with them , that is what i call mob style revenge . 
  i never eat dates either but if i see some i will try them to see how they taste . 
  well , it depend of the moldovan law . 
  forgein flag are sometime used when you receive a forgein delegation and want to honour them , so there must be no custom against showing forgein flags , and even if there was , european institution would never agree on a way to protest . 
  it is true that the situation in crimea is more similar to the sudetes , but putin is definitely on the same caliber than hitler . 
  i am sorry , what is your point again ? 
  fact : churchill support also dropped in germany and russia when he denounced the invasion of poland . 
   one of the most pro-european countries in the eu because of russia ? 
  isent it justly hypocrisy to decry western behaviour while acting like a complete khulio ? 
  and no fucks will be given, 
  they keep peace out of reach .
