  it would ultimately fall on the market , but it would borrow the russian a lot in that time . 
  it was mostly a humorous statement paralleling snowden situation and putin action in ukraine . 
  snowden did choose its side , and if he want to have a nice retirement , he need to give us information on russian services and techniques ... but i doubt putin has given him any . 
  the only problem is that a autonomy vote will also be claimed as a victory , and the newly independant nation will be annexed by russia aswell . 
   it is assumed that autonomy is wanted by an overwhelming amount of crimeans . 
  while autonomy is said to be wanded by a majority of ukranian ( relative as there is also ukranian and tatar in crimea ) the `` russian annexation '' is not as popular . 
  i think it is the protest option you are talking about . 
  to bad , we just restricted russian visas, 
  nsfw because it is rt ? 
  yeah , but the russian military presence might have changed a lot of minds too . 
  mostly becasue they are at best out of context . 
  by exemple , a german diplomat saying `` i had lavrov on the phone telling me there are no russian soldier in ukraine '' will be : `` there are no russian solider in ukraine '', 
   putin has nothing to gain from transnistria nor the entire moldova . 
  i think it is one of the rare time when can be happy that your country is landlocked . 
   solar , wind : favored by green groups , therefore generally mistrusted by the populace on wich planet are you exactly . 
  solar power is popular but frigging exepensive . 
  by exemple , our governement pushed solar by accepting to buy solar pannel electricity from private producer above market price and everybody started to put them on their roof till tthe governement realised it would bankrupted them and stopped this madness . 
  solar power is expensive and only available in sunny day , which mean you need a lot of water restrain to stockpile potential electricity production . 
  and guess who is against water restraint ... bingo , greens !, 
  well , the lack of russian insigna on the soldier that invaded crimea did not allow our researcher to prove the existence of russia . 
  moreover , it seem that russian soldiers can evolve in their appeareance . 
  hence we can theorise that the different kind of soldier around the globe are not creation , but evolutions of existing soldier . 
  the russian soldier is not a creation of a `` russian entity '' , but a natural evolution which can naturally happen in an environment with russian interests . 
  checkmate theists !, 
   does n't need any additional motivation . 
  icbm was fired near caspian sea as reported by ria half an hour ago [ 1 ] . 
  ow , bollocks . 
  i think the message he try to send here is approximately this : www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqkpes3dgzg by this point , i think we can conclude that merkel had the right analysis of this guy . 
   i think send a strong message to putin the problem is justly that it would send a message , and incite poutin to do the same or even worse . 
  he previously made surprise exercice to his troops near ukraine , but finally get them back to their caserns with the current strategy of desecalation , this might be the wrong message . 
  now european power are pushing him to retire his troops from crimea while it is possible . 
  support for ukraine and increased preparness might on the other hand indicate that we are ready to act if he push further . 
  if it is waht i think then this pool is not understood corectly . 
  people were asked that if the governement was to change minister , who do they think would be nominated , and they hence quoted the ps politician they know , hence the infamous dsk that is well know for obvious reasons . 
  well , it is always better than the swiss one which are only able to flight in office hours . 
  the problem with the fall of capitalism , is that it is often announced , but it is usually the side announcing it that experience it . 
  wise precaution . 
  in this era you never know when the russian will land on your clay . 
  it remind me more of the french revolution when the king tried to fled to austria and then france defeated the austrain troops that were set to restore him . 
  maybe the ski jump ramp were actually mobile and they are just planing to place one at each side of the strait . 
   i 'll see you back at the [ ?? ], 
  set tomorrow if she dont show up , that will give a lot of shivers . 
  if russia manage to invade ukraine , you can be sure that many will try to resist this invasion with guerilla warfare . 
  at least , european will support them , or we can forsee a new conflict like vietnam or korea . 
  turkey has protested against the treatement of tatar in crimea . 
  romania is probably very scared, 
   russian army is going to kill its own soldiers well , that is often what you get when you dont put distinctive marks on your troops . 
  to avoid such friendly fire , the russian army should wear proper insigna . 
  well , i think having a strong currency supported by all the european countries helped cope with the banking crisis . 
  if each country did still have its currency , pesetas and drachme would have fallen through the floor many times . 
  would vodka help ? 
  the day bitching become a meme , you are going to be really messed up . 
  many crimeans already experienced moving inside russia and are not fond of it . 
  well , they could always back off and restore stability . 
  to make money with an investement , you need to have terrain knowledge of this investment to ensure no one is crossing you . 
  if russia is at war , you can not really go to it to control it . 
  to be fair , if there was ever one good occasion to use this meme , it it would be now . 
  this rumor started as ralfales launched concrete bombs on tanks to avoid civilian causalities ... to think they did run out of explosives but not of high precision guidance kits was not credible though . 
  our military spending is high because we field a professional ( no conscript ) army and pay them high wages . 
  they are also well geared , but as we each use different gear , devellopement cost is also high . 
  but , on the whole , it is true that if every european army managed to combine they would overpower the russian . 
  i dont see it happening though . 
  he has always been arrogant and agressive toward europe . 
  our far right and far left extremists love him so much it is suspicious . 
  altough we dont hear them very much , i think they have a lot of thing to agree to . 
  while barack can arrest a strategy and the apply it , european leaders need to debate a strategy and find enough countries and troops to back it up . 
  the situation in crimea look more like a staged invasion than a popular uprising , just saying . 
   4 ) russia keeps its troops where they are now `` to maintain security '' until the early elections . 
  do you seriously think that russian troops can guarantee fair elections ? 
  do you think that pro european will even dare to go to the votes desk knowing armed russian guard them ? 
  how do you think they will campaign as pro russian facists militia beat them like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8s0ffw08tha while it may be that ultimately ukraine will loose crimea , thoses election will just be a joke . 
  although we dont have us troops on our soil , and dont really need it as our amry can handle our defense quite well , and even the defense of our interests and ally . 
  we dont mind partaking in some nato operations but are very picky about what we support or do not support and wont move if we dont like the plan . 
  i think you can count on us to help , but not to be bossed around . 
  the ukranian seem to really manage themselves withouth help / s we can be sure that withouth nato support , putin would have already reclaimed the baltic states somehow . 
  bbc seem to be livebloging about it : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26380336, 
  it is not some second grade ak47 they have there , but a last generation of assault rifle with modern optics indeed . 
  many armies in the world can only dream to have such gear . 
  i think this statement call for a good citation of / u/lenar _ hoyt  from both sides . 
  it hilarious how everyone recognises russian propaganda so readily yet completely ignore it from `` our '' side . 
  you mean like when we said that yanoukovitch was a thief , or when we decried the bekrut 's brutality ? 
  yeah , that is pretty lenient gun laws if you want my opinion . 
  to make a better analogy , the situation is more like if the french army had seized brussel airport and was patrolling brussels to ensure ethnic wallons protection , but your strategy of limiting further loss would make sense anyway . 
  [ video of `` citizen '' having fun piloting mi-24s toward sevastopol airport ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tvypihvz1a ) ~ ~ ( uncomfirmed ) ~ ~ edit : seem prety comfirmed by now , as well for the fact that russian troops are in crimea, 
  i am quite suprised . 
  our far right is heavily pro-russian . 
  is swedish far right anti russian ? 
  edit : sorry , i mean far right ; but parts of our far left is also quite pro russian too btw, 
  to be fair , nobody above 30 can decently conceive that someone may want to be with russia instead of europe . 
  [ photo of the armed men on the road to the airport ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bhi1bfrcaaaxppz.jpg ), 
  has the new governement a hold on the army and its main generals to begin with . 
  some of them must be loyal to the fleeing president . 
  media coverage is totally different . 
  while argentina had no real influence , russia is using its propaganda machine at full course to depict the revolution as a facist coup , and the crimean as russian ( forgetting that part of them are alos ukranian and tatars and both dont like russia ), 
  it was actually argentina that invaded the falkland , and uk counter attacked them , you know . 
  unmarked men , unmarked apc ... what is next , an unmarked aircraft carrier ? 
  heard on the info they had modern automatic rifles with modern visors . 
  moreover , the airport is partially military . 
  i would bet on russian official forces . 
  it is harder to play the cool card when you have a canon on your head .
