  * france * after * it was usually after , like 9,99 f , but sometime in the middle , like 9f ^ 99 * after also , some use ke to talk about thousand of euros http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20061015114650aaedea9, 
  how about scrap wellfare state and lower taxes on work , so people can gain money by working . 
  french psychiatry dosent diagnose adhd , but i dont think that we are exempt from such tendencies . 
  they are just overlloked . 
  i 'm sure that it would hace caused a huge rucus in france , but i didnt hear anything about it . 
  n\u00e9o isolationism ? 
  that is super easy . 
  large bills and coins are worth the more and small ones the less . 
  big bicolor ones are worth 1 and 2 $ ; yellow ones 50c 20c and 10c and small copper red ones 5c 2c and 1c their value is quite readable ( not like american dollards ) usable anywhere excpet in uk sweden denmark and eastern europe . 
  we could discuss a lot of the influence of news channel , but they are clearly not a direct cause of the rise of extremism . 
  comfirmation biais on the other hand play a heavy role on the agressive stance of far left and far right that you can ever seen on reedit sometime . 
  i ever stumbled upon a far left instruction on how to manipulate public boards , infiltrate moderation position and promote their agenda . 
  journalism ... was always shitty , even before television , you had poor quality and biggoted newspaper of all tendancies . 
  radio and tv brodcast are less expensive than papers . 
  le monde , first newspaper in france , lose as much in a year than the whole bfm 24hour channel budget . 
  i dont think that there is an information problem , but you actually lighted an other problem . 
  with internet and no cost information , a lot of bogus information has been sent off , and many conspirationist theories flourishes while radical websites manage to lure their audience into believing that only them got the real truth , while all the other news sources are corrupted . 
  whatever may be the problem , limiting information is not a solution . 
  political financing has been cleaned up a lot thoses past years in france . 
  it is still a bit dirty , but a lot better than in previous eras . 
  civic education ... is mostly leftist in france and youngs are taught early that patriotism is bad . 
  that may be a cause as now most young search an ideological community in either far left or right , and not with their fellows french . 
  france seem to be fully disintegrating . 
  moderates speech is diseapearing . 
  far left is growing a bit , and far right a lot . 
  actually , we seem to be screwed . 
  in russia , russia know you !, 
   inflation under 5 % would seem preferable to deflation to me . 
  well , that is why the bce has in its status to maintain a constant 2 % per year inflation . 
   you are misinterpreting me . 
  i did not say inflation is low . 
  i said it 's * too low * . 
  point in case was bce policy is deflationist . 
  its not , it struggle to maintain a constant low 2 % inflation , wich is not deflationist . 
  inflation could be debated , but seriously , and while germany stayed out of major inflationist policies , italy did suffer from 15 % rates in the eighties ( and france had a good [ 13 % ] ( http://france-inflation.com/inflation-depuis-1901.php ) ) . 
  as you can see , it dosent appear to have solved anything , and while it provided states with easy cash , it slowly depleted trust in our currencies and made housing unafordable . 
  what promoted the facist , and what is currently promoting them , is in fact the propaganda about conpiracies of ~ ~ judes ~ ~ europeans bankers making voluntary you poor while there is the easy solution of printing money out of paper . 
  inflation is the opposite of deflation . 
  as turminder_xuss showed , inflation is maintained at a low level by the bce ( but still positive , and hence calling its position deflationary wrong btw , you should call it low inflation or stable ) thoses policies can be discussed , but you should be aware that an inflationist policy will make you quite poor . 
  i have one mark , can i have a million lira please ? 
  inflationist policies are a hassle to your economy and make you really poorer . 
  the only good thing about it is that you dont see it , but after some time you are wrecked . 
   like prohibition for children to attend school if parents do n't have citizenship . 
  my god . 
  here we expel migrant if they dont send their children to school , and we had a large polemic about an arrest around a school . 
  this must be some kind of [ soviet reversal ] ( http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/russian_reversal_%28joke%29 ), 
  she already said that she wouldnt get back if her four brother and her delinquant father werent allowed eitheir . 
  source about her father : http://www.20minutes.fr/societe/1237941-20131017-pere-leonarda-naurait-fait-tous-efforts-sintegrer, 
  or maybe it is because nobody care about the un . 
  the jihadi are not worriying by themselves . 
  what is worriyng is the level of hard line islamists in france that spanned them . 
  i am pretty sure that we had a niceresolution for the libya war , and that many other participed , including italy . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya somalia operations agaisnt pirate were forgotten also . 
  paradigm is very subjective . 
  mali intervention is classified as `` war on terror '' but it could also considered as neocolonial ( depending on what this did mean ), 
  then these war were not liberal . 
  judginf from the koweit war , i think he meant something like liberation war . 
  i dont know for rwanda , but kosovo was occupied by serbia too . 
  definitely liberation . 
  nope . 
  automatic votation . 
  was put to vote after petition . 
  no chance to pass . 
  wo n't happen . 
  well , the think that shocked me the most , was his followers . 
  there is no debate , only the thruth of the leader . 
  then they explain how everybody in the country is maintaining a social order , and how they will change it . 
  when you hear them , and inquiry a bit , its about controling every election from the base , forming popular commitee that select citizen that represent them . 
  it is strangely similar to how the communist regime worked . 
  thats only posturing . 
  last year , the far leftist ( leaning to totalitarism ) melenchon did the same thing and threatened those who said he was extreme left . 
  of course he did not put anyone in a ridiculous trial , but the point is that his footmen did relay the message and were vocal about him being moderate . 
  marine is just sending the same signals and soon her supporters will say she is not far right . 
  its not about the threat of trial , its about the footmen of propaganda that now have a speech to refer for . 
  if they dont , its a terrible waste of money . 
   russian wargames near swedish territory were three times larger than announced ; haha , thats probably a payback scare for the impromptu missile test in the mediterranea . 
  ** france ** * huge polemic about the opening of tools shops on sundays . 
  two shop did defy the judgement forcing them to close while asking the client to sign a petition to allow them to be open . 
  * an other polemic about the roma , our interior minister claiming most of them werent willing to integrate , and a green minister saying he was endangering the republic . 
  * a parisian jewellery was attacked in daylight by a ten men team from `` eastern countries '' http://www.thelocal.fr/20131004/axe-gang-hit-luxury-watch-store-in-paris * syrian refugees in calais hoping to join united kingdom occupied a pier . 
  the `` prefet '' proposed to them the status of asylum seeker in france , but they were determined to join uk . 
  they are actually calling off the protest . 
  http://www.thelocal.fr/20131005/syrian-refugees-call-off-calais-protest * a woman was arrested in paris for atempting to contact al qaeeda : http://www.thelocal.fr/20131004/paris-woman-proposed-targets-to-al-qaeda, 
  its only a `` votation '' they managed to get a big enough petition , and now this is going to get rejected by popular vote , so basically nothing to see here as they pulled this number out of their buttocks to make a little advertisement on their project . 
  never mess with madagascar health departement !, 
  wasent it supposed to be immoral behaviour that induced earthquakes ? 
  actually , i searched on the net , and the submitor need to be a professor of social science , history , theology law or technology . 
  ( can also be a mp or an other oddjob ) http://www.nobelprize.org/nomination/peace/index.html, 
  lets nominate potpan0, 
  which country in its sane might would ? 
  can they be processed back to society or will they always be jihadi fighters , and if it is the second , what to do about them ? 
  i was thinking of corruption , and how in some country , most would take offense when offered a bribe , while in other , it would be considered normal , and hence corrupted politics are reelected . 
  an other problem is short term vs long term . 
  some say that politics only think in long term , but that is actually false . 
  elector think in short term and would not support budget cuts . 
  they instead want more money , even if it mean more debts . 
  and there there is the political debate by itself and how people and politics are honest , and how respecteful the debate is . 
  when opposite parties respect themselves , you can have a parliamentary system , but when they always bash one another , only a presidential system can be stable enough . 
  the system does not make everything . 
  people are aslo responsible for how democratic their country is .
