  just so you know , if we get back to 1947 borders , it means i get africa back . 
  lots of downvotes but no answer . 
  the cowardice is strong in them . 
  but then again , it is natural if you surrender to your saoudi and quatari master you cant have much courage . 
  its offical , after france , the arab monarchies have bought europe too . 
  bow down to your new masters !!, 
  zero french citizens , only some islamists with french papers . 
  that it is a giant supermarket specialized in alcohols and tobacco . 
  giving a new name to this old idea dont make it any more reasonable nor urgent . 
  you should avoid every country that has a similar surveillance system then . 
  note : i heard iceland products are really expensive . 
  they should call it `` little brother '', 
  let me remind you about the `` rainbow warrior '', 
  this is not american , and is not a good ground to conspirationist theories ( french are not as valuable as jew or americans in these ) so this new is doomed to fail . 
  seriously , try to shout your way denouncing french imperialism is only way to laughters . 
  we even managed to intervene in libya and mali withouth raising any eyebrown . 
  it is retarded , we do the same thing to survey thoses that fly often to taliban aeras . 
  around 100 protesters only , is this a real country or not ??? 
  wait , if we can divert its presidential jet , i guess it isent . 
  well , i provided you with franch law , wich i believe is still inside eu . 
  feel free to provide me with others or not . 
  well , first i would n't trust wikipedia on such subject in such time , while many geek are going full rabids for snowden , you really can not trust it . 
  bu even with that , your definition of espionnage only involves classified information ( considered secret or confidential ) . 
  if the us is spying on suspected terrorist in france , this is not , by your definition espionnage ( not that i adhere to your definition ) in many countries , especially dictatorships , the simple fact to take a photo or to be part of a ngo can drive you to prison . 
  well , okay , but we were talking about eu . 
  as for french law , i believe , this is the one . 
  * as you can see , it mention that theses act are to be punished if done * in order to sucite hostility or agression against france * . 
  if usa are spying on a men with french papers for their security , its totally okay , if they are doing it against france , its not . 
  note that by the same definition , if snowden was frenh , he would be a spy ( giving information to forgein powers in horder to sucite hostility ), 
  i believe we take the right to do it to other country too . 
  and you too . 
  now . 
  please provide me again with said international law baning it . 
  i 'm pretty sure french agency has or take the right to hear wohever they want when it involves national security . 
  police also use it a lot . 
   broken international law could you provide me with said intelligence laws for reference , thanks . 
  seriously , if they scan my mail for terrorist keywords and check if i message adresses of know terrorists , i 'm okay with it . 
  anyway google is using it for commercial buisness , how could i be offended if it is also used for anti terrorism . 
  who need a leaked document for that , seriously . 
  if you like small and panoramics road , you can attempt to reach france by the coast ( via banyouls ) . 
  have a look on google map at it for the fun . 
  there are a lot of ponds then , have a look in at least one ( there should be an awesome viewpoint at s\u00e8te ) then i dont know much , but just a tip , if you want to have a look at monaco withouth entering it , you can stop in a strategic service aera over it . 
  so , what is infuriating all thoses people on the web is that the extent of the surveillance programms were bigger than they thought . 
  i heard there is a lot of good programmers in eastern europe . 
  because venezuella , cuba , russia , iran and china are all dictatorships that will use him as an exange coin or a political tool at best . 
   can only be used on individuals after a court order that the same thing the american believed . 
  you know , in france , the police has a list of data on many individuals , and it get regulary abused by policemen themselves . 
  after a newspaper published controversial info about a politician , police techs made a research to see who screened its data in the police file , and discovered that forty policeman did . 
  because they are probably the only country in europe withouth a similar system and hence can afford to denounce it withouth fear of any backfire . 
  or , more probably , beause their justice minister is not aware of their own system, 
  at least , a webcomic that will be finnish ( ed ), 
  your lessons seems right . 
  for long term , i would add , that living in paris , you dont need a car ( and would n't be able to use it anyway ) , living somewere else , you need one . 
  well , first , a wikipeia is not a fact , but i am not arguing that we are not protecting our language , i 'm just saying that its not the main reason for the exclusion of cultural goods . 
  i disagree on some things . 
  france is already on the market with spanish and italian wines , but france main asset in wine is its `` trademark '' . 
  sapnish wines are often better than french ones but dont sell as much as they are not `` french '' . 
  it is the same for cars , german cars , even if overpriced are sold easily because they have a reputation of quality . 
  our trademark shall be protected . 
  wines claiming to be from chamapgne will be prosecuted as if we would be if we would sell `` arizona beef '' . 
  protecting french language ... i 'm not sure its the main reason , i think it is more motivated by the interest of the very influent cultural circle . 
  as a rule of thumb , all political subects linking to youtube are bs . 
  i dont think that xboxes are build in usa . 
  anyway here are their export treemap http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/united_states_export_treemap.png, 
  well , its a good thing . 
  i dont think that american culutural goods will have any difficulties reaching europeans market due to their popularity . 
  this treaty will be a good thing for france if it applies to food and wine goods . 
  well , it is said on the official site : http://vosdroits.service-public.fr/particuliers/f15835.xhtml `` en cas de d\u00e9cision pr\u00e9fectorale d'irrecevabilit\u00e9 , d'ajournement ou de rejet de sa demande de naturalisation , l'int\u00e9ress\u00e9 dispose d'un d\u00e9lai de 2 mois suivant la notification de cette d\u00e9cision pour former un recours administratif pr\u00e9alable aupr\u00e8s du ministre charg\u00e9 de la naturalisation '' but again the naturalisation decision is a quite subjective one , and it is more usefull if your dossier was top notch but was unjustly rejected . 
  if your gf did study aboard but not for a french school , i doubt an appeal would be the better thing . 
  anyway , dont rely too much on me for counselling , as i dont know the dossier and am not an expert , but just a french with a little administrative knowledge . 
  and islamophobia sould be repalced by anti-salafism, 
  well , then it means you ( she ) want to becomme fully french as if you were born here . 
  it is possible to appeal , but i would n't do so . 
  reapplying with one year of residency added might be a better way to be accepted . 
  lots of thing are considered in a naturalisation , but it is finally the `` prefecture '' deciding if you are trully willing to be french ( and if you will not cause trouble but that goes withouth saying ) . 
  on what procedure did you apply ? 
  `` naturalisation '' and where ? 
  it is rumored to be easier in low populated aera than in big cities . 
  and soon paris east to paris west by the other side of the gloge . 
  it beat having to cross paris by subway when traveling from strasbourg to rennes . 
  next they 'll just patch a rotor to a jet and call it really fast helicopter . 
   europe solidarity yeah , we showed them in the irak war affair . 
  [ shmetterling !!!!, 
  ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m008pztyo41qgzxfho1_500.jpg ), 
  ready to apply ( bad ) english at the main working language , cause i aint going to spreche deutshe, 
  for france : le monde http://www.lemonde.fr/ it is the main and most efficient french newspaper . 
  plus , it has lots of very interesting blogs of experts or people living in other countries . 
  some are averages , but some are really good . 
  then you are saying its not demand but buisness icentives . 
  anyway , there is demand in spain , but every spain man that can buy a german car will buy it , and i am not taking about the cheap bmw/mercedes , but of audi and porshes . 
  one the other side , spain is a mostly agricultural and touristic region , as for grece by the way . 
  and you may have noted that a cuncunber is wayyy cheaper than the latest audi . 
  the main problem with spain and greece are that their products are crude goods , not industrial high values ones ... and hence read my first comment . 
  how can spain be a bad place to do buisness for lack of demand when germany is a good one ? 
  there are no commercial barriers within european union , you know . 
  spanish infrastructure dont strike me as impeding buisness . 
  or are you refering to the last century belief that printing and throwing mass money into public project help your economy ? 
  because it dosent . 
  for newspaper : la d\u00e9p\u00eache du midi http://www.ladepeche.fr/, 
  spanish and greeks move north due to their country being unindustrial and jobbless ftfy,
