  truly you should stop smoking whatever dried plant you talk of , i dont believe it does any good to your brain . 
  should you jump in a river when cornered by a fire ? 
  i dont think most french dislike usa . 
  sure the far right dislike them but they also dislike france anyway . 
  for the rest , well , i think it is more like they are unimpressed to the point that [ if they were invited to the white house they would pay no attention to the ceremonial and take a selfie like a tourist ] ( http://scd.france24.com/en/files/element_multimedia/image/selfie1.jpg ), 
  cold war 2 here we go !, 
  right , putin is fomenting war in europe , but we got to worry about one usa agent that went to moscow . 
  there was recently a bill that forced school to provide extrascholar activities and municipalities are free to provide basque lesson in them , just dont except the national level to provide fund for municipalities . 
  actually , many cities are protesting the bill because they have to pay for the activities ... go figure . 
  how one need to debunk such a retarded claim to begin with ? 
   pre-filled referendum ballot well , that way there is no error possible . 
  i dont think that seize has any matter on that question . 
  but on the other hand far right and communist parties are very vocal against europe and very active . 
  considering how they are also supporting on russia , i am starting to wonder , if that could be a russian operation to undermine the creaction of an europe that could threaten their imperialistic ambitions . 
  this belong in / r/conspiratard, 
  so , you are unimpressed , how about we see you on the field ... what oh , you can not because you are in the middle of europe ? 
  you know , we have a brand new helicopter carrier in dock , how about you take it and show us how you play ? 
  i 'll be glad that the other european countries would be pulling their weight and stop relying on france and uk . 
  actually , they often go to the un mission separating northern and southern cyprus . 
  well they had the choice as they had nuclear wepons . 
  but it is clear no one at that time could predict that russia would pull a sudetes in the future . 
  well , ukraine did have a military presence in its territory , but that didnt bother crimea . 
  they did a colossal error when they agreed to renounce to their nuclear weapons in exange of the budapest memorendum russia violated , and need nucelar detterance against russia . 
  they did also hint they would be ready to buy at market place , but as russia is still considering that yanoukovitch is the president , and that the new power hasent any legitimity , they first need to reetablish a new presidency to conduct the negociations . 
  it is a logical move . 
  i once saw a garbage treater fund a protest against a rival project to better carry its own . 
  the article about th\u00e9 guardian being raided by russian commentators with new accounts suggest the later . 
  thank / u/voldemarz from / r/ukrainianconflict i just reposted the tranlation . 
  if that is , this is not a good news at all . 
  if you consider that ukraine is in europe , you are more than close . 
  it is pretty obvious that propaganda and influence paly a good role , and considering how rt went , their watcher are simply not in the same world anymore , it is hence not suprising that more russian speaker are believing putin . 
  not likely if russia keep escalating the situation in ukraine . 
  well , i do think that a lot of europeans opinion on these subject shifted in the late weeks anyway . 
  you know that a good part of russian speaker are actually pro ukrainian ? 
  the pro russian are only defined by their support for a russian invasion . 
  some of us used to believe in santa claus ... apparently merkel still believe in putin . 
  how can you tell if it is not the usual anti western brigade or the snowtard one ? 
  probably some fallout from the period when half of them were russian i guess . 
  then dont bitch when baltic states are more relying on nato than on eu . 
  similary we had an operation in car and the only one that helped us were poland . 
  it is becoming more and more clear that europe is uk france and poland , the other dont really count . 
  there is hardly one country in europe less complice with russia than germany . 
  well if the eu had some balls they would not have to call usa when russia threaten them . 
  sadly you only see uk poland and france . 
  tell me how many germany or greek planes were sent to the baltic states ? 
  you have watched too much rt clearly, 
   the majority of the new far-right french mayors have decided to increase their own salaries , as well as those of their deputies . 
  i love the hypocrisy of these so called populists which denounce the politics in place but are the first to serve themselves . 
  well , unemployement is also a form of social exclusion and is a terrible waste of talents and motivation , morover , it hold people in fear of losing their job and creat a lack of opportunities . 
  i am actually for a finely tuned minimum wage that would be optimised to reduce unemployement , and not for the fight at all cost till the system break . 
  considering that in paris you can get a job pretty easily but not living with a minimum wage , and how other part of the country are pretty cheap but withouth job , i would advocate a more locally defined minimum wage . 
  a simple rule , where there is unemployement , the minimum wage decrease , and when rent are expensive , it increase . 
  well , if the minimum wage is not tuned to accomodate the unemployement , you will soon be in the unregulated world you are painting , but refusing to see the situation is just denial . 
  well , syndicalists were too much holding to unsustainable advantages that when the social structure of our country is going to break , it is going to break hard indeed . 
  think of the taxi drivers , they protested against new licences and stayed undernumbered for the demand . 
  they protested and holded to their advantage to the point that their system was shortcuted by private cars . 
  they are now suffering big losses as they counted their licences prices as capital , but pulled too much from them that it broke . 
  in the same way , our high unemployement is fuelled by the fact that our syndicalists are holding the minumum wage even if they are a lot of unemplyed . 
  if they can not see the harm they do in our country and tune the minimum wage to reduce unemployement , the system will break with undeclared worker , exange of work ( woofing ) and internships . 
  in fact , it has already started to break . 
  they can either start to tune down to recover with a more adapted minimum wage , or fight till the system break . 
  they choose the second . 
  it is clear that we are still in a post ww2 mentality , and a lot of old people and syndicalists are playing against their side , refusing anything because they see themselves as fighters against changes . 
  some managers are still very hierarchical and conservative too . 
  it kind of remember the world wars , when most of the usa citizens were isolationist and did not want to take direct action . 
  portugal wtf ? 
  he was actually in yanoukovitch party , but didnt support ukraine split . 
  this act come just after a pro ukranian rally was organised in his town, 
   as he closed in on the tail of the german fighter , karubin realised that his hurricane had run out of ammunition . 
  rather than turning back to base , he closed the distance and climbed right above the german fighter . 
  the german pilot was so shocked to see the underside of the hurricane within arm 's reach of his cockpit that he instinctively reduced his altitude to avoid a collision and crashed into the ground comfirmed as badass, 
  maybe because it is quite a strategic location , from google map , there seem to be lakes west and east , and it is in the middle of the kharkiv-donesk road . 
  [ russia returning to the negociations ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/25/russia-offers-proposal-resolve-ukraine-crisis ), 
  i meant socialists policies like giving benefits , wellfare and subsidies , and high minimum wage ; not communist ones . 
  on the other hand , their socialist policies , while giving money to poor and unemployed , have brought a lot of unemployement , and this is the failure of socialists policies . 
  far right come when there is unemployement , not when there is poor worker like in germany . 
  well , for my country , we can actually asses that the main far right party had increased links with russia in the recent year . 
  [ paywalled article ] ( http://www.mediapart.fr/journal/france/190214/les-reseaux-russes-de-marine-le-pen ) ; [ other artcile ] ( http://www.slate.fr/story/75047/russie-fn ) . 
  given how they are anti-european , and how an unified europe would be a nightmare for russia , i would not rule out russian support for destabilisation of europe . 
  ( even if there are basis factors like immigration criminality and other , it is pretty granted that russia is supporting these movement , and that this party is closely following russian interests . ), 
  [ harry 's place remark that russian rhetoric has shifted from painting maidan as nazi to painting them as jews ] ( http://hurryupharry.org/2014/04/24/in-ukraine-the-return-of-the-black-hundreds/ ), 
  there is a post in ukranian conflict [ about russian occupying kindergarden to pressure parents ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/23ut54/unconfirmed_selfproclaimed_slovyansk_mayor/ ), 
  actually , they did use violence agianst politicians that were opposed to them . 
  i would have said fascists , but that was already taken by putin . 
  your flag is in contradiction with your sentence . 
  i like how you lefted out the line with * can protect a neighbouring nation *, 
  while i would support it , there is a strong anti israel feeling in the muslim population in europe . 
  also , some leftists are seduced by these rhetoric , and far right is just basically antisemitic . 
  so i think israel sohuld n't be in europe , but we should have good relation with them as they were never hostile against us . 
  it is also basically the same in france , and you also do get a lot of downvotes for stating it . 
  sometime , it is hard to tell the difference . 
  in france , at least both extremists parties have blatant similarities and often takes each others narrative , such as pro inflation policies and accusations of collusion between other parties that are at the borderline of conspiracies theories . 
  the left wing extremist even copied the right wing `` front national '' by rebranding themselves `` front de gauche '', 
  to be fair , conspiracy theory are actually often propaganda tools . 
  see [ operation inefktion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_infektion ) by exemple . 
  [ pro-ukraine activists defy harassment to rally in town on russian border ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/21/ukraine-activists-rally-khartsyzk-russia-joe-biden ), 
  considering how it is getting occupied by russian forces , i think it is safe to assume it is one of these eastern european country . 
  considering how the russian were quick to use the ceckpoint shooting to exacerbate tensions , it should be obvious they have no intent of desescalating . 
  georgia , armenia and azerbadjan are more in caucasus to me .
