  surveillance , is a tool . 
  totalitarism is absolute the obligation to foolow a certain line of thinking ( even speaking against the power is a crime ) surveillance , when it is used to reprimand this speech is part of that totalitarism , but social pressure and religion can also be used . 
  as stated in this letter , 1984 ( the book ) was about totalitarism and thruth deformation , not surveillance . 
  this whole gibraltar affair is already a sad joke anyway . 
  i prefer poultrily produced eggs if you dont mind . 
  well , time to cut the funds . 
  considering your own surveillance program , i dont think that statement will change anything to your country reputation . 
  how come we never hear the cereal farmers complain ? 
  english is often enough . 
  and it will serve you in other part of the world aswell . 
  i 'm saying that saying the pro ogm are claiming or implying agronomic companies are purely philantropist is an hell of a strawman . 
  actually , by making so poor statement , you are doing more harm to the anti gmo cause than any company could phantom to afford . 
   ( and it gives the impression that ) gmo companies are all about discovery , about increasing human knowledge and about trying to better our understanding of the universe ow , i 've never seen a strawman of this quality before . 
  its more the artificial thing . 
  in france , most attacks against gmo crops were directed at france public research facilities , so even if they claim to be fighting monsanto , ecologist are an natural ally of monsanto as they managed to stop or discourage french public research , leaving an open field , so to speak , to monsanto . 
  yeah , planes tickets and stuff are still okay . 
  when you travel for your job , it is normal that your company pay you your tickets . 
  but figures that french mp can have two assitants , wich are often from his family . 
  in addition to their remuneration , french mp have fund they can give to whatever public project they like . 
  up to 12 millions euros for bernard aquoyer . 
  try to beat that if you can . 
  haha , its a funny story ; we had a signle 75 mm cannon , and used to trail it to differents position to make you believe we had superior forces . 
  it has a bad habit of giving parts of its allies to its ennemies to slow them down . 
  hum , actually we did beat you . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_invasion_of_france http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kufra_%281941%29, 
  it is said , in anglophones circles , just because we lost a war against germany , that france isent a fierce military power , but a bunch of cowards ... 
  nothing could be more false we dont suck at war , we rock . 
  first read some report about how an amercian was surprised at our eagerness to fight in afghanistan http://fr.reddit.com/r/combatfootage/comments/1j1r3n/great_article_on_french_troops_in_afghanistan/ then remember how we did settle count with kaddafy and took care of this malian turmoil . 
  simple and clean . 
  as a walk in ivory coast . 
  while amercian are struggling in afghanistan and irak , we know how to settle problems . 
  jeanne d'arc was not really epic . 
  okay , she was a woman , thats peculiar , but she led only an average reconquest war on her soil . 
  nope , that would not be usefull . 
  first , lets take for granted that a full attack on an eu member will be met by all its member , including two nucelar powers , plus and their nato allies ( that mean you ) any conventional but multinational response could use nato standard and procedures by the way . 
  now , if we were on a twilligt zone , as if an oversea territory was attacked ( like falkland ) or if we needed to save an ally ( like mali ) or needed to respond to a terrorist group ( like afghanistan ) , or even just wanted to protect a trade route ( like the tanker war ) , it would be a really hard matter to make this common army move . 
  as much as i would like to see this one day , this is simply not posssible withouth a political leadership . 
  although it is a develloped democratic country , it is not in europe . 
  there are truly many strike in france . 
  we are not overhlmed by them , but there is quite a lot nonetheless . 
  well , inflationist policies he supported were so bad in germany , that they are vaccinated about them and die-hard support of a strong euro, 
  you cant compare north ireland and other separatists political branch to the political branch of hezbollah . 
  the separatists had a political branch that supported peacefull mean to achieve autonomy . 
  the political branch of the hezbollah is just the support of their military , enduring they can harvest some money from lebanon . 
  they have no negociation with israel in sight and just want to prepare and conduct war . 
  and to my knowledge , the south african opposition didnt have a hobby of placing bomb all over the world . 
  i dont think that you can put keynes and germany in the same sentence . 
  i agree , it will be alsmost as effective as the israeli sanction thing . 
  thats good , mali intervention showed how our little drone fleet was higly insufficiant . 
  plus sending fighters to destroy toyotas isent really efficient . 
  yeah , because on the other side , they care a lot about civilian . 
  ... did you know , the bostonians marathonians , the toulouse childrens , the london bus users were actually military in disguise . 
  well , i put the eu flair in the french sub , and i felt it would be odd to have an eu flair in the french sub and a french flag in the eu sub . 
  plus maybe it will finally make us realize how we need to etablish an eu diplomacy . 
  implementing sanction at the same time against the hezbolli terrorists and the israelis products is a way to end alone . 
   if you 're so naive as to think spy drones would be used solely abroad to `` keep us safe '' , i believe you have been living under a rock for the past two months . 
  funny think , i discussed with an user like you in a french thread and asked him repeateadly what are the drones in pakistan and yemen used for if not to fight islamists , and he cant come with a decent response . 
  can you ? 
  what is funny is that this news is just following an other : after the tragic br\u00e9tigny train crash , there was rumors of `` youth '' pillaging the victims and throwing stones at the policemen . 
  * france : after the tragic railway crash at br\u00e9tigny , rumors of pillages were heard , but quickly dismissed by main media and politics . 
  however , these have been confirmed by police sources . 
  * in trappes , riot erputed over the interpellation of an islamist http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgpqzmm3e40, 
  france : history , carl marx and communism . 
   i did n't say that was the actual agreement , that was your claim  still , the leadership at the time did agree to stop . 
  it just is n't the same parties in power today , what with hamas controlling one part etc. 
  i recall lots of agreement being put on the table , but being refused by one side or the other . 
  if there is a real agreement , it would be very usefull if you provided it . 
   you might have misunderstood . 
  i said their mentality was in a war like state . 
  they feel surrounded and under attack . 
  so if you 're not their friend , without conditions , you 're an enemy . 
  though other israelis realize what they 're doing is playing the game . 
  to me , with all the anti israeli in france , i cant really blame them for considering that a part of our nation is their ennemy . 
  though we should be allies nonetheless , as our ennemies are also their ennemies . 
  ( as exemple , most of france arabs are both anti israel and anti france ), 
  then if they could n't honor these treaties , why did they sign them ? 
   in what war ? 
  there is no enemy . 
  islam is n't the enemy ( ? ), 
  you ca n't seriously suggest afghanistan was an enemy `` state '' . 
  there was no real state to fight . 
  just some extremists and a few terrorists . 
  it was you who said they were in a state of war . 
  it seem plausible to me . 
   that 's all , because they 're our friend ? 
  according to that logic should n't we also embrace the us ' foreign invasions ? 
  no , israel is abusing our friendship . 
  i read israeli newspapers regularly and it 's a different mentality . 
  they 're at war . 
  we are allies and not friends . 
  they are at war and we are on the same side . 
  as we are on america side too in afghanistan , and while irak war was contested mostly because it was a bad decision , it did not affect military cooperation , as you can see in libya , afghanistan , mali ...  is n't it fair that we tell them to stop when they 're breaking every agreement made ? 
  the expansion around jerusalem is literally so obvious that it 's comical . 
  dident most of these agrrement also mention a stop of palestinian terrorism by chance ? 
  were they signed by both ( or more ) side ? 
  well , there are many situation in the world . 
  the burmese genocide , the non muslims in every muslim state . 
  but if the eu did issue this statement is only to please theyr arab masters . 
  of course this is an exageration , and i dont imply that they did litterally bought europe , but while our interest would be to support a fellow western state , they took this absurde claim to please some arabs countries . 
   how do you reconcile the 1947 un partition resolution with the present situation ?
