  well , that was the narrative of the far left group willing to undermine our interior minister ... until it was revealed he was actually beaten by a drug gang , and hence the cause of his dead was a too strict policy but the fact that whole aera in suburb are ruled by drug gangs . 
  i was under the impression that ethnic tensions in this part of europe had diminished , but it only come from seing less bad news from here . 
  moldavia ukraine and georgia partially occupied . 
  putin helping far right movements rising in western europe but oh no the american spying agency is working with the gerrman agency ... 
  if we need one thing right now it is more counter intelligence capablities . 
  especially to neutralise the forgein influence in some political parties . 
  well , they are also killing jews in your museums . 
  ^ ^ yes , ^ ^ i ^ ^ know ^ ^ he ^ ^ was ^ ^ `` from '' ^ ^ our ^ ^ country, 
  armenia is also in a difficult position and transdinestria barely exist . 
  well geopolitically they did gain some clay and managed to explain to their associates that they hadent any interest in disobeing them so it is not a total loss for them . 
  do you equal a civil mass protest with the attack of a few armed groups with russian weapons and supporters ? 
  does he mean radar support ? 
  cause shooting a transport plane in the night is a lot more than a passing helicopter at low altitude . 
  made quite a fuss on / r/ukrainianconflict ... until it erupted it was a footage from elsewhere and long ago . 
  well america contributed to the liberation of western europe while ussr did not contribute to the liberation of eastern europe . 
  because eu did negociate to refund the bank a portion of the debt , and when the credit are already tagged as having a 50 % of chance to be honoured , having a 60 % refund is a good operation . 
  to sum it up , it wasent free . 
  well there is little constitency on making \u00e0 `` fournee '' or batch of three artists moreover it is not used in formal speak ... only in slangs, 
  ukraine and georgia seem pretty real to me, 
  at one point chian will want to carry out buisness in kosovo and will act like it is a country even if they dont formally recognise it . 
  well cyprus is not recognized by turkey and it did pose no problems . 
  china will tacitely recognize kosovo to carry out buisness and russia will refuse any cooperation with ue as it would apply to kosovo . 
  there will be two option in the referendum : * rename the city as stalingrad * return to the name of 1960, 
  in french we often talk about munich 's spirit when people are too afraid to resist an agression , and believe they can treat with a man set on destroying them ... as the allied countries thought they could save peace if they did let hitler take the sudetes ... wich only made him more confident that he could get away with the invasion of poland . 
  first missiles and apc , now tanks and air force ... would you still believe they are not russian when they will uncover a cruiser . 
  in russia you dont argue with women . 
  in soviet europe , women argue you !, 
  wich is what we need against russia . 
  a more acceptable plan would be to keep projection forces as national prerogatives , but merge defensive commands . 
  many air forces already share missions of sky policing we could also build a unifed domestication air force to begin with . 
  well i guess that psycologically it show russia that lithuania is part of europe . 
  moreover if ... err when russia invade a country they stop the use of the local money and introduce ruble . 
  they would have a hard time convincing people to ditch a solid widely used currency for their own . 
  and asking the banks to stop using euros would be ridiculous . 
  lithuania is in our sphere of influence and we wont allowing them to do that !, 
  launch the spontanous pro russian self defense divisions !, 
  like europeans intelligence agency working on actual threats . 
  except that we have to pay high wages to our soldiers while russia conscripti them . 
  you can not deduce military power from spending . 
   that 's one weird-ass analogy you made there quite literally, 
  actually considering russian tactics in ukraine , we should boost intelligence and counter spying to deter any action from pro russian groups in europe wich might be a high threat of sabotage or political action to undermine the solidarity in the face of a potential attack on a single european country . 
  what the hell !, 
  well the sad thing is that europe is not able to shift its military forces as we are confronted with a threat . 
  european leader should take themselves in charge and put up a common defense force where it is needed . 
  well it is clear that putin has some pressure over her as she went to moscow to textually repeat the russian official rhetoric . 
  there is no denying to the fact that the far right is mainly helped by other events but it is well know how ussr used to literally command and fund the french communists party . 
  well if you assume that europe would put up a unifed front you would be right ... but my point is that if putin manage to place some traitors in power in western europe he might shallow poland while the rest stay out of the fight . 
  for france we know le pen is his puppet and he may have other pawns in europe . 
  well not if they advance using asymetric warfare and manage to put russian aligned anti-european far right parties in western europe . 
  well eu is usually called first but no one answer when it is time to take action . 
  without a european army we will have to rely on nato, 
  actually , the jets were called as the border guard were attacked . 
  luhansk popular republic announced that one of their minister died in the attack . 
  [ ukrainian conflict thread ] ( http://fr.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/274ed4/prime_minister_of_prl_natalya_arkhipova_minister/ ), 
  quite fitting for russia new vassal, 
   do you think putin personally paid oh wow ... what a stupid answer . 
  clearly whatever agency he is using to astrosurf should review their requierements . 
  i do think that with puttin supported regimes in western europe , he hope to get a good chunk of russia former empire back in eastern europe . 
  moreover , if the european union would finalise , he would have a rival power next to him . 
  despite the youngs leaning into poker and tarot , [ belote ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belote ) is largely the most popular card game in france i think . 
  we can critcise the way they underestimated russia agressivity , but you are wrong to consider europe is the cause of the crisis when russia is basically rebuilding ussr with belaruss and kazakstan , and if the ukranian didnt rebel , ukraine would be a part of it too . 
  it is not so much a reaction to europe proposition of cooperation than the following of his plan to restore russian influence , and not by soft power . 
  what are you saying ? 
  russia was the one trying to integrate them in thier eurasiatic union not thinking what they might think about it !, 
  it is more like she dont care about ukraine but say whatever putin want her to say . 
  i guess there could be a mundane debate as if he is considered not french before considering himself in opposition to the french society or the opposite but it is an `` egg or chicken '' sort of question . 
  on thing to consider is that unemployement is high in france and any youth could find himself excluded as he wont be able to find any job . 
  actually , i hear that the most radicals are not immigrants but either second generation or converts . 
  yeah , that football and corruption . 
  victims killed * jews 5.9 million * soviet pows 2 -- 3 million * ethnic poles 1.8 -- 2 million * romani 220,000 -- 1,500,000 * disabled 200,000 -- 250,000 * freemasons 80,000 -- 200,000 * slovenes 20,000 -- 25,000 * homosexuals 5,000 -- 15,000 * jehovah 's witnesses 2,500 -- 5,000 * spanish republicans 7000, 
  germanny is often portrayed as a liberal hell by european socialists , but seem to be the one resisting more to far right while it rise in countries with minimum wage , wellfare and unemployement . 
  if one was to look at the situation , the far right rise is not created by liberalism but by the lack of liberalism . 
  collaboration also did attract people . 
  and some were in the resistance not because they were fighting the nazi ideology , but because they fought the german invasion . 
  they actually manage to attract people who want less immigrant while they keep their historic jew hater base . 
  a bit like if there was a leftist party that attracted people wanting social democrat policies while keeping the stalinists . 
  historically france was mainly thinking on having enough manpower to resist germany, 
  russia can not foment trouble in many places at the same time . 
  the timing is pretty good . 
  protip : if you are next to russia and want to reduce the russian threat , it is the good moment to joint nato . 
  well , would it be possible to collect this power so we wouldnt need gas to begin with ? 
  though i have to understand why an animal relying on sound would even remotely approach a giant noise generating windmill . 
  special bats indeed . 
  well , green groups say they kill bats and birds , and most people dont like to see them . 
  but we also have very conveniant anti nuclear and anti shale gas group . 
  we even have some anti-windmill groups but no anti fossil fuel import group . 
  i just used the same type of insinuation that him . 
  just saying . 
  we often hear it about private life of public figures and insults . 
  but i understand that sometime your kind can become quite obsessed by jews . 
  just saying . 
  and he will do it next week again . 
  you can not be a friend of russia . 
  you can obey russia , but dont count on russia to considerate you if you have trouble , on the contrary , count on them to backstab you . 
  come to think of it , russia behave kinda like a mafia boss , stabing whoever disobey them . 
  one would have to be suicidal or deseperate to move closer to russia . 
  well some month ago everybody was convinced they would not attack ukraine and look where we are . 
  while it is true that marinne is less reliant of the antisemitic root of the front national , most of its member are more or less anti jews . 
  what ??? 
  antisemitism is at the core of the fn and the reason why they love this man !,
