  or football hooligans, 
  well , while the troubles are going , it would be kind of inneficient to let them go back to russia so they could rearm and fight in ukraine again . 
  that would be like the first war with respawns . 
  ukraine will have a lot of russian prisonniers , so the russians may be planing to acquire ukrainian prisoniers for a future exange . 
  wich is totally not what he implied . 
  he implied that jews are good with money in line with antisemitic cliche of jews being bankers hard bargainner or scammer ( or even controling world finance for conspiracy theorists ) , and no one of this antisemitic group seriously considered having a jew in their finance as they surely belive those things . 
  he just made a racist joke with antisemtic cliches . 
  you are either a troll or you seriosuly consider [ educating yourself ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antisemitism#economic_antisemitism ), 
  so you are not aware it is related to belief that jew are greedy and money grabbing ? 
  and dont say it was not openly stated : in my comparaison i never openly stated that muslim were terrorist , but talked about their proeficiency at demolotion work . 
  exactly the same thing . 
  so working ethically is insulting to you ? 
  i do think that if in a city council they needed to destroy of a building and someone suggested hiring arab because they are good at bringing down towers it would be a better exemple , and a muslim in the room would take offense to it . 
  or you can take an exemple with christian and abuse , and it would be as offensive . 
  france 's le pen was often received in moscow by deputies but that is no proof at any rate . 
  however , when putin was looking for support , she went to moscow and repeated the exact russian official position . 
  looked pretty much like putin gave her an order . 
  putin is either paying or blackmailing her . 
  funny how you praise freedom of speech for far right 's hate speech but seem very angered by anti racist speech . 
  seem like you are indeed a far right user but a very delusional one, 
  yet you were cozy with the far right rhetoric in / r/france but at least you seem as agressive as i remember . 
  the way you treat me of collabo for not hating jews may just be an other connitive dissonance in your far right views as you already try to pass as far right resistance against liberal values though . 
  freedom is not free, 
  surprisingly niczar is more of a far right user . 
  the one on the right dosent seem happy at all, 
  it indeed seem a bit more complicated than i thought . 
  victor hugo perhaps  a day will come when all nations on our continent will form a european brotherhood ... a day will come when we shall see ... the united states of america and the united states of europe face to face , reaching out for each other across the seas . 
  and that was in 1849, 
  too soon, 
  well , they also had to mobilise themselves to repel the russian invasion , that may build a nationhood feeling . 
  the army that was underequiped while power loyal bekrut militia had top gear will now be considered as the garant of their country sovereignity and people know they aslo have to rely on themselves to stay free . 
  were they in the russian bloc in an other way ? 
  the whole of europe you mean ? 
  at first no one had really a grasp of intra yougoslavian affairs that used to be a varsaw pact nation and even if some intellectuals like bernard henry levy became famous for protesting the human rights abuse back there it appeared more like a forgein war to us . 
  moreover the initial un mmissions had not the tools to resolve the situation . 
  the blue helmets not allowed to use their weapons to conduct offensive proved that goodwill was not enough to save people but that you needed firepower and the resolve to use it . 
  i dont know who is responsible for the un inadequate mandate though . 
  ** local ** self defense force please . 
  and they will conduct a referendum leaving them the choice between annexation and return to 1920 status . 
   also they blame politicians in poland , lithuania and ukraine who dare to remind the world that kaliningrad was called k\u00f6nigsberg not so long ago . 
  when russia invade crimea because it was russian not so long ago , they also show how kalilingrad was european not so long ago . 
  i dont think it is a warning as speaking about troubles is less efficient than silencing them , but it may be a way to blame them on forgeiners with a narrative about ukranian coming to get them . 
  at this rate , ukrainians will soon replace the bogeymen in russian childrens tales . 
  what , are you still upset about hms sheffield ? 
  actually it is already satirical i think . 
  as our m\u00e9dical system was blocked by corporatists limits on medical students , the immigration of doctors helped reduce the lack of them . 
  on the other hand i hear that many farmers went to poland or romania to profit from the cheap terrain . 
  right now , considering the increasing russian threat i say we need a defense organisation . 
  well even if we can doubt usa resolve considering they only inflicted sanctions as russian attack ukraine , we must remember it is better than what eu did . 
  so , not worthless but they should not rely on it alone for their defense and build local military cooperation too . 
  the thing is he wanted ukraine to go with his prot\u00e9g\u00e9 and not with filthy infidel so he had to carry out an honor crime . 
  if you were a sexy intern , he loved you too . 
  clearly hollande idea of making public administrations accept subsided contracts to curb unemployement was not a great idea . 
   this centrury this decade, 
  yeah i clearly remember the american invading brittanny as we protested the irak war . 
  well russia behave like a mafia boss . 
  they make you an offer you can not accept , burn your house , then make you an offer you can not refuse . 
  in other related news , 100 % of russian leader oppose ukranian bases in ukraine . 
  pohh , russian spying ? 
  who care . 
  activists are only interested in snowden somehow . 
  novorussia you mean ? 
  countries with only one word are dull . 
  you have to be kingdom of something , union of someting or republic or something . 
  even cooler dudes call themselves people republic of something or democratic republic of something / s, 
  it is often overlooked but in th\u00e9 70 's there wad many pogrom which did force the jews out of the north african countries they used to live in . 
  since economy, 
  i guess we could put an asterix on it saying how swizerland , norway and belaruss are not included . 
  well , then you see how a parade is not about simply about affirming one 's minority . 
  i could have used carnival instead of military parade . 
  well , only because you associate it with gay prides . 
  there are also military parades , does that makes you think military are something bizarre and rare ? 
  well , considering how we are more about our whole continent than america is , we could just call ourself europe . 
  on the other hand , `` european union '' is pretty much in use and could stay as our name . 
  i dont think that you can separate artificial and natural homosexuality . 
  at best , lets say that you have a flat gay rate of 10 % in a society ( random number for the sake of demonstration ) and let say that the parades increase this rate by 5 % , then how about making heterosexual parades to affect the rate in the other way ? 
  plus , parades of sexy girls , how would anyone not jump on this idea , i mean are you gay or what ? 
  homosexuality was already present in antiquity and roman texts mention it a lot ( even if there was a lot more bisexuality because having one homosexual relation did not make you considered as gay ) . 
  harems relied on lesbian relation and although homosexuality was frowned up on as christianity took over , it seem it was always in the society . 
  while you can consider it should be repressed or not , considering it an artificial thing wont bring you nowhere . 
  so if you remember a world where homosexuality was never here you are probably indeed from a parallel universe , 
  then how about they try to spread heterosexuality with parades full of sexy girls and free sex instead !, 
   but not the people who spread it . 
  how can one * spread * it ? 
  it is unpopular . 
  moreover far left and far right are campaigning against any european construction and i am not talking about forgein interest . 
  if we want that , we would need a lot of ressource and manpower to convinced people they are europeans an and need a federation while politically fighting these forces . 
   in the last 150 years as a french i really dont mind their intervention in both world wars and russia would not either . 
  if anything happen you are best with it anyway . 
  for ukraine wich is even not a nato member sanctions are better than nothing . 
  they are not whole but withouth usa they would be gone . 
  if it dont invade you when upset then it is already worth a lot more than russia, 
  no ... she might win against melanchon but in this scenario no one could get a majority in the chamber and people would start to protest this extremists rule anyway . 
  sarkozy is not pro eu ... 
  he is pro himself . 
  he will use it when he can use it to inflate his ego and trash it when it can help him . 
  he recently did put france participation to shengen in question . 
  there is no chance of a le pen victory even against sarkozy . 
  even if she did win the second round because normal parties were divided and she was against a far left candidate no one wanted to vote for , most people would not accept her autority and we would be basically in a civil war . 
  well , considering there is already one in russia , i dont think so .
