`` we may only be 70th in the whos international health care rankings ... but dang do we have a nice new palace . '', 
  to be fair , who does n't like deep fried shit and cajun ? 
  jesus god no . 
  essex is never the place to go . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  why is that a magic number ? 
  shockingly they got a lower portion of the vote in wales than ukip . 
  i still ca n't wrap my head around that . 
  out of interest , does anyone ? 
  your comment makes it sound like an american only problem , but i ca n't really imagine how it would work with modern jets . 
  ca n't really think of anything i 'd gain by moving to the us that i ca n't already get by subscribing to sky atlantic ( if i was actually willing to give money to murdoch ) and netflix . 
  i 'm much more likely to move to the continent over here . 
  second place . 
  damn you norway , why 'd you have to be included ? 
  probably they just thought sweden was covered by the `` leftist homo neo-nazi 's '' bit . 
  the sentence usually begins with , `` do n't look so impressed with yourself ... '', 
  my wife always tells me it 's not how big you are , it 's how you use it . 
  while i agree with the general principle , it 's worth noting that walkers have such market domination here that many smaller shops only sell walkers crisps . 
  that was amazing . 
  it was like a sci-fi horror movie . 
  those numbers are all over the place . 
  best ignore them i reckon . 
  the problem is , how many places do poor roast beef vs good roast beef ? 
  my guess is that it 's about 10:1 , poor to good , in terms of numbers sold in the pubs and other eateries . 
  actually , now that i reflect on it , its probably even worse than that . 
  it 's a hard one to do well , to be fair , at the restaurant level anyway . 
  any place that 's trying to serve lots of customers will run the risk of serving beef that 's either over done or has gone cold . 
  much easier to do roast chicken or pork ( lamb is hard as well ) . 
  i 'd like to believe that . 
  i supported independence the first time round . 
  this time i 'm more nervous . 
  it 's pretty unlikely that scotland would be able to get independence and then rejoin the eu before the uk can leave though . 
  in fact , i 'd wager that it 'll be some years before an independent scotland would be able to join the eu . 
  businesses will have made other arrangements by that point , i would think . 
   saying the war in algeria was legitimate and that algeria was an integral part of france is a joke it actually is a joke in au service de la france ( on netflix ) . 
  there 's an episode called l'algerie , c'est la france . 
  i would n't say it would be pointless . 
  the last referendum was so close that it could easily swing the other way if run again , even without any new treaty . 
  unless you mean that you think it 's pointless because the government would n't run a second referendum unless there was a deal offered that addressed freedom of movement ? 
  i suppose that 's probably true . 
  lisbon and then porto . 
  i admit that we did n't really need to queue for anything in lisbon . 
  in porto the bus queues in particular were excellent , but also the shops were good ( unless there were a lot of french tourists around ) . 
  now i 'm daydreaming about this little roast pork sandwich in porto . 
  they had a nice orderly queue and then the best sandwiches i 've ever tasted . 
  i 'm just back from portugal and my wife and i thought the same of the portuguese . 
  you guys seemed to his the sweet spot between friendly and respectful of personal boundaries , and everybody seemed keen to be helpful . 
  also , you queue just as well as the brits , which is a major point in your favour . 
  there were also lots of old ladies sitting outside their homes and napping in alfama . 
  we thought it was rather nice to be honest . 
  if it is any consolation , i just asked around in my office and only one other person , of the nine i asked , knew the difference . 
  balance is restored . 
  i 'm confused , is this not something that is widely understood in spain ? 
  i knew about the different j sounds between portuguese and spanish and i 'm english , probably the most linguistically ignorant people in europe . 
  completely irrelevant aside , but the phrase is `` on tenterhooks '' . 
  i used to make the same mistake until i saw it written down . 
  i did . 
  loved it both times . 
  you wildly exaggerate . 
  i 've had two mid-summer holidays to ireland and for half of one of those it did n't rain during the day . 
  you know , not everything is about america . 
  i do n't give two shits who 's winning in swimming , i just think it 'd be fairer to athletes in other sports if there were a bit less swimming at the olympics to bring them towards parity . 
  since 1980 , 32 % of the instances of a single competitor winning multiple gold medals have been in swimming ( and it 's still 31 % if you take phelps out of the equation ) . 
  the next best is gymnastics with 13 % . 
  i think that 's definitely a sign that there are too many swimming events . 
  um , bristol is the sixth or seventh largest city in england ( depending on how you count ) and the second wealthiest , per capita , among the large cities . 
  it 's one of the best cities in which to start a restaurant . 
  i do n't know how it stands now , but when i first moved here it had more cafes and restaurants per square mile than paris . 
  anyway , there 's no reason to be defensive . 
  my , `` is this so ? '', 
  was not rhetorical , i am actually curious to hear more about the food scene over there . 
  i thought it had a pretty good reputation , especially for food . 
  it must be really awesome for it to be underrated , 
   ... great food , ... is this so ? 
  we had a transylvanian restaurant pop up in my city ( bristol - uk ) and it was without doubt the worst meal i 've ever paid for . 
  chunks of chewy pork fat sat on top of un-seasoned polenta . 
  i 'm a big foodie and often pick holiday destinations with trying the local food in mind , so that experience biased me against romania . 
  edinburgh was awesome , really loved that city . 
  in london my asthma flares up something awful and i want to leave as soon as possible . 
  the royal albert hall is a fantastic venue for shows though , and london does have some of the best museums in the world , so it 's not all bad . 
  are you sure that 's a true story and not an apocryphal one ? 
  i do n't remember the details anymore but there was a story circulating a few years ago , about civilian stopping a would-be mass shooter in the states , that turned out to be a fabrication . 
  people in other european countries are concerned about being left behind vs. the progress of their neighbours . 
  meanwhile , we 're looking for the reverse gear ... 
  i knew someone would mention him but i was always taught that he was just for novels . 
  i 'm confused , is there another voice one can use when reading things from the internet ? 
  there is a lot of detail on that wiki page , all things considered . 
  i suppose i should n't be surprised . 
  fact that i find interesting : more people have scaled everest than have successfully swam across the channel . 
  it 's bloody difficult . 
  **** same as it ever was ... 
  this place was really cool . 
  i spent a day there on my honeymoon . 
  there was a little restaurant that was fully booked but the staff made an effort to squeeze us in on an extra table outside . 
  we ate the best risotto i 've ever tasted , made with fish from the lagoon . 
  good times . 
  my wife and i are cone'ers , if i can coin that term , here in bristol . 
  i think the majority of my friends are cone'ers too , though its not something that comes up in conversation all that frequently and i have n't exactly been keeping notes . 
  i do remember that my friend from derby is a gone'er , funnily enough .
