then the french would just get treated poorly , because they 're french and our local french are either just assholes ( quebecois ) or dirty inbred drunks who ca n't even speak french right ( creoles ) , and at least where i live , there is a very large mexican population , and there is some serious animosity between the mexicans and the french as well . 
  germans , brits , spaniards , italians , irishmen , poles , czechs , dutch , danes , scandinavians - you guys 'd be celebrities , as most people can trace lineage to you in some way ( except maybe spaniards among the mexicans , there 's little love lost there too ) . 
  only problems ' be the french , but they can just stand in the corner awkwardly the whole time . 
  you guys 'd probably get treated as celebrities by locals , especially in the more rural areas . 
  nobody would be upset , because the only way a european convoy would ever be moving through the us is if the us allowed it to happen . 
  everybody 'd want to meet our allied soldiers and show them american hospitality . 
  ... unless of course you 're french . 
  then you 'd probably be shunned , though not resisted . 
  most people do n't have a high opinion of the french in the us . 
  pretty much . 
  hence why they 're there . 
  in the 50 's and 60 's , they were roughly , but the ussr never developed the power projection that the us had , so they pulled away from them quite quickly and grew to surpass them . 
  the us has always been the `` stronger '' of the two , but that strength can be negated in certain environments and in certain places . 
  the us and soviet proxy wars were as much dictated by local customs and societies as they were their respective war machines , with the us sometimes succeeding and the ussr sometimes succeeding depending on the circumstances . 
  the us and soviet military doctrines are also pretty radically different : the us has , in various forms throughout its history as a nation , always focused more on precision assaults , lighting raids , the rapid application of overwhelming force to cripple the enemy and prevent them from mounting a coherent defense ( heavily influenced by their ancestral foes , the native americans ) . 
  the soviets , while no strangers to lighting warfare ( being descended from steppe peoples ) , have usually favored attrition , grinding siege tactics , and massed infantry , cavalry , and later armored assaults , because throughout russias history , the most plentiful resource russia had was manpower . 
  this mindset transferred over into their military hardware and general strategy : american tech has usually been of higher quality , but more expensive and difficult to use and maintain , while soviet tech has always been cheap and easy to use , but ( with some exceptions ) of poorer quality and less effectiveness . 
  the americans refined the use of precision , lighting raids against key installations , critical positions , and other vital locations , while the soviets focused on saturating the battlefield with enough bodies and bullets that the enemy was overwhelmed and destroyed . 
  all of this is to say , coupled with the failure of the soviet economic model , the ussr was not at the same level of military effectiveness for the majority of its existence . 
  it was by far the second greatest power in the world , and could more than hold its own against the us on many different battlefields , but it could not * beat * the us , hence why open warfare never occurred . 
  those instances where the soviet proxy armies * did * win were not because the us was incapable of achieving victory , but because they decided that victory was not worth the price they would have to pay to earn it ( vietnam war is a good example : the us could have quite easily won the war , but it was so unpopular back home that nobody was willing to commit the resources and enact the policies necessary to achieve it , as the price would be so high ) . 
  the entire point of nato is a dick-waving contest between the us , western europe , and russia . 
  the us is kind of obligated to protect those that it has a defense treaty with to protect , which is the majority of europe in the form of the north atlantic treaty organization . 
  if they were n't mobilizing troops to protect its ally states , that would be a serious black mark on american diplomacy and foreign policy . 
  the point is that american troops in europe are good for europe for the moment , because russia is far less likely to go to war with europe than it is to go to war with the us and europe . 
  american troops on the front lines show that that massive military support from the us is n't just lip service and the bare minimum , but real combat units that are prepared to fight in defense of the us 's allies in addition to all the other forces that are naturally going to defend their own nations from russia . 
  this means that russia will also be having to deal with the us navy and air force bases all across the globe , including those in japan , which the eu does n't have ( or at least on anywhere near the scale the us does ) . 
  that 's the whole point of these troops : to reinforce our support of a non-russian europe to russia in the way they are most responsive to : violence . 
  he was n't given chemical weapons by the us . 
  he was given equipment that could be used to make chemical weapons with some effort , but also has many other legitimate industrial uses . 
  when he began to make chemical weapons out of them , the us and the un got pissed off . 
  it 's a common theory that american military supremacy ( because when it comes to conventional warfare , the american military is a step above everybody else ) has prevented the outbreak of large-scale warfare among the global powers , as it is so powerful that any side it takes would almost assuredly be the victor due to their military supremacy . 
  this does n't mean that warfare does n't occur , but that instead of being between states , it is largely civil conflicts within already existing states , such as civil wars and violent coups . 
  this is extremely similar to pax britannica , the period during which time british military supremacy prevented the majority of interstate warfare , especially in europe , and restricted it to primarily civil issues like revolutions and rebellions ( like the dutch revolution ) . 
  the time periods when there is no clear supremacist , like napoleon europe , the early 1900 's , and the 1930 's , are the times when conflict heats up as other nations drag out old grudges or flex their muscles to try and claim the title of global sovereign . 
  it has n't been proven yet ( and probably wo n't be until american military dominance is in its decline and it stops working ) , but there 's some pretty solid evidence that it 's working . 
  the very fact that the cold war never actually broke out into outright warfare between nato and the warsaw pact is a pretty good indicator . 
  also , the man constantly played with wmd 's he was not supposed to have . 
  he did n't have them when the us ( and all those other nato countries that try to pretend they did n't ) invaded , but he had everything required to have them , and had constantly played a game of cat and mouse with un inspectors . 
  he also used chemical wmd 's against the kurds in the past , so the man had a history . 
  again , not trying to `` justify '' the iraq war waged by the us and its allies , but saddam hussein was a pretty shitty guy who committed the largest single act of environmental terrorism in history and had no problems waging genocide on those he felt inferior to him . 
  european convoys would probably just antagonize the russians , or dare them to fight back . 
  europeans defending europe is a given . 
  by using american convoys , it very clearly indicates that the us stands with their nato allies against russian influence , and throws american military power into the mix with european military powers , ( which are of variable quality depending on the nation involved , compared to the pretty much unarguably superior military quality of the united states ) . 
  this is much better for europe , because it makes them much stronger politically and defensively . 
   you 're dead wrong that a sense of belonging to the anglosphere does n't exist in the us , though . 
  it does n't exist in the same way it exists in the rest of the anglosphere , is what i said . 
  it may exist , but its strength is tenuous at best compared to the way canada , australia , etc. 
  are related to britain , with the us having its own very distinct culture that radically diverges from the rest of the anglosphere . 
   i literally have that sense of belonging , whether or not it has anything to do with being of mostly english decent and growing up in an original colony . 
  well , that would play a huge part , as british culture would be very strongly ingrained in the society from the ground-up . 
  texas , by contrast , has very little in common with britain aside from a common language and a few isolated irish-scottish enclaves , with even german culture being more dominant ( and to be fair texas has a comparably huge german population ) . 
  we both speak the same language , but our societies are so different from one another as to be almost completely foreign , so what kinship we feel is the same as we 'd feel with any other european nation , which is n't a whole lot . 
  canada is the exception , as it always is , because of our economies and trade networks , but that 's the exception to the rule . 
   i definitely still do think , however , that everyone here has to share some part of their culture with those others . 
  we do . 
  how much we share with them ( specifically britain ) varies hugely on the part of the country you 're in . 
  in addition , unlike the rest of the anglosphere , the fact that the us violently broke away in an armed revolt and adopted a completely unprecedented style of government that diverged radically from britain , as well as often diametrically opposing britain in the western hemisphere until the early 1900 's , means that `` not being british '' is a huge part of our identity as well . 
  no other part of the anglosphere save ireland has that , and even with ireland it was dominated by britain for so long that its culture is deeply ingrained into many parts of society , whether they like it or not , as well as having family spread across both nations keeping in contact with one another and constantly moving back and forth between the two . 
   it 's the only group of cultures that everyone here has to share aspects of their own culture with . 
  that may be true , but that does n't mean we identify with it ( at the national level ) more than we identify with any other culture . 
  we 're simply too diverse to get a single answer on how `` anglo '' we are , and that 's not even taking into account non-anglo americans who feel virtually no kinship whatsoever with britain , as they were never british ( except maybe as slaves ) . 
  you also forget that the us has been hugely influential on the uk and anglo society at large post-1900 's due to the harlem renaissance and the birth of ethnic american culture , and its huge cultural impact across the world . 
  in many , many ways , if there is an anglosphere identity in american culture , it 's how much american culture affects the rest of the english-speaking world . 
  that definition radically clashes with the accepted version , but that 's how a lot of people ( somewhat justifiably ) view it . 
   i do n't have a ton of data on who else feels the way i feel , but i definitely feel part of an `` anglosphere , '' so the feeling exists in at least one data point . 
  you can feel any way you want about it , and that does n't make you wrong . 
  i 've been saying that , for a lot of americans , the idea of the anglosphere is vague at best if it is n't outright nonexistant . 
  if you were to ask most people here in texas how they felt about the us and the anglosphere , the majority would respond with , `` the what ? '', 
  this is n't because they 're dumb , but because there is so much of a disconnect from the rest of the anglosphere that a shared identity just does n't exist to them . 
   in any case , that 's my last reply , if you decide to respond then you win . 
  i was n't trying to `` win . '', 
  simply trying to explain how american culture can vary hugely on the position of the us in `` the anglosphere . '', 
   and half those peoples are n't white or `` majority '' either . 
  are you saying that non-white people are somehow less american than white americans ? 
  also , the way education and culture works here is highly regional , with different parts of the country having different influences and different beliefs and ideas from other parts of the country , and view us history through a radically different lens . 
  here in texas , british history is glossed over until revolutionary times ( as it 's considered background info for us history ) and from then on it 's all about the us and its own history . 
  while we learn the basics of the british society during that time period to give context to american society , anything not directly related to british influence in the western hemisphere is largely ignored . 
  we spend a great deal of time discussing the spanish system and the later mexican system , however , because even today a huge chunk of our political infrastructure is directly translated from mexico to the republic to the state of texas and because of the large amount of mexican cultural influence over much of texas , especially post-1900 's . 
  louisiana is so goddamn french it still follows napoleonic law . 
  the midwest is hugely dominated by scandinavian and eastern european lineages , and their laws and systems reflect that . 
  appalachia is almost exclusively irish and scottish descended , and largely did not mix with or communicate with the outside world until the civil war at the local level ( obviously there was trade , but they kept to themselves ) . 
  the northeast/new england is a hodgepodge of different lineages , but also descended from many european nobility/quasi-nobility ( specifically english , scottish , dutch , and irish catholic ) and the cultural influences , economic impacts , and social classes of the region have historically reflected that ( though not so much today except in enclaves ) . 
  the southwest varies between mexican , american western , and native american depending on where you are in the state . 
  all of these identities and cultural influences existed long before the creation of true american culture in the early 1900 's , and from there integrated those identities in the national socio-cultural fabric . 
  pre-civil war south had such a hard-on for french culture and styles that it was considered the height of wealth to own anything french , and going to france and learning french ( alongside latin ) hugely vaunted a person in social standing . 
  confederate officers were usually college-educated , and many of the higher-ranking officers studied in france and french battle tactics in addition to those taught at west point . 
  as all confederate regiments were self-funded , a great many of them modeled their uniforms on french zouaves to show their status and wealth . 
  even today after the destruction of the southern identity via reconstruction , french literature and culture is still taught in southern schools quite frequently ( though also second-fiddle to american literature ) . 
  the point of me saying all this is that , while you may have had a heavy focus on british culture wherever you live , a lot of other parts of the country do not follow that pattern , especially regarding anything post-harlem . 
  you 'd be largely right if you 're talking about anything before that , as the us pretty much was just `` knock-off britain , '' but today that is very , very much not the case . 
   you almost definitely have more in common with other people inside the anglosphere than those outside of it . 
  you would be very surprised . 
  americans are much farther away from the rest of the anglosphere than you think it is , and there are many , many places in the us itself that is dominated by other major cultures like mexican , german , czech , scandinavian , and french . 
  that 's why most people do n't really view the rest of the anglosphere ( barring canada , whom everybody agrees are cool ) as being any more or less `` foreign '' than other european nations . 
  it is possible for one culture to greatly influence another without automatically engendering it to that culture . 
  american culture has , in many ways , significantly diverged from british culture , to the point where it is its own entity separate from the original . 
  for example , mexico has and still does have a * huge * cultural influence and cultural overlap here in texas , but they are not viewed as the same thing by anybody here . 
  literature , tv , music , festivities , and even political structures have very visible overlap and influence with one another , but we texans do not consider ourselves to be mexicans or view ourselves as being a common people ^ ^ mostly ^ ^ because ^ ^ of ^ ^ the ^ ^ whole , ^ ^ `` remove ^ ^ anglo '' ^ ^ thing . 
   ive met kiwis aussies canucks brits and yanks but i feel different to all of them .
