  for a long time only the roman empire had a professional full time army , so they conquested all the previous half nomadic ( or hunter gatherer , if we claim that some of their tribes survied the centuries and were ignored by the more advanced nomads and half nomads ) tribes with ease . 
  but there was no big difference in the lifestyle of the various half nomadic tribes around the conquest ( of hungary ) era . 
  some relied more on agriculture and some others on animal breeding . 
  the more settled tribes had no or only a small professional army , while the members of the more mobile tribes were trained for combat since childhood . 
  the only thing the conquestors had to do was to kill the warriors and leadership , and the terriotry with the common people became their subjects to rule on . 
  the difference was in the numbers , the west was overwhelmed by the people migrating from the east . 
  on the magyar conquest : the khazar khaganate collapsed , the avar khaganate collapsed , tribes were migrating to west . 
  a half-nomadic tribe with debated origin and culture ( with the two khaganates out of the way the steppes were open from the urals , just saying ) , but with advanced eastern technology ( see later ) took the opportunity , and they conquested the carpathians , left their language but not their dna . 
  why we couldnt find their y chromosomes there ? 
  maybe they had the same blood as the pre-conquested tribes , or were busy raiding western europe and died there , maybe they moved on and conquered other territories and left local placeholders who fear their return and keep their language even after thousand years , maybe they found the local woman ugly , maybe they were amazonic shamans and left only x chromosomes behind . 
   only 20 % -40 % of the population died , by slaughter or epidemic that means that exactly 100 % of the conquested territory was wiped by the mongols . 
  they didnt conquested more becuase they could not or wanted not . 
  the same for the huns : they killed everyone they didnt want to sell as slaves . 
  i hate when people mix huns hungarians and magyars . 
  some conquerors destroy , but hungarians built a strong , multicultured european kingdom we all can be proud of . 
   of only transilvania and touch/kill everyone they find , without a map or gps . . whats your point ? 
  what continuity are you looking for ? 
  one blood , one bound . 
   i 'm curious to know what is this special technology these nomads carried with them ? 
  nomad is an exonym used by the greek . 
  this is wher epolitics stat to change our views . 
  we know the magyars only through their langauge , but the magyars were an ancien tribe ( modern reformed magyar langauge still shows connections with 8k + old langauges ) and were everything but nomads , they brought the same advanced eastern technology to the carpathians , that the migration period carried to europe , and that made the rest of europe speak indo-european . 
  why not the indo-europeans ? 
  maybe the vicious locals successfully resisted for a while , and didnt wanted other tribes new technology , but their efforts and the majority of the terriotry were still destroyed in wars , famine and diseases . 
   it 's not very scientific to assume that some nomadic people just had `` advanced technology '' and others had to receive it from someone else . 
  i 'm curious if you have links explaining why ? 
  are we having a scientific debate ? 
  if so it is you that should read on the people you call nomads , and thei flow of cultures . 
  you know what , ignore everything i wrote and start counting the years from the formation of the roman empire . 
  ` f\u00e9ny ' - word of unknown origin , probably comes form an ancient finno-ugric word . 
  f\u00e9ny - light f\u00e9nyes - shiny f\u00e9nyk\u00e9p - photo ( light picture ) f\u00e9nyk\u00e9pez\u0151g\u00e9p - camera ( light framing machine ), 
   but to assimilate or wipe all the pre-existing migrants are we looking for continuity or numbers ? 
  some of these pre-existing migrants were sure wiped out by huns , the frank-avar war or died from diseases or famine caused by the war . 
  its unclear how many from the previous people still inhabited middle-earth , when the couple of magyars arrived . 
   yes this tribe managed to conquer the centers of power in that land and to impose their language that makes sense , the magyars came when the khazar khaganate and avar khaganate fell ( from the same culture circle as fe . 
  the huns ) , they settled in the `` middle '' . 
  they were technologically advanced than the previous inhabitants , so in exchange for technology , they forced their language to the locals , but somehow failed to leave significant trace in the dna pool . 
  pre-wallach locals probably received the advanced technology from the roman empire still lurking around ( / s ) , and thats why we love our own language and national identity . 
  what if i would tell you romanian is not an ethnicity but a language ? 
  and that romanians are the same mixed middle europeans by ethnicity as the hungarians or the others in the region . 
  but unlike you i dont plan to hurt a nation . 
  i would look stupid . 
  hungarian became an ethnicity more than thousand years ago . 
  romanian became a separate ethnicity in the 19th c. and how can you parellel huns and syrians ? 
  huns destroyed and pillaged this part of europe , and against popular belief have nothing much to do with our ( yours and mine ) bloodpool . 
  hope that changes soon , 
  and the vlachs are just the hunter gatherers who were conquested by the scythians . 
  some of the conquestors were able to mix with the locals , but other conquestors only gave cultural and not ethnical features . 
  there is no such thing as pure blooded hungarian or romanian . 
  the same local scythian , illyrian , thracain , celtic , sarmatian and even the germanic tribes were conquested and assimilated by the biggest conquestors over and over ( roman empire , huns , avars , franks , magyars , ottomans etc. ) . 
  it became a blood feud between differently speaking `` ethnical brothers '' long time ago . 
  romanians want to keep the language of the conquestors of the roman empire , and hungarians want to keep the langauge of the magyars . 
  simply because giving it up and realizing we need a common language and common gials would make us look stupid and unpatriotic . 
  thats why i dont understand why people keep bringing up coloured maps and point that we needed ethnical borders . 
  you can always change the ethnical compound of a conquested region . 
  see history . 
  its leaked already ? 
  damn . 
  so there are two kinds of leaders . 
  the ones who have mild-mannered smiles , and the ones who can afford dental care , 
  romania makes a good job on taking care of the forest . 
  the others are fans by accident . 
  like in , most famous solo carreer moment ? 
  amg that vid rocks !, 
  / are you even pc bro ? 
  nice page , thanks . 
  glad im not the only one who didnt saw it . 
   mine says : `` erd\u0151 '' - noun , formed by nominalizing ` ered\u0151 ' : the adjective form of the present participle of the verb ` ered ' . 
  `` ered '' - verb , originates from an ancient word stem from the finno-ugric age . 
  same word stem as the word stems in the verbs ` ereszkedik , ereszt ' , and in the noun ` eresz ' . 
  [ this one is pretty close ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ok5p00hy5ds ) [ or this , even without the clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqyhae7hcaq ), 
  thats a constructive answer , and i dont want to push you further . 
  isnt giving up part of your national identity a too high price for success ? 
  hungarians in romania are different ( i mean , not by blood ofc ) , have different linguistic roots , represent a ( not so alien ) culture , so they need to be treated taking notice on that . 
  the france example is not bad . 
  we dont allow minorities ... as if . 
  but its not true no one takes it personally , the people affected sure do . 
  i would fancy , when in transylvania , after 100 years of forced culture shifting some magyars still nem want these - seemingly - minor changes . 
  i have a cheap dictionary . 
  its the same , and sounds like eleven . 
  you cant fight bigotry , i guess . 
  thanks for adding all 5 alternate accounts . 
  no , i apologize , for twisting your comment :p its probably because finnish and hungarian are the farthest finno-ugric relatives . 
  no wonder the others wont touch our ~ ~ private ~ ~ glorious past . 
  it has a paralyzing grasp even on us , what would it do with the others ? 
  :d ah , sry forgot the implosive atmosphere ( now read on with your national marketday-pride voice ) : * it will take time to explain , that we should be admired because of our future , and not because of our past . 
  for the non finno-ugric readers , the sentences mean `` vital fish is swimming under water '' . 
  [ pictural help ] ( http://tub.tubgit.com/reimg/resize-img.php?src=http://photos.up-wallpaper.com/images253/itz24xgafkq.jpg&amp;h=1080&amp;w=1920 ) for / u/tuliniemi . 
  also you are right , spoken out we dont understand eachothers version . 
  edit : typo, 
  thats why you are not calling back ? 
  : _ ( i nem want you monies , pls unite hastly ? 
  i was told , that this language relation is so old , that it did not exclude some kind of turkic relations . 
  or any other , choosen relation  you can call science for answers , but luckily everyone has his own opinion ... 
  everything is true . 
  even , what is not . 
  its a good theme , i wish they would do more . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6g0di6b.png ) is a newer one :p, 
  yea , but i dont think its just politics , rather these different ideas are popular because our ancient history . 
  for the common bystander they just seem to `` fit in '' in parts our long recorded and imaginary history .
