  and nationality and ethnicity has very little to do with that . 
  grim speaking : romania should take care not to lose transylvania to other than hungary , and they have to paint the brick [ pointing back to red-white-green ] ( http://imgur.com/wrljq1g )   living in mountains started to slowly repopulate first the hills and then the plains sure , but just like other hungarian commons ( they automatically became hungarian commons , right ? ), 
  they were not considered part of the nation . 
  the nation was represented by the high educated ( greek , latin ) nobility in the koh till 1867 . if you were a successfull common , you might have raised to become a hungarian noble . 
   what happened in communism the urbanizing effects are undeniable , and imo its not cool to make the people decide between identity and subsistence . 
  its not an ethnical cleansing , its an unethical offering . 
   there were a lot more romanians leaving romania than hungarians & saxons together its always sad to witness that your fellow people leave the ancient home . 
  i might sound rude but i have to point that wallachia and moldavia had always more population than koh or hungary . 
  were they more by numbers or more by proportion aswell ? 
  its like you go eastward and people are breeding faster and faster , scales starting from the declining west to the overpopulated india/china . 
  not that we dont witness the modern migrating period from close enough . 
  maybe the extinction of the few is unevitable . 
  maybe the future belongs to those who are kind enough to survive . 
   the locals ( you can call these locals whatever you want , i will call this combination of daco-romans + avars + scythians + slavs + other tribes = `` romanians '' ) that is kinda important , modern magyars also belive they are the descendants of the former local tribes ( hellenized and later latinized different hunter gatherer tribes + scythians + avars + slavs + different half nomadic tribes + magyars = hungarians - trianon = magyars ) , in theory the two countries have almost the same components . 
  why we endedwith different cultures then ? 
  the interest of the common people was overwritten by the not so common people . 
   the mountains were inhabited by these shepherds speaking a romance language which were also called `` vlachs '' and `` olah '' yes , the nation lived on , in living speech . 
  i dont want to sound too assholish , but since magyar language became the offical langauge in koh only in the 19th c. , and no one gave a damn about the langauge of the common people till that point , i hardly belive that anyone gave a damn about the langauge of the shepards from the mountains either . 
  magyar language was resurrected after the ottoman rule , to decline its effects and resist the church language ( latin ) . 
  i guess its the same for romanian language , it was resurrected after the magyar or habsburg rule , to decline their effect and resist the church langauge ( church slavonic ) . 
  i suspect , if politics need it , the experts will quickly find out , that our ancestors spoke scythian , illyrian , sumerian , chineese ( soon ) or any other language , that fits their actual interests and we will carry on another `` local looking '' culture . 
   you can see this even today in transilvania and partium you can not say that there are romanians living there now , and therefore they lived there hidden in the mountains . 
  its like saying that hungarians came from the east , therefore everyone in the east with a horse and bow is hungarian today . 
  i mean you can easily say that from the hindsight , but im not sure it would be accurate . 
  there was a chain of events that shaped the current carpathian basin , and our ancestors had the luxury to witness it personally . 
  anyway , looks like the two nation is ethnically pretty close . 
  at least the common people , and we chased the nobles and kings away with pretty revolutions . 
  what is the difference then ? 
  cultures were shaped as the politic needed them to shift , and our leaders gladly commanded ethnical brothers against eachother along this cultural border . 
  being one of the common people always sucked , today still . 
   romania does not need to wipe or forcefully assimilate the transilvanian magyars in order to own transilvania and it never tried that thats not true . 
  also its pretty well documented . 
  we can surely make a list from 1945 - . think only the apparent forced assimilations of the causescu era , with the goal to make an ethnically homogenous romania , helping hungarians settle in hungary , making difficult for small schools to exist etc. 
  those are not only stray losses . 
  also there is forced assimilation , and there are more soft and kind methods . 
  but who am i to judge , hungary did the same in the same time period , maybe even with more `` success '' than romania . 
   but it 's part of romania with the consent of a majority of it 's population . 
  i really appreciate your comments , and sorry for my shitty example , but imagine the following : the ruler of the mighty western kingdom invites an ethnicity to raise the population of the common folks decimated by wars , famine , sickness and history to get more taxes . 
  after a short while the `` newcomers '' naturally became majority and use inner tensions and foreign weapons and declare the place as their new home . 
  and start calling it new syria . 
   honest question . . can you admit hungary also occupied transilvania in the middle ages i seriously fear , that conquesting magyars were unimaginably vicios , and raped and pillaged everyone in the carpathian basin . 
  but no one is telling us . 
  note , that magyars didnt planned to conquer the carpathian basin short before the conquest , but their main forces were defeted in the west , and so they could not even return to lev\u00e9dia , and conquested the basin with the insignificant remnants of the previous inhabitants instead . 
  by occupy i mean you sit on the neck of some folks , already living there . 
  there is literally no one , who could accuse magyar conquestors of occupying other folks , because they were all wiped before or during the glorious thousand years . 
  maybe the avars complained about that just as much as today magyars are complaining about transylvania ? 
  who would say magyars harrassed avarian or scythian commons and nobles ? 
  chronicles , written by magyars and other conquestors , report vast empty carpathian basins , wiped out by the vicious huns or other conquestors a few conquest earlier . 
  on the other hand , ( atm ) there are plenty of people in the neighbourhood who can throw accusations at romania and on romanians . 
   do you understand why there was `` no wallachian nobility in transilvania i do , but do you ? 
  there was no wallachia at the time of the conquest , neither were there remains of avarian or - god save us - roman nobles , they got wiped , but not by magyars . 
  at least not entirely by magyars . 
  maybe we can speak about pre-wallachia with voivodes beneath the mountains , but not about a strong , wallachian nobility with the ability to conquer or rule in transylvania . 
   if koh ruled as they pleased in transilvania and displaced populations , why it 's not ok for romania to do the same im still waiting patiently for romania , to act as a conqueror , and do what it must . 
  you can not conquer and regret it later and be soft with the folks , do your job . 
  i cant belive romania missed the great opportunity during the mutual unlimited friendship the ussr provided , and didnt fully shifted the countries culture during 1950-90 . many conquerors would see this as sign of weakness . 
   magyar nobility in transilvania was something very cool if you were part of the nobility . . and it sucked if you were part of the `` common people '' thats true , we peasants ( sry i dont mean to harm you ) had been whipped badly for so much shit talk in the medievals . 
   lets keep talking constructively about the past , till we realise we are on the same chain . 
  and find the way to hate the kings and nobles of the past for being cocky and ethnically sensitive . 
  im glad we can make a conversation about it . 
  we can into peace as soon as romania admits they occupy transylvania since 1919  the real `` message '' behind the 1k + glorious past is that in the previous millena , koh had weak foreign kings and strong magyar nobility . 
  afaik there was no romanian ( ~ wallachian ) nobility in transylvania . 
  maybe there was romanian or wallachian nobility in wallachia , but what was transylvania to them other than a steamy dream ? 
  ( note , we are talking about the long gone noble houses , no one really cared about the common people 's ethnicity or language in the medieval times . 
  when they worked slow , or just for their pleasure , the nobles could punish and replace them any time ) i think hungarians dont have problem with pre-voivode - wallachia - romania continuity , but its the hard to digest issue of transylvania . 
  carpathian basin was always a conquested territory . 
  conquestors came , lived in castles , and went when they got smoked out . 
  meanwhile the common people lived their humble lives . 
  strange to say , but the only thing that happened in 1867 , is that after a long time different classes had the same interest , and they united their will . 
  the modern magyarorsz\u00e1g was established after ww1 , still claiming to be the successor of the ( only ) koh . 
  thats the continuity . 
  leeview you didnt used to be this wedding crasher ... in your middle ages the tone was on the hungarian = magyar nobility , who represented the nation and so the land . 
  without their cooperation , the ottoman or habsburg conquest wouldnt go that smooth . 
  also its entirely the strong growing hungarian nobility 's fault , that hungarian culture spread , and everyone speaked hungarian ( and not the ottoman , german etc. ) . 
  they ran out of juice till the beginning of the 20th c. downvoted for few weeks of hungarian rule in transylvania . 
  yes you are right , sorry , i meant the bohem republic . 
  so you fin ( n ) ished with fertilization and dont have much to do till harvest . 
   magyarization in slovakia was stronger than germanization in czech lands . 
  ftfy : the czechization of upper hungary was stronger than the germanization of czechia . 
  edit : i stand here corrected by politics . 
  thanks for not facing your past . 
  thats a nice saucer , did the crew survived ? 
  i also need one !, 
  an icon of a sunken world order . 
  he was choosen by the entente with international compliance , and was removed by the allies on international compliance . 
  no one asked hungarians , 
  [ its dangerous to go alone , take this !, 
  ] ( http://www.anna-fortune.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/hungary.jpg ), 
  and the sanitation !, 
  f ** k my mouse for deleting my long comment while proof reading , so here again with more typos :  do you have reliable sources/estimations about these wars no reliable source before written history , and even written history was recorded and politically corrected by priest . 
  i would be the first to claim i have concrete proof , so no , only some theories , and estimations . 
  dna research is a new study , with breaktroughs every month . 
   because it 's too convenient to assume that wars kill everything thats my point . 
  what happened to the cavemen , and the different scythian and illyrian and etc. 
  tribes after the first recorded conquestors came ? 
  it remains a question , because even if we dug up all the graves there is a 0 % chance that we will have a good view on the ethnical compound of thoudsand year old tribes , or a bigger region before written history . 
  ethnicity was only important in the ( sry ) way too nationalistic roman empire and a thousand year later in some crazy political directions . 
  ofc there is difference between conquest and conquest . 
  but its not uncommon that a smaller numbered , technologically advanced tribe conquers a tribe bigger than their own numbers . 
  and before they got inveitably assimliated by the conquered , they can leave their traces on the local culture .
