  i mean decree law . 
  erdo , g\u00fclen , same shit different smell . 
  things would n't changed if the junta won , except they would 've been the one who purge . 
  cultural differences determine the assimilation of people , those people are islamist and have some weirdo nationalist sentiments . 
  they can easily adapted into arabic culture for example , but not western culture . 
  secular turks fit in like other europeans yes because the thing they value is secularism , personal freedom , not intervening other people 's life etc. 
  the jazz you know . 
  culturally closer to european culture therefore easy to integrate or assimilate . 
  they 're cultural muslims at best . 
  21st century vs 7th century . 
  i wonder what the loyalist generals of june 15th think about this . 
  long live the republic !, 
  \\ #justagendapushingthings, 
  because the right of conquest . 
  in those days , converting or destroying the religious buildings were the most important way to show dominance . 
  we are talking about 15th century after all . . hagia sophia with its current form symbolise conquest of the city for the muslims . 
   hagia irene possible . 
   hagia sophia impossible . 
  both religious communities see the building as their own . 
  religious muslims are n't happy even when they see it museum . 
  i think the best solution for both camps to use it as a mosque in fridays , cathedral in sundays and museum in the rest of the days . 
  so ; * religious muslims are happy * religious christians are happy * seculars are not alienated because it 's still a museum * religious tourism will save the day . 
  just imagine the possible first day of use as mosque or cathedral . 
   what would happen if erdogan died . 
  chaos since he took all the power . 
   who would replace him ? 
  anyone . 
  akp = erdo at this point , in the moment erdo gone , akp is no more . 
   erdogan 's agressive nationalism ... yeah so nationalist that hates half of the nation . 
  pretty fucking good . 
  * evoking ottoman past , erdogan vows to tackle ~ ~ turkey 's ~ ~ his enemies abroad * . 
  fixed . 
   `` the terrorist is judged to have been planning to carry out a suicide bomb attack and carried out reconnaissance around the old parliament building and anitkabir , '' governor ercan topaca wrote on twitter , referring to the mausoleum of modern turkey 's founder mustafa kemal ataturk . 
   the suspect may have been targeting ceremonies to be held there on the oct. 29 anniversary of the turkish republic 's foundation or on nov. 10 to commemorate ataturk 's death , anadolu cited topaca as saying . 
  that 's really important and scary because millions will gather in ataturk 's mausoleum on republic day and ataturk 's death anniversary . 
  kudos to the police . 
  no , although all that stress and anxiety . 
  wow that 's horrible !, 
  i do n't know clubs but it 's not allowed to smoke in restaurants , however you can smoke at restaurant 's terrace or outside part of the restaurant . 
  `` muh kurds '' is n't even relevant to this issue . 
  good luck living in this country and not smoking . 
  wish islamic communities were more like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yf8gdkwhwu ) . 
  he 's purging his opponents from the state institutions . 
  he tried to purge secularists but people protested and they got their jobs back . 
  domestic policy and foreign policy is clearly different . 
  you can be a dictator to your people but your lifetime is determined by how good your foreign relations are . 
  he does n't want his opponents ( i.e. 
  secularists because his opponents from other ideologies are n't that much hardcore ) to get western support . 
  because neither side want to deal with syrians . 
  the people does n't want them at all and all want to send them elsewhere , add economic burden caused by them , add general economic problems caused by erdo govt , add terror threat , voil\u00e0 . 
  there were 2 alternatives for erdo to be done : first was to let them migrate europe , second was to create a safe-zone in syria and settle them in . 
  he tried the first option via refugee deal , failed . 
  now he 's trying the second one . 
  turkey does n't want anything . 
  as i said , it 's not about being in eu or not ; it does mean to declare to the world that we are allies of europeans & north americans . 
  i 'm not head of state so it 's pointless to ask my opinion on this issue but anyway . . that 's would be good for turkey and people would be in favour of it because current eu accession bid is pointless and both sides ( both people and government level ) know that turkey will never ever join eu . 
  this kind of alternative looks good . 
  european axis = / = being european . 
  turkey just declares that europe is her both economic and military allies by continuing the status-quo . 
  welfare and liberties attract people to immigrate . 
  if you really want europe to be unattractive place then all european countries should be like russia . 
  hmm , my friends study in journalism , education , literature . 
  probably pol-sci is too `` elite '' for them to infiltrate lol . 
  \\  talking about civilization and demanding mixed education to be halted in the same sentence . 
  islamism is indeed a mental disorder . 
  eu will lose a lot because tr is a buffer zone for them eventhough they 're not aware of this situation . 
  if turkey ends to act like buffer zone , that means all that middle eastern mess will be a lot closer to them . 
  not to mention that information share about terrorists in syria & iraq or refugees in this country . 
  turkey will lose because it does n't mean an membership . 
  it 's an axis we are and we should belong to . 
  when the relation with europeans halted , all that efforts for years to make this country modern will also be halted . 
  my friends who study in ist uni says what i said . 
  problem for those who still want to live in like 7th century , of course . 
  istanbul university is a lost cause . 
  islamist `` academics '' and students have infiltrated the university . 
  they will end him before he ends the process . 
  turkey is too important to lose to some wacky islamist . 
  turkey wo n't end the pretence . 
  erdo is a talk talk talk guy , not action . 
  he likes to talk , threaten , play the big guy role but he does n't do action . 
  eu accession bid is not for joining eu but to declare that turkey belongs to the european axis . 
  that 's what is important . 
  turkey still plays an important role between european countries and war-torn middle eastern countries , it provides a buffer zone to europe . 
  isolating the country from europe will hurt both sides even more . 
  it 's the reporter 's fault but i can not blame the people on the other thread for falling this because this is erdo we 're talking about , he can say anything . 
  summary of akp govt . 
   did this loosening up of rules have the support of turkish people ? 
  was there a big talk about it ? 
  which parties did support it in parliament ? 
  no , no and no . 
  the government brought up this thing all of a sudden . 
  to be fair , they always bring things up all of a sudden . 
  probably to kickstart the project . 
  maybe some other cities are included but yeah mostly \u0130zmir & ankara . 
  i do n't know which is funnier . 
  talking about europe to risk becoming irrelevant or this coming from canadian pm . 
  in the moment assad is gone , syria will be libya 2.0 . 
  he can not be replaced at least not via war . 
  assad is against qatar - syria - turkey pipeline project . 
  he prefers iran - iraq - syria pipeline .
