  * 50 % is oppressing the other 50 % in every way . 
  * if you are erdo opponent , there 's no guarantee that you wo n't be detained in the morning . 
  * journalists , opposition party leaders and pm 's are jailed . 
  * 100.000 + have been fired or arrested for being `` g\u00fclenist '' . 
  you name it . 
  tyranny of the majority or just a tyranny . 
  nazis are n't responsible but it was a gift from god for nazis to achieve their goals and purge the opposition , just like erdo clowns . 
  i do n't think the democratic system is functional at all . 
  all the opposition parties can do is simply resigning from mp , maybe even close the party because it 's pointless to be in parliament nowadays . 
  the coup was reichstag fire 2.0 . 
  my friend , you are so optimistic if you still talk about things like voters , elections , party etc. 
  after erdo goes full the night of the long knives . 
  chp has never been a smart party since ataturk 's death . 
  arresting mp 's at 02.00 am . 
  this is what coup looks like . 
  after hdp they 'll come for chp mp 's most likely . 
  it 's feels fucking horrible to see all this mess and not being able to do anything . 
  it 's impossible for him to be more popular than he is now and yes even after the coup attempt . 
  because he successfully alienated everyone who do n't vote for him . 
  oh erdo , wish you were always like that . 
  many turks around you are shit then , or ignorant enough to see him as good guy . 
  i suppose you 're talking about diaspora turks so advise them to live 1 year , only 1 year in turkey and let them see what their good guy actually is . 
  the empire was already collapsing in the speed of light before ww1 and that collapse started with this war . 
  i mean , russians were only 10 ~ km away from capturing the capital and it was n't for british , the ottoman empire would 've been gone in as early as 1878 . 
  truly the most important war in the late era of ottoman empire . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  naaaah i prefer calf . 
  now it 's our duty to abolish the second sultanate . 
  every akp opponent is supporting some imaginary terrorist organisation you know . 
  give me a break . 
  welcome to turkey , questioning is forbidden . 
  coup plotters were no better than erdo because they are also islamist and their policy would 've been no different than erdo 's , maybe their foreign policy would be much more sane but the rest would 've been the same . 
  tbh i 'd rather to live under some enlightened despot 's rule than erdo . 
  \\  hdp \\  protecting turkey \\  anytime good fucking joke . 
  hdp and their precedents were always `` fuck turkey , biji kurdistan '' party . 
  oh , at least democracy won . 
  both are ruling their countries for 14-15 years . 
  putin succeed , erdo failed . 
  there 's no way he can successfully brainwash his opponents after all these mess . 
  i posted a guillotine photo . 
  well if anything , the youth are non-religious , generally oppose akp and most importantly , they know how to use internet very well . 
  getting information is n't a problem for them . 
  people just do n't trust media . 
  he can only convince certain amount of people who are also akp voters , not everyone . 
  he knows it , tries to block communication tools and information sources , people find a way to get them . 
  social media is a crucial factor for any ordinary citizen to get information and unlike traditional media , you can browse them even though they 're blocked thanks to dns and vpn . 
  foreign people may find it difficult but there 's no media channels like cnn or whatever gets viewers from every kind of people . 
  our tv channels occured by lots of fox news and nbc news so people watch certain tv channels or just do n't watch tv at all . 
  why did i wrote these things ? 
  because turkey 's future is dark but turkish people is n't brainwashed like russian people . 
  when i see russian comments , most of them are pro-putin , those are the educated ones who can communicate with people in english and have proper internet . 
  if the situation in turkey was something like that , then i would 've fled the country in no time . 
  but it 's not , you can find many erdo opponents on internet and on the streets . 
  his mindtricks do n't work for the other half of the country . 
   maybe fake a scandal with all that media that he controls . 
  happens in every election process . 
  they generally target one party/leader/group to launch a smear campaign like there 's no tomorrow . 
  akp voterbase believes it in speed of light ( to be fair they believe everything akp feeds them ) , the opposition voterbase simply rejects whatever they say and label `` propaganda '' . 
  so no change happens . 
  what would he say or do ? 
  he already created internal ( g\u00fclen ) and external ( pretty much every western country ) threats , he always does dirty tricks against his opponents , nearly every media outlet is , directly or indirectly , akp mouthpiece . 
  he already did whatever he could do , that 's the current situation . 
  the only thing left for him to do is closing the opposition parties , jailing the leaders and cause civil war/revolution . 
   do n't most liberals vote for erdo by the way ? 
  some do , some do n't . 
  europhiles despise erdo after gezi protests , muslim apologist types still like him . 
  their vote is irrelevant because they have no population to be counted as demographic but they 're important on party-level politics . 
   notice that it does n't really matter what one-two million turks would think . 
  try 40 million . 
  and if you think people are apathetic to what 's regularly happening in turkey , you are crazy . 
  i mean , it 's not even possible to see things and say `` alright , whatever '' unless you are rich enough to save yourself when shit hits the fan . 
   i used to be hopeful about them . 
  it 's a shame they never became anything more than another kurdish party . 
  they probably defended pkk excessively and got caught between a rock and a hard place after the ceasefire between gov. 
  and pkk ended erdo knew it well , that 's why he restarted the conflict . 
   why this clusterfuck ? 
  i hope they find a solution and elect a capable leader that can take on erdogan . 
  i explained the clusterfuck . 
  chp is an ideology-based party but anti-akp type ideology-based party , so liberals do n't want kemalists leader , social democrats do n't want liberal leader etc. 
  i am in turkey but yes i 'm indecided on whether the last sentence should stay or not . 
   mhp became controlled opposition after bah\u00e7eli purged all his opponents with the government 's help  hdp decided not to be turkey 's party and turned back to classic kurdish party rhetoric . 
  i doubt they can make it into the parliament in the next election . 
   chp ultimate clusterfuck between party voterbase and party itself . 
  the leader , k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu , is persona non grata for being useless against akp but he also silences his opponents , although not as hard as mhp . 
  still has a chance for leadership to change , many alternative figures are being talked about . 
  add : i forgot to talk about party voterbase . 
  the voterbase occured by numerous demographics , from non-islamist centre-right voters to kemalists from social democrats to liberals ; and all want chp to be more like them , hence there is no `` party view '' anymore , a mp says something pro-kurdish , another says something g\u00fclen-friendly , another one says nationalist things , totally different one talks about liberalism etc. 
  finally everyone agreed that k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu needs to go but everyone is divided on who should replace him . 
  i do n't know what you 're refer to by saying `` the people '' . 
  if you talk about his opponents in turkey , we called it `` whoever wins , we lose '' . 
  both sides were as islamist as the other , it 's not like g\u00fclen-orchestrated coup might ve brought liberty to the country . 
  edit : i thought i should delete my comment on revolution because well , i do n't want to get trouble from the state . 
   erdo ! = nation i wan na hug you right now . 
  comments like this give me cancer because those who do n't vote for him want him to die in a painful death . 
  he 's a putin wannabe who ignores the fact that he has nowhere near the approval rate as high as putin 's , he can not brainwash the people as putin does etc. 
  he does n't favour sharia . 
  he prefers turkey not to be secular but not to be sharia state either . 
  he 's scum of the earth , really . 
  considering they aborted elections of university rectors , and now erdo will appoint them with this decree law , it does n't sound so difficult . 
  he has all the power and he can do everything via edi . .
