   even the mention of possible action by nato would be likely to infuriate mr. erdogan . 
  but it is hard to see how turkey can be a trusted ally if it embraces principles and practices so at odds with the west , or how the country can ensure its own continued development and security without nato as an anchor . 
  `` opinion '' indeed , definitely not memorandum-ish . 
  if usa really want to kick turkey out of nato because their boys have failed on july 15th so be it . 
  i really wonder what 's the percentage of it after the coup attempt and exposure of g\u00fclenists ' infiltration . 
  wealth , democracy , western world and cyprus problems are temporary . 
  public opposition is changeable depend on those problems . 
  main reasons why tr wo n't be a part of eu are the first 3 , they 're also the reasons why tr de facto gave up joining the union in 2006-2007 . 
  before late-2006 , there was a hope in the society and in the government . 
  the consensus was `` if we do our homework , we 'll join eu . '', 
  during 2006-2007 , the opposition and protests against our accession turned things 180 degree . 
  identity of your nation and the geopolitic location of your country are not something you can give up to join an union . 
  i do n't know why eu and turkey still keep those accession theatre while both sides know turkey wo n't be ever a member of eu . 
   we have a 5 % hurdle here as well , and even that is hugely controversial , due to its undemocratic nature . 
  the constitutional court declared it unconstitutional when it regards elections of the european parliament , for example . 
  i expect the same decision to follow through for federal elections eventually as well , even though they 've stopped short of applying it there for now . 
  i 'm for 3 % threshold because it 's the most logical one in this political atmosphere . 
  there 's no way you can simplify ideologies with 4 parties in a country like turkey . 
  i support the constitutional court of your country . 
   he is n't putin yet , and maybe wo n't ever reach that position . 
  i did n't mean to imply he 's on the same level , just that this policy and modus operandi are n't unique . 
  people/parties do it in many places , but the extent to which they can go and the measures at their disposal are different . 
  putin has two advantages : 1 . 
  no political opponent 2 . 
  high rate of approval erdo\u011fan has none of those advantages . 
  he ca n't be putin because he does n't have a high approval rate like putin has . 
  putin can do literally everything without much public backlash whereas there 's always a strong opposition towards erdo\u011fan , let alone when he does something controversial . 
   of course not . 
  fanaticism does n't require religion , even though people treat it in a similar way . 
  he tries to build a cult of personality . 
  his fanatics are islamic-oriented but whatever he says is more important than their views . 
  i mean if he says `` i abandoned this shitty bedouin religion . 
  '' , many of his fanatics will also abandon their religion lol . 
   but part of the problem is that erdogan has this habit of going after his enemies in every way he can , trying to control the press , purging the military , stacking courts , etc. 
  i 've heard that turkey also has a 10 % hurdle for political parties , which probably `` simplifies '' the political landscape as well . 
  fethullah g\u00fclen is not his enemy ; we 're talking about 40-year old organisation which was founded for leaking into state institutions and when the time has come , capture the control of the state from within , establish islamic state with him being supreme leader . 
  it 's not some crazy conspiracy theory . 
  from secularists to ex-g\u00fclen islamists would say the same . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gptkwc089a ) video could explain it well . 
  about 10 % threshold , yes it was being brought by military junta of '80 to keep both pro-kurdish parties and islamists out of the parliament and to have stability in the government , not to have useless coalition governments etc. 
  it is still used because big 4 parties love this threshold even more than allah . 
  they know their votes will drop like atomic bomb in the moment they lower the threshold to like 3 % or % 5 . 
   even the conservative party in germany , cdu , has a policy of `` there can not be a party to the right of the cdu/csu '' . 
  while this line of thought is n't unique , everything else surrounding it is . 
  putin is doing the same thing - eliminating `` sane '' political opposition , so that only `` clowns '' are left , which makes him the best option . 
  except turkey is n't russia and erdo\u011fan is n't putin . 
  centre-left opposition is pretty strong although it 's not strong to take office . 
  putin eliminates serious opposition figures from every kind of political views , erdo\u011fan can not do it so without huge riots and even civil war because people are really polarised in this country and the divide between secularists and conservatives is very deep . 
  it would be very very dangerous move for any sane person . 
  akp voters are n't as fanatical as you think , many people vote for them because there 's no other centre-right opposition . 
  there 's literally no centre-right alternative party because akp absorved them all . 
  not like everyone who votes for akp is islamist . 
  i agree on european turks though . 
  they are hypocritical conservatives who vote for akp in turkey and centre-left in their country . 
  turks in france and belgium are ridiculously religious and more importantly anti secularism . 
  they are even more conservative than the conservatives in turkey . 
  unlike people in this country , they vote akp just for ideologic reasons . 
   europe . 
  you know the definition of europe ? 
  are all those people that wan na be expats such condescending dicks ? 
  because darn i 'm happy their plane will fly over us . 
  i do n't know what are you complaining about . 
  people think of western europe & scandinavia when they say europe here and pretty much everywhere . 
  not like people want to migrate to belarus or macedonia lol . 
  and yes many people here think europe does n't want us . 
  do they ? 
   and how is getting a visa from canada or the us . 
  easier . 
   do you think those turks mingle in the neighbourhoods of the other turks  do you think you walk down the street and people ask you who do you support in france or germany ? 
  eh , the point was being away from the people you do n't want . 
  the point was not [ witnessing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfp4z3q9nby ) this in the country you migrate . 
  because those are the people you ( supposed to ) escaped from . 
   so for you it 's much harder to visit croatia than to visit canada ? 
  yeah deffo ... because you 're in the visa waiver program/s . 
  do n't know if my comment was very confusing or something but i was trying to say that getting tourist visa from those countries , i mean `` those '' countries , not europe as whole . 
   because the us and canada open their arms to young , poorly educated and nonqualified turks ? 
  til . 
  i was talking about secular turks who graduated from universities and are doctors , engineers etc. 
   because if you 're smart , with a degree in something useful , ready to work ... 
  there 's of places in europe ready to accomodate for you . 
  look at article 2 of the comment you replied . 
   c'mon man ... let 's not pretend europe 's tough on immigration ... what pretending ? 
  even getting tourist visa for those countries is hard , let alone immigration . 
  well considering all that buzz about refugee crisis during winter & spring , keeping the money does n't seem winning . 
  i did n't use a rhetoric , i just told things as they are . 
  syrians do n't want to stay here , they want to migrate to europe . 
  if deal is gone , they 'll migrate en masse once again . 
  i think this is pretty insulting for eu to pay tayyip to keep refugees away . 
  eu should 've allocated large portion of the revenue to border security , increase the workforce of frontex , create a prison-like place for refugees who could managed to cross eu borders and use them for something ( australian model ) . 
  tayyip was n't needed if those things were being done . 
   but the deal is n't respected by turkey and wo n't be so why does it depend of europe ? 
  it does depend on europe because it 's eu who want this deal . 
  eu have to make a choice between granting visa-free regime and refugee influx . 
  that 's why i said playing into tayyip 's hand , both will be profitable for tayyip . 
  * it 's extremely hard to migrate to european countries ( especially germany and france ) unless you are political refugee . 
  * why migrate to europe where akp got even more votes than turkey meanwhile usa and canada offer a better life and secular western-minded turkish community ? 
  edit : i was talking about secular skilled workers , not undereducated people or the people as whole . 
  sorry for confusion . 
  i do n't think the government can do it because the government does n't want to do it . 
  the general consensus in this country is `` they do n't want us because we 're muslim '' , whole anti-turkish propaganda of brexiteers strengthen this thought if you ask me .
