  most of them already chose to live as it is due to economical problems . 
  i feel sad for them really . 
  how do they can ? 
  they are poor , getting passport is expensive , getting visa is expensive and risky because there 's no guarantee that they 'll give you even though you do all the paper work and pay some money , plane tickets are somewhat expensive . 
  somehow some poor lgbti managed to flee the country , where s/he will live ? 
  with what money ? 
  visiting europe is not affordable thing for many people in this country . 
  of course there are but what i tried to say that unlike other big cities in europe , \u0130stanbul is not progressive but conservative . 
  \u0130stanbul is a pretty conservative city due to dense migration from eastern anatolia . 
  aegean cities ( esp . 
  rich ones flee the country ; poor ones are n't that lucky , they hide their identity and act as if they 're hetero . 
  sometimes i wonder if this guy is a false flag operation by tories to damage labour party . 
  have you ever seen a trans person in public institutions or private sector ? 
  you have n't , because no employer would hire them just because they 're not hetero . 
  selling their bodies is the only thing they can do for a living . 
  and lgbti persons have been killing in turkey for a very long time , this killing is not an isolated incident but a tipping point . 
  hahah yes !, 
  i said roughly `` do n't give a fuck '' to him , using `` siktir '' alone means fuck off . 
  now you know !, 
  the point was being in european axis , not membership . 
  do n't know if it 's true or not , i just want to clarify what eu bid process actually means . 
  who are ` they ' ? 
  if you mean the government , they seriously wanted to join the union in 2004-2008 period ; stopped to care about after 2008 . 
  ** translation : ** we wo n't join russian axis anytime soon . 
  that 's the only meaning of this , do n't think like there 's any chance of membership or the government seriously want to join the union . 
  this is not / r/worldnews , people on this sub do n't support pkk . 
  that 's why i post here and not on / r/worldnews . 
  those are the problems on paper . 
  real problems against eu accession are cultural differences , bordering to war-torn countries and being mostly in middle east . 
  an average european who was against turkey-eu bid in 2004 - 2008 period was against because of those reasons as polls showed . 
  other than those , turkey would take the most seats in the european parliament due to population in case of membership . 
  france and germany wo n't want turkey never ever because of this . 
  they do n't want to lose their privilege in the parliament . 
  do n't get me wrong , i also want turkey to finish chapters . 
  not for being member but for being a better country but even if all chapters are closed and cyprus problem is solved , we wo n't be member of this union because the reasons i listed above . 
  not : i kept erdo\u011fan out of context because those reasons will remain with or without him . 
   that 's funny , i thought you 'd glad to be rid of them with a stable buffer state . 
   would n't it be better to not be as important militarily if it meant less islamic terrorists entering from syria and attacking ankara ? 
  i already answered those questions 3 comments above . 
  pjak is still active in iran , their goal is to take land from iran and they are also us-backed . 
  iran is as serious as turkish government on this issue . 
   could you tell the turks in belgium the same thing then ? 
  because this stinks of hypocrisy otherwise ( if you 're a turk in belgium with that opinion ) this is not my opinion , this is what average turk in turkey thinks about kurdish autonomy . 
  i wanted to share general consensus , not my opinion . 
  absolutely horrible results for turkey . . 
   says who ? 
  erdogan and the ( now ) state controlled media . 
  court reports , statements of accused people . 
  we stopped believing the media for a very long time , thanks for the advise anyway . 
  google `` m\u0130t tutanaklar\u0131 '' if you can understand turkish . 
   turkey has more journalists jailed than any other country in the world . 
  erdogan jails more journalists than even china . 
  irrelevant to this matter . 
   and water is n't wet . 
  i 'm the one who live 14 years ( and goes on ) under his rule so let me speak about him please . 
   the journalist who published a story showing that the turkish government was supplying weapons to islamist groups in syria , only yesterday announced , that he will not return to turkey . 
  he resigned as editor in chief of the cumhuriyet newpaper . 
  he is can d\u00fcndar . 
  he did well on exposing the arm trade between government and the groups but he misguided people by saying `` those arms were going to isis '' . 
  those arms were for al-nusra and the rebel groups fighting against saa in lattakia countryside , not isis . 
  due to bad reputation of turkish government which caused by erdo\u011fan 's weird attitude and pyd 's anti-propaganda , the government could n't countered this and in the end of the day , turkey blamed for supporting isis . 
  he 's in sweden now . 
  he wo n't come back to turkey because he 's accused of espionage for this story . 
   erdogan is very bad news for the turkish people , and its sad to see that they are blindly following him into authoritarianism and religious extremism . 
  he can be considered as conservative in the middle east 's political spectrum . 
  i do understand why he sounds so extremist to you because unlike turkey , european nations have already embraced secularism and the thought of keeping religion out of public life . 
  but in turkey , the dynamics are different , political spectrum are also different . 
  actually erdo\u011fan called for [ secular egypt ] ( http://www.jpost.com/middle-east/brotherhood-angry-at-erdogan-call-for-secular-egypt-238021 ) which the muslim brotherhood strongly disagree in their response in 2011 and defended [ secularism ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/president-erdogan-defends-secularism-after-remarks-by-parliament-speaker.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=98392&amp;newscatid=338 ) after the parliament speaker talked against secularism . 
  he 's not an islamist from mena 's political spectrum , he 's just a conservative . 
  he 's a populist and more importantly , he knows how to handle masses . 
  he has problems with the educated people . 
  the more people are educated , the less they vote for him . 
  thanks for your understanding and greeting !, 
  i will try to explain things from turkish govt . 
  point of view as much as i can because there 's a very few media which actually tries to explain things in this country and in this region . 
  while doing it , i 'll learn things i 'm misinformed about from the people . 
  i 'd call it bad talking , instead of tension . 
  the word `` tension '' should be used for incidents like the situation between greece and turkey concerning kardak/imia isles in 90 's . 
  i 'm not well informed about this issue , i just wrote what i got from official news . 
  thank you , i tried to explain things as much as i can . 
  i will answer any question concerning this issue . 
   it would be great if this were true , sadly it 's not . 
  the only concession made is that turkey would make sure that hamas would not launch ( ie plan ) attacks from turkish soil . 
  they still have representation there and turkey stated the agreement would not impact their support for hamas . 
  i have n't been informed much about hamas issue so i can not give you detailed information but i can give you some observation . 
  pro-palestinian organisations like \u0130hh were so angry about this decision , erdo\u011fan said [ this ] ( http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/1.727993 ) as response . 
  since then i have n't seen any news concerning hamas or israel . 
   as for your point about kurdish sale of oil , i really do n't think that 's a factor in turkish decision making . 
  i tried to list every reason , from the most important to least , for turkish government to oppose kurdish groups in syria and iraq , and that was one of them . 
  you should look at the second article one more time . 
  i 'm also for autonomy , for federalism but iraqi kurdistan acted like an independent state since its foundation . 
  turkish government definitely does n't want something similar to happen in turkey . 
  i do n't say it 's right or wrong . 
  i just say what happened in iraq and why turkish government does n't want it from the government 's point of view . 
   do you have a map of the territory the kurds want ? 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://image.shutterstock.com/z/stock-vector-kurdistan-map-152187830.jpg )  i mostly agree with you , but you are forgetting the fact that turkey is also important to the nato block due to its control of the black sea and in general its position flanking russia . 
  of course , if turkey moves politically towards russia , things change a bit ... apart from sending our military to korea to fight alongside americans , the main reason of our membership are control of the straits . 
  control of black sea is the second most important at best , but those reasons are a bit outdated because cold war is gone and nato 's priority is n't the `` russian menace '' , it 's the middle east . 
  nato is more interested in the conflicts/wars happening in this region since the arab spring and due to these circumstances , turkey 's role is crucial for nato operations in the region .
