  i also do n't see why ataturk would kill 40.000 people and also launch land & educational reform there . 
  meanwhile in reality , ataturk proposed a land and educational reform in dersim which made landlords super disturbed ( because y' know , land reform means landlords can not profit from peasant 's wealth ) about this so they started a revolt , killed soldiers and burned down schools , hospitals that newly constructed by the government . 
  so ataturk started a military operation which ends with landlords got their fine ass fucked . 
  due to reforms , dersim is the most educated province in turkey with highest rate of university graduate per population . 
  kemalism preceded by the young turk ideology but unlike young turks , kemalism has laicism as core principle . 
  most of young turks were secular but laicism were n't their core principle . 
  also young turks were for constitutional monarchy and their goal was to keep the empire alive meanwhile kemalism does n't care about the empire . 
  he was not part of the genocide , he was already fighting in gallipoli during armenian genocide . 
  if you were talking about 3 pashas , fine . 
  but atat\u00fcrk has nothing to do with it . 
  of course not . 
  he just used armenian genocide as a stick to disturb people in this thread . 
  as a turk , i 'm used to see that kind of people in every turkey-related topic anyways . 
  many thing but i still do n't know how 's that relevant with ataturk . 
  lol it 's as relevant as bringing namibian genocide in a conversation on east germany . 
  how 's that even relevant to atat\u00fcrk ? 
  are you ignorant or doing it for propaganda purpose ? 
   it 's down to the ~ ~ turkish people ~ ~ electoral board to decide how far they 're willing to suffer erdogan 's abuse of power . 
  fixed . 
  i 'd not call it `` decide '' when there was pratically no `` no '' campaign meanwhile `` yes '' campaigners used even state apparatus to deceive voters . 
  also doing voter suppression and voter fraud done by erdo & electoral board just to get 1 % lead . 
  god knows how many percentages he 'd get if the ref propaganda process was equal to both sides and the ref was fair . 
   properly communistic as viewing the old regime favourably . 
  yeah but no . 
  i wrote what i observe since i live in this country . 
  wow man what the fuck you 're replying an 3 months-old post ? 
  uprisings are based on motivation and hope . 
  if you take hope out of the people , there will be no reason to start uprise . 
  people feel hopeless , powerless and afraid to lose everything so there 's that . 
  first , the people have to believe that they could win ; second , they must come together for a goal . 
  it 's not like he can deceive the people . 
  hell , even in a fake referendum which held while the country is still in state of emergency , while pratically every single state institution , state news agency and electoral board included , has been controlled by erdo , while there was a voter suppression on extreme levels , while in many ballot boxes , there were only `` yes '' votes and there were neither `` no '' votes nor invalid votes ; we got 49 % . 
  god knows how much we got if it was a fair referendum . 
  chp will appeal to echr for charter referendum results by the way . . 
  but is n't communists ' raison d'\u00eatre liberal economic policies and its * exploitation of working class ' labour * ? 
  if so , they both still are the same in their pov . 
  it would be great if some socialist/communist corrects me but i always see them bashing liberals and nationalists equally . 
  nay , turkey will never be let into eu since the country has 80 million populace and that means turkey will be one of the countries who take most of the seats in the european parliament . 
  since eu based on francogerman alliance , that would it so these two countries wo n't let us in for a good reason . 
  other countries ' opinion are not ** that ** important at this point . 
  turkey may get visa-free regime and a bit specialised trade agreements but that 's all . 
  these things i said are valid in a scenerio where turkey has a proper democracy , human rights , minority rights and did all the reforms . 
  interesting , i thought that communist parties would call for abstention since , in the communist pov , both candidates are the same for them . 
  ordering women to wear the clothings of oppression is exactly what islamists do . 
  happy carnation day my portuguese friends !, 
  you get your liberty back after 43 years , i hope we do n't have to wait that much to get it . . 
   they are , thankfully , dying out quickly and the new generation is a lot more right wing and capitalist . 
   so , enjoy your own tayyip erdo\u011fan 10-15 years . 
  i do n't trust electoral board and the electoral process , and i do n't think i 'll ever vote until erdo and his goons are completely removed from the state institutions because there 's no point to vote if they make it to turn it as in their favour . 
  we all saw how they changed `` no '' victory to `` yes '' victory . 
  who should we complaint against whom ? 
  migration to switzerland is really hard unless you are an engineer or doctor and you are bilingual . 
  that means they take skilled workers . 
  also they take political refugees from tr . 
  mix these two and you get very low voting percent for erdo . 
  this is also the reason why `` yes '' votes were no higher than 15 % in uk and usa . 
  european countries took our illiterate peasants ( i mean literally illiterate peasants , they were both illiterate and peasant ) from eastern anatolia who had never even visited the province 's capital their village 's present , to meet cheap workforce . 
  they took them in big number , hence they formed some kind of ghettos , hence rejection of integration into main culture . 
  you can understand what kind of people the countries took by looking at overseas map of turkish ref results . 
  man be fucking calm it 's just a meme , laugh and pass . 
  well considering erdo 's party could get like 15 % of votes at most in turks in usa , i also would be proud to call myself `` turkish-american '' if i lived there . 
  tourists do n't visit blue parts anyway , it 's just islamist countryside . 
  all touristic places & istanbul-ankara-izmir went no in a rigged referendum , that 's all that matters . 
   secondly for those who are saying that poor people do n't care about democracy , i feel like the idea that somehow because someone wins by getting the poor to vote for them makes them in anyway a less legitimate victor to be somewhat anti-democratic and classist at best . 
  except they literally destroyed democracy in turkey and turn it into something like elective monarchy . 
  youth employment is really high , the youth are hopeless , so they voted no . 
  erdo 's barking at west caused economical decline , hence many people fired by employers , so they also voted no . 
  lots of people are purged from state institutions , universities etc. 
  by decress so they obviously voted no . 
  i 'm pretty surprised the rate is low considering all these things . 
  sorry but i simply do n't like the people who voted against my liberty in my own country while enjoying the welfare of the europe . 
  we lost by 1.2 m votes and at least 1/3rd came from overseas . 
  enemies of the liberty do n't deserve anything decent . 
  more like with a thunderous cursing between no and yes voters . 
  turkish nation has been divided into two like a watermelon . 
  i mean , there 's no way you can unite no voters and yes voters after this referendum . 
  electoral board make unsealed ballots valid at 5 pm , literally the time which voting ends and counting begins . 
  hdp and chp objected because the claim is unvalid votes are counted as valid ( and guess which party those votes counted for ), 
  looks like akp bastards stole the votes again . 
  their ass burned over hdp and chp 's objection to ballots . 
  hdp also will object the 60 % of the ballots . 
  because nobody trusts regime 's `` news '' agency . 
  60 % of the ballot boxes have been objected by chp due to electoral board 's last minute legalisation of non-sealed ballots . 
  good luck to all far right parties in europe . 
  those unneeded parasites have to be vanished . 
  ankara went red !, 
  chp strongholds ' votes are not in and even in this situation , istanbul goes red !!, 
  regime 's news agency started `` yes '' from % 60 to cause frustration among people . 
  ballot box results in the school i monitor are all no leading . 
  the opposite actually , pollsters say the higher attendance number , the higher no votes . 
  i tried to find an average number between 85 and 90 while trying to be realistic . 
  4 hours later , approx . 
  attendance is really high . 
  it would n't be a surprise if the turnout going to be above 88 % . 
  attendance is really high for the ballot i monitor . 
  i see many disabled people came to cast their vote . 
  approx . 
  250 out of 400 people have voted as of 1 pm . 
  edit : 326 people have voted as of 3.43 pm . 
  i voted no , i feel so good . .
