  other crucial role for turkey is keeping the iranian threat at bay . 
  i do n't need to remind their relations with usa i guess . 
  at this point , defending/supporting turkey is defending/supporting nato . 
  now please look at the map first ; 1 . 
  with the kurdish corridor , turkey will lose its importance in the region . 
  americans will likely to choose new kurdish state in syria/iraq over turkey because they already support them although turkey clearly oppose and announced that they 're the biggest threat . 
  with the support , it 's not hard to see that possible-state will be very pro-usa . 
  from us point of view , why would they have to bear erdo\u011fan while there 's an alternative state with a way more favourable view for usa and ** it has oil ** 2 . 
  with that corridor , pkk can use it ass safe haven and will definitely strengthen them . 
  do you see turkish part of kurdistan ? 
  then you also see that our iranian border is gone . 
  bordering to iran is very important because both we keep them at bay for nato and american security and we trade them ( especially on energy ) . 
  if that border is gone , our connection with the middle east will be totally gone and that cause turkey to lose its importance dramatically . 
  autonomy is an unlikely opinion because ; 1 . 
  turkish people is nationalist hence totalitarian . 
  the people want kurds to integrate into the main culture , not to ` create state within state . ', 
  more importantly , as understood from iraqi kurdistan ; autonomy will further their demands for independence and will act as they 're an independent country . 
  those reasons are blocking the government to give them autonomy . 
  good riddance . 
  because die linke and die gr\u00fcnen have nothing to lose about issues concerning turkey . 
  they also have strong anti-erdo\u011fan regime figures like sevim da\u011fdelen and cem \u00d6zdemir . 
  spd ca n't do shit because nearly every almanc\u0131 vote for them . 
  do n't know about cdu/csu though . 
  edit : grammar . 
  relevant username . 
  kurdish forces ' endgame is reaching the sea . 
  that 's why turkish government does n't want kobane canton to connect with afrin canton at all . 
  because in the moment they do this , they 'll go either for iskenderun or lattakia . 
  kurdish forces will try both ways as long as they can but they have to connect cantons first . 
  the `` damned if you do , damned if you do n't '' times has n't come for usa in syria yet . 
   assads military is too strong and backed by russia and iran . 
  nearly impossible for the kurds to reach the sea . 
  more importantly , neither lattakia nor iskenderun has sizable kurdish populace so it will be really hard for them . 
   i don \u00b4 t really understand that . 
  turkey thinks a independent kurdish state on syrian territory is a threat to its national security - but a radical islamist syria isn \u00b4 t ? 
  naive thought . 
  kurdish groups in syria and iraq want to create a kurdish corridor from suleymaniyah to iskenderun or lattakia . 
  with that corridor , they can extract and transport the oil by their own . 
  why turkey does n't want it ? 
  in the current status , iraqi kurdish oil is being sold to israel via turkish ports , with that corridor kurds can sale it by their own so turkey will lose the revenue from oil trade . 
  this corridor will seperate turkey and the middle east and will definitely damage the regional power status of the country . 
  turkey wo n't be * that * important in the region . 
  this corridor will be safe haven for pkk & pjak and will definitely strengthen pkk morally and financially to gain soil from turkey and iran . 
  both countries ' main threat is kurdish seperatists , remember . 
  this corridor will cause turkey to lose her importance in the middle east for usa/nato . 
  you do n't need to be einstein to see that kurdish state will be pro-usa and turkish government thinks that in case of this happens , usa/nato wo n't need them and the country will become powerless . 
  consider the support they gain from europe & usa , the airforce support they get from usaf , military support they get from several european countries ; imagine what will happen if corridor is created . 
  i hope i did explain things about kurdish groups from the turkish government 's point of view . 
   muslim brotherhood let 's call it morsi . 
  tayyip supported him because he was the elected president of egypt by 52 % of the votes until the coup . 
  apart from that , tayyip has no connection with the brotherhood . 
   hamas true . 
  the government supported them until the agreement with israel , now they 're expelled from turkey and all support to them is cancelled . 
   islamic groups in syria who did n't ? 
  european governments and usa also supported them until late-2014 , then they changed sides and root for kurdish groups since then . 
  turkey has no other option than supporting rebels because other sides are pkk and assad regime . 
  our syrian policy is a total disaster , we should 've just built a trump style wall on syrian border in 2011 and should n't have involved that mess . 
  me becoming president of turkey has higher possibility than introducing death penalty . 
  relax . 
  that 's not a threat , it 's eu 's fault to play into tayyip 's hand . 
  if you play into his hand , expect a threat from him . 
  instead of supporting greece and italy 's efforts to keep refugees away from eu borders or increasing the budget of frontex or simply building walls ; eu officials decided to pay tayyip to keep refugees away from them . 
   turkey is intentionally ignoring common european rules . 
  it just honest to say the obvious . 
  turkey shows no intention to commit to common rules , so there will be membership to the club . 
  you are not keen on democracy ? 
  that 's sad but we will have to accept it . 
  it is your country , but we do n't want that in the eu !, 
  turkey stopped to care about eu in like 2006 . 
  different culture , different geopolitic location and different religion make it impossible for us to join and many europeans did n't want us because of those so , why bother ? 
  i do n't understand why we do keep this relation meanwhile both sides do n't want to continue it . 
  well i just said what i see . 
  it 's not overreaction when you consider the amount of turkish diaspora in vienna . 
  austria or germany is not just some country for turkish government because that . 
   austria is n't hostile . 
  it 's a natural reaction . 
  so is turkey 's response . 
   yeah we should have said what austria did but merkel has no spine . 
  erdogan could spit in her face and she would be sorry she was in the way of his spit . 
  because she knows eu external border security is a total disaster and it 's up to tayyip to whether cause another refugee crisis . 
  tayyip would unleash those refugees from every nation on earth as soon as eu officials go against him . 
   there 's a difference if a random european says it or if a state leader says it . 
  find me state leader who said that and you have a point . 
  well brexiteers are a good start . 
  i asked , `` what 's with austria 's super hostile stance towards turkey after the coup attempt ? '' . 
  not what tayyip said about cem \u00d6zdemir and his buddies . 
  as the examples you gave indicates , it would be pretty normal if those things came from germany , but it comes from austria instead . 
  that 's the purpose of my question . 
  what turkish govt did to austria and austrian politicians ? 
   the real hostility is all from turkey . 
  major leading politicians hurl the most crude insults at european leaders for months now . 
  it goes both ways y' know . 
  europeans say `` omg they 're 80 mil muslim country , omg they border to syria iraq , omg tayyip is literally hitler . 
  '' , tayyip and his buddies respond it with their own ways . 
  what 's with austria 's super hostile stance towards turkey after the coup attempt ? 
  `` do n't go to turkey '' ads , declaring to veto tr-eu bid , now this . 
  t. putin, 
  this is what happens when you let saudis and qataris to build mosques . 
  even an integrated muslim can be turned into isis maniac by this imam , in case you wonder why there are so many isis militants in europe . 
  you 're right but your reason is wrong .
