  but i do n't advise you to expect any move on foreign policy from turkey nowadays because there 's a serious turmoil in state institutions and in the society so the government focused only on internal affairs . 
   there was n't a realistic chance of this changing soon , and met all other requirements . 
  it 's turkey . 
  i would 've said there was n't a realistic chance of coup attempt in this year if you asked me at mid-day of july 15th . 
  everything is possible in this country . 
  average people do n't vote for ideologic reasons but for leaders and economic programme and opposition leaders are n't favourable by even the supporters of the parties but the corruption keeps them in their seats . 
  well those people are conservatives , what do you expect from them to yell ? 
   that is a bit too simplistic . 
  the turkish state and society after decades of closing chapters and negotiating would be a different one . 
  because there was hope , ca n't speak for the government but the people actually believed that one day we can join the eu if we do our homework . 
  then protests and anti propaganda against tr 's accession began which directly targets the identity of the society ( omg they are muslim they are 80 mil ) and geopolitic location of the country ( omg they border to iran and iraq ) . 
  those are not something you can change . 
  and after polls like [ this ] ( https://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/attachments/pdf/2011/essay_turkey_barysch_25sept07-1392.pdf ) in 2007 , the hope was gone . 
   you mean the deal not respected by turkey ? 
  it is n't only about migrants , money and visa . 
  things like anti terrorist law has n't been implemented . 
  i do n't mean that , i meant whatever eu does , it 'll play into tayyip 's hands nothing more . 
  he does n't expect anything from this deal . 
  visa would work for us secularists but i do n't think tayyip seriously want this in these days . 
   i guess that 's why turkey asked that the deal should restart eu accession and grant visa ? 
  eu accession is a procedure and diplomatic way of saying `` we 're with you . '', 
  do n't try to get different meaning from it . 
  he wants something to receive with getting migrants from eu , visa is one of them but the main goal is receiving something . 
  be it trade deal or visa-free regime or bla bla bla . 
  i hope i explained the thing . 
   and what about eu money ? 
  not speaking only about syrian refugees but also those linked to accession to the eu , cooperation deal ... only 2 mio of 3 bln has been paid . 
  it 's not a thing to worry about for eu . 
  do n't know the fate of that cooperation deal but does n't seem well . 
   or even agreement already passed that could be cancelled . 
  yup . 
  it 's not about chapters . 
  turkish government and the folk know that even if we close all those chapters , we wo n't join the eu . 
  why ? 
  in all european countries except some eastern countries were against of our accession when turkey was being considered as an example , as a model for middle eastern countries to follow , when erdo\u011fan considered as democratiser etc. 
  europeans basically do n't want a country with 80 mil . 
  muslim population to join eu . 
  tayyip is a perfect opportunity to base this claim but i do n't think the general consensus would change if we had secular centre-left head of state . 
  it 's called playing into tayyip 's hand , not blackmail . 
  let 's agree on it first . 
  eu wanted to stop refugee influx at any cost and tayyip used this opportunity perfectly , that 's the situation . 
  every side acts for their interests . 
  eu need to decide what they really want , do n't expect tayyip to lose . 
  he 'll win with both options . 
  visa-free regime works for him , breaking the deal also works for him because he 'll get rid of syrians in this country . 
  it 's eu who extend this weirdo situation . 
  oh , i almost forgot . 
  eu accession aka carrot on a stick wo n't work this time . 
  edit : grammar . 
  my comment was so obvious that i think that would be insulting for people on this sub if i used '' / s '' . 
  sarcasm is `` a sharp , bitter , or cutting expression or remark ; a bitter gibe or taunt . '', 
  sarcasm may employ ambivalence , although sarcasm is not necessarily ironic . 
  `` the distinctive quality of sarcasm is present in the spoken word and manifested chiefly by vocal inflections '' . 
  the sarcastic content of a statement will be dependent upon the context in which it appears . 
  i think you meant secular turks ; liberal retards licked tayyip 's ass like there 's no tomorrow from 2007 to 2013 . 
  true . 
  roads are in extremely bad condition and it has very mountainous terrain in the east . 
  cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me of this country migrate to canada and usa for a long time . 
  sorry guys . 
  this is what happens when you take illiterate peasants en masse and let them create ghettos in your country . 
  dumbass turkish rednecks vs pkk supporters whoever wins , we lose . 
   and what arguments do you have that these `` gulenists '' are not just people that disagree with erdogan ? 
  because no non-g\u00fclenists erdo\u011fan opponent has taken into custody so far . 
  otherwise it would 've stirred outrage and surely it would 've been posted on / r/europe . 
  turkey is not united kingdom or france or latvia . 
  we 're a very politicised people , everyone knows everyone 's ideology . 
  everyone 's open about their views . 
   right now , and years passed i see turkey limiting social media and the press , people getting replaced with more obedient ones aka purging gulenists , and the power more and more going to a single man : erdogan , because he can control tje obedient puppies , the media ( because of jailed journalists ) and the military ( purges ) all while using gulenists as a scapegoat or an incentive . 
  first , limiting social media and press has nothing to do with this . 
  in fact , social media in turkey is more popular than ever before nowadays because all the information comes out of it first . 
  second , g\u00fclenists had worked to leak into state institutions since 1986 and their leak into state institutions went sky high after akp took office in 2002 elections . 
  erdo and g\u00fclen were buddy buddy back then and they planned to purge secularists out of state institutions with fabricated evidences ; with ergenekon & sledgehammer trials , they took purging to a whole new level , and as you can imagine , g\u00fclenists have replaced into the positions left by secularists . 
  they already took control of key positions like personnel assignment or board of management of \u00d6sym , main exam centre of turkey so leaking into important places was really fast . 
  they . 
  adore . 
  power . 
  they think they 're so powerful that even tayyip will obey them . 
  tayyip refused to give them m\u0130t , national intelligence centre . 
  whatever happened , happened after that incident . 
  tayyip decided to close private classrooms which were main revenue source of this cult , cult responded back with 17-25 corruption investigation . 
  you know the rest . . you can say many things about g\u00fclenists but scapegoat is n't one of them . 
  in fact , they 're the last to be called scapegoat . 
  they 've done so many damage in this country so whatever tayyip does to them , it will be seen as `` revenge '' . 
  i can emphatise with you though . 
  i know westerners very well . 
  that 's what you think when western media only reports akp akp akp akp akp erdo\u011fan erdo\u011fan erdo\u011fan erdo\u011fan erdo\u011fan so you think there 's only that erdo\u011fan guy and his supporters in this country . 
  north korea-ish . 
  it is n't . 
  the whole coup thing can be summarised by a single versus : democratically elected islamist authoritarian vs cult leader who wants to come to turkey like khomeini did and turn this country into iran 2.0, 
  lately there was a conversation about secular turks migrating to europe on this subreddit , at `` erdo\u011fan declares state of emergency '' thread i suppose . 
  several germans wondered why when i said we secular turks want to migrate to countries where turkish presence is low . 
  they also wondered why when i said secular turks definitely wo n't migrate germany , austria , netherlands etc. 
  i think you get the answer now . 
  i still remember them making fun of kemalist soldiers and civilians who had been detained with fabricated evidence , supporting witch-hunt against us between 2008 - 2013 . 
  some of them even made fun of soldiers who committed suicide for all this unjustness . 
  saying `` where are you going without confessing '' etc. . 
  sorry to break your heart but those were not journalist , neither the newspapers ( zaman , taraf ) they worked for were newspapers . 
  and i wish them a painful death . 
  they are as journalists as pravda authors . 
  because they do n't fight isis for secularism and democracy but to have more territory and expand syrian kurdistan as much as they can .
