  iran and turkey have always been the biggest countries in this region . 
  those 2 countries fight over the influence over middle east . 
  that 's like minor-scale russia-usa rivalry i 'd say . 
  but the religion has definitely nothing to do with it . 
  i have n't followed the british news after brexit . 
  what caused britain to need of putin ? 
   you would have seen most of the army backing the coup good luck getting support of kemalist soldiers who are pro-eurasian and erdo\u011fan loyalists . 
  ( google avrasyac\u0131 subaylar )  turkey 's fragile economy to the border turkey 's economy runs on saudi & qatari money at the moment . 
  western investment is n't a thing for a while . 
   negative news everywhere , disclosures and scandals about erdogan and his administration so what were `` turkey supports isis , buys oil from it . '', 
  kind of news ? 
  there was no evidence to back this claim , this was solely fabricated by ypg/pkk militants to damage turkey 's image but everyone accepted this as a fact . 
   erdogan is there thanks to the us . 
  sure , they can get rid of him in one way or another if they want to . 
  they ca n't remove him unless they go full scale invasion , or assasination . 
  speaking of another coup is pointless because the pro-nato faction within the army mostly occured by g\u00fclenists . 
  even if there are g\u00fclenist sleeping cells in the military , us wo n't use them for now . 
  they have to wait until the dust has settles, 
  because forcefully grabbing territory from 4 countries to create us-friendly kurdistan will definitely ** not ** cause a major instability in the region and places for those * crazy muslims * to be active . 
  no polls , no articles , nothing . 
  74 % of people wants secularism . 
  it does n't matter how they want it , they can also want sharia law if they have problems with secularism but they insist on secularism still . 
  that 's really important . 
  what kind of islamisation are you talking about ? 
  mosques are empty except friday praying , only old people pray regularly , girls with headscarves even drink beer when they 're in pro-secular districts . 
  also religious schools do n't have some madrasa-esque education , they get the equal lessons with other schools ; just with addition of religious lessons . 
  imam hatip students are not * that * islamist either . 
  they are just conservatives and due to conversion of some secular schools into religious one , there are also important amount of left-wing and secular right-wing students . 
  not to mention those who consider secularism as a political view and would actually fight for it . 
  most important thing is if they want to flee , it 's not because of economic reasons but political one . 
  that means they would go to the countries where they can harbor the most . 
  if they really want to flee this country , they can join the party with other asians in aegean . 
  once they land in greece , greeks must give them asylum because human rights and all that fuzz , after that they can move every country in the eu freely . 
  on the other hand , there are only 8 mio passport holder of 80 million citizens . 
  so what i try to say is if you really want to seek asylum in europe , you can do it with or without visa-free regime . 
  visa-free regime does n't change things much . 
  visa-free regime is not freedom of movement , you guys need to understand that . 
  both isis and iraqi govt wo n't let them be independent . 
  same goes with syrian govt and the rebels . 
  does n't matter since greece is an eu member and when they get asylum , going to germany or france is n't a problem . 
  my point still stands ; although they know they are n't going to be send because human rights and all that , kurds do n't go to the greek islands en masse and claim asylum . 
  good luck getting soil from 4 countries which all of them dislike kurds and see their independence movements as the biggest threat . 
  turkey already has visa-free regime with greek islands , russia ( until jet crisis ) and they have n't experienced an influx of kurds want to get asylum . 
  why would europe ? 
  if you want to seek asylum in europe , you can do it with or without visa-free regime , like afghanis , somalians do right now . 
  why ? 
  there 's not enough evidence to support or deny this claim because the top squad is still unknown . 
  every soldier and general admitted to take orders from someone but nobody admitted to * give * orders by now . 
  some say a deserter imam who had been captured in the main rebel airbase ( what the hell an imam doing in the main rebel airbase during the coup attempt ? ), 
  by the police , then questioned and acquited by some prosecutor within 21 minutes in the morning of july 16th , is the head of the coup attempt . 
  there are still shit tons of unknown things about the coup . 
  for example we still do n't know what is the `` peace at home council '' . 
  it 's pretty clear that g\u00fclenists did this coup attempt . 
  but how they organised it , how many people participated in it , who was or were their head , was or were he/they civil or general , was there any foreign support are still unknown . 
  you 're welcome . 
  who else could it be ? 
  there are 3 factions within the army . 
  g\u00fclenists , kemalists and loyalists to erdo\u011fan . 
  those who say erdo\u011fan organised the coup himself do n't understand that those generals got lynched during the coup attempt , then have their ranks stripped , then have their salary seized . 
  what kind of general would accept to be humiliated that much just for someone ? 
  kemalist soldiers were loyal to the government during the coup attempt , that 's why the coup seemed so half-assed . 
  g\u00fclenists thought kemalist soldiers would side with them because they think common erdo\u011fan hatred would unite them . 
  it did n't worked that way . 
  so the only option , as we see with the purge , g\u00fclenist faction did it . 
  otherwise there would 've been a total purge of secularists from the social life . 
  why erdo does n't purge us while he got the chance and purges g\u00fclenists only ? 
  for some reason , literally everyone who 's been arrested is g\u00fclenist . 
  it 's either erdo misfiring a lot or it 's g\u00fclenist job . 
  interestingly accurate . 
  i thought it was some bullshit video about how erdo\u011fan is literally usame bin ladin . 
  he perfectly summarised the situation in this country . 
  people are polarised by political views , not religious views . 
  turkish people support secularism by % 70-75 . 
  erdo\u011fan himself recommended morsi government to embrace secularism in 2011 . 
  though , the increase of imam hatip schools and especially the conversion of secular schools into imam hatip ones , banning alcohol ads and purchase of it after 10 pm were revolting . 
  what can i say is secularism is not under threat . 
  vast majority support secular regime , akp respects secularism although some problems . 
  so as we chant on streets , turkey is and will remain secular . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  erdo is an opportunist guy . 
  there 's nothing he can get from rebels , his syrian policy is total disaster . 
  government does n't make an announcement about syria for a while , pro-gov media do n't publish anything about syria as well . 
  people want to send syrians away from turkey , be it their country or europe . 
  so in that case , witnessing a shift does n't sound unlikely . 
  everything is possible with erdo\u011fan if you give him right amount of what he wants . 
  he does n't get anything from supplying rebels but he also does n't want to step back because an authoritarian never steps back . 
  on the other hand putin is really serious about supporting assad so do n't be surprised if erdo flip-flops on syria . 
  we wo n't leave nato , not ever . 
  also nato officials are clever enough to understand that kicking us out of the alliance means giving us to russia on silver plate . 
  because erdo is an authoritarian . 
  an authoritarian never excuses and never steps back until shit really hit the fan . 
  i did n't posted that but there are always quite detailed comments on g\u00fclen on / r/turkey if you wonder . 
  i do n't blame you because i can understand how crazy that sound to a foreigner because it 's something you can never experience in europe but this cult has worked to leak into every institution since 1986 . 
  their goal is to establish an islamic state which g\u00fclen is supreme leader . 
  there are videos about him advising his followers to remain silent and uncovered until the time has come in 90 's . 
  when they were buddy buddy with akp between 2002-2013 they purged secularists from the social life and got the positions left by them so they became very strong within the state . 
  in 2013 , g\u00fclenists wanted 80 mp 's and the control of intelligence service from akp , erdo rejected . 
  that 's how the fighting began . 
  erdo shut down their private schools which were the main revenue source for them ; g\u00fclenists responded with 17-25 corruption investigation . 
  you know the rest . .
