  any person who investigated g\u00fclen and his islamic cult would agree with me . 
  apart from that and ergenekon & balyoz trials , they 're masters of taqiyyah . 
  you should probably heard it before . 
  pretending like others until the time has come . 
  g\u00fclenists in the military were hard to find because they do exactly what kemalist soldiers & generals do . 
  drink alcohol , openly oppose tayyip , ( pretend to ) value secularism etc. 
  after all those things , this theory sounds the most logical one and answers why the coup attempt was half assed . 
  it had to be half assed when kemalists did n't participate . 
   another theory stems from a police source , who said that the akp government had been planning to arrest gulen-supporting army officials on 16 july . 
  the source claims that when the coup-plotters learned about this , they went ahead and initiated the coup earlier than planned - hence the sloppiness . 
  this also sounds logical but there 's not much proof to claim it . 
  we have to have the pre-coup list of those who were going to be arrested after supreme military council . 
  because g\u00fclen is us friendly islamist who lives in penn freely whereas tayyip is independent and definitely not us friendly . 
  why bother to have tayyip while this cia puppet islamist is an option ? 
   yes they did . 
  they have no reason to organise a coup in turkey though because turkey is already in nato . 
  what is '80 coup ? 
  what is `` our boys did it '' ? 
  g\u00fclenist islamists ' names were already on list before the coup . 
  they were going to be arrested one by one . 
  this coup was nail in the coffin for them , now turkish government will take every kind of them once and for all . 
  i still can not believe this taqiyah-master old guy is considered like emmanuel goldstein kind of guy . 
  i do n't think any general would agree to lose their ranks and get beaten like there 's no tomorrow just for tayyip . 
  i also hate him with passion but claiming that he organised the coup is not logical . 
  there 's nothing to see here aside from extremely shitty forward mails . 
   in germany 54 % voted akp , 18 % voted hdp , 15 % voted chp % 72 voted for akp and hdp then , it 's fucked . 
   in austria 64 % voted akp , 14 % voted hdp % 78 voted for akp and hdp . 
  it 's even more fucked . 
  enjoy endless savagery comes from those people . 
  poor germany has a time bomb in her hands . 
  tayyip-supporting vast majority plus g\u00fclenists plus pkk sympatisers do n't look good . 
  alevis are based but they are minority . 
  also i would n't count them as diaspora because they also would n't count them as diaspora . 
  unlike other migrants , alevis were eager to integrate and be away from turkish nationality , being from turkey as much as possible . 
  i also do n't think they care what 's happening in turkey , anyone who consider himself or herself `` integrated '' should focus on things that are happening in the country he/she lives . 
  turkish diaspora in eu can not be divided over erdo\u011fan , turkish diaspora in eu have even more support for erdo\u011fan than in turks in turkey . 
  and you are bloody idiot if you think g\u00fclenists have that population to demonstrate the situation as division within turkish diaspora . 
  well there 's an inverse ratio between education level and favourable view of erdo\u011fan so he 's just one of an example . 
  i 'm glad if i helped you . 
  he has already treason cases , compension cases by ergenekon & balyoz victims and now this . 
  turkey will officially apply for his extradition and this coup attempt will be added on the file with proofs . 
  he wo n't dare because the military as whole did n't attempted the coup , only small group of soldiers who are g\u00fclenist . 
  the mass majority of army who are kemalist has the power now and he understands that if kemalist soldiers had participated in coup attempt , he would 've been arrested or killed by now . 
  ca n't say about other opposition parties ( especially hdp ) but he can not touch secularist opposition and chp . 
  he knows it . 
  what kind of crime do you want ? 
  he has done so many crimes by now but trying to overthrow the government of the country which has second largest army of nato , is valuable ally in the middle east , is crucial for relations between east and west bla bla bla via coup d'\u00e9tat looks enough for me . 
   so gulen is actually more islamist than erdogan ? 
  g\u00fclen is clever enemy , you can watch his videos on `` how to take over the government '' on youtube . 
  he 's more islamist than erdo\u011fan and a way more dangerous than him . 
  i hate when international media portray him as some kind of emmanuel goldstein , he 's not . 
  just search `` ergenekon & balyoz trials '' and see the literal definition of kangaroo court . 
   do ... you guys have a viable third ( secular ) option at all ? 
  ca n't say anything because everything is possible in turkey . 
  i 'd laugh if someone told me on mid-day 15th july that there 'll be coup attempt tonight . 
  it does make very much difference considering we 're talking about nato membership and foreign relations with usa . 
  the leader of the islamic cult whose soldiers tried to coup d'\u00e9tat and killed more than 150 + civilians , 60 + policemen is still living in the usa freely . 
  and with announcements like this will only strengthen akp 's claims about usa was behind the coup . 
  usa is betting on the wrong horse , everybody hates g\u00fclen for what he has done in the past ( ergenekon & balyoz trials , jailing secularist civilians and soldiers for just being secularist ) and what he 's doing right now . 
  the only right thing usa can do is delivering g\u00fclen to turkish government . 
   erdogan and his gang do n't need those pronouncements to continue their massive purge and its silly to suggestive it would make any substantive difference . 
  g\u00fclenists were already known before the coup . 
  they were listed before the coup . 
  akp wanted to take them step by step but after the coup attempt , they decided to take them for once and for all . 
   they are re-making turkey in lightning speed into a one-party islamist state . 
  tayyip 's ass saved by kemalist generals and soldiers who refused to join the coup attempt . 
  g\u00fclenists tried to appeal to kemalist generals and the anti-erdo\u011fan secular folk to gain support but they failed . 
  everything could 've been different otherwise . 
  tayyip thanked chp leader for standing for democracy , kemalist soldiers who have lost their job because of g\u00fclen-orchestrated balyoz trial are returning their jobs one by one . 
  tayyip wo n't do shit , tayyip ca n't do shit . 
  the real threat is the people who chose akp . 
  they acted like animals since tayyip ordered them to took the streets . 
  i wo n't even mention islamist ones who look like isis militants . 
  addition : although i do n't like ezgi ba\u015faran , she did a better job on [ explanation of coup attempt to outsiders ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36815476 ) than me . 
  beautiful way to play into tayyip 's hand since akp government think usa were behind this coup attempt . 
  akp and tayyip will definitely use this * warning * for their plans . 
  they were already listed for siding with fethullah and going to be arrested step by step but after the coup akp decided to arrest them once and for all . 
  islamists think you are traitor if you do n't support him . 
  why do they support him even though they are far away from him ? 
  because they live in a closed community . 
  they do n't have a communication with rest of the country . 
  neighbours are turkish , market owners are turkish , everyone is turkish so there 's no need to integrate into german culture . 
  they have created a parallel world within germany and they 're happy for it . 
  integration is a very important problem for those . 
  in addition , they always try to catch new migrants into their parallel world . 
  that 's another problem . 
  recep fan club \u2122 gave % 60 support for akp in germany in november 1st elections . 
  akp fanboy community is pretty strong within germany , france , netherlands etc. 
  classic european countries . 
  i do n't want to see them waving akp flags in the city square . 
  i want to be as far as possible from those people , not to live next to them . 
  that 's why people migrate or want to migrate to canada . 
  very good country with near to zero islamists . 
  i admire your optimism , i really do . 
  but nothing will change if you somehow manage to move all of them to here . 
  their body is in europe yes but their mentality is in the village they migrated from . 
  yes . 
   why are the expats in favour of erdogan ? 
  something something unskilled labour force . 
  why chp , secular main opposition party , became first in usa and canada ?
