  i understand why you are hesitant on this issue because you did n't have an experience with them like many turks do and the lack of english-translated vids of them make it sound like crazy conspiracy theory but it is n't . 
  any turk would agree with me . 
  only russians know . 
  they have only one purpose and it 's helping assad in every way . 
  true . 
  because turkish people do n't care what you are telling them , they care about how you are telling them . 
  the emotion they feel while you speak is more important than what you say . 
  honestly i do n't think this jet was being shot down with the permit of erdo or davidson because there was definitely no need to fuck up our relations with russia . 
  regardless of who ordered it , erdo really regretted that and jailed them as excuse to russia . 
  pilots who shot down that jet are in jail . 
  mutual interests are more important than emotions . 
  putin will have both increased control of black sea and easy access to med sea by closing to erdo\u011fan . 
  our syrian policy is a fucking joke and it 's failed . 
  people oppose it , erdo knows it . 
  the only thing he needs to do is ending the support to rebels and voil\u00e0 . 
  soldiers who kidnapped chief of the general staff wanted him to talk with their `` leader '' fethullah g\u00fclen by phone . 
  all generals had 1 dollar in their pockets . 
  then they confessed that those dollars came from g\u00fclen and those were used as id card within the cult based on the dollar 's serial code . 
  1 dollar with c serie indicates he 's more ranked than k serie in the cult . 
  pilot who bombed the parliament confessed that they took orders from his `` imam '' who is a civilian . 
  imams have their own hierarchical structure which fethullah is the top but imam  any non-imam g\u00fclenist . 
  that means they can give orders to those g\u00fclenist soldiers , judges , etc. 
  edit : extra information added . 
  i do n't know where to start . 
   i mean , you guys act like it 's a huge conspiracy from the west and all during the coup attempt , european media did n't side with the government and stayed silent , european governments also stayed silent until coup was successfully suppressed and it was clear that the government won . 
  us took it to a whole new level . 
  their media openly supported the coup plotters , nbc said erdo\u011fan fled to germany , some lt. col. said [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z19ev7b.jpg ) on fox news ( one of reasons why us are blamed by pretty much everyone for the coup attempt in turkey if you wonder . ), 
   how can firing thousands of people from universities because they 're political opponents be justified in any way ? 
  being political opponent is one thing , being a member of islamic cult which desires to make iranian revolution 2.0 in turkey is another . 
  i do n't say that turkey is very democratic country where everyone express their opinions without fear but those g\u00fclenists should 've been fired already . 
  g\u00fclenists purged many secularists from social life between 2007-2012 and got the positions left by them . 
  they did n't deserve those positions to begin with . 
  now kemalist soldiers who have been persecuted via ergenekon & sledgehammer trials are called to return their jobs . 
  i 'll say it again , calling them `` political opponent '' is an insult for real opponents to erdo\u011fan like me . 
   i suspect you guys are brainwashed by your own propaganda . 
  i 'm not brainwashed . 
  if they take some non-g\u00fclenist into custody , this will be on all over social media and it 'll cause demonstrations . 
  yes they took some of them but they released in the same day . 
  we have n't been brainwashed for 14 years , why should be brainwashed now ? 
  edit : image link . 
  well because erdo\u011fan successfully irritated pretty much everyone and g\u00fclenists are good at diplomacy . 
  as a result , western newspapers portrait him as some innocent 77 years old who lives in america and preaches moderate islam . 
  khomeini was also 77 years old when he returned to iran , khomeini lived in france and this guy just wanted to return like khomeini on july 15th . 
  majority are in favour of death penalty but the same majority change their mind at the speed of light when you say `` if there was death penalty during ergenekon & sledgehammer trials , those g\u00fclenists could 've hanged those innocent people . '', 
  so it heavily depends on arguments but i do n't think there will be any serious attempt to return death penalty . 
  well he should n't have shat on the west too much , now he gets anti-propaganda from the west in exchange . 
  turkey 's image lies in ruins , the only people who can change it is us . 
  that 's why he has to be ally with us at least for a while . 
   erdogan called for midnight gatherings in city squares to continue until wednesday which means he is still somewhat worried . 
  you too would 've been worried if even your first aide-de-camp turned out to be g\u00fclenist . 
  edit : grammar, 
  he is , just like other akp mp 's , erdo\u011fan 's mouthpiece . 
  i was talking about non-akp politicians . 
   the move , he says , would only come into force if parliament votes in favor . 
  for your information ; if erdo\u011fan really wants to do something , he starts with `` we will ... '' , not `` i 'll accept if parliament approves it . '', 
  he just says that to please his religious & nationalist voterbase , do n't expect much . 
  he 's smart enough to understand that g\u00fclen wo n't be extradited and the relations with west pretty much halted if death penalty returns . 
  by politicians you meant erdo\u011fan i think . 
  i have n't heard any politician to comment on the west besides him . 
  topkek . 
  no , i 'm just telling what they are doing . 
  doing these things and expecting other parties to get close to them is retarded . 
  well hdp need to be turkey 's party first if they want to be validated . 
  parroting \u00f6calan , \u00f6calan , biji kurdistan ; attending pkk terrorists ' funerals , singing pkk chants in the parliament do n't work on it . 
  sometimes i think they are some false flag organisation by republican party or some right-wing group . 
  because those blm clowns took seeking attention and being whiny bitch to a whole new level . 
  i blamed america for the power vacuum they created and caused islamic terrorists with it . 
  that was my main argument . 
  i do n't claim that mena people are very clever and angels but without us intervention , this region would 've solved its problems slowly but surely . 
  at least we would n't have isis . 
  bringing `` democracy '' to iraq while supporting the most oppressive regime in this world that is saudi arabia is why i hate american foreign policy . 
  well i do n't think they 'll kick us because we have the second biggest . 
  and probably the most important geopolitic location in the alliance . 
  this is a military alliance so as long as government see us and europe as ally , this will work . 
  kicking us wo n't be profitible for us in the forseenable future and putin would try everything for turkey to join their axis . 
  because blockading the road will definitely help to smash racism . 
  those clowns better off start crowd funding for the children in africa or for the education of children of african-american community if they care about their race so much . 
  you debunked nothing with only one example . 
  tunisia is where whole spring thing has started , also the only one without direct or indirect foreign intervention . 
  look at egypt , junta supported by us . 
  look at libya , civil war caused by us supported rebels . 
  not to mention nato soldiers during siege of tripoli . 
  look at iraq . 
  look at fucking syria . 
  those countries ' regime ancien were either pro-russia or anti-american . 
  also `` revolution '' hah , please . 
  only one example out of whole mena . 
  nice effort though . 
  coups during cold war do mean usa can be still behind the coup . 
  you do n't have go back ' 70 's . 
  the whole regime change thing during arab winter ( it 's very interesting that only russia-friendly or at least anti-american countries suffered from this winter . 
  saudi arabia , the most oppressive regime in this world , remains untouched . 
  ) , invading iraq because bush believed saddam had wmd 's , supporting the same person against iran . . usa orchestrated 3 coups in this country . 
  why it can not be behind this one ? 
  g\u00fclen is us based , us-friendly islamist than tayyip after all . 
  edit : 2 sentences added . 
  that opinion article somehow failed to mention operation ajax for example , which was one of main reasons to cause islamic revolution in iran , or '73 chilean coup d'\u00e9tat , or '80 turkey coup d'\u00e9tat , or gladio ; and tried to push the narrative that `` the whole turkish nation believe that usa was behind the coup just because they are deluded . '', 
  white-washing fethullah g\u00fclen who has worked so hard to infiltrate the state since 1986 , showing him as some innocent 77 years old muslim cleric who did n't do nothing will do nothing but fuel the increasing anti-americanism in this country . 
   over the long term , the united states and nato have a more profound problem on their hands : what to do with a vital ally that is veering far from democratic norms ? 
  american officials say they have begun to study options , including whether nato might one day have to decide on some kind of consequences , so far unspecified , for antidemocratic behavior .
