  4 months ago he defended secularism against parliament speaker who made some remarks against secularism . 
  turkish state meddles with religion since the foundation and it goes well so far . 
  if the state does n't control the religion then saudis will . 
  burqas cover all , you do n't have to cover face , hands , foots ; however you 're supposed to cover the rest of the body . 
   because ottoman era women did veil themselves i 'll search it , thanks anyway . 
  these tactics saved us from being another afghanistan for instance . 
  no , it 's thanks to secular education and government controlled mosques . 
  you can not establish secularism properly without the control of education and mosques in the middle east . 
  logical but only if the government stands with the women who do n't want to wear it , protects her against their community . 
  otherwise , those women will locked in their home . 
  yay , just look at chechens . 
  people wear nazi regalia by their free will , not much of burqa wearing women wear it by their free will . 
  burqa is a result , not the source of oppression . 
  it 's your call . 
  i just said what possibly could happen with this ban . 
   nobody has claimed the problem of islamic fundamentalism will be solved by banning the burqa yet you keep trying to attack that strawman . 
  i gave my opinion on how to tackle the problem of islamic fundamentalism and how this ban will * increase * the problem of islamic fundamentalism . 
  not other thing . 
   the burqa is a regressive symbol . 
  period . 
  it deserves to be banned regardless of its cultural background . 
  it really is n't harder than that . 
  look , 20-30 years ago we tried it on headscarf . 
  it 's seen as regressive symbol and it should be banned . 
  think what happened ? 
  wearing headscarf became an identity and women who is n't that religious also wore it to support/solidarity . 
  now , we have more headscarved women than before the ban . 
  burqa ban will also make burqa an identity , a symbol . 
  that 's i 'm talking about . 
  not many burqa wearing women wear it by their free will . 
  that 's the first thing . 
  if you ban burqa , then their husbands/family/brother will force them not to leave home . 
  burqa ban wo n't solve any problem . 
  i 've already said , the only way to tackle it is via education and supervision of places they go regularly . 
  this . 
  their husbands , fathers , whatever will `` warn '' them not to leave house . 
  so why the women do n't wear it today ? 
  how they exactly did try ? 
  they should n't let saudi and qatari governments to build mosques , they should n't let them to use those mosques to marginalise muslim community , they should n't let muslims to create ghettos , they should n't let islamic * cultural * organisations to do whatever they want without government 's supervision . 
  you are not fighting against some dressing code , you are fighting against an ideology . 
  the things i listed are the source of said ideology . 
  you need to drain the swamp , not to kill flies . 
  banning clothes wo n't solve any problem , in fact it will further radicalise the community . 
  as i said ; mosques , islamic cultural centres and islamic education centres must be checked by the government and , if possible , the governments must appoint secular imams to the mosques . 
  saudi or qatar funded mosques should be closed or nationalised because those mosques are the main reason of isis supporting community within european muslims . 
  if you want to transform those people , those are the steps you should take . 
  because blue mosque is super popular among arab tourists hence you can see lots of burqa-wearing women there . 
  because your immigrants are mostly arabs . 
  turks are not arabs . 
  burqa has never been a part of our culture . 
  burqa is not an islamic clothing , it 's a cultural one which belongs to bedouins . 
  covering face , hands and foots is n't written in quran . 
  also tackling extremism and making them embrace the secularism/laicite/laiklik / whatever can not be done via bans . 
  we have already tried it 20 years ago and it failed . 
  mosques , islamic cultural centres and education centres should be checked by the government to tackle extremism , not banning their clothings . 
  governments should remove the reasons for women to wear it instead of banning it . 
  ca n't say anything about iranian migrants in germany because i do n't know them . 
  but german turks , who claim to be even nationalistic than turks in turkey , speak and act like that and it 's tragicomic . 
   well , it 's not a thing that a country has to give rights to it 's nationals who have n't lived in the country more than x years a right to vote . 
  it 's also about turkish legislation and the governments want them to vote . 
  i know and that 's the exact reason why i protested against . 
  ruling parties and pro-kurdish party will always use them to gain votes via biased tv channels , paid * cultural * organisations and so on . 
  they always talk about how good everything is in germany and look down on turkey when they 're here , they call basic things in german although they know them in turkish ( they say schokolade not \u00e7ikolata or fussball instead of futbol etc. 
  ) , they say `` oh do you also have x in turkey ? '', 
  on every fucking thing and so on . 
  then i sae german comments on them and i get shocked everytime . 
  i do n't know why but they simply reject values of the society they 're present in the moment . 
   maybe this could be better for turkey though , not some hordes voting for erdogan or turkist-islamist and islamist-turkist political parties . 
  i do n't understand why someone who lives in another country and only visits here from summer to summer has a right to determine my future in this country . 
  they do n't know anything about in this country . 
  they call us `` you turks '' , use german terms , embrace anything german . 
  they have their own culture which conflicts with both turkish and german culture . 
  you should n't have a right to vote the determine the citizens ' future who lives in the country you do n't live in . 
  simple as that . 
   but what is the significance of a corridor between afrin and the eastern kurdish areas in syria ? 
  from what point of view ? 
  from kurdish groups ' point of view , it 's crucial because it 's seen as an important step to independent kurdistan . 
  from turkish government 's point of view , i explained [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4xz43e/german_interior_ministry_turkish_government/d6jt3qd?st=is92wpiu&amp;sh=8d7d4551 ) . 
  from other neighbouring countries ' point of view , territorial integrity comes first hence their governments also oppose it . 
   wo n't there be a safe haven for kurdish separatists regardless ? 
  current situation is in favour of pkk anyway . 
  most of kurdish suicide bombers are from syria for instance . 
  pkk also increased their attacks due to ypg 's territory in northeastern syria . 
  the corridor can only worsen the situation . 
  turkey has ** a lot ** to lose if kurdish corridor is being established . 
  i [ explained ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4xz43e/german_interior_ministry_turkish_government/d6jt3qd?st=is92wpiu&amp;sh=8d7d4551 ) why turkey opposes ypg even more than isis . 
  isis is a new threat which has no public support from within the public , pkk is a 40 years old problem and they 're supported by important amount of kurds . 
  more than 40.000 people killed . 
  even today 5 soldiers got killed by them . 
  isis has no chance to destabilise turkey as they did in iraq and syria because unlike turkey , they had some support from the local folk in those countries . 
  pkk can do it easily with this corridor , this corridor will be safe haven for every seperatist kurdish organisation and especially for pkk & pjak . 
  middle eastern problems and middle eastern policy can not be understood from neither from the west nor from the east . 
  it can only be understood from middle east itself . 
  iran , syria or iraq will be ok with turkey to deal with kurdish groups in syria because those groups also said countries ' main thread to their territorial integrity . 
  i can answer questions if anyone asks something . 
  considering many syrian refugee neighbourhoods magically became isis cells in south-eastern turkey ; wherever they are , isis threat is with them i 'd say . 
  when pkk border turkey , [ those ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4xz43e/german_interior_ministry_turkish_government/d6jt3qd?st=is7fcf00&amp;sh=17228a86 ) will happen ; when isis border turkey , erm . . well , they 're isis , do i need to write anything ? 
   he should probably step aside and let someone else take the reigns -- these bombings will only continue so long as his regime continues . 
  resigning is n't even a thing in this part of the world . 
  even ministers do n't resign after a tragic or scandalous event , let alone erdo\u011fan .
