   is this about evolution being seen as anti-islamic this , have always been this . 
  arrogant elitism or `` arguments '' like that had been a mask for islamic agenda of erdo 's govt between 2007-2013 . 
  after 2013 , they decided that they do n't need to hide their intentions anymore . 
  that 's why erdo seemed went full retard after 2013 . 
  alcohol in northern cyprus is sooo cheaper than turkey , also gambling is legal there so our famous guys go there regularly . 
   this is another reason why i regret the coup d'etat failed , forgive me for saying so . 
  do n't feel anything bad because it was not a real and/or serious coup . 
  it was reichstag fire 2.0 . 
  i said so because it was either staged or some desperate incident which erdo used it to strengthen his power . 
  i beg this era to come to an end . 
  well the siege is well known in tr , ca n't say much about other countries . 
   if they want to be governed like this , it 's up to them . 
  eh i would n't say they like to be governed like this since your opinion does n't matter when you live in an oppressing regime . 
  plus putin 's approval rate & united russia 's votes are quite high which causes despair for the opposition . 
   but are there any pics of him without make-up on ? 
  hard to find since you should have the balls of steal to take his bad photos . 
  croatia 's results are interesting . 
  is it due to economical reasons or the way yugoslavia ruled after tito 's death ? 
  it 's not a joke . 
  he looks horrible when he does n't make up . 
  living in constant fear makes you zombie-like . 
  i mean , he rules a country where half of the population would kill him in a moment they have the chance . 
  oppressive regimes are always in need of enemy to consolidate the support . 
  when the enemy is n't inside of the country , random country is picked as the enemy . 
   the feel when i had to activate vpn to see that image in a thread that about freedom of press . 
  why live ? 
  nato have never been a `` value sharing '' organisation . 
  it 's also not now . 
  not to mention that kicking tr out of nato means kicking turkey to russia 's chest . 
  and erasmus students . 
  most of uni students in tr choose pl on erasmus . 
   wtf is happening in turkey behind closed doors if that 's happening in washington ? 
  better not say . 
  erdo 's bodyguards are as dangerous as erdo himself . 
  they terrorise the people wherever erdo goes . 
  the question is , why did us police let them beat as they wish ? 
  rotterdam police treated them as an invasion army and they were right to do so . 
  why us police did n't ? 
  dude i 'm for real . 
  unless you invented time machine , there 's nothing you can do about that . 
  but that does n't mean you have to burden the refugees . 
  you can create safe zones within those countries and guard it with a professional army . 
  it 's not like people wearing flip-flops and ak-47 's at their hand can do anything to an european professional soldier . 
  with that you should stop lots of illegal immigrants coming to your country , also stop human traffickers to make money and can register the refugees easily so you can take the skilled ones into your country if necessary . 
  i was talking about intervention to halt refugee influx and isis , not us ' regime change adventure to sell weapons and buy oil cheaper . 
  by intervention i do n't mean `` boots-on-ground '' , more like creating safe zones within syria , iraq , libya and create camps . 
   leave syria alone . 
  leave libya alone . 
  enjoy refugee influx . 
   leave iraq alone . 
  enjoy isis . 
   leave venezuela alone . 
  enjoy being dependant on saudi arabia for oil . 
  non-intervention is like ignoring cancer but intervention with wrong policy is also like taking headache pills for cancer treatment . 
  along with ave maria !, 
  fuck this shit . 
  i hope bulgaria will win . 
  greece to cyprus , cyprus to greece . . 
  seriously . 
  why is there eiffel tower in every france related thing ? 
  i hope that 's the reason since our govt try to isolate us as much as possible . 
  contre nous de la tyrannie, 
   in general , i 'm curious how turkish turks feel about emigrants ( who wo n't be oppressed by erdogan ) forcing this on them . 
  people call them hypocrites , demanding them to live here or exchange citizenship with us and cheer for the news about possible ending of dual citizenship . 
  ( as far as i can remember , some austrian minister was planning to do so and people loved it here ) i saw so much hateful tweets against them in referendum night . 
  still better than our referendum . 
  well spying on regime critics is what a police state would do . 
  in feudalism , there are two classes . 
  landlords and serfs . 
  landlords owns the means of production and serfs own nothing . 
  in feudalism , more you have land , more you have serfs and wealth since the income based on agricultural products & animal husbandry . 
  feudalism dies when industries are being built up because both means of production and relations of production change . 
  landlords do n't have the authority they used to had when factories pop up , so does factory owners and those factory owners take his serfs as workers . 
  ottoman empire was a backwards empire which it took 300 years to bring printing press . 
  industrialisation began in the latest era of the empire if any . 
  you obviously neither know what feudalism means nor history of turkey . 
  i hope , i just hope you know i meant ottoman empire when i said `` country '' . 
  also , lol , what do you think the empire 's economy based on when there 's no factory and no working class ? 
  yes , bingo !, 
  so is that why pkk and hdp pander to landlords to get support/votes ? 
  lol . 
  early republican era was n't feudalism friendly my friend . 
  the whole country was ruled by feudalism back then . 
  now ? 
  only south-eastern area . 
  it 's not my concern if that region constantly resist to modernisation process via rebellions and terrorism . 
   besides , it had been a century ... why havent any landreforms been done and south-east remained an highly unequal society ? 
  hmm . . maybe because they still practice feudalism there and ataturk 's life was n't long to get rid of it . 
   simple , an educated people aware of its class and identiy rises up . 
  educated people ? 
  what ? 
  what kind of educated people lives in feudal society ? 
  let 's call it landlords and their inner circle . 
  because there was n't educated people there to begin with . 
  do you know how feudalism works ? 
  landlords have servants who do n't have a luxury to disobey him . 
  bw it in economy or in war . 
  considering the most important landlords came together to revolt , it 's no surprise to see a high dead ratio . 
  however , i take the 40.000 dead claim with a grain of salt . 
  i have yet to see a historical source about 40.000 dead people .
