  because doctors , engineers , programmers etc. 
  all that moved for those countries meanwhile european countries took illiterate villagers from central anatolia en masse . 
  no country in europe ( maybe except scandinavian ones ) will be favoured by secular turks because of akp supporting diaspora ( aka same people they want to flee from ) . 
  they want english-speaking countries like usa , canada ( the most favourite country by far ) , australia . 
  i 'll speak for myself , i feel i have to flee because the country 's future is dark as hell , because staying here and waiting islamists to attack me is not logical option . 
  so in case of migration , i do n't want any erdo\u011fan supporter brain dead people in the country i 'll move to . 
  i 'll flee my country because of these fucking cunts and the * masterpiece * they 've created . 
  an islamic organisation which founded in 60 's to seize the control of the government . 
  they used every possible way to gain support , money , occupation etc. 
  they praised the junta in '97 and '80 so the junta took care of other islamic organisations ( i.e. 
  rival organisations ) and let g\u00fclen 's alone . 
  before 2002 elections , they started to leak into police academia and became buddy buddy with tayyip . 
  after tayyip became prime minister with clear majority in the parliament , their leaking into the institutions became rocket high . 
  first the police academia fell into their hands , then they leaked judiciary . 
  everything was happening under tayyip 's approval by the way . 
  then akp and g\u00fclen decided to weaken the army then start ergenekon & balyoz trials . 
  ergenekon was for secular civilians who publicly oppose islamism and akp . 
  balyoz was for kemalist generals . 
  they 've succeed , turkish armed forces has been weakened so they tried to leak into it as well but unlike the others , the army was tough nut because it 's independent from the government , has their own system , schools etc. 
  so they put a mask on their faces ( metaphorically ) , act like they 're one of them , drink alcohol etc. 
  but the rest of them already knew what they really are according to my friend who are close to the military . 
  anyway , after 2013 summer ; g\u00fclen thought that he 's so powerful that he can even beat tayyip . 
  it 's not clear why they are seperated though . 
  some say g\u00fclen wanted 150 mp from tayyip , some say g\u00fclen wanted intelligence service from him , some say something . 
  you know the rest after this point . 
  let 's come to this coup attempt . 
  the generals who have been arrested by g\u00fclen 's prosecutor have sided with democracy and denounced coup . 
  poor junta though . 
  they thought kemalist generals and soldiers would side with them and would get rid of tayyip . 
  they also thought secular anti-tayyip crowd would side with them . 
  they did n't thought how much kemalist soldiers , anti-tayyip folk hate g\u00fclen for what he has done before . 
  people are supporting erdo\u011fan because they voted for him . 
  the majority voted for him . 
  i hate him to guts but let 's be honest here , he 's democratically elected president of the country . 
  personally i wo n't go out and demonstrate my support for erdo\u011fan because of obvious reasons but that does n't mean i support military coup . 
  nothing can be solved via military coup . 
  erdo\u011fan is a piece of shit , but he 'll be gone once the opposition get their shit together and put strong candidates who know the public . 
  turkey is not russia , erdo\u011fan has no public support like putin has . 
  relax . 
  all those reasons are why kemalist soldiers and generals did n't participated in the coup and the anti-tayyip folk did n't go out and showed their support for the coup as many outsiders expected . 
  why should i pray when especially this attack was motivated from a religion ? 
  french secularism is the only way to combat islamism and its terrorism , not praying . 
  not praying at all . 
   more than 100 journalists have been dismissed or have resigned from poland 's public broadcaster this year , a measure of the major changes underway there . 
  some journalists say that anyone perceived as critical of the law and justice party is now under threat . 
  shortly after the party took office , it changed laws giving poland 's finance ministry the direct power to appoint the head of the broadcaster . 
  the new head is jacek kurski , a member of the law and justice party and a former member of european parliament . 
  hmmm ... why does it sound soooo similar to me ? 
  interesting . 
  interesting because an average child whose parents are doctors and engineers hardly become a religious person unless their parents integrate their own child into both culture or swiss culture . 
  living in minority-majority ( let 's not call it ghetto ) neighbourhoods are also effective to make those children to be undecided on everything ( see : kreuzberg ) . 
  also if their parents are secularists , why do their child/ren want to go to mosque ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  i have n't needed to go to mosque in my entire life lol . 
  countries where turkish diaspora present do n't have the residency laws like switzerland , plus they had open border policy and getting citizenship via marriage was a thing , plus switzerland is serious about swiss culture and way of life . 
  then their parents born elsewhere and not integrated to the swiss society . 
  unless switzerland had open-border policy in 50 's - 70 's , my points still stands . 
  well i 'm sure they 'll deport many of them in the moment they do something against the law or swiss culture . 
  i hope they 'll stay as tourists , seeing news about boys who reject to shake their teachers ' hand and girls who reject to swim with boys are depressing already . 
  the problem is not implementing fines up to 8k sterlin for wearing burka . 
  the problem is what the hell those burka-wearing people do in switzerland ? 
  considering switzerland only accept highly-skilled migrants from eastern countries ** and ** considering the near-impossibility of being highly-skilled and wearing burka , how did those people manage to move to switzerland ? 
  we have non-qur ` an coastline from eastern thrace to aegean and mediterranean if it counts . 
  he has an islamic agenda . 
  sometimes he uses nationalist rhetoric to achieve this agenda that 's all . 
  any person who values muslim arab more than non-muslim turk is anything but nationalist . 
  then do n't give them money . 
  build factories , schools , hospitals , infrastructure by your own in their country . 
  cheaper and more effective . 
  that 's what turkish government do in somalia . 
  it 's all depend on conservative kurdish votes . 
  conservative kurds are very pro-turkey and dislike anything about kurdish seperatism . 
  nowadays hdp seem successfully took the bait and use the same rhetoric with pkk . 
  perfect reason to lose votes . 
  what akp gain by granting syrian citizenship is votes . 
  they want to guarantee their position in elections with them . 
  that was the main reason why tayyip let them in en masse . 
  3 fucking million syrians whom we do n't know anything about . 
  i do n't even talk about the rise of crime , suicide bombings and all that shit that came with them . 
  yet tayyip gives them citizenship because getting votes and high approval rate is the only thing he cares . 
  this is a disastrous move that creates a long-term problem among the society and fuels nationalist parties . 
  but accepting or refusing to accept the genocide is n't rely on academia . 
  governments which recognise the genocide do this for either please the armenian population in their country ( i.e. 
  getting votes ) or sending a message to turkey . 
  governments which refuse to recognise the genocide do this for not to damage the relations or maybe strengthen the relations with turkey . 
  so either side do n't accept or refuse to accept the genocide just because of history . 
  that 's my point . 
  wanting historians to let decide history does n't mean you fall for propaganda . 
  the incidents should named `` genocide '' by historians , not parliaments or governments . 
  otherwise it 'll become a political tool to use for or against something . 
  politicians will say whatever to increase their approval rate , historians not . 
   when you have a powerful state sponsored denial efforts penetrating governments and even academia , if you do nothing about it , ** history will be rewritten . 
  ** you overestimated turkey i see . 
  turkey has n't and wo n't have the power to rewrite history in the forseenable future . 
  thank you so much to those who show solidarity with turkish people !, 
  minister of justice bekir bozda\u011f said 10 people died . . 
  witnesses say there were 2 blast , blasting 2 bombs is isis 's modus operandi . 
  might be tak but this is too big to be done for a group like tak . 
  my apartment building is near e-5 ( main highway ) and i see many ambulances heading to the airport . 
  i hope nobody dies from it . .
