  nice shilling though , rojavaplan . 
  t. putin . 
  birds flew , flowers bloomed . . 
  it 's been a quiet week . 
  each side waits the other side to fulfill the conditions . 
  turkish side wants visa-free regime first , eu side wants turkey to accept people first . 
  this deal 's fate is based on what eu may sacrifice to halt migrants considering erdo\u011fan gave up all the relations with west . 
  if i was some important figure of eu , i 'd advise to allocate majority of the budget to border security . 
  you can not escape from migrant influx by paying some money to mena countries . 
  there are many reasons actually . 
  it 's faster than bus and cheaper than plane . 
  trade of goods from eastern turkey to western is more efficent via train than bus . 
  military also use railway to distribute equipments . 
  it 's good to see the demand for railway network . 
  i love trains !, 
  here comes combo breaker : [ turkey \\ ( ottoman ? \\ ) 1914 ] ( http://www.trainsofturkey.com/w/uploads/maps/turkey_schetch_1914.png ) [ turkey 2011 ] ( http://www.trainsofturkey.com/w/uploads/maps/turkey_schetch_2011.png ), 
  i 'm enlightened now ... 
  g\u00fclenists are 1 % of this country whereas secularists are 30-35 % . 
  he does n't trust his own voterbase because both his voterbase and g\u00fclenists are islamists therefore untrustable . 
  g\u00fclenists know taqiyyah very well , they successfully act like kemalists in the military for a long time . 
  pretending to be akp supporter not so hard thing to do for them . 
  at this point , we are the only one who can be differentiate from both g\u00fclenists and akp supporters . 
  vast majority of skilled workers are secularist that means after getting rid of g\u00fclen , he has to work with us to run state institutions because his voter base occured by undereducated masses . 
  there 's reverse correlation between educational level and supporting akp . 
  he does n't want a brain drain towards europe . 
  secularists are western-minded and already look for migrating to some parts of europe , north america and australia . 
  turning on us means we have a right to be political refugee in those countries and i guess many european countries want it . 
  tayyip knows it . 
  unless tayyip loses his mind completely and decides to be khomeini 2.0 , be ok to lose significant percentage of people and reduce this country on afghanistan tier ; purge against us wo n't happen . 
  everything is ok so far . 
  stalin-trotsky relation was first to come to mind after the coup only g\u00fclenists are being purged . 
  secularists were scared shitless of being purged alongside with them but polar opposite is happening . 
  kemalist soldiers who 've been jailed due to ergenekon & sledgehammer are returning to their jobs and being promoted . 
  chp held a rally in taksim square which is extremely iconic place for all leftist people and akp did n't let people to hold a rally there for a long time . 
  the government openly support secularism and atat\u00fcrk after very long time . 
  all of these things can be bait as well , we 're happy for all these actions but we 're closely watching what 's really going on and what 's their intention . 
  but i assure you on that no opposition figure has been jailed so far . 
  a few non-g\u00fclenist people have been taken into custody but released in the same day . 
  tayyip is n't stalin , he knows he causes a civil war if he purges all his opponents ( i. e. other 50 % of turkey ) edit : a wrong word . 
  cemaat and akp were buddy buddy and together orchestrated a witch-hunt against secularism from 2007 to 2013 . 
  they started to fight slowly but surely after g\u00fclen wanted to take control of intelligence service in 2012 . 
  they became enemies after tayyip decided to close private classrooms which were the main revenue source . 
  g\u00fclen striked back with 17-25 december corruption investigation . 
  since then they hate each other to guts . 
  when akp and cemaat started to turn against each other is still not clear , but m\u0130t thing is the most logical one . 
  what should we secularists do ? 
  side with tayyip . 
  although all the things he had done , he 's democratically elected president of this country whereas g\u00fclen only wants to topple the regime and establish a kingdom like sharia state with him being supreme leader . 
  wtf did i just read ? 
  he needs support within the country and g\u00fclenists want to provoke a civil war because their coup card has been foiled . 
  also ; fetullah g\u00fclen and his followers are our common enemies so of course there 'll be some kind of rapprochement between us secularists and akp . 
  that 's a good indicator of more good things to come , i guess . 
  in turkey , all mosques belong to the state in order not to have the problem europe is facing . 
  otherwise we could 've been another iraq because of wahhabi-funded mosques . 
  we have 99 problems but radical islamism ai n't one , thanks to state-controlled mosques . 
  check my flair . 
  do you think i care ? 
  good . 
  it 's so fucking retarded to let saudi wahhabis to open mosques and turn muslims into terrorists . 
  it 's ... because mostly they kill themselves . 
  it 's the people who still have feudalism and tribalism we 're talking about . 
   greeks google venizelos ataturk reconciliation  armenians too bad they were already part of ussr then . 
  there was no need to do so when there were enough cemeteries to bury them . 
  except seperating the dead has nothing to do with islam because in islam it 's up to the god to judge when someone dies , not people . 
  and it 's pkk , not kurds . 
  kurds were n't , are n't and wo n't be a bloc . 
  well erdo\u011fan is not an outsider , neither him nor his voterbase came from the sky so they 're also part of the culture . 
  our founding father gave speech to anzac families and granted a cemetery for their beloved ones . 
  dividing the dead is not in our culture . 
  it 's an uncivilised behaviour . 
  whatever what they were when they were alive , they 're dead now . 
  all dead are same . . 
  so patriot that they killed their own people . 
  fixed , thanks . 
  sweet revenge of ergenekon & sledgehammer trials . . 
  good ol' `` indirectly blame atat\u00fcrk for abolishing the caliphate and implementing secularism '' . 
  it was a trend in turkey back in mid - ' 00 's . 
  muslims are not sheep , the caliph is not shepherd . 
  if muslims do shitty things across the world , it 's their fault . 
  caliphs were n't that powerful after 19th century . 
  wahhabism which consider ottoman caliph as illegitimate was being rooted in saudi arabia and was growing strong . 
  during wwi , arabs answered back with rebellion to the caliph 's call to muslims in the world to fight alongside with ottomans . 
  caliphs had never been powerful to unite the ummah . 
  3 out of first 4 caliphs got killed . 
  during umayyad era , there were 3 caliphs for example . 
  fitnah was and is too strong for caliphs to deal with . 
  even in current circumstances , shias who makes 13 % of muslims would n't care what caliph said because of different sect . 
  arabian peninsula ) would n't care because they would consider him as illegitimate as they did back in 19th century . 
  list goes on . . edit : percentage of shia muslims . 
   so how are they going to convince all the ambassadors to return to turkey ? 
  red wedding * wink wink *, 
  you guys are impressive about migration from turkey really . 
  compared to netherlands , austria ( % 70 akp ) , germany ( % 60 akp ) ; akp is 3rd popular party in uk with % 14 percent . 
  g\u00fclen used those schools to turn poor children into g\u00fclenists by giving them free money and free education . 
  in exchange , those children are expected to be policemen , judges , soldiers , civil servants of crucial institutions to infiltrate . 
  when they became judges and policemen they organised a witch-hunt against secularists in this country . 
  when they became soldiers and generals , they attempted a coup to bring g\u00fclen as khomeini brought back to iran in ' 79 . 
  i tried to sum up things fast and i hope i explained well . 
  brain drain and secular immigrant influx will happen but not with current tayyip crackdown . 
  current crackdown is on g\u00fclenists , not the main opposition .
