  seems like pis decided to be catholic akp/erdo \u011fan . 
  the whole region needs to be ruled by a leader like nasser . 
  he came to power democratically , he has to go democratically . 
  every option other than democratic elections means civil war . 
  redhack has sure burnt so many asses . 
  i do n't see that warning ... yet . 
  because their support from countryside ( both monetary and public ) has been reduced due to successful army operation against them , plus important amount of tribes ( yes i know it 's 2016 but they still have that feudal system over there ) support turkish government/state/army against pkk . 
  rumours that they 're in serious crisis and risk everything to win something from this conflict so we should be ready for anything comes from them . 
  at least foreigners do know about them and do n't believe that they 're just secular democratic freedom fighters \u2122 propaganda . 
   i do n't understand it either but at the same time i do n't understand why the turkish people who vote for the opposition are not against erdogan 's foreign policy decisions . 
  which evidences do you have to back your claim ? 
  because akp foreign policy has been bashed by the opposition very badly , especially the syrian one . 
  % 65 + of people disapproves the government 's syrian policy . 
  the foreign policy with western countries has been critising by the main opposition chp for years . 
  eu-turkey relations , refugee deal , syrian policy , russian jet incident ( erdo 's approval rate got tanked after that for a while ) are first to come into mind . 
  opposition are passive due to its leaders ' lack of ability but claiming people are not opposing his foreign policy is blatant lie . 
  putin has gigantic public support , erdo has 40 % public support at most . 
  united russia gets the most votes because people support them , akp gets the most votes because there 's no centre-right alternative party ; akp absorbed them all . 
  after the coup , the opposition has been weakened yes but so did akp . 
  akp has shit tons of g\u00fclenists within the party and presidential palace due to alliance with them until 2013 . 
  rumours that there 's 80 g\u00fclenist mp 's in akp seats who are able to fall the government via resign because akp now has 313 mp 's and you have to get at least 276 votes to govern alone . 
  i do n't know why people on r/europe and especially on r/worldnews love to talk like he 's muslim brotherhood-tier islamist , his entire voterbase is islamist , he has % 95 public approval , there 's no opposition besides secular democratic kurdish fighters \u2122 , he 's one step behind to turn this country into iran 2.0 etc. 
  i always get angry to see comments like `` rip secular turkey '' when he does or says some stupid thing like the whole nation supports his action . 
  he 's just a populist conservative figure like in rest of the world . 
  how 's the public feelings about this ? 
  will this stir an outrage and/or protests ? 
  edited , thanks . 
  * the police found the id card of harun aslan , alongside with a fake female id card named in the name of `` mahide ata\u015f . '', 
  the police are investigating the possible 3rd terrorist among them . 
  * their goal was to attack the commemoration of [ ankara attack in october 2015 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_ankara_bombings ) , the police claim . 
  * they used 200 kg of ammonium nitrate . 
  * they placed a turkish flag on car to hide themselves from security forces . 
  * the information on them came from diyarbak\u0131r . 
  these are the first infos about the incident . 
  [ source ( in turkish ) ] ( http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/ankarada-teror-operasyonu-40242909 ) edit : amount of explosive material . 
  now you know what turkish internet users feel about . 
  you just can not make a conversation without answering stereotypes and shitty memes whether the issue is about turkey or not . 
  also being have to deal with people who blames every brit on sight for brexit is similarly what we 're facing for like 3-4 years . 
  there must be a law which prohibits construction of skyscrapers in and near the old city centre . 
  \u015ei\u015fli district is more than enough for them to build those skyscrapers . 
  city skyline must remain as it is . 
  g\u00fclen and his worshippers are everything but scapegoat . 
  scapegoat means being blamed for something you did n't do . 
  purging every secularist in the state institutions one way or another and filling the positions with their fellows are not actually mean they 're scapegoat . 
  people need to understand ergenekon & sledgehammer trials a.k.a. 
  witch hunt before commenting on g\u00fclen . 
  erdo v g\u00fclen fight is human edition of alien vs predator . 
  probably it will because there 's no job for them in turkey and they fear of being jailed . 
  they will try their chance in elsewhere that 's for sure . 
  i 'm not certain . 
  i hate the government and they use `` g\u00fclenist '' label to fire everyone they do n't like , except secularists because they fear of mass protests . 
  actual g\u00fclenists , academics for peace , alleged pkk supporters a.k.a. 
  leftist but some leftists got their jobs back after complaining . 
  lots of people have been fired for being g\u00fclenist while they are n't , meanwhile , for example , one of the coup plotters brother is an akp mp and still nothing happened to him . 
  i do n't feel sorry for them because they are the reason of removal of secularists in state institutions from 2007 to 2013 . 
  they could 've been purged by a chp government as well , media rhetoric favours them just because they 're the biggest enemy of erdo ; does n't mean they 're good people . 
  about working elsewhere , i think they can work in western europe in condition of guaranteed personal security ; and yes they can can claim asylum for being political refugee because they are openly being persecuted for believing an ideology and it 's dangerous to live here for them . 
  turkey has no unemployed welfare policy , it has on paper but not in reality . 
  aaand no they can not find a job in turkey because they fired for being g\u00fclenist , they may try their luck elsewhere . 
  our governments are sure similar . 
   playing the bigger problems card . 
  hmm , why does it sound so similar to me ? 
   the fact that he gets elected ankara mayor and that many turks believe in what he says , is the sad part . 
  more like rig the elections like there 's no tomorrow by stopping the counting , making interior ministry raid the electoral council then '' '' `` win '' '' '' . 
  i mean , just look at what happened in [ 2014 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ankara_mayoral_election,_2014 ) . 
  melih g\u00f6k\u00e7ek is what happens when erdo + that philippines president combined . 
  money is irrelevant in turkish politics . 
  how many liras akp had before 2002 elections ? 
  or welfare party ? 
  i do n't belong to any political party , if chp can not make their voters party members then it 's their problem , not mine . 
  and the most importantly the delegate selections for party congress is shady as fuck in chp and no , those primaries are for mp 's ; not for leaders . 
  even in those primaries , some mp 's places are guaranteed due to quotas . 
  that 's why you have mehmet bekaro\u011flu in the parliament but not melda onur . 
  chp is corrupt as fuck and will never ever be an alternative to govern turkish republic as long as their whole system stays as it is . 
  yes , i said that basically . 
  in elections , our candidates are : * erdo ( 's puppet ) * useless old fart who has no ability to govern and whom even his party voterbase despise , lost 7 elections , refuses the step back , `` wins '' party congress everytime . 
  * another old fart who ca n't even control himself , helps akp in every chance , refused to form coalition with chp after june 7th elections because he does n't want hdp 's vote of confidence , trying to purge his opponents within the party , lost 11 elections , refuses to step back . 
  * pkk supporter terrorist . 
  it 's not like erdo is putin-tier liked , it 's because opposition is damned . 
  what about ottospeak ? 
  that violent stalin type coup can not take over the government without spain-esque civil war because the state institutions and the most importantly , the military is mixed . 
  what ideology the junta believe plays the key role in that scenerio . 
  i do n't think what will happen though . 
  anti erdo people are daunted and want to move somewhere instead of staying here , pro erdo people act like they are landlords lol , opposition parties have been ruled by useless old farts , tayyip does whatever he wants with his magic wand that 's state of emergency . 
  let 's fill the state institutions with regime friendly ones meanwhile your disapproval rate is higher than approval rate and those who do n't vote for you hate you to the guts . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  tayyip always shits out of his mouth . 
  no need to worry . 
  he probably wanted to attack the republic 's founders , not greece . 
  i hope european statesmen are not completely insane to trust an extremely fragile coalition for building a migrant city . 
  [ which one ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ad/libyan_civil_war.svg ), 
   libyan government  government welp , that 's the problem . 
  it 's all up to opposition parties at this point . 
  if they continue the status quo within their party , this guy will rule the country until he dies . 
  erdo is unfavourable , opposition figures are even more unfavourable . 
  also on being more autocratic . . 
  unless you are totally insane and want to watch the world burn , you would n't take all the power to yourself in a country where your approval rate is max % 40 ~, 
  i think you are pessimistic and it 's not your fault . 
  if you follow turkey news from western msm , you 'd think that erdo has % 90 public support , just one step behind of being khomeini , opposition is a tiny minority , every erdo supporter is political islamist who also hates secularism and votes for erdo just because islamism , secularism is abolished etc.
