  i 'm currently working on turning red star into psg 2.0 in fifa, 
  i hope not , we 've been shit without him, 
  your center backs hair is a crime against humanity, 
  are you a fucking fur seal, 
  i spent christmas in paris last year , the eiffel tower is definitely a good bet, 
  we went to dinner at this one place called chez barbara on christmas day , it 's sort of near champs elysses . 
  barbara is super nice , she has a sweet statue of a baboon flipping everyone off , and she was very nice when i butchered the pronunciation of croque madame . 
  otherwise , i think the christmas market on champs elysses is still open , that was really cool as well . 
  idk if things will be a bit more subdued after the berlin attack , but that may be worth checking out, 
  if it is your first time in paris , go . 
  i know we do n't talk about fantasy here , but i 'm currently enjoying the immense irony of my dad having both mariota and carr in our fantasy league , after bragging about his qb situation all season . 
  the decentralization will also be seen in the electrical grid . 
  ultimately distributed generation will cause the centralized power grid model to go away, 
  he 's actually a pretty good journalist, 
  exactly what the fuck am i gon na do in a bar then, 
  play it cool , act like you 've been there before , make sure you observe what kind of bar you 're in and act accordingly , and if it 's not slammed feel free to ask the bartender a question or two about whatever it is you are thinking about drinking, 
  oh and tip at least a buck a beer, 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about this, 
  uhhhh, 
  if obi wan could from a half manifested qui gon i do n't see why luke could n't from a fully manifested obi wan, 
  i think it 's time for a long weekend ... 
  did you check the fucking flowchart, 
  how bout a fucking hold there, 
  i hate being a rams fan, 
  can you be both resentful and protective at the same time ? 
  how many synchronized shark weeks did that take to happen, 
  especially when you have a chance to finish .500 and actually go 7-9, 
  urban is kill, 
  urban is kill, 
  lebron took ohio 's sports energy, 
  head over to / r/gunners if you want some friends to talk soccer with , 
  and ja rule, 
  iwobiiiiiiii, 
  lmao cech `` come get it then '', 
  cmon now clear it out guys, 
  this is how wormholes happen, 
  i love alexis , runs to take a corner even though we are up two in the 90th, 
  lol holy shit suh, 
  check behind grocery stores, 
  uhhh . 
  wrigley and old yankee stadium were cool , but they sucked to actually watch games in . 
  obstructed views , uncomfortable seats , the food is n't all that great . 
  yeah you are in these legendary locations but having been to newer parks like miller or the one down in miami , the actual experience is way better, 
  i hear the big east is pretty good in basketball though, 
  so does the trojan have any other duties besides trying to look tough while wearing a dress ? 
  what a run, 
  nah i made a post about the trojan wearing a dress and got downvoted lol, 
  its been pretty bad all night . 
  the usc band was totally botched, 
  why is mermaid man in the booth, 
  i officially believe in penn state meme magic, 
  what the actual fuck, 
  that looked ugly, 
  get ready boyz it 's an ea sports instant classic \u2122 time, 
  ca n't always swing for the fences without striking out eventually, 
  inb4 wide left, 
  10hoursofrockytop . mp4, 
  this is why 14 year old edgelords do n't run the country, 
  wooooo, 
  pls, 
  eh , geography is actually getting into some pretty cool and useful analytical stuff . 
  i just graduated with my environmental science bs and have been seeing a lot of stuff requesting geography majors, 
  the flu is seriously not something to take lightly . 
  there 's a difference between `` flu like symptoms '' and full blown flu . 
  if it 's the actual thing he really ought to be in bed for a week, 
  which is what most geography majors do now, 
  # ** pack **, 
  as a tennessee fan this makes me happy . 
  as a rams fan this makes me sad . 
  110 % off topic , but do you like living there ? 
  i 'm looking at a job out that way, 
  got my beer , got my sled , ready to make sure my new move in friends from west texas do n't die !, 
  eh , i do n't think it 's an ncaa thing , just most universities . 
  texas , louisville , and a couple other schools have beer at their football games i think, 
  cool , thanks !, 
  my cousin moved out to oakland a few years back and loves it , so i 'll have to throw an application out there and see what happens, 
  lmao the image of a drifting minivan is cracking me up, 
  lol wtf, 
  i guess the canadians know more about snow, 
  honestly i think most of our midfield problems stem from wenger playing him out of his natural position to keep him in the team out of loyalty . 
  how so ? 
  ramsey plays his best with wales when he is in a more attacking position . 
  with \u00d6zil in the team ramsey gets pushed out wide or deeper . 
  he ca n't hold possession to be a proper box to box and his lead foot first touch is n't enough to win battles on the wing . 
  see ? 
  attacking mid !, 
  see what 's most frustrating about this is that it is a clear mental issue . 
  we 've totally turned it on at the half, 
  say what you want about it , i like the bit of attitude there from giroud, 
  we desperately need cover at right back, 
  he 's a big cunt, 
  welbz for lucas, 
  dat guy, 
  pearson you time wasting cunt, 
  you big beautiful bastard, 
  fuck off that was pass interference, 
  absolutely disgraceful, 
  yeah ? 
  i am totally getting a chocolate arsenal cake when i get married, 
   atlanta,
