one time , i was visting a friend in a small country town who had just had a car accident . 
  on the way home i had to drop off another friend who lives in the city about 40 min from car accident guy 's house . 
  somehow , we made the drive in under 10 minutes . 
  i just turned the corner and there was the city . 
  freaked all 3 people in the car out . 
  i just got fear tears thinking about a broken keyboard . 
  yankees won this series, 
  best . 
  ever . 
  for some reason i thought one of these was going to link to a penis . 
  relevent username sir, 
  good god i just read these things can live to be 200, 
  i speak jive !, 
  i knew there were other redditors in nc !, 
  im in apex, 
  i live in north carolina like this guy and here if you are rear ended it is the other persons fault . 
  i was recently in an accident where i was rear ended and although , had i been assessing it , would have placed my self at fault , the police gave the man that hit me a failure to reduce speed ticket . 
  my car was only cosmetically damaged , so no one had to pay for me . 
  til one mansfield cumming recommended semen as invisible ink to the british government, 
  fffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, 
  dies, 
  nsfw address ? 
  its sfw, 
  i feel like these would taste really good, 
  even the critical thinkers need to be audited by critical thinking, 
  good guy tim tebow, 
  are you hispanic ? 
  the angus barn has delicious chocolate chess pie, 
  dammit, 
  beat me to this comment by 1 hour, 
  two words my friend : project x, 
  op is n't very bright ... 
  this is the second alaskan bull worm reference i 've read this morning, 
  you have ruined my mental image of my mother . 
  hilariously . 
  it does, 
  now kiss !, 
  as an arsenal supporter who lives in north carolina and is a massive fan of top gear ... 
  i feel like i missed an opportunity, 
  i thought they only rode horses, 
  he was just getting ready for 4/20 ... 
  my dad lost his prescription sunglasses out of his pocket on space mountain . 
  a couple weeks later , we got them back in the mail . 
  where is nathan drake when you need him ? 
  this will get buried but i have in the past won a game of stratego and clue on my very first turn . 
  there was also the time when me and my buddy were walking at the mall outside and i came across a reciept on the ground . 
  i said , `` i bet you a dollar that reciept is for condoms , '' ( we were 14 ) picked it up , and saw `` trojan $ 12.99 '' the only thing on the reciept . 
  needless to say i was a dollar richer that moment . 
  nice try cute mall guy, 
  changing the oil on mine tomorrow, 
  you clearly do not understand the concept of this meme, 
  because of the context of the general hate of chick-fil-a on reddit recently , it is intended as a confession that , in spite of their political viewpoints , i still like their product, 
  if it is a little after midnight east coast time , are you somewhere in the atlantic ? 
  well , i feel like an idiot, 
  red oak ftw, 
  is there a contingency plan in the event that you do find aliens on mars ? 
  aww hell no, 
  that happened to me once . 
  new hotel in disney world . 
  had excellent smoothies . 
  i was holding said smoothie and the elevator closed on me . 
  the smoothie went flying . 
  looked like a raspberry slasher film on the inside of that elevator, 
  holy crap . 
  i worked retail as well , and i have the same fear, 
  holy hell sopapillas are the best thing on earth . 
  was in new mexico for 3 days this summer , ate at least 12 sopapillas . 
  so good . 
  res tagged, 
  one does not mention shit going crazy without telling the back story, 
  thanks !, 
  the helmets, 
  my great great grandmother said the same thing . 
  are we related ? 
  checking in from d.h. hill, 
  he is in my 8 am golf class, 
  you 're an idiot, 
  i 'm on the east coast . 
  when we had that earthquake last summer , it was one of the most unnerving experiences in my life . 
  we do n't usually get them , and it felt like nothing i 've ever felt before , and it was only a little one . 
  y' all ~ ~ indianans ~ ~ hoosiers are crazy . 
  i was driving up to chicago this past june and got caught in a really bad storm west of indianapolis . 
  i 'm mildly freaking out , pulled off in a small town ( there was no visibility , saw like two or three out buildings crushed by trees on the way into town ) parked , and realized everyone around me is acting like it is no big deal . 
  the next day , the same storm system knocked out power to a big chunk of the mid atlantic and made national news . 
  edit : i 'm a dumbass, 
  poor colby . 
  first the hairbrush , then being eaten . 
  they have great ice cream, 
  i just texted my girlfriend the same question after reading this thread . 
  her response ? 
   smashing pumpkins ? 
  that 's mean !, 
  as a former apex cougar , i feel the need to say screw you green dope . 
  what school ? 
  sitting at nc state right now, 
  yeah . 
  went on saturday . 
  was a bit to crowded for my tastes . 
  like just restarting the program ? 
  or actually reinstalling it ?
