  my dad stopped watching at 80 ', 
  my dad stopped watching at 80 ', 
  he 's got a broken face , aha aha ahaaa, 
  pixies are the shit bro, 
  maybe he jerked off to hard, 
  so i showed this to my friend who knows nothing about soccer but loves dogs , and she actually busted out crying, 
  music only goes to 8:30 , are they cutting people off at 9 or 10 like brewgaloo ? 
  if so that 's pretty steep , i can go get 11 pints from a lot of the places downtown for $ 55, 
  i would rent that, 
  hello there, 
  23 : a tale of three women, 
  wednesday 's are $ 3.50 nc draft nights, 
  if miami becks fc happens tampa is dead, 
  i never wanted to support an atlanta team but i 'm starting a new job that will have a decent amount of travel to the company 's main office in atl , so if ncfc does n't get in i maaayyyyybe could justify supporting them, 
  well ncfc/the railhawks have been my american club because they are local and i go to games . 
  i have n't gotten too into mls because the club i support is n't in the league , and while there is a chance for that to happen i do n't want to support another club . 
  i also support arsenal , so following for example the timbers or nycfc is n't that big of a draw to me because i ca n't realistically go to their games often and i already have another long distance club, 
  tbf it was on four different guys . 
  nothing overly outrageous imo, 
  inb4 back to back trap games in august at stoke and anfield, 
  shhhhh you 'll disturb the circlejerk, 
  hmmm . 
  this particular place was constructed in the 70s , and not much work had been done on it since . 
  thanks for the tip , but i 'm american , 
  again do n't want to get too detailed out of an abundance of caution , but i am very well acquainted with the building, 
  compression shorts/board shorts master race, 
  fuck me my jeans are tight today, 
  knowing my current job ends wednesday and my new one does n't start until the beginning of july has turned me into a lazy fuck, 
  i 'm guessing you are american . 
  i went to paris and london a little under a month after the bataclan massacre . 
  she 'll be alright , just make sure she 's aware of her surroundings but it 's all good . 
  maybe see a few more cops with big guns on the street , but hey we 're american right no big deal, 
  give me busy bee or give me death, 
  haha tell her to check out habibi in reykjavik , fantastic little syrian food place, 
  can i be your friend, 
  cameroons kits are pretty sweet, 
  can confirm, 
  toronto is fucking awesome, 
  down low secret service training perhaps ? 
  wral just ran a story this weekend , there was a training course for water rescues by the secret service out at kitty hawk , maybe they had more going on than was published, 
  tesla has a battery swapout program about to come online , and they are planning to flood the market with lithium ion batteries they produce to drive the price down . 
  the plan is to make getting a battery swapped out in the future on par with getting your timing belt replaced instead of it being like a full engine rebuild, 
   36 cents pls, 
  60,000 dollars in 2017, 
  he 's too small to play in a pl midfield . 
  on loan at rangers he repeatedly got bullied off the ball too easily . 
  he might to better in a more technical league where he has some space to be on the ball, 
  got ta keep your poo cold, 
  \u00b0 \u00b0 \u00b0 \u00b0 \u00b0 \u00b0 \u00b0 if you 're on android hit the secondary symbols button left of the astrisk key, 
  lmao that was fucking terrible, 
  zlatan should play one more year in italy then join lafc in summer 2018, 
  t h i c c, 
  / r/gunners and / r/reddevils have their own subset of users that do n't go on / r/soccer , but that is fairly minimal, 
  m8 you forgot about glassing, 
  might be nothing but i like how he 's in the gym while most of our other squad is in south beach/ibiza/malibu . 
  i know these guys are entitled to vacation but i like the drive sead is showing here, 
  i doubt monaco would sell to them too, 
  lmao lavar getting the selfie behind coach cal, 
  [ so what 's our opinion on justin jackson 's girl ? 
  what happened to their brick and mortar plan ? 
  you spelled / r/the _ donald funny, 
  got two weeks off before i start my new job , it 's nice to have a `` summer break '' . 
  side note , any of you in atlanta ? 
  going to be down there quite a bit for business with this new gig, 
  i mean , my 7th grade social studies teacher was this ancient old lady who gave out worksheets on the `` negroes '' and `` moslems '' of egypt in 2007 ... some teachers do, 
  cricket predates baseball though . 
  the legend has it that abner doubleday popularized it with his troops in the civil war and it went from there, 
  we all found out dennis smith is good at `` slangin wood '', 
  you mean premier league champion jamie vardy ? 
  there was a reason he was looked at seriously by wenger . 
  hindsight is 20/20, 
  you should try taking two baptists fishing, 
  his girlfriend gave him a handy in hyde park i think ? 
  thats surprisingly high level reasoning for a 10 year old, 
  southerner here , this is a crock of shit . 
  sweet tea gained popularity as an alternative to alcohol , which was frequently illegal to serve around the south , especially after the early 20th century temperance movement . 
  most rural southerners ( the majority of people ) drank from well water , which is perfectly clean and often cleaner than the water delivered by early municipal water and sewage systems, 
  it 's better than soda , but some studies have linked high tea consumption to increased rates of kidney stones , especially if the water where you live has high mineral content, 
  i think they have their place , but really as soccer culture becomes more engrained in america we should start transitioning to a more english model of organic support with less capos and musical instruments, 
  how would we know to fight and win without them though, 
  by virtue of the fact that there was a supporters group formed for english style support means they 've missed what english style support is completely . 
  there are no supporters groups in england, 
  tfw you pay for a ticket only to sit behind some idiot with a flag for 90 minutes, 
  lem me ask you somthin, 
  were song sheets passed around, 
  i ca n't believe you 've done this, 
  i think the key is safe standing . 
  right now in england , there is a lot of difficulty getting good support at the ground for some of the bigger clubs because the true hardcore supporters are priced out of pitchside seats . 
  so i 'm not opposed to safe standing , i actually think its a good idea . 
  that being said , not all clubs need tifos , and incessant drumming is a couple of notches below vuvuzelas in the annoyance factor , imo . 
  same goes with flags that wave the entire match . 
  go listen to a crowd at anfield sing ynwa , or attend a match at stoke away and tell me that the style of support you see there is not as or more compelling than soccerbros banging away on drums for the entire match . 
  tsf and oak city supporters have flags , but once the ball is in play they go down . 
  i do n't care what section you are sitting in , blocking someone else 's view of a game they paid to watch is a jackass move, 
  i think this is my core issue with such a formalized support structure . 
  i 've come to watch a game , not watch a dude with a megaphone and his buddies on the drums . 
  capos often make themselves the center of the show , which really should be on the pitch, 
  seems to be that is a pretty crappy leadership decision by the dark clouds then . 
  no one is going to tell them to put the flags away , but acting like it 's some travesty to want to watch a match and then being run out of the section as a result is a ) a really bad way to attract new supporters and b ) reeks of trying too hard to be `` ultras '', 
  exactly , this is n't rocket science .
