  do n't wookies have longer lifespans than humans though ? 
  seems kind of hard to accomplish for chewie, 
  if you have an android phone try reddit is fun , it shows flairs, 
  hey man , in town from the states from the weekend , how many do you have left ? 
  i actually like this idea . 
  give the manager two challenges , if he gets two wrong , he gets sent off . 
  makes it a very strategic decision to make, 
  sitting at gatwick feeling this way right now . 
  thanks for putting it into words . 
  bournemouth was my first game last week . 
  i teared up a bit, 
  snow clasico on steroids, 
  and if she does n't understand why you 're crying , she can fuck off, 
  rams fan here , they were actually in la until 1994 , when the previous owner purchased them and moved them to st.louis , because that is where they are from . 
  so there is n't exactly a long tradition of the rams in st. louis, 
  cocaine, 
  i believe it 's around $ 10k, 
  why does bill o'brien have an asshole on his chin, 
  dis gon be good, 
  i think that was the worst loss in nfl history, 
  your dad got my powerball numbers for wednesday ? 
  i 'm stealing this, 
  i 'm assuming that you meant the hibernian , but you 've given me a really cool idea for a southern spanish themed bar with tapas , traditional portuguese dishes and north african cuisine called the iberian , and it can be a la liga club supporter hotspot, 
  gold me bby, 
  aliexpress is your friend, 
  i think we win 2-1 , going ahead late in the game . 
  i do n't trust us on the road at anfield , this is a classic arsenal trap game , but liverpools injuries are too much for them . 
  everyone was in black hawk down, 
  cleveland browns !, 
  you . 
  failed . 
  this . 
  city . 
  honestly , you can do both in the same night . 
  they are n't too far apart and the r line runs in between them consistently, 
  what a fucking game, 
  ups store guy here , stamps will remain the same price , this is only for larger items like small boxes or padded mailing envelopes, 
  come on mate ca n't just leave us hanging like your torn testicles like that, 
  interesting , nfl gear is sort of at the same level as most european soccer gear was in the us 5 to 7 years ago . 
  also , side note , my girlfriend is bristolian , the ladies there are quite fun . 
  did you pick the pats because of new england ? 
  lol i feel your pain dude . 
  i 'm an arsenal supporter , so i get the gloryhunter flak occasionally . 
  in reality , thierry henry has been my favorite player since the fifa world cup 1998 video game ( i had no idea about clubs at the time , i though soccer was only played by national teams lol ) and combined with kroenke 's acquisition of the rams a few years back , arsenal seemed like the natural fit . 
  now i 'm probably a bigger arsenal supporter than rams fan , tbh . 
  i support my local nasl side as well , but we only draw 5 to 6 thousand a match , so its hard to get as excited lol . 
  i 've been keeping an eye on bristol city , its a shame they are seeming to struggle this season though !, 
  bby is ok, 
  the owner wanted to get out of the business, 
  ahem , arsenal is top of the table currently, 
  i was recently at a bar in london that was charging between 17 and 25 for mixed drinks . 
  i ended up dropping 11 on a double of bourbon -_-, 
  if we win 6-2 tomorrow , i 'll buy both of you a pint . 
  not even joking, 
  for 10 men , we 've had our chances . 
  get alexis on with 30 left , get a goal , get out, 
  flair up bitch, 
  oh you sweet summer child, 
  who chopped joe buck in half ? 
  come get some eastern style nc barbecue and get back to me on the sweetness, 
  edit : lol , you people must not know anything about barbecue, 
  holy hell thank you . 
  i was just in england and found myself saying `` what ? '', 
  over and over again, 
  you know what color christa mcauliffe 's eyes were ? 
  blue . 
  on blue this way , one blue that way . 
  gore was actually the vice president when he ran , he was the senator before he and bill clinton got elected in 1992, 
  damn peyton ca n't catch a break in super bowls, 
  ah yes , shibboleth , god of the password . 
  pray that he find your moodle well and good, 
  i occasionally shitpost on / r/soccer and / r/gunners, 
  edit : you have brought back memories of a guy in a class i had last semester who would wear a barca messi shirt on tuesday , and a bale madrid shirt on thursday, 
  lol carey, 
  i 've got some bad news for you buddy, 
  lol salty patriots fans, 
  he 's on ir : /, 
  lol fuck off dude, 
  not really, 
  check wow air , and possibly frontier for your domestic flight to get to the city wow flies out of, 
  oh god , think of the traffic problems, 
  fuck you i ca n't catch my breath from laughing, 
  no comment on the itinerary in general , but i can suggest chez barbara for dinner the day you are at arc de triumph . 
  it is a few blocks away , and barbara is a lovely chef , she was quite nice to me and my friends , a pack of scruffy college kids looking for decent food the night of christmas this past december . 
  also , her statue of a chimpanzee flipping the bird is magnificent . 
  that has been my frustration as well . 
  i 'm taking this class more as a secondary skill for the job market ( i 'm an environmental sciences major ) but i feel like i have only been taught how to execute tasks , rather than the reasoning behind * why * we are executing those tasks . 
  i 'm at the point where i 'm going to just get through the class and then reteach myself over the summer while i still have free access to the software . 
  tell me about this roof access, 
  i think oregon is the exception not the rule , they are phil `` mr. nike '' knight 's sugarbaby , so they have way more money than most schools . 
  also , many colleges have nicer facilities than even nfl teams , because they need to recruit based on attractions other than money . 
  jokes on you , i do n't have my wisdom teeth . 
  i can suck all day !, 
  i think you found monk to do your home inspection, 
  # ** holy fuck **, 
  well that 's some bullshit, 
  debuchy getting shoved into the camera pit in stoke basically derailed his career, 
  the nachos taking over this title race, 
  dangerous area, 
  and us ?
