  in iceland the campground i was staying at was renovating , bathrooms * and * showers were shared . 
  no one cared . 
  i really worry about my state sometimes . 
  do n't camp in v\u00edk, 
  if you have the time , do the golden circle at least . 
  i found the best of iceland is the countryside, 
  i read that the average cost of a pint in toronto is about $ 5 as well ? 
  i 'm assuming that they meant cad as well ? 
  i almost got ran off the road today . 
  i had to hop a curb to avoid getting hit making a turn by a dumbass with no lane control, 
  that 's my boy, 
  steal some lemons, 
  perhaps not starting next year , but yussuf poulsen at rb leipzig is tall , fast and has the potential to develop into someone special, 
  make sure to get your offspring in with the u-9s, 
  did you see that monster that is supposedly in the thames ? 
  the accent is going to get you laid, 
  so was adam, 
  american girls are dumb man, 
  i 'm american lol . 
  i made the accent remark because my girlfriend is english . 
  it works . 
  i 'm an example, 
  i did the same , no response what so ever -_-, 
  i was born into a rams family , and say what you want , but the rams belong in los angeles , so i 'm still here, 
  lol fantastic , i know what i have to look forward to, 
  -350 boy, 
  lol fuck the refs, 
  low hanging fruit, 
  i 'm the \u00d6zil of adam johnson jokes, 
  `` you will ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) '', 
  so is your argument that hb-2 is good legislation because it is supported by the democratic majority , or because it is morally correct ? 
  if you argue the former , you must not have read the legislation , because along with the bathroom ordinance , the `` conservative '' house also snuck in clauses allowing the general assembly to override city level ordinances at any time , and forbade cities to raise minimum wages above the state level , which is kept at the federal minimum . 
  i 'm sure the people of north carolina support mccrory and his corporate shill good ole boys taking money out of their pockets . 
  if you argue the latter , you are only a few degrees better than the muslim fundamentalists in europe you so love to strawman . 
  god and allah are the same guy bud . 
  ok then , can you explain to me how it is in any way conservative to have the state government dictate to cities how to run their jurisdiction ? 
  that is the definition of big government , almost unitary in nature . 
  just like those big scary socialists in europe . 
  i never said anything about it being unconstitutional though lol . 
  what i 'm saying is that the conservatives are enacting big government policies under the guise of moral protection . 
  constitutionally , it is legal , but the bill goes against the fundamental platform of the party . 
  of course , looking at your comment history , you just create strawman after strawman and never actually engage in debate . 
  so arguing is not really worth my time , because your head is lodged so far up your asshole . 
  lol let 's go then bud . 
  i 'm one stubborn asshole, 
  having done both london and paris this past december and january , it was chilly , but not too much more than here in raleigh . 
  if you do n't mind wearing a coat and bringing some rain gear , it 's is a great time to go . 
  no tourists to crowd things . 
  lol get a load of this guy ! ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ hate ^ ^ ^ our ^ ^ ^ financial ^ ^ ^ strategy, 
  lol the fucking meow, 
  having been through international departures at kef twice , it 's dicey . 
  sometimes you are through quick , sometimes it takes a while . 
  would n't risk it, 
  asheville is a very cool town , and i would suggest going into the smokies , at least for a day or two . 
  who needs women when we have soccer and beer, 
  i 'm not surprised , you did kill your dad, 
  trust me, 
  is houston a decent place to live ? 
  i graduate in december and am thinking i 'm going to end up down that way, 
  cool . 
  i 'm in nc right now , so no stranger to the humidity . 
  i 've heard the thai food scene is really good down there , and beer is always fantastic, 
  ups store guy here , can confirm this happens constantly, 
  are you into the supporter culture , or are you looking for more of a traditional american sports experience, 
  theoretically if they eventually went to 32 sides , then its a possibility . 
  its not looking good though , garber just talked expansion this week and said nothing about raleigh or charlotte, 
  in my line of work i deal with a lot of indian passport renewals , and typically they do not need to travel to the consulate to renew , so i would assume the situation is the same for a chinese national , although ymmv . 
  i would do what the other guy said about using a translate plugin . 
  one other thing i would suggest , when you send your passport off , use an express courier service . 
  its more secure , and for whatever reason there have been a rash of passport thefts lately , so it would be in your best interest to be as secure as possible . 
  i notarized a car title for my friend and he could n't spell his middle name, 
  you got ta be drunk first , alcohol kills the pathogens, 
  starting the exam process next week . 
  i have two pretty big projects due , and then the following tuesday i have my physics exam , which i need to get an 86 on to pass the class ... 
  only one more semester of this stuff to go, 
  ups store guy here -, 
  if you are planning on shipping them , expect to pay anywhere from 30-50 dollars , assuming the box is around 10 to 12 inches square by whatever length the skis are , depending on where they are going . 
  if you can pack them yourself , i would recommend that as well , as that will save you some money . 
  you would n't happen to be taking plastics engineering classes , would you ? 
  nope , i was n't on campus today . 
  i 'm the tall guy in the 2013 yellow away mertesacker shirt or occasionally i 'll wear my old home van persie shirt, 
  damn son, 
  same here . 
  i also found , consistent with last year as well , the later in the day the more likely that the brewers get liberal with the free beer, 
  hailing from colorado originally , the snow there is suuuuper dry , so it evaporates quickly when it comes down , and is very light , unlike the heavy wet snow in the northeast . 
  really you probably wo n't run into problems weatherwise until you get to nyc , but even then , it was unseasonably warm this year so it may be the same by the time you are here . 
  one other thing i might recommend is skipping memphis and go to nashville instead . 
  i 've been to both and quite honestly memphis is a bit nasty outside of beale street . 
  was it intentional naming two stations king and kong, 
  or you could work for a small company that picks their employees based on personal interaction and merit , not just being a number . 
  keep being a cog in the machine man, 
  mention jury nullification, 
  so we have a nickname for one city referencing hats attributed to a different country which are actually manufactured somewhere else, 
  was in paris over christmas . 
  it was glorious, 
  luton master race, 
  to mom 's spaghettiiiii, 
  this . 
  nike is looking to get out of club sponsorship , and focus more on individuals-they have been dumping premier league teams left and right . 
  meanwhile , adidas snapped up man u 's sponsorship with a mammoth deal , and they already have the likes of chelsea , bayern , and real madrid,
