  you mean the one true north london club , right, 
  behind arsenal . 
  as always, 
  * longbows released, 
  i had a stroke, 
  this sub is on fire tonight, 
  it is well known that krusty the clown of simpsons fame is jewish . 
  it does n't take much thought from there . 
  arsenal dna, 
  a little girl who starred in movies and has a drink named after her , but that 's not important right now . 
  this is what i sayooooooo, 
  i know , i 'm tempted to press now, 
  see bale , gareth, 
  the coin flip did n't necessarily take place while i was alive , but my existence can more than likely be attributed to a fifty fifty chance . 
  in the early 70 's , my grandparents decided they were unhappy with the direction the neighborhood my mother and her three brothers were growing up in was going , and decided they were going to leave chicago . 
  my grandfather grew up on a farm in rural western maine before becoming a draftsman and meeting my grandmother in the city . 
  he thought that it would be good for his family , especially my mother 's three older brothers , to live on a farm . 
  thus , the family faced a decision : move back to my grandfather 's native maine , or blaze a new trail to tennessee , a state the family had visited several times and quite enjoyed . 
  it was a split decision among the family , so my grandfather decided they would flip a coin to see where the family was headed . 
  tennessee won . 
  the result ? 
  my mother spent her teen years growing up on a farm on the cumberland plateau . 
  one day , her oldest brother brought home a friend of his from the nashville suburbs : my father . 
  had that coin flipped the opposite way , there is a good chance i would not be typing this comment today . 
  can confirm , bull mccabes is the place around here . 
  never been , but i hear its nice . 
  sorry you 've been at london bridge all this time, 
  yeahhhhhh that 's what i get for typing with only one hand, 
  yeah sure occupied, 
  with beer, 
  because the yankees suck, 
  i 'll have to try that . 
  tonights selection was sweet sweet yuengling and pizza, 
  lol you 're a funny guy, 
  i 'm not your cunt , mate, 
  of course we fucking score when my stream dies, 
  hola and bbc here as well . 
  not hd quality however :(, 
  50 shades of robert green, 
  handanovic is a brilliant keeper 's name, 
  ahh kaiserslautern , where every time i see them in fifa i think their badge says fuck, 
  i 'm no hammer but it looks like jenkinson is headed your way this summer , so i try to keep up with them, 
  i want jenko to succeed at arsenal . 
  i think he is gooner to the core , but i think he just lacks the quality to be our every day guy . 
  bellerin is already looking to give debuchy competition , and i do n't think jenkinson wants to play backup for the next 5-7 years . 
  that 's why these guys make millions of dollars and we sit here discussing them while eating chipotle, 
  each club is also free to negotiate who manufactures their shirts as well . 
  man u is going over to adidas from nike for the next ten years because adidas is giving them 75 mil per season to make their kits . 
  i believe so yes . 
  but i do n't know if it is to the tune of 75 million per year, 
  currently sitting in my university 's library procrastinating a final project . 
  just had chipotle from the location approximately 100 yards away across the street , 
  harden trade 30 for 30 confirmed, 
  odd . 
  an almost one off 9/11 shirt, 
  i think they only have a couple of locations outside of the us, 
  `` i almost signed that osama lad '', 
  at least you do n't have to pay $ 1500 for airfare to australia, 
   deportivo wanka is a peruvian football club , based in the city of huancayo in the peruvian andes . 
  it was founded in 1996 and is named after the wankas people who formerly inhabited the area and after whom the city of huancayo is named . 
   in 2006 , it emerged that deportivo wanka strips had become a cult collectible item for british football fans , with over 1,000 strips selling in the space of a few weeks . 
  [ 3 ] the british slang word wanker `` one who masturbates '' , sounds like wanka when said with a ( non-rhotic ) british accent . 
  the sun quoted a club spokesman as saying that `` it is very strange . 
  everyone in britain seems to think we have a funny name . 
  yeah that 's what got me lol, 
  this is how aids starts, 
  good point , but durham is n't really a suburb and its got its own cool little vibe going downtown . 
  sure it ai n't new york but its not boring either, 
  good work, 
  give me some gold !, 
  so was hitler ... 
  tangent ... is there an analog for the world cup in the star wars universe ? 
  like , can you imagine if they hosted it on tatooine ? 
  and built the stadiums with slave labor ? 
  i can understand the cultural thing , but since turkey is in the eu , could n't someone just freely travel there even if they held german citizenship ? 
  til . 
  i guess i assumed since they are a part of nato, 
  it was powdered sugar all along, 
  is the ratio the same if it 's a black lab ? 
  so i got drunk last night and just woke up , how are we looking so far ? 
  you have made me want a show that does n't exist, 
  road trip . 
  basically one giant season long country special . 
  but instead of a two hour film in one country they go all over the place across 12 or 14 episodes . 
  in nice cars while solving everyone 's problems, 
  pepper spraying protesters, 
  * priceless *, 
  is it tendie flavored, 
  what do we think of shit ? 
  where can i find a filipino family to adopt me, 
  oh cool , that is the first week i 'm there, 
  the current gif to pepe conversion rate is .06452 to 1, 
  do you not get a 15 day grace period ? 
  do the glazers hold a controlling interest though ? 
  it may be that bvb has to make it public because they are 100 % publicly traded, 
  not yet , but it is starting to catch on . 
  the big issue with america is how we view second and third tier teams as `` minor league '' teams , which do n't draw nearly as much attention as the top flight . 
  part of that is from baseball where the minor league , tiered system is designed as a player development scheme and there is no pro/rel , so the average american sports fan who may just be getting into soccer will naturally equate a multi tiered pyramid in the same way , even if each league is composed of non affiliated clubs . 
  the braves have jumped from boston to milwaukee to atlanta . 
  and the colts went from baltimore to indianapolis .
