  san fran has been extremely solid to great over the last 5 or so years , so we will have to see how they end up this year . 
  remember how everyone was saying dallas will be historically bad this time last year ? 
  seattle has been to the last two super bowls , and won one . 
  i 'm sorry , but chip kelly 's wild ride , eli 's super bowl hangover , and the dallas cowboys are good , but nowhere near the quality of the nfc west, 
  is nasa rocket guy related to black science man ? 
  jackson action jackson waxon flaxon, 
  there 's too much szcz in my sheets, 
  with more digging i found that . 
  i think google just has trouble directing their links to the right place, 
  yoga pants were my only motivator to attend my 8 am chem lab a few years ago, 
  i 'm an american but i 'm going to catch the bournemouth game in london around christmas then swing through reykjavik on the way home . 
  if my lady friend is busy that day we should grab a pint and watch newcastle on january 4th, 
  such an icelandic response , 
  op , ups guy here . 
  if and when you sell these online , make sure the legs are removable when you ship them . 
  if you can get it flat ikea style you will save a ton avoiding dimensional shipping rates, 
  *** find our who this sunday at wwe sssssssuperslam !, 
  thanks for my new nickname for my penis, 
  bad challenge , soft penalty , but cmon neymar looks like he got sniped out there, 
  how do you start writing for nat geo ? 
  i 'm currently an environmental science student and although i realize it is highly unlikely to happen , its has always been a dream to work for the magazine . 
  oh i realize that . 
  quite frankly , i think the majority of academia is bullshit , and the key to making long lasting important changes is the creation of markets to give corporations incentive to invest in sustainable practices . 
  look at what elon musk has done for the electric car . 
  owning a tesla is owning a status symbol . 
  now imagine that for solar panels , wind turbines , or biodegradable plastics . 
  if we can create a demand for sustainable energy sources and products through social means , that will give the major power players , those with the capital and means , to move society in a direction that is good for the planet now and our children later . 
  that is why nat geo is an important , if non academic , platform . 
  time to go do science and solar panels and wind turbines and soil toxicology ^ ( and physics homework :( ) woo !, 
  i just realized i 'm the best man on the third saturday in october, 
  i do n't want to even be in the wedding dude ... 
  the fallout would be glorious, 
  preciate it dude !, 
  i had a football showerthought as i was watching the game, 
  this . 
  i 've really focused on getting 7 to 8 hours of sleep a night and i feel much more level headed than before, 
  jamal charles fumbled and they returned it for a td, 
  at least he held on to the helmet ... 
  as a college guy who just reformatted my resume and uses all roboto , this pleases me greatly, 
  butch is n't the guy, 
  you ca n't fix choking, 
  now if only they interviewed together, 
  story of my life, 
  colts fans what 's up with luck ? 
  from what i 've seen on redzone its shitty protection but is there anything else going on ? 
  i mean if that happens , i 'm dropping out if school to be a stormtrooper, 
  is chicken kosher ? 
  lol what the fuck, 
  barn d'or, 
  lads , its united, 
  he 's going to give us fits in the future . 
  dude is a baller, 
  i love my football teams like i love my women : fucking crazy, 
  that is one way to describe carson palmer 's knees, 
  bruh, 
  the mexicans really like shitty subcompact cars, 
  wood . 
  shitty players or shitty coaching ? 
  both ? 
  i want to see the next wave of guys for qualifying . 
  i think a youth movement would be good for this team . 
  tonight the team looked old and slow and sloppy . 
  hell of a goal by mexico . 
  and when the 4th official is standing next to a giant he is more likely to give an extra minute of stoppage time, 
  when you drive through mitchell , sd , make sure you see the corn palace . 
  i was through there in 2012 and forgot to visit , and somehow the corn palace keeps coming back to haunt me, 
  awwww yissss, 
  i think that was han, 
  also grevious is n't force sensitive, 
  hey dude , 21 year old american here . 
  i 'm going to be at the bournemouth game in december if you want to hang out !, 
  it is going to be my first game and the people i 'm traveling with are n't into soccer so i had planned on going solo, 
  that 's how it felt watching the match, 
  my dad is 6 foot and my mom is 5 ' 7 '' . 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 '' . 
  sometimes outliers do occur . 
  i 'm taller than anyone in my family by 3 or 4 inches, 
  i want to see prince fielder rabona, 
  this city barely supports the hurricanes . 
  its a college sports town, 
  technically it would be larvae, 
  my mom has swede and my dad has german, 
  todd gurley is a good football player . 
  part of the super bowl thing is that it would be `` super bowl l '' which looks kind of ridiculous . 
  also , it really reinforces the whole 50th anniversary theme the nfl is going with this year . 
  i 'm pretty sure they are going back the the numerals after this season . 
  it 's staying interesting !, 
  activate sleeper agent givens, 
  hooooooly shit, 
  fuck i need to pee hurry up ravens, 
  or a gritty daredevil type of hero, 
  fuck early class tomorrow, 
  hell i 'm a neutral and my heart is pounding, 
  holy shit, 
  i fucking love this sport, 
  i think that was the best soccer game i 've ever watched, 
  that was one of the best games i 've ever watched , and i 'm a neutral, 
  it is a good source of carbs, 
  its gon na be cold !, 
  just take flybus through reykjavik excursions .
