  and way back in the day the dodgers and giants moved from nyc to los angeles and san francisco , respectively . 
  no he 's in alabama, 
  he said dc to dc converter in the presentation , i 'm not sure if he meant dc to ac but misspoke . 
  if the converter was built in that is huge, 
  you leave manti 's girlfriend out of this, 
  we are the 1 %, 
  i 'll never forget , i was sitting in my room and i thought it was a truck or low plane , then i looked over and the baseball bobbleheads on my shelf are bouncing , just like in the movies, 
  i think for major tournaments like wc or the euros though the pitch is standardized , correct ? 
  time to write a short story, 
  * `` sheeeiiiiiiiiiiiitttt '', 
  my mom more or less stopped nursing school because she could n't sit through observing a knee replacement, 
  demba ba off the crossbar from midfield gives me ptsd flashbacks, 
  ahoy matey , you be having some fine lookin cargo, 
  this is exactly how i like it . 
  do n't tell me how to fly . 
  but i could be persuaded . 
  for the right price . 
  one suggestion i would make is to focus your time in sd on badlands . 
  rushmore and crazy horse are cool , but ultimately looking at giant mountain statues only eats up a few hours . 
  badlands is incredibly cool , i wish i had spent more time there, 
  i did a route that started on the east coast , ran through chicago then on to black hills/badlands , montana , yellowstone , then down to denver and santa fe , then back east . 
  it was a fairly linear trip , and you could totally go to arizona and onward from nm, 
  and rushmore feels smaller somehow . 
  and its a national monument but it is super touristy feeling . 
  the avengers have a new member ... 
  *** the jizzion ***, 
  my bank atm card does have one , however it does not have a chip ( although one is available i think . 
  i need to check with my bank , it is a small local credit union ) . 
  i prefer not to use that card since it is a debit card . 
  from what i 've been reading , the main issue is with unmanned kiosks/gas stations . 
  i 'm taking the bus , not renting a car , so will i even run into this issue ? 
  i 'm really happy that / u/dad _ dicks went to my school, 
  apex here , i basically always am in raleigh, 
  i 'm 99 % sure they were, 
  it 's probation before judgment time !, 
  probation before judgment time !, 
  where he at ? 
  where he at ? 
  i met a girl from london last weekend . 
  i have this odd gut feeling that she is significant . 
  i think she is way out of my league , but i need the chase her . 
  my only problem is that i 'm us based and she is over there . 
  iceland !, 
  gon na try to catch a kr reykjavik match, 
  we swapped info after just one night . 
  her dad is an airline executive so she has flight benefits , so she has been jumping all over the country visiting family and friends . 
  my plan as it stands now is to go to london for an arsenal game this winter/fall , and hopefully in the lead up start talking a lot more as i `` plan '' my trip, 
  leo, 
  breast cancer month is all season, 
  guy in nc currently testing his brand spanking new lumia z spark in the back yard here ... you should be plenty good unless you get unusually cold at night . 
  i 've camped the highest campground in the state in the fall in a bag rated for a higher temp and was totally fine . 
  i 'm planning on taking this guy to iceland next month and am not anticipating any problems . 
  i 've never done this before , but i work in the industry . 
  be prepared to pay a ton of money for shipping . 
  i would n't recommend it honestly, 
  just a t-shirt and boxers . 
  and i 'm right outside of raleigh !, 
  that 's pretty rad man , i 'm jealous, 
  i know there is a fairly big contingent of outdoorsy people though, 
  one time i was awoken in the middle of the night to the sound of something outside my tent on the south carolina coast . 
  i poke my head out and two raccoons are stealing my coffee creamer , tossing it to one another almost football style . 
  if rule number one is `` never start a land war in asia '' rule number two is `` do n't fuck with the irs '', 
  there is a math and science school in my state that has the mascot unicorns , and their logo is the broncos logo with a unicorn horn, 
  i think he just became my favorite player, 
  < 3 muslim < 3, 
  mate you will never know the satisfaction of knocking a 90 ' winner in as the mighty bolivian national team against germany, 
  i do n't have direct confirmation of this , but i have been talking to a friend in reykjavik and he is saying there are reports of 65 or so flights canceled from 6 am on the 16th to 6am on the 17th in the icelandic papers , so you may want to look into that . 
  i 'm flying in the 15th so keeping my fingers crossed, 
  are you on delta ? 
  because we are probably on the same flight , just one day apart haha, 
  the valve was still working , the actual pipe itself broke off inside the wall . 
  we have shitty pvc pipes and the impact caused a catastrophic joint failure . 
  trust me , you 're gon na want to move that, 
  if it happens scez will most likely go out on loan . 
  technically he is still our first choice and ospina came to us in that role . 
  its still not a bad problem to have . 
  greetings fellow raleigh gooner !, 
  i `` stole '' that show from the top of a parking deck . 
  a little ways down the road i 'm heading to iceland in a week and a half partially as a result of that show . 
  i never knew i needed this until now, 
  lol that 's the second time i 've heard it today, 
  icelanddddd !, 
  a friend of mine rode greyhound from here to upstate ny to go snowboarding . 
  she was totally fine . 
  she is about the same age and went solo . 
  if you have any questions about north carolina feel free to ask !, 
  enjoy your trip , 
  haha i 've spent the last two nights in spreadsheet and guidebook land planning, 
   god hates cleveland, 
  - westboro baptist church sign tomorrow, 
  thanks dad, 
  ikr , he looked really good tonight ? 
  dellavehova 's witnesses, 
  spurs fan, 
  alexi lalas played in italian serie a , which was top 3 in europe in the 90s, 
  hey , you 're the guy that almost died of dehydration !, 
  you may even classify them as * dank *, 
  so really rvp is pretty average then ? 
  i do wonder how he will be viewed in another few years once he 's retired . 
  two or three excellent seasons do not make a legendary player,
