  personally i think if both come xhaka will be an automatic first choice unless he needs rest , but kante will share time with jack and santi depending on the tactical needs of the team . 
  coq elneny and ramsey are all excellent squad guys . 
  personally i do n't think ramsey has shown himself deserving of a first choice spot after this season . 
  king fut  king tut, 
  i think it 's a brilliant name for an egyptian football site, 
  jewish god ? 
  you tube hobos get better cell reception down there than i do, 
  i visited swindon as a fetus, 
  go to baejarins beztu for me please, 
  a true icelander then !, 
  the boys look good , need to step up the urgency a bit and get a second . 
  jack looks good , just rusty . 
  lol penguin guy, 
  i 'm having lasagna tonight lads, 
  i love you, 
  my theory is that we have more open space in the us and australia , so buildings are less dense and bigger , and there is a larger area to move around in , which leads to a greater radius of expected personal space . 
  the cultural divide between societies they grew in very dense urban areas versus new wide open or less dense spaces creates subconscious behaviors, 
  / r/soccer has become exponentially more enjoyable in the last 24 hours, 
  do n't forget in 2001 brady had illegally taped practices to study the defense , and he still only had 1 td, 
  edit : lol salty pats bitches pming me justifying belicheat, 
  say what you want about the evidence , perhaps it is circumstantial , but new england has a history of bending the rules , and its shown by the penalties they have received from the league over the years . 
  add that to patriot fans ' fanatic crucifixion complexes and it does n't leave the dynasty looking good . 
  ultimately , the careers of brady and belichick will be viewed in the same way baseball looks at the bonds home run record . 
  is it an achievement ? 
  yes . 
  but there will always be the asterisk there . 
  the difference with your example is that the spurs are n't dishonest . 
  and they do n't get the same amount of hate because pop runs a good system and the big 3 has stuck together as a team . 
  as the saying goes , where there is smoke , there is fire . 
  you ca n't tell me that the same team that has been proved to be filming practices illicitly , using non compliant equipment , and fielding a bumbling convicted murderer does not at least warrant a look into the overall conduct of the organization ? 
  what else has the team done that has never come to light ? 
  i never discounted what the patriots have done , i simply said that the various scandals around the team have somewhat tarnished their reputation . 
  they are a dirty team , on the field when rodney `` knee chopper '' harrison was playing , and off with the `` shortcuts '' they take . 
  you ca n't in your right mind say the actions taken by the nfl are unwarranted when there is a history of misconduct . 
  ultimately , new england has 4 super bowls , and brady and belichick are in the hof , but the demons of what they did to get there will always be in the background . 
  edit : sorry , this is n't anecdotal , its pretty damning http://www.businessinsider.com/espn-report-patriots-spygate-scandal-2015-9, 
  siberia . 
  seriously . 
  russia is going to be an agricultural powerhouse, 
  who 's being carried by lil ' kev, 
  i 'm an environmental scientist . 
  go to siberia lol, 
  realistically , we are n't going to have a mad max type doomsday scenario , but i would n't be surprised if latin america gets hotter and either wetter or drier . 
  basic rule of thumb is that northern and southern latitudes will get more temperate , while more central latitudes get extreme . 
  i notarize things at my job , and you would not believe how people abuse it . 
  we are allowed to charge $ 5 per notarization in my state , and people complain about it all the time , but when people pull crap like bringing in adoption documents for 4 children 5 minutes before closing , which is like 8-10 notarizations each , it makes sense . 
  top to bottom the premier league is better . 
  the top 3 of la liga are better than any pl team , but from there i favor england, 
  i 'd still argue sevilla would have trouble with anyone united and upwards . 
  people seem to have misunderstood my original comment . 
  the gulf in quality is much bigger in la liga . 
  18th place newcastle would mop the floor against 18th placed rayo . 
  similarly with 14th placed west brom vs eibar , or 10th place chelsea vs betis . 
  people on reddit hate on the pl because it 's popular , and they need to feel smarter than the unwashed masses . 
  la liga is a more technical league , but the disparity between the top and the bottom which the spanish fa only helps by coddling real and barca hurts them overall , and that is only going to increase with the new tv money pl teams are getting . 
  no , i thought you understood me , sorry if that was n't clear . 
  and yes , the top 3 are dominant , but three teams do n't make a league , a fact a lot of people seem to miss . 
  i really got into the championship this year , but i wish it was easier to follow stateside, 
  i 've poked about a bit there . 
  i 'm disappointed for brighton and derby in the playoff, 
  the academies are coming, 
  i met two girls from dijon on a flight from luton once , they were nice, 
  my uncle was in tallinn last summer and said it was lovely . 
  i met some estonians atop the eiffel tower in december and they seemed confused why an american was asking them about tallinn lol . 
  in the states is somewhat unusual for a white guy to be with a black girl , but keep on keeping on man . 
  sounds like she 's a keeper if she can make crepes, 
  dunno really . 
  cultural thing i suppose . 
  race relations have never been america 's strongest suit , unfortunately, 
  yeah it is , we are wierd for some reason here, 
  jeez cut the guy a break , it is friday afternoon, 
  do n't forget the f roads !, 
  puma suedes are my shit, 
  huh . 
  i 'm with a blonde currently , exes are brunette and redhead, 
  english chicks are the best, 
  falcoooon puuuunch, 
  the spirit of milton keynes permeates him, 
  you found flamini 's facebook alias, 
  i 'm still entitled to my opinion though , and as long as it is presented in a respectful manner , telling me that my opinion is n't valid because i 'm a man is just as sexist as saying a woman ca n't be a politician because she is a woman . 
  i could have seen them saturday, 
  it was so wierd eating a pie before the arsenal game i went to in december , i 'm so used to watching arsenal over eggs bacon and coffee, 
  i actually enjoy the bundesliga coverage on fox , just because it is a different flavor of soccer, 
  like 6 i think ? 
  it was an evening game and i was a bit jet lagged lol . 
  yeah it was the second game in the boxing day double dip so it was a monday, 
  i saw him when he was with my local club , he was pretty agile, 
  i started paying attention to bundesliga when we got a tv deal over here for it , and for some reason hamburg was always on when i caught a game . 
  why does one of your supporters groups have a banner that says `` die sexmachine '' ? 
  also , you should be excited for bobby wood , that guy is the definition of a super sub , always knows where to position himself to knock one in . 
  iceland because they were so hospitable to me last summer , and england because my girlfriend is bristolian . 
  after that arsenal players and maybe france because world cup 98 exposed me to the game . 
  and ramsey mate, 
  hi there , i just wanted to say thanks for introducing me to your craft . 
  i 've never been one to get overly enamored with art , but i find the mix of artistic talent and industry found in woodblock print making fascinating . 
  i 've been following your channel for about 6 months now , and your content is amazing . 
  i was extremely disappointed when i found out the british museum has taken the great wave off display to preserve it , as your videos has made that one of the things i was most looking forward to in london . 
  please keep making videos !, 
  this playground is walkable distance from where i grew up . 
  it opened when i was 5 or 6 .
