  probably down the sides , that 's the direction adidas has been going lately, 
  yo ho yo ho a pirate 's life for me, 
  why the fuck is this so funny, 
  what a lovely group of role models, 
  he scored the first arsenal goal i saw in person , i 'll miss him, 
  for super wealthy people it does n't make sense not to , with the tax benefits you receive . 
  charity gets money , players save on taxes , everyone wins, 
  my understanding is that they plan to harvest data about their users . 
  personally i do n't care about my movie habits being analyzed , so it 's a good deal, 
  you are a bold one, 
  `` i hate you '', 
  - audiences to non ewan mcgregor obi wan, 
  roger roger, 
  from an american standpoint , these jackasses seem to have more in common with the bastards that shoot up schools here rather than guys like osama bin laden . 
  they exhibit antisocial behavior which is expressed through terror in the name of islam , but they do it just for the sake of killing people rather than in the name of muhammad or allah or whatever . 
  you obviously ca n't drone strike every guy who shows these tendencies , so it is really difficult to keep this from continually happening . 
  and i suppose isis plays the same role the voices schizophrenic people hear do, 
  yellow jackets are fuckers, 
  i got it to 69 again, 
  eh , it 's distinctive, 
  do n't go to englewood, 
  interesting pick-up line, 
  i went there last weekend !, 
  debating making the six hour round trip drive to see the total eclipse on monday , while also working , and then having to be at the airport the next day at 5 am to hop a flight to chicago . 
  i 'm leaning towards doing it assuming the weather will cooperate , you 're only young once i suppose . 
  in other news , people on my local subreddit were discussing rounding up the neo-nazi 's into concentration camps this week . 
  i 'm 100 % against what those a-holes represent but i do find it funny the uber liberal people on reddit do n't see the irony in their statements . 
  use it as motivation for uni . 
  it 's probably better to get this `` wake up call '' now than when you are actually doing shit that matters long term, 
  oooooooor maybe they are just looking for an aesthetic design, 
  eh , we consistently outdraw charlotte independence by 3 to 4 thousand a game , we have a downtown stadium , and the proximity to one major university with two others a 20 minute drive away makes us just as if not more attractive, 
  i think la gets it , for the mexican market overlap, 
  ut fan here , he 's going to be better than myles garrett, 
  ehhhh not really . 
  i just know he 's the best de in this draft, 
  do you know the guy that used to wear assassin 's creed robes about campus ? 
  fair enough :, 
  myles garrett had 31 career sacks in 3 years at texas a&m . 16 of those came in games against ut san antonio , nevada , ul monroe , rice , and lamar . 
  barnett had 33 career sacks , 29 of which came in sec play and another against oklahoma in oklahoma 's playoff season . 
  garrett only had 11 sacks in sec games . 
  garrett is coming off of an injury limited season , while barnett only missed one game in his career ( against western carolina ) . 
  it could be nothing , but with the small sample size we have so far , it is significant . 
  barnett is a better 1 on 1 defender , having not only more tackles for a loss , but also having 50 more career solo tackles . 
  finally , the biggest draw for scouts between the two was garrett 's combine numbers , where he outperformed barnett . 
  however , these should be discounted , as barnett had the flu during his workouts and still ran a 4.88 . 
  you of all people should know that tennessee players are chronically overlooked by the nfl . 
  jeremy shockey was far and away rated the best tight end in the draft with him and jason witten , but look who panned out better . 
  fotmob sometimes has radio coverage, 
  lol those third kits are almost a clone of my local club 's home kits , north carolina fc, 
  is arlo white calling the game on nbc ? 
  fuck off with the negativity already . 
  so cancerous, 
  fuck that that 's a penalty . 
  excellent defensive workrate from lacazette again, 
  xhaka making sure he 's good for the world cup qualifiers, 
  bad bot, 
  hector doing some lebron level foul drawing today, 
  i smell a giroud headed winner in the future, 
  we have a cold rainy night in stoke reference on nbc, 
  aaaaaand once again , cech is shite . 
  bring in ospina please, 
  fuck me that 's a pen, 
  uhh, 
  giroud now pls, 
  away fans singing for olly now, 
  right sub , wrong player to sub for, 
  does stoke also have a guy named eid ? 
  fuck you linesman, 
  lol, 
  i hate to use a wengerism but we truly are unlucky today, 
  gg laca you got jobbed by the linesman, 
  fuck off you have n't been watching the game, 
  why is giroud out wide, 
  welbeck should be wide ( and off ) and giroud centrally, 
  fair play, 
  hate to use a wengerism , but we were unlucky today . 
  i truly believe we were the better team today . 
  get alexis and kos in this team and we will challenge the top 3 . 
  we got fucked over by the refs today , different situation, 
  you 'll find a new one bud , i believe it, 
  the lacazette offside was blatantly wrong . 
  we deserved a point today , could have had three if marriner was on point with the penalties, 
  they literally took a rightful goal off the board for us ? 
  and there should have been at least one penalty from the three or so instances, 
  i would argue butland was motm . 
  our issues lie on the defensive end and welbeck not finishing properly, 
  how was he offside ? 
  he was level with the stoke defender . 
  even the commentators agreed it was off, 
  he was onside . 
  even the commentators agree, 
  facking stoke spoiled my afternoon, 
  so like is there a world cup or league or anything or is it just england and australia and india etc. 
  playing each other, 
  wtf in the 1400s the city i live in was still 300 years out of existence and the land i live on was part of an indian nation, 
  no one goes to a baseball game to watch baseball, 
  have a good friend in fire suppression . 
  basically , he advises everyone to be pretty careful because the heads like to break if hit too hard , and everyone in your room and below you will have a very bad day, 
  wtf, 
  this is the problem .
