  should n't be a flagrant, 
  we 've come full circle fam, 
  ~ ~ do n't let this win distract you from the fact the warriors blew a 3-1 lead ~ ~, 
  thank you for some non meme analysis, 
  relevant username, 
  what is this, 
  spooky things happen at carter finley after dark in october, 
  you like it there ? 
  i 've applied for a couple jobs out that way, 
  raleigh representtttttt . 
  although i do enjoy a pint with my arsenal, 
  brilliant username, 
  there 's not much in raleigh , london bridge is the big soccer bar downtown and that is a liverpool bar , although they do show all pl games to my knowledge . 
  bull mccabes in durham is the official arsenal america bar in the area , but i have n't been up that way since i was legal to drink because i work most saturdays and they ca n't serve alcohol before noon on sundays, 
  kind of weird , her nwsl team just got relocated to be the partner team of my local nasl club . 
  she was actually at the press conference . 
  probably the only time arsenal will buy someone from my club ... 
  he 's got a pretty sweet rock band too, 
  glad to see all 20 chargers fans in la start an la chargers chant, 
  the maryland unis are, 
  unless he kills someone no way in hell rivera is n't in in 2019, 
  dude this movie would have done great with college age girls, 
  i was over in / r/nba the other day and read a story about how mike miller is still on the nuggets roster even if he does n't play at all because he bust balls in practice and is a good influence on young guys . 
  you must solve the maze , dimitri, 
  oh yes , raleigh is already atlanta lite and about to go full traffic retard, 
  hmart is bae, 
  in my basketball gm game he is the 6 time mvp at age 31 . 
  be prepared league, 
  bida manda is overpriced, 
  lol i graduated last month . 
  as terrible as it sounds , trump 's supporter base , working class rural americans , will be the first cohort to start dying . 
  the wealthiest people will be able to insulate themselves the longest . 
  we are quite literally watching natural selection at work . 
  i got it and my fever went so high everything went yellow in my vision for an hour until i took ibuprofen . 
  really scary experience actually, 
  this is a ripoff, 
  athletically perhaps , but hockey is more physically punishing . 
  i remember someone on reddit worked out that a full speed check from zdeno chara involved the same kinetic energy as getting hit by a vw beetle going like 20 miles per hour . 
  and those guys do it 82 times a season . 
  oh definitely . 
  i think football is a more exhausting sport because it requires so much cardiorespiratory endurance , but hockey players get banged up more, 
  nice to see a couple cunts like fellaini and adam get on, 
  wtf was that, 
  lol fuck off fergie time, 
  i got a bad feeling about this, 
  wow !, 
  he 's a jedi, 
  i know what 's for lunch tomorrow, 
  [ they do ] ( https://imgur.com/29rejwr ), 
  we just got publix here in raleigh and we are about to get wegmans . 
  i feel like we are going to be the grocery store sub capital of the universe, 
  hey op you do this yet, 
  watching sunday nfl countdown , mort looks rough :(, 
  rip packers, 
  false , false , true , false, 
  fuck the nfl, 
  maybe rypkowski would n't have fumbled if the falcons did n't pipe in crowd noise ... 
  jersey dog on life support, 
  how it felt to be an nfc west fan a few years back, 
  how 's the structural integrity of your step-brother 's arms ? 
  stick a fork in em they 're fondue, 
  no respect for tables from atlanta, 
  jared stonehands cook, 
  get fucked packers, 
  11 second 3 and out from gb, 
  so many annoying people, 
  lol how, 
  fuck this lego chevy shit, 
  that 's some bullshit, 
  touchdown, 
  rodgers is a tier 2 qb . 
  not elite, 
  i think it 's because the difficulty getting a visa is limited specifically to americans, 
  absolutely love parisians, 
  not for long , the demolition permits have been issued, 
  foreign country grocery shoppers unite !, 
  if you have data , get whatsapp . 
  both parties will need to have it but it 's the go to international messaging app in lmo, 
  if you are baseball fans , spring training in fl is great . 
  me and my dad went down last year , and there is plenty of other stuff to do after the game ends, 
  i literally just graduated , and now i hear about this, 
  i hope congress approved that first, 
  get aldi chocolate fam , it 's the best, 
  my first exposure to soccer was the fifa world cup 1998 ps1 game , and henry was a god in that game . 
  here i am !, 
  welbeck brushing up on his spanish ? 
  he 's with all the spain/south american guys, 
  as a lifelong tennessee fan and a recent ncsu alumni , this has been a fucking fantastic 48 hours of college basketball, 
  following the match on fotmob from the top of a mountain in north carolina today . 
  looks like welbeck is playing well . 
  coyg !, 
  just got back from asheville . 
  the nature is absolutely fantastic , but do n't expect late nights . 
  most everything , even the breweries , shut down by 11 on a saturday night . 
  wagner is a good manager, 
  the greater triangle region has a population of 2.1 million , and the fastest growth rate in the country . 
  allegiant flies pensacola to charlotte ( pns to clt ), 
  how are things in emigrant ? 
  is that bakery still there ? 
  i stayed out that way for a few days on a cross country road trip in 2012,
