  look how it 's benefitted chelsea this season . 
  i think it would trim down our injury issues a bit, 
  i do n't disagree that we have major systemic issues as a club , but there is no denying that , especially that last two seasons , having no european competition has benefited the eventual champion . 
  leicester was night and day through the autumns of the last two seasons , and the same can be said of chelsea . 
  they also won the champions league the season prior . 
  i feel like we should prioritize domestic success ahead of european success right now , unless there is a very good chance we could win the cl, 
  learn to zipper merge you jackwagons, 
  natural selection at work baby !, 
  we are watching evolution in action . 
  time to improve the gene pool, 
  time to kill off the inbred uneducated rural r voters !, 
  gulliotines are a smart investment right now, 
  this is very interesting, 
  nope , it 's not eligible . 
  the exemption motion before means it is no longer considered a budget bill, 
  yup it 's going to get filibustered to death, 
  hahaha so german, 
  lol yeah i yelled jeff goldblum and everyone looked at me, 
  he has a penis, 
  gamoras expression with the penis statement lmao, 
  you good famalam, 
  dude i 'm eating a big mac right now, 
  fam why are all of your posts about pizza, 
  let h i c c, 
  my man !, 
  why you got ta be an autist man, 
  i might keep this in mind if that is cool with you . 
  i would love to visit central asia down the road, 
  thirded, 
  lee dixon is a savage, 
  most important personnel move is retaining ox this summer , imo . 
  he 's been absolute class centrally this season , and i think he is a long term solution, 
  i have nipples greg, 
  when i was in school the books ended with 9/11 , the books now end with the great recession , and soon they will end with the impeachment of trump, 
  that would require the leader to be democratically elected, 
  i 'm sure simplifying the logo had nothing to do with ease of reproduction on merchandise and everything to do with catering to le dumb americans, 
  not true . 
  used my pjc for a ticket i got on 540 three years ago , got another one about a year after that , and hired a lawyer . 
  somehow the lawyer was able to use a pjc again ( i think he got the first ticket dismissed because the speed limit was bumped up in the area i got pulled ) but either way my rates never went up . 
  for that much over , get a lawyer . 
  they will either get you a pjc , or have the da reduce it to 9 over , which you get one freebie in terms of insurance rates every so often . 
  you 'll have to pay the court costs and citation , and the lawyer 's fees , but in the long run you will save more money than the corresponding insurance rate increase, 
  did n't expect to see gis references here, 
  traitor, 
  they just need a little more time to work out the kinks in the voxel open world survival crafting system, 
  guys cars are coming, 
  cash only btw, 
  they straight up have their own cinematic universe thing going on, 
  brb moving to vermont, 
  unacceptable from giroud , not taking the clear chance to walk it in there, 
  fuckers ca n't even hit a sitter, 
  fuck mike dean, 
  he pointed to the badge, 
  fuck you commentators we need a little cuntiness i like it from holding, 
  fuck the orcs, 
  fuck stoke fuck the commentators fuck drogba fuck morinho fuck spurs, 
  edit : fuck mike dean, 
  so we are now level with liverpool on goal differential, 
  alexis kissed the badge, 
  brief circle of dishonor hahahaha, 
  you sound like my girlfriend, 
  speaking of ludogorets \u00d6zil scored that god tier goal in the third kit as well as the goal today, 
  in heaven every day is a double header day during baseball season, 
  if it makes you feel any better i 'm alive because of tequila so, 
  without too much detail , my buddy works for a contractor that will be working on the site . 
  he said they are planning to dig below grade in the food lion ? 
  do n't know if that 's true or not but he did call this 3 weeks ahead of time so he is at least in the know . 
  removing our history is a dangerous pathway to go down , whether or not you think the monument is in bad taste . 
  if the monument was erected with plainly obvious ill intent , sure . 
  the statues in new orleans , for example , were put up in the 1960s . 
  i think the intent there is pretty clear . 
  we have monuments for those who died in vietnam , which was an unjust war declared on false pretenses by a government that was trying to enforce it 's global hegemony on a nation that did n't want it . 
  the same could be said to some extent about the war in iraq . 
  yet people have no issue with memorializing those wars , because the monuments focus on the dead soldiers , not the corrupt leaders . 
  the same could be said about the monument in union square . 
  it is also worth noting that nc was the last state to secede , and may have very well stayed in the union had it not been surrounded on all sides by confederate states , so there is plenty of reason to think many of the men who died fought more out of self preservation than racially motivated hatred . 
  overall i think breaking down the debate over these monuments to black vs. white is a gross simplification of the issue and shows ignorance towards history . 
  the only reason raleigh did n't burn on sherman 's march to bennett place was because he had a girlfriend from here , who asked him in letters to spare the city, 
  you 've missed my point . 
  most of the guys who died for the confederacy were n't slave owners . 
  the memorial honors them . 
  jefferson davis was scum , so i understand taking down a statue of him , but a lot of the average enlisted csa soldiers were young farm guys who fought because they were told to by people who had a lot more power and money than they did . 
  i hate them, 
  if there was a monument to the union loyalists along with the existing confederate monument , would you find that acceptable ? 
  how does it feel to be named after a noble landholding character in a jane austen novel, 
  bumrush the league , use europe as an experience builder for youth and the squad guys, 
  tbh i do n't think that losing him would be a mortal blow for us . 
  yes , alexis is sheer offensive power , but he is very much an individual on the pitch . 
  one of the hallmarks of the team this season has been general disjointedness , and i do wonder how much alexis 's tendency to do everything himself contributes to that, 
  fantastic , adidas kits are really nice , and their replicas sit a little better on chubby guys like yours truly, 
  france 's away kit looked more american than ours did ... 
  rush hour is over at 9 yo, 
  american here . 
  brooks is good , but not arsenal quality . 
  still very solid though . 
  he could possibly be depth for us , but i 'm guessing he wants starting minutes, 
  wellll fa cup is done for . 
  it 's going to be 3 or 4 goals for chelsea, 
  republicans are assholes, 
  recent grad here , if you want to do anything remotely stem , get a windows laptop .
