  its not taken as seriously for the most part . 
  so if i have a west deck pass and need to make an afternoon trip down to centennial i can ? 
  rip in pieces, 
  like how most of the separatists interviewed by western media carry russian passports . 
  or how a massive convoy of trucks loaded with military supplies just rolled in from russia to eastern ukraine ? 
  oh , i do n't disagree about the media , they definitely have their agenda to push . 
  but when a country is backing a group or groups that are shooting down civilian airlines , there needs to be consideration over whether its is ok that they are allowed to host one of the biggest events in the world . 
  if this conflict is still going in four years , how much of the economic benefits from hosting the world cup could end up in hands of separatist militant groups ? 
  gary taylor-fletcher 's [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gary_taylor-fletcher ) for anyone interested, 
  not for long, 
  this is good . 
  they look hungry today, 
  arsenal really should have had 3 by the end of it . 
  carrrrrllllllllll, 
  every . 
  time . 
  we can work with that, 
  / u/not _ kgb really needs to go to a college sporting event . 
  it is the closest thing we have to soccer/football supporters culture in the us . 
  often times , ties to a certain team go back generations in a family , and there is all the referential chants and cheering as you would see at a football game . 
  you even have the student section , which is very analogous to a hardcore supporters section at a soccer match . 
  your football team could be 0-11 heading into the last week of the season , but if you work your rival , fuck it was a good year . 
  and there is no changing your team . 
  i 'm currently enrolled at a university that i did not grow up rooting for in sports . 
  i 'll pull for them when they are playing other teams , but if they are playing the school my father , grand father , and great grandfather all supported ( which has happened in football and basketball the last three years ) , like shit i 'm rooting for my own school . 
  fun fact !, 
  i saw the plans for his next americas cup boat sail system before he did . 
  i 'm just a lowly shipping store worker haha . 
  however the firm that is contracted out to develop the sail is based in my area , and the guy was overnighting the final specs to larry 's house and let me take a look . 
  my firstborn will be raleigh if it 's a boy or charlotte if its a girl, 
  that 's a good solid word, 
  haha he got dragged down by his balls you are blind, 
  cazorla seems to be turning the corner finally . 
  utter shitshow from a managerial perspective . 
  because moore punched him in the back while he was down ? 
  this is coming from a supporter of the club sanogo shit all over this season, 
  it was great seeing the older fans dancing to it, 
  lots of people getting their fap_ph . d today, 
  it does cause issues from time to time, 
  stop while you are ahead, 
  it 's five bucks on steam right now should i buy it ? 
  you da real mvp, 
  aaaaand you just reminded me i have reading to do for tomorrow, 
  well at least you know she 's kinky if you get a second date, 
  that was a half baked attempt at a pun, 
  i 'll trade you some real steak fajitas for a case of mars bars, 
  fecking bradley that game, 
  this is actually the law where i live . 
  you will get ticketed if you do n't turn your lights on, 
  i went to see the corn palace , then forgot to visit it :(, 
  is this at ncsu ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i just saw you over at / r/ncsu a minute ago, 
  hey , can you ask the football team to hook me up with some tutoring help ? 
  seeing them in raleigh tomorrow !, 
  10 team keeper , ppr , standard scoring , +5 at 100 yds rushing or receiving , pick one, 
  fred jackson @chi, 
  that 's how i 'm leaning . 
  my opponents rb1 is lacy who laid an egg and his qb1 is cam , so a spiller bust at rb2 would n't kill me, 
  went to an outdoor concert with my buddy and his new girlfriend , which is good because i 'm glad to see him get over his bitchy ex . 
  at said concert , obtained better , covered tickets for all of us and the new girl 's friends , one who is pretty cute and single . 
  did n't get to talk to cute girl because she got confused and sat with one of her other friends , but buddy 's gf thinks i 'm pretty cool , and it started to pour rain after we moved , so i got that going for me . 
  oh , and it was weezer , who i have wanted to see live for about 6 years . 
  that 's the point of america though . 
  we are all american , whether you are georgian or filipino or indian or brazilian or english . 
  we do n't have one single defining style of music or dress or cuisine because we are a melting pot . 
  america is the sum of its parts . 
  you sound like my swedish mother, 
  valid point , but i would contend that we have regional cultures that share elements of eurasian cultures . 
  its almost impossible to expect a nation the size of the us to develop a homogenous traditional culture in 400 or so years let alone ever . 
  look at russia or china . 
  both geographically large and around for a lot longer than the us . 
  they have strong tradition that varies from place to place within the country . 
  its the same in america . 
  you have southern culture and new england culture and midwestern farm culture to name a few . 
  but then you also have the cultures of the various immigrant groups and native american tribes sprinkled in throughout the country . 
  we will never have an entirely single defined culture like the one in the video because we are simply too damn big . 
  well damn . 
  i bought it full price last night off steam . 
  hey man , saw you 're a gooner . 
  if you ever want to talk football pm me !, 
  hey now , that 's culturally insensitive, 
  plus less risk of long term impact on ability, 
  they are in the us now, 
  seriously . 
  they came over on a container ship last summer . 
  up in gatlinburg tn i saw them swarming a shopping mall, 
  first hand , unfortunately . 
  i 'll do some googling, 
  tennesseeism checks out, 
  invasive species :(, 
  dude i saw them in the mountains the day after i saw them it was 59 \u00b0 in july, 
  dude how do you circlejerk about sec  big 10 ? 
  i 'm sure he 's very proud of you too , pissnshit, 
  its just something to keep in the playbook . 
  nothing is for sure, 
  one that has a fondness for small , specific amounts of money ? 
  they actually have a gearbox inside of the housing that makes the generator turn much faster then the blades . 
  if it was just a straight axle with no gear box , the tips of the blades would be constantly producing sonic booms if they were turning fast enough to make power . 
  i 'm not proud of the fact that i once single handedly ate three dozen britt 's donuts in one weekend . 
  \u00d6h yeah,
