  it was the absolute shit growing up, 
  one near raleigh , nc as well, 
  i would let him date my sister, 
  i think this is a really cool idea , but ultimately a little unnecessary for state . 
  wolfline services intercampus transportation just fine , and there are other issues on campus that could be addressed with the funding that would be directed towards this project instead . 
  it would be par for the course , though , for an administration more concerned with building showcase buildings that have little utility instead of addressing some pretty pressing needs of the students . 
  he 's pretty arrogant, 
  i send a lot of things to india at my job . 
  frequently the addresses are `` 3rd intersection , behind the red building , second door '' or the like . 
  i send a lot of things to india at my job . 
  frequently the addresses are `` 3rd intersection , behind the red building , second door '' or the like . 
  okc is going to take this next game , they have the momentum even though they lose . 
  okc in 6 , oracle ca n't save the warriors next game, 
  american basketball player that has a penchant for kicking opponents in the balls and getting away with it because the league commissioner deepthroats the golden state warriors, 
  he bitches about everything like costa though, 
  just started using a moccamaster a couple weeks ago . 
  god it was like the scales had fallen from my eyes . 
  coffee is 100 times better, 
  iceland are the team i 'm hoping wins , something about that country is so cool to me, 
  \\ #ryangoldfish 5out, 
  is there a maximum allowable political contribution in the uk ? 
  it could be that 12k is the legal limit to that sort of thing, 
  do n't do this if she supports spurs, 
  what is day to day life like in iraq ? 
  i have trouble imagining it , because the media only shows images related to the war , or terrorism , which i guess is a small segment of the country at this point in time . 
  god damn, 
  sponsorship were n't all investment banks , middle eastern airlines , and gambling websites, 
  spanish soccer in general is just too theatrical . 
  just get on with it, 
  the championship promotion playoff was more exciting than this trash, 
  thomas partey is having a vardy ? 
  pepe is a cunt, 
  buckle up !, 
  my life has matched up perfectly with andy 's , and the thought of having children right now frightens me, 
  1 world cup final pls, 
  covent garden is a bit tight for a new stadium, 
  let 's see if this game is any more energetic than the last one with this lineup, 
  what 's up with the empty seats again, 
  fucking referee, 
  inb4 `` zardes is le terally hitler '', 
  dempsey is ass, 
  i just orgasmed, 
  fuuuuuuuuck you, 
  announcers sucking gs cock, 
  kd getting hot, 
  damn beef lobbies ruining our fowl replays, 
  ca n't banter the kanter, 
  help us lebron you 're our only hope, 
  lol, 
  its ovah, 
  its slowly but surely fading away . 
  most of the mls clubs are just to the point where they are getting their academies established , and the really big talents are coming up through those rather than the ncaa college soccer setup . 
  why is my mental image of this so funny, 
  kanter got the dad mustache to go along with the dad dicking he 's giving the warriors, 
  well memed friend, 
  steph curry is a wanker, 
  to be entirely honest , he is a bit arrogant , and he acts like he is a big deal around nc . 
  no one knew who he was until the ncaa run at davidson , so to see silicon valley jackwagons wearing his college jersey under blazers courtside does n't help . 
  add that to the droves of warriors bandwagoners around here claiming that he is an nc product and it gets grating fast . 
  okc kills themselves with hero ball, 
  the people 's elbow, 
  tagged, 
  hey everyone , / u/onicscedricsb33 said he 's gay, 
  in my experience when people from other countries think of the states , the first things that come to mind for them are manhattan , hollywood and disney world . 
  i tell people that i 'm from north carolina , because it is so different from those places . 
  on a side note , it makes me so sad when people say they want to visit america , and then only want to go to nyc or la. 
  in reality that is n't america . 
  its a very small segment of the country , but is n't really representative of the place as a whole . 
  you may be able to watch it on the railhawks website, 
  my english girlfriend jumped my bones for my accent, 
  i did n't say that , its more of the idea that i do n't want people thinking i 'm from nyc or socal, 
  test test, 
  cavs are sucking dick, 
  oh shit steve kerr with the man hands, 
  that definitely had some break to it, 
  thats for steven adams nuts, 
  not an architect , but an environmental science student who studied sustainable building design last year . 
  one of the biggest and most promising ways is to factor in passive daylighting to help offset energy costs for heating , lighting , and cooling the building . 
  it does n't require any special materials , just special consideration for the building orientation and layout of windows and other shading aspects of the structure . 
  we as humans tend to underestimate the potential uses of the massive fusion reactor in the sky . 
  hippie liberal here . 
  even i find some of the building designs out of portland ridiculous . 
  1-1 draw , usa conceding late, 
  everyone saw the ecuador friendly last week and is writing paraguay off . 
  meanwhile i 'm having slovenia 2010 flashbacks . 
  you 're on reddit , should n't be too hard to find one, 
  bbc just reported it , this is legit, 
  so vardy/morata if this is a smokescreen , rodriguez , and a center back . 
  or do we sell theo and get a winger, 
  captain planet style, 
  *** triggered ***, 
  glass her, 
  dempsey 's jersey moth will impart the powers of james ' green goal scoring grasshopper from brazil, 
  that 's sort of weird , why would they do that, 
  god damn colombian women are fine, 
  he 's getting a bit up there in age , but it would be a nice stable change, 
  fix the fucking audio fox, 
  klinsmann needs to go . 
  curse of the first 15 minute concession in big tournaments, 
  no thread is safe,
