  ewwwww, 
  the best finish of the day, 
  all my team 's are doing this . 
  my favorite college football team just won on a last second score having lost 4 games last season in a similar fashion, 
  ayyyy, 
  lol holy shit, 
  lol mustafi, 
  good fucking fight from theo, 
  hector 's passes are just a touch off today, 
  nbc is right we 're playing like watford right now, 
  coming from a tennessee football fan ,, 
  will my teams stop fucking leaving things to the last second it 's killing me, 
  you 're the next wenger , it 's destiny, 
  that gets us ... ... 
  7 wins, 
  american here ,, 
  the good news is bradley is pretty poor tactically , so we should be able to take advantage of that . 
  he tends to rely on the raw athleticism of his players more than looking for a technical advantage ( this is why we replaced him with klinsmann ), 
  the bad news is that he has the ability to kill better teams . 
  not so happy to be coming off an international break and having to play him, 
   new shirt/kit sponsorships, 
  nike pls, 
  no we are in year 3 of 5 with puma , i believe we are with emirates on the shirt till 2019 or 2020, 
  eh , what 's your justification for that ? 
  klinsmann got us out of arguably our toughest world cup group ever , has recruited a solid young core of talent , and emphasizes european based talent for the team . 
  bradley was great for the stage of soccer the us was in during his tenure , but klinsmann has started the entire us set up towards more youth focused development a la the big countries , especially in the post world cup period, 
  international breaks become international seasons, 
  uhhhh that 's our line, 
  fayetteville and goldsboro are both shitholes, 
  that 's sad about kinston , i liked it last time i was there, 
  small caps master race, 
  god dammit, 
  maybe he has crabs, 
  and a robotic library, 
  in case you are still wondering , the id is for the 1583 form we submit to the post office for 3rd party mail handling . 
  you could use dl and passport , an insurance card , pretty much anything . 
  the second does n't have to be a photo id . 
  all we ca n't use is credit cards , and social security cards, 
  lol i was wondering why she sounded like my mom when i was growing up, 
  they explained that . 
  the kaiju have caustic blood , so cutting them would cause massive damage in populated areas where there were battles, 
  they did , see gypsy danger 's sword, 
  but there would have been no movie then . 
  they explained the whole jaeger program as a solution to not being able to blow the kaiju up . 
  if they could have just shot them or bombed them , humanity could have used ships/planes/helicopters to fight them off , so no pacific rim . 
  yup , i was watching college ball the other day and there was maybe 5 flags all game . 
  it sort of hit me how shitty nfl reffing is, 
  this comment is a perfect representation of your flair, 
  m8 i said i was watching football, 
  jesus christ dude, 
  stay safe please, 
  i do n't think the sec moving the game to november would make the situation any better than it is . 
  they can take care of business now , and play in november, 
  i can second the beer garden, 
  also , i 'm glad my tennessee vols could contribute to the nc craft beer industry this week , 
  if lsu is truthful , this should go as a forfeit for florida , at least on their sec record . 
  there is no reason they , or the sec , ca n't buy out a small school ooc game that is happening over a month from now . 
  inb4 accidental 18/18 fairways, 
  speaking as an american , english supporter culture is a bit different , especially at the emirates . 
  we have a lot more continental by way of latin america style support , with supporters sections and capos , whereas there is n't really such a thing in england . 
  hold on to the fucking football, 
  yuengling into your hands i commend my spirit, 
  i think we can beat alabama, 
  between toronto walcott starting this weekend for england and alex ottawa-chamberlain getting a call up , it 's good to see our second tier guys get national team recognition, 
  lol someone finally found one that fits, 
  coyg !, 
  at least i 'm not missing any games with the power out, 
  bull mccabe 's is the arsenal bar around here , i have n't had the chance to get up there , i work on saturday afternoons, 
  what have i done, 
  what about simmered ? 
  i would have alcohol poisoning, 
  james cameron made the aquaman movie ? 
  i think 95 is still washed out, 
  this was the national anthem flag waving thing before mark sanchez 's butt fumble game on sunday night football, 
  ahhh right, 
  i 'm in nc and i do n't really like the panthers , but i love me some greg olsen, 
  not sure if i 've gained more weight from beer or howling cow during college ... 
  panthers fans get on my nerves . 
  guess it 's from growing up around them, 
  this is why i do n't like panthers fans lol, 
  psst canada there 's still time, 
  i 'm from denver, 
  watch those wristrockets, 
  those chargers ' jerseys get a four of five fire emoji rating, 
  thanks fam, 
  question about your occupation here . 
  i 'm about to graduate with a degree in environmental science . 
  as someone in the coal power industry , is there a market for environmental scientists in your particular field ? 
  i 'm trying to widen the scope of my job applications . 
  thanks !, 
   beer goggles also work on shaved meat, 
  i did n't expect to come across life advice i 'll be giving my children in this thread, 
  generally do n't buy civ games right at release , it took v a dlc pack to get on par with where iv was . 
  that being said , v is probably my favorite game ever , so ... 
  the times , they are a changingggg !, 
  if you are going to a place downtown sure , do n't bring your kids . 
  but if it 's a community oriented brewery in one of suburbs , they often cater to families, 
  that would be horrible, 
  again , if you do n't want kids around go downtown . 
  live downtown .
