  cheaper than a mac and typically better specs and more compatibility with software you will use, 
  just got my first big boy job after college , now the proud owner of 3 . 
  this shits like crack, 
  bs in environmental science from ncsu, 
  ph.d in five star heart studies from ut, 
  guys i found that malaysian plane, 
  guys i found drax 's reddit account, 
  wait what, 
  this guy volcano shits, 
  skyrim is for the nords, 
  all y' all be safe please, 
  tbf if i was spiderman that shit would be all over snapchat, 
  can confirm , did this today, 
  that 's a pretty wierd ass flight , you might get lucky and have a half empty plane, 
  going to atlanta on business next week . 
  how can you take yourselves seriously when you have an intersection that is peachtree and peachtree, 
  star wars space battles * are * a game of battleship though . 
  in guardians there are no big capital ships fighting it out , just smaller craft . 
  rogue one was a major naval engagement with big slow to maneuver ships , so it is supposed to be a little slower, 
  rovers won the first season it existed , this season they just got relegated to league 1, 
  it all started with the nova buzzer beater in the ncaa championship game last year . 
  we had a full season of crazy shit and then some normalcy again in this year 's ncaa tournament, 
  when i went to iceland my friends there had hunts , so i asked if they had heinz here , and they replied `` ew no thats the crappy kind '', 
  iceland is wierd, 
  cool even more excited to go to the beach tomorrow, 
  * knock knock *, 
  `` who is it ? '', 
  '' ** fuuuuuuuu ** '', 
  i just want to say i love you all, 
  `` we 're a couple of cunts '', 
  classic philly, 
  i rate szczeney over pickford, 
  oh for sure , i do n't disagree . 
  i read somewhere that sunderland wants # 30m for pickford which is absolutely mad, 
  not only that , if he signs he 'll be 31 when it 's time to renew again . 
  not saying it would n't hurt if he left then , but being on the north side of 30 hurts a lot less than if he left now, 
  ox is banging a smokeshow though, 
  preds got fucking screwed by the refs, 
  game goes to ot if the refs do n't blow the offside call . 
  not saying rinne was n't dogshit but you ca n't deny facts, 
  i mean i 've torrented porn ripped from decaying analog film shot in the 40s with better resolution than the replay they used to make the call , and the linesman was literally staring at the skate and did n't blow it dead . 
  it was a shit call, 
  would n't have pulled the goalie if it was 4-4 , so no 5th pittsburgh goal in that situation, 
  yes . 
  and the fifth was on an empty net . 
  which in all likelihood does n't get scored if there is a goalie in net . 
  this is n't difficult to understand . 
  sounds like he is a twat, 
  definitely lends credence to the fandom . 
  i know here it is a hell of a lot easier to get up for a 9 am arsenal kickoff that getting up at 4 am, 
  haha i did this friday , woke up at 6:00 pm from a nap thinking it was 6:00 am , freaked out because i had travel plans the next morning, 
  go fuck yourself, 
  this is why i 'm hopeful for the uncharted movie after they said it was going to be a canon prequel, 
  / u/mindstruggle do n't let your dreams be dreams, 
  can confirm , raleigh is alive and well, 
  charlotte is having issues with a stadium deal, 
  is this our first itk of the summer ? 
  i think he 's president now, 
  cool , just found a new band . 
  thanks bro, 
  his name was david ornstein, 
  trout , harper , machado , judge , altuve, 
  do n't forget the ox , who really should be playing at cm as well, 
  i was down by the dome and the new butthole stadium last week , i could n't believe how big it is, 
  i rode the subway on the way to a yankees-royals game with george brett once , tried to figure out how many times i could reference pine tar in casual conversation with my cousin while he was there . 
  side note , manhattan island got hit by a tornado that night, 
  give me w-m or give me death, 
   alright alright alright alright, 
  - joey freshwater, 
  do dooo dooooo doooooo dooooooooooooooo, 
  if only he had been equipped to glass them, 
  not to be confused with deerhunter, 
  also the orwells if you like fidlar, 
  i got into them from a fifa soundtrack, 
  charly bliss, 
  this preds team has the same feeling as that cup run, 
  same deal , sort of unheralded goalie gets hot at the right time , undersized but quick team, 
  down town, 
  orange and wake county schools are much better than durham county schools . 
  if you are prioritizing school systems , chapel hill/carrboro or somewhere in the wake county suburbs are probably going to be better for you, 
  this conversation is why the internet is awesome, 
  nicklebanjo, 
  beautiful german efficiency, 
  still better than qatar, 
  can confirm , got new job today, 
  that would actually be cool, 
  sounds like maybe the saudi delegation said no ? 
  could be that they players just were n't told ? 
  i like bad daddy 's better than tribeca , also 3.50 nc draft night on wednesdays is the best beer deal in raleigh imo, 
  i graduated in december , did n't get hired until the end of march . 
  just be persistent and patient , it will happen, 
  this is what killed me, 
  or the waldos, 
  dam son, 
  lederman, 
  droning about for your youtube dubstep travel compilation is kind of a dick move, 
  and my axe ? 
  beautiful cut inside, 
  it 's coming home lads, 
  guys my dad got up on this game at 80 ',
