  additionally , the nfl is getting a lot of bad press over here with head injuries . 
  i can see that causing many parents to steer their kids towards a soccer path over football . 
  while we may never have the level of youth academy infrastructure england or france or germany have , we also have a much larger population to sample from . 
  it is not as vital to grab every single potential talent , because there is plenty out there . 
  in terms of the next messi , that is a crapshoot . 
  he is 1 in 7 billion . 
  messi was born , not built . 
  the difference is the success of mls . 
  in the 70 's the cosmos were the only super successful club in nasl . 
  ultimately that killed the league . 
  while there are not any mls teams selling 70k tickets a game ( not that there are any epl teams doing that either ) pretty much every club save chivas has a strong dedicated fan base putting asses in seats . 
  you have to remember , mls is hardly 20 years old , yet it has put a significant number of players in this years world cup . 
  a lot of mls teams have only been in their current incarnation for 10-15 years . 
  most european teams are still slogging through the depths of their nations league system 15 years after founding . 
  you give mls another decade , and i guarantee you there will be a youth academy for every top tier club . 
  if not , the clubs who do n't have one will start to lose . 
  it was a good call though, 
  with the waffles beer and chocolate how are belgians not the fattest people in the world, 
  i 'm now envisioning mark twain walking in guns blazing with a thompson submachine gun he named tom sawyer, 
  what the fuck vertical germany, 
  just wait till you start dreaming in it, 
  ok , this is what i was looking for . 
  thanks !, 
  he seems to almost know where a shot is going to go before it even happens, 
  i like to compare soccer to college basketball crossed with baseball . 
  you have the different tiers like baseball , except each team is independent ( except reserve teams ) and players are n't promoted or sent down like in baseball . 
  what is interesting in european soccer is the promotion and relegation system , where the bottom teams of a league are sent down to the lower tier and the winners promoted ( think houston astros in aaa and the durham bulls in the majors ) . 
  this is not yet in mls/nasl/usl pro because these teams are franchises not independent clubs . 
  the college basketball comparison comes in because of how many teams there are , and the different competitions . 
  in soccer there are cups and league competition . 
  for the us , there are the various leagues , and us open cup . 
  cup games are played as single elimination tournaments , and every team can play against each other despite league affiliation ( this is how my railhawks are playing fc dallas next wednesday ) . 
  cup is run concurrent to league schedule . 
  same thing for england where fa cup pits everyone together ( my arsenal eliminated spurs last season  ) . 
  i like to compare these to the various conference tournaments in college basketball . 
  then you have champions league , which has all the winners if the various european leagues ( ncaa tournament ) and europa league ( nit ) . 
  same for concacaf champions league . 
  sorry if this is info overload , i just really fucking love soccer, 
  just tell your boys to stay away from aurier and we are good, 
  dude , indy eleven had a shitty spring season , but seriously go check them out . 
  stand with the supporters . 
  they are a new club but already have one of the best club cultures in the country , mls or not, 
  raleigh nc actually lol . 
  i support the railhawks , another team in the nasl , and the turnout for indy games has been the envy of the league, 
  espn has turned into athlete tmz with a side of guys in suits yelling at each other, 
  its not his fault he 's white, 
  i prefer the idea that we win the whole damn thing on home soil in 2022, 
  hahaha holy shit . 
  this must be a ups store thing . 
  so many people putting their email address into google ... 
  lemon stealing whores, 
  always a silver lining, 
  bite may not be the best choice of word, 
  technically we took california from the mexicans . 
  the spanish would have seized it from the native americans, 
  prepare your outback dinners, 
  either a salary cap or max contract system would be interesting, 
  access like that is why i love nasl, 
  i need to find me a nice irish girl, 
  dat accent though, 
  obligatory / r/dragonsfuckingcars, 
  there are relatively few circumstances where a man can go from taking pictures with the german chancellor to kissing rihanna in a matter of minutes, 
   perth , australia, 
  ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, 
  when i found myself sipping fireball whiskey out of a pyrex measuring cup , i started questioning my life decisions, 
  i was here yesterday !, 
  as someone from north america , it still astounds me that historical stuff like this coexists with peoples mundane day to day lives . 
  here , people go about their business and all of our historic locations are for the most part 300 or 400 years old . 
  even then , we do n't have any holy sites right in our cities . 
  it is just a very novel concept to me that you can be walking to work , look over and see somewhere where you believe god interacted with humans thousands of years ago . 
  humanity can simultaneously be amazing and suck a bag of dicks ? 
  hi , i 'm jim lovell and this is jackass, 
  just a heads up , hopefully i 'm not too late . 
  i was in the smokies this past week . 
  the chimney tops are actually closed during the weekdays for refurb work right now , so do n't be surprised if they are super crowded on the weekend, 
  ironically this is actually a fairly accurate description of what is happening, 
  you just improved the joke actually, 
  those pesky camelback drivebys ... 
  its the turf . 
  the resurfaced the field over the world cup break and 0-4 since then, 
  the rams almost had it this year . 
  thank god they did n't between that and all the michael sam business, 
  it was on mobile ? 
  i 'm old school . 
  n64 dude !, 
  i streamed belgium-argentina in church, 
  swedish with a side of cherokee and sioux here . 
  i acquired the 6 ' 4 '' frame of my viking ancestors and the hair free ass crack of my indian heritage . 
  hey man this is kind of off topic , but last week i shipped something to pune , india last week , having never heard of it before . 
  now i keep seeing it all over haha, 
  people like you are what the foundation of this country is built on . 
  thank you !, 
  minor point of clarification , villa is actually going to play for nyc fc , man city 's franchise , not the red bulls, 
  a par 3 course near me has floodlights . 
  it 's open till midnight, 
  hahahaha shit mancala oh man, 
  they actually amputated his feet and have them on ice in switzerland, 
  that 's what made it so funny, 
  as a calculus professor of mine once said ,, 
  * in a heavy spanish accent *,
