  theoretical shitpost here , but if the rumors that bale might be departing real to fund mboob are true , could we grab him as a potential alexis replacement ? 
  came for balotelli , stayed for seri, 
  question , if he 's only 30 years old , could n't he just take a year off and return once he 's full strength ? 
  the liver regenerates itself so i do n't see why he would n't be able to come back eventually, 
  no i think the reviewer wants to get in on the action, 
  x-rays came back negative apparently , so maybe it 's not as bad as it seems, 
  well we did already try north vs south ... 
  you ai n't his girl tho, 
  dallas master race, 
  southpointe has 70mm ? 
  well 4 really, 
  it 's inevitable, 
  with his hand, 
  kitbag is n't legit ? 
  i got last year 's from there and it 's great, 
  same in nc . 
  saw three arsenal shirts on the supporters section at the ncfc game saturday , and no united shirts . 
  raleigh here but work in midtown half the time , i 'll have to try to get out there, 
  in the navyyyyy, 
  i do n't know how it is in the uk , but in the us she was viewed very favorably because she was a commoner , and i think a lot of women viewed her as more relatable as a result, 
  maybe . 
  he got pretty fucked by swansea 's ownership , could be he wants to set this team up and run it with almost total control . 
  or maybe he 's tired of living in the likes of normandy and egypt and wants to spend some time in la, 
  i disagree personally . 
  i think xhaka fills that role , albeit less so than a viera type . 
  you can almost directly tie our collapse to the absence of cazorla , and with him getting up there in age , we need another player that fills his role . 
  i watched seri yesterday and am convinced if we signed him , we will have the most dangerous attack in the league bar none , especially if we keep alexis, 
  / r/liberalgunowners, 
  i researched it this week , looks like on charlotte has a theater with a 70 mm imax system, 
  morning times downtown . 
  well lit , usually fairly quiet , and huge tables, 
  * flossing intensifies *, 
  working from home is terrible for my procrastination, 
  edit : fuck me the boss just called out sick motivation approaching zero, 
  oh god why are the numbers red, 
  working from home has greatly increased my procrastination problem, 
  i 'm a solar energy land developer , calling farmers in illinois is riveting , but not as interesting as reddit, 
  that evian that ted talk, 
  they 're a flag carrier . 
  british airways , airfrance , aeroflot , lufthansa etc. 
  all do this . 
  the us is actually fairly unique for not subsidizing an airline . 
  but you 're right , that is why emirates , qatar , etihad are all super luxurious compared to delta/american , because they are backed by government oil money, 
  that 's the font guy right, 
  pawllllll spurs do n't play nobody, 
  era penal, 
  well fuck me i picked a great time to wake up and turn this on, 
  and that 's why you sign a big fucking bosnian, 
  he looks like jon hamm in baby driver, 
  i 'm not saying we 're going to win the treble but we 're going to win the treble, 
  wow . 
  what about henna ? 
  it 's a good compromise, 
  all y' all really should n't post locations online , that 's basically rule 2 of urbex . 
  after the last candidslice post about the cary neighborhood cary pd started patrolling the area regularly and kicking people out . 
  i mean we signed kim kallstrom on loan with a broken back so ... 
  did n't think i was going to like the away kit , but after yesterday and today all 3 kits are class, 
  wow holy shit ozil, 
  nah man buckhead is boujee af , bankhead on the other hand ... 
  it is . 
  do n't go west of the dome bro, 
  lol, 
  any chance you can pm me details about the server place ? 
  sounds interesting, 
  he 's dirk nowitzkis brother in law, 
  did you know he has a twin brother who plays for swansea ? 
  gazumped, 
  it 's a dry heat though . 
  i 'd take 115 and 0 % humidity over 95 and 80 % humidity, 
  in north carolina we also have hurricanes, 
  as a kid in the woods of western wake county i always thought there was a mountain lion around, 
  you might want to consult the mods of / r/cfb , they have organized several events like this at various college football stadia, 
  reeeee, 
  i have the high ground qatar, 
  if we get a center midfielder who can play the same role as cazorla , most likely . 
  santi 's injuries have almost perfectly correlated with our failures over the last couple years so having a more reliable player for that role will go a long way . 
  if we get two players , imo seri and lemar/mahrez , then we will assuming we stay healthy . 
  thats up there with the best attack in the league , and our back 3/4 is the best defense in the league, 
  i just got a semi chub, 
  clayton kershaw is the highest paid athlete in american sports , he makes $ 35.5 mil pre tax , and plays in la so he loses almost 50 % of that to california and federal income taxes, 
  with endorsements probably . 
  but this is just contract income, 
  it 's honestly pretty crappy to be an nfl player in the grand scheme of professional sports . 
  average career is only 4 years , frequently get injured and have long lasting impacts as a result, 
  la dodgers ace pitcher, 
  i 'm pretty sure your income is taxed in the state where you earn it , and he plays close to 100 games in california, 
  it is . 
  the nfl will chew you up and spit you out . 
  that number is a little bit skewed by outliers of guys who wash out after a season or two , but a lot of guys have been retiring after 6-8 years lately, 
  i will gladly pay 50 % income tax for single payer healthcare and subsidized university tuition, 
  i am curious , do you feel like you have enough disposable income ? 
  i feel like americans have more disposable income compared to europeans , but it 's easier for us to get fucked over with one medical bill or student loan compared to europe where things are a bit more stable if less extravagant, 
  why is tim howard cosplaying ronald mcdonald and spiderman 's love child, 
  that 's really an interesting viewpoint . 
  i have some friends in iceland who echo your sentiment - they complain government services got cut after the financial meltdown , but taxes stayed the same , and things have remained that way ever since . 
  i think millennials especially tend to fetishize western european socialism , but it is important to strike a balance . 
  we need to be somewhere in the middle of the scale . 
  either way , best of luck to you !, 
  right now the states are pretty fucked up but things will blow over , they always do . 
  if you ever wanted to move here there are a lot of tech jobs and if you want a nice american girl they are all suckers for accents , you would probably slay the ladies,
