  marco, 
  it 's an exponential curve of improvement, 
  basically everyone in india, 
  dude , probably 75 % of my customer base at work is indian , and 90-95 percent of the time when a browser needs to be used , the will either open explorer initially , or close chrome/firefox and switch to explorer, 
  ha , the donovan goal against algeria is one of my best sports memories, 
  tiki taka is by far the worst style of soccer to watch, 
  fun fact , the term soccer originates from english slang for `` association football '' , which was used to delineate soccer from rugby football . 
  the nation that invented soccer called it that before football . 
  try not to be ignorant, 
  modern soccer was codified in britain . 
  the english invented soccer . 
  also , perhaps you should study your world history some more, 
  my very american mother is now yelling `` goool '' on the couch next to me, 
  dude i graduated high school 4 years ago yesterday , it goes by in a flash , soon you 'll be out of school and getting a job, 
  i bought stellaris all hyped that it was going to be the next game i get in to , and then fm16 goes on 66 % off yesterday , so now i 'm playing that, 
  any recommendations ? 
  i 'm headed there wednesday, 
  two words : nfl redzone, 
  west virginia is pretty and not too far from here, 
  all the games today mesh beautifully with my work schedule . 
  the second half started right as i got in , and the england game will go to half right as i leave . 
  optimized for minimal productivity, 
  my schedule is bit different during the week , and i 'm on holiday next week haha . 
  but it 's a beautiful thing , for a week we have soccer from 9am to 12am with euros and copa, 
  lots of that in plenty of games in both tournaments this year , i think the shortage of top striking talent is showing, 
   djourou made runs possible, 
  water is wet, 
  are n't you supposed to just leave it on the platform ? 
  i thought that was what they started doing there , and the cleaners pick everything up after the day is over, 
  come on rambo !, 
  too soon, 
  you just triggered the entirety of cardiff city, 
  what the fuck, 
  sorry england fans , i feel for you , but i also laughed my ass off, 
  england 's hopes and dreams imploding, 
  england is a lovely country , i like the english , and generally i enjoy watching england play , but for all the ribbing i 've gotten for my usa flair in / r/soccer , the banter is going right back at the english after this, 
  fair enough . 
  it 's not personal though, 
  pirate man, 
  i think most people understand it 's ironic , just like most people know the `` usa usa usa '' and `` dae pulisic '' comments are not serious , but there are a few idiots out there, 
  he 's our best player, 
  thanks mate , i 'm rooting for ukraine tomorrow, 
  will mars be eligible for the world cup ? 
  mother fucker, 
  zardes i ca n't believe you 've done this, 
  lol this is the worst fucking ref, 
  help us number board ref you 're our only hope, 
  give the ref a yellow for time wasting, 
  guzan votes trump because he builds the fucking wall, 
  based linesman, 
  pls do n't england, 
  i 'm gon na poop now, 
  tea dumped, 
  john dad dick brooks, 
  jurgen klinsmann , i owe you an apology . 
  i 'm sorry i said you did not instill a winning mentality in this team after the colombia match . 
  i was wrong . 
  america is a glorious melting pot, 
  hey its me ur john brooks, 
  oh you sweet summer child , is this your first elite striker to arsenal transfer saga ? 
  oh jeez i 'm sorry , that sounds like soccer hell, 
  what happened to concussion protocol ? 
  haha yeah , pretty much . 
  although with xhaka already confirmed before the window is open , i think old man wenger is up to something interesting, 
  yay the sad costa rica coach is happy , 
  i think the best situation is for us to finish second , get the extra day and less travel , and then have peru win and get first, 
  where do you go to school ? 
  damn that really pale girl in the front row in the colombia shirt ... mmmmph, 
  costa rica gone full concacaf, 
  wow , just got banned from / r/news for telling the mods to report the god damn news, 
  poland looks good , i 'm glad soccer is much simpler to understand than the world sometimes, 
  i can get behind that, 
  brazil are shit, 
  my stream has no audio , who is calling the game ? 
  the vardy party is looking more and more attractive wenger, 
  i 'm partial to the tennessee side of the smokies , but you ca n't go wrong with beer in asheville . 
  for barbecue , i suggest lexington near charlotte , as it is the epicenter of western nc barbecue culture . 
  too bad !, 
  if you end up in asheville , green man brewing is one of the more popular local brewers, 
  i was in paris in december , the parisians made me feel very welcome . 
  i was a little surprised , but it is a lovely city with a resilient spirit , and i 'm very grateful for my time there . 
  i was waiting on a crowded platform once that had some through trains , and the station announcer kept telling people to stand behind the line as trains went through at full speed . 
  finally one blows through at full speed and her gets on and says `` told you so '', 
  i 'm glad to see mother 's obsession with english tv dramas transcends culture, 
  toronto is going to here it tonight boys, 
  up here from north carolina , it 's cooler there today, 
  as a rams fan with titans fan family , no they have never won, 
  i swear these guys do n't know what they are doing sometimes . 
  klinsmann never played the same lineup twice leading into the tournament and it was killing us , but for the group stage plays the same 11 save the yedlin suspension and look where we are . 
  life is a meme, 
  that was a dad dick block, 
  lebron is jesus confirmed, 
  prob should n't have called lebron a bitch, 
  do n't forget to drink gatorade, 
  it was n't as heinous as what chile did to mexico, 
  huh . 
  i 've had more sex than a professional footballer, 
  dude there are 33 million mexicans in the us , compared to 120 million in mexico . 
  this basically is home lol, 
  lavezzi you flopping cunt,
