  recovered from the flu, 
  spaaaaam, 
   unc and vandy, 
  fffffffuuuuuuuuucccccccckkkkkk, 
  ups store guy here . 
  when shipping something like this , we would double box it and insure it for the full value of the item . 
  based on ops pictures , either the shipper did n't want to pay for proper packing or he went to an offbrand shipping store . 
  well you are n't 100 % off actually . 
  soap operas were partially funded for a long time by soap companies to advertise their products to stay at home moms . 
  yeah like all those generic pack and ship places . 
  around me there is a chain called going postal which i personally think is hilarious . 
  honestly if you are shipping something that is n't valuable then it does n't really matter , but if your item needs to be insured send it with a ups store because ups will try to fuck you over and the stores know how to work the system to get your money back, 
  did the piss break your turnsignal ? 
  he will be the anti bergkamp, 
  i think a 2-1 scoreline is the best we can reasonably expect , but that would give us a fighting chance on the return to the emirates . 
  i just do n't want to see another 4-0 performance out of the squad today . 
  still pleased with a 2-1 final , but i think i can snatch the draw here . 
  even a 2-2 would be really nice , just to get the goals, 
  i think this pretty much seals the deal for a wenger exit . 
  barring winning the league miraculously , i do n't see him renewing . 
  win the fa cup and go out on a semi high note arsene, 
  this is what does wenger in, 
  honestly i do n't think he is lazy , the game has just changed to the point where an attacking midfielder who does n't track back is a hindrance more than a benefit to the team . 
  our midfield is so trash right now that we are entirely unable to retain possession against similar or better opposition , and because ozil does not track back , he disappears from games because he never sees the ball . 
  if we had a midfield duo that was able to consistently cut out passes and maintain possession to feed ozil balls in the attack , he would play more consistently with the talent he has . 
  the entire problem right now with this team lies in the utter shittiness of our midfield , and a total lack of winning mentality . 
  fix those two things and this club would be competing with the upper reaches of europe . 
  ozil is a world class player , he just plays in a style that no longer works in modern soccer . 
  my dad gets very hot very quickly , but then cools off very quickly . 
  my mother has the patience of a saint , but after you cross the line , god have mercy on your soul . 
  naturally , i have a hair trigger nuclear bomb of a temper . 
  i 'll allow it, 
  spam, 
  friend got married up in middletown and i spent a morning hung over in newburgh . 
  fuck that city, 
  if it makes you feel better , luton is less shitty than gary indiana , as i 've been to both, 
  sigh . 
  nowhere is safe . 
  inb4 4 hour erection singularity, 
  that was some non league defending, 
  on presidents day no less, 
  ox has been one of our best players in the last month or so . 
  i think he has a future centrally in midfield, 
  i think in competitive shooting alcohol is considered a performance enhancing substance because it makes it easier to shoot, 
  pilot mountain as well , it is further as the crow flies but closer as the car drives, 
  hi there ,, 
  in december i graduated from nc state with a bs in environmental sciences and a focal area in renewable energy . 
  i 'm looking for a job in either the environmental services or renewable energy industries . 
  i have gis , excel , and technical writing experience , and have the ability to obtain my hazwoper certification upon request . 
  i am currently working my college job , but can be available for employment two weeks from the hire date . 
  if you think i would be a good fit for your company please pm me and i 'll send you my resume . 
  thanks for reading !, 
  you realize you do n't get $ 300 right ? 
  troll toll, 
  i would actually pay to listen to charles barkley do a world cup roundup show each night, 
  no , he 'll probably end up in italy, 
  to me at least , it is about stagnation . 
  and how the club seems to be at the same point over the last three or four years . 
  yes , ucl qualification and reaching the knockout stages each season are good achievements , but it seems like the club is stuck at one point and is unable to advance at all . 
  so got any more of them mars bars, 
  it 's an old meme sir , but it checks out, 
  and vivek is his daddy, 
  seriously charles barkley 's commentary pretty much got me back into the nba, 
  it 's winter . 
  things will pick back up in another month or so, 
  warm water denatures the proteins, 
  got ta get that chicken to syrup ratio perfect, 
  i dunno man , this whole cte thing is blowing up pretty quickly . 
  the fans may not care but players do , and if top players do n't play football , the quality of the game will drop ( it 's already pretty shitty imo ) and that will turn fans off . 
  i do n't think the nfl will cease to exist any time soon but i think it 's days as the undisputed king of american sport are numbered a lot less than we think they are . 
  what the fuck just happened, 
  with the first unanimous mvp, 
  la la land on 2017 's in memoriam segment, 
  one mbappe please, 
  holding , me thinks . 
  i like having a taller center back to compliment a smaller more mobile guy as well, 
  5-5 draw . 
  klopp-wenger games have less defending than the nba all star game, 
  i like tnt 's sports coverage . 
  their nba and march madness coverage is really good and tbs is good with baseball, 
  maybe drinking on the job and going under were related ... 
  go to a pub mate, 
  that 's how you get fucked up, 
  til i 'm 30, 
  go big or go home : fucking , austria, 
  i feel bad for your girlfriend, 
  i second that . 
  trophy is pretty overrated, 
  when you can get a table . 
  my biggest issue with trophy is that the way they manage their locations feels so entitled . 
  it 's like getting a table at the pizza location is a privilege , so they do n't need to provide any sort of adequate system to get people in and out of seats . 
  same with what they did with busy bee , killing a pretty popular spot to serve rotisserie chicken with their sub par beer so they can increase the spread of their branding for when they go into grocery stores next year . 
  in the soccer world this is known as the dreaded vote of confidence, 
  i quite like 1a, 
  i believe they are designated, 
  lol one of my drivers got fired two weeks ago for faking his time sheet or something , then got unfired today, 
  dunno if you have a ps4 or not , but horizon zero dawn is fantastic, 
  disclaimer , i 'm american , but piebury corner or the twelve pins are both good near the emirates, 
  thank you for that mental image, 
  my only major advice is that america is big .
