   now , you miss problem , minus points on test . 
  in future , you miss problem and space shuttle go boom, 
  got ta step your impaling game up if you do n't even know that , scrub, 
  i 'm not a fan but i happen to be an expert on chamakh 's hair . 
  can i come ? 
  it 's a skunk, 
  i 'm glad to see you value the future of our youths , / u/lustywench99, 
  you da real mvp, 
  that 's badass, 
  he was playing hurt . 
  i love charles barkley, 
  where 's my chicken, 
  makes sense . 
  manchester area -  cradle of the industrial revolution -  mu , mcfc , everton , liverpool etc. 
  and of course the london clubs, 
  what about the lewa-benzema swap between rm and bvb, 
  gay love sessions harden james, 
  so messi 2016 then ? 
  that 's what he wears when they wrestle, 
  incidentally i know a guy who is a barca fan who knows his stuff , yet the only other arsenal `` fan '' i know was asking what the champions league was, 
  i hear whl is nice on thursday nights ... 
  what 's he studying for ? 
  that escalated quickly, 
  i cut my drinking teeth on my grandfather 's beer fridge in tennessee , stocked with yuengling, 
  same . 
  got an arsenal home from a couple of years ago , last years sexy sexy away yellows , and going to get this years cup kit, 
  see barcelona , real madrid, 
  enjoy our sloppy seconds !, 
  [ 1950 ] ( http://m.uksoccershop.com/p-15933/arsenal-1950-fa-cup-final.html ) anyone ? 
  i think they used to play in wool back then , which had to get pretty sticky at times, 
  dude, 
  experience everything . 
  see the world , meet lots of people , everything . 
  then hopefully , settle down , preferably with a nice girl who has a charming wit and strikingly green-grey eyes , get a house somewhere in central north carolina on a few acres of nicely wooded land , and raise a family . 
  and then have the satisfaction of watching my children grow and make their way in this wild world of ours . 
  i feel your pain man . 
  not ready to settle down yet , only 20 , but it would be nice to have someone to work towards that goal with . 
  all the girls seem to want to change everything every couple of weeks . 
  at least we have barbecue . 
  unless you are from south cackalacky, 
  yes please i want to know more about the kurds . 
  they seem to be bad ass mofos . 
  you can have red or blue stripes , not both, 
  that crest/color combo is on point, 
  good point . 
  it works because the colors are a little muted thougb, 
  exactly . 
  got my shit together in life finally . 
  time to get a star lord body . 
  or , if they are too strong at the moment , channel that emotion into something productive . 
  you get your mind off the sadness and have an end result to be proud of . 
  hmmm . 
  he has good english . 
  so probably german . 
  y' all had red and white a few years back , right ? 
  those were sexy, 
  we were founded by a group of people who thought dancing was immoral and you should not wear bright colored clothing . 
  we still have a little bit of the puritan heritage today . 
  no liquor sales on sunday in the south and no gambling . 
  we have so much d line depth, 
  i do n't get the homesickness thing . 
  di maria to a london club ? 
  in mine , sagna was homesick , looking to move on . 
  ends up going to everton . 
  what ? 
  is it really just a 4.4 ? 
  i 'm surprised that he is considered the fastest footballer then . 
  a lot of american football guys run 4.3 40s in no pads , i figured it would be similar for soccer players because they tend to be smaller . 
  edit : nevermind , / u/sharkbait _ oohaha is [ smart ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gunners/comments/2dcmyu/bellerin_breaks_walcotts_training_ground_sprint/cjob2iu ), 
  holy shit 4.05 40 yard dash . 
  thats olympic sprinter level, 
  why do you people keep finding me !, 
  slept in mitchell one night in 2012 , was halfway to wall drug before i realized i forgot to see the corn palace, 
  in fairness , the maple donuts are pretty good . 
  the corn palace thing is a recurring theme in my life . 
  you would never guys how many people from mitchell a guy based in raleigh can run into in two years . 
  if you party like jordan it 's just as impressive , hangover or flu, 
  if you buy a month on a pay site , you sure as hell better get your moneys worth, 
  i know what 's for lunch tomorrow, 
  sometimes there is that one super specific video from 2004 that has n't been seeded in 6 months, 
  if fiba camp is anything to go by he 's back, 
  nope . 
  still mostly city wide leagues that are self contained, 
  leave the queen out of this, 
  major in environmental science , problem solved, 
  * holds up spork *, 
  alexis plays on the right . 
  yeah , it was to add some creativity for sure . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not too upset yet . 
  yeah , it was a shit game on a shit field in a hostile environment , but it 's not apocalypse now ( contrary to / r/gunners ) at the moment . 
  i think everyone is forgetting the impact ozil and walcott have on the team , and it is only the second real match they have played this year . 
  let the germans work their way back into the game , and hopefully give the ox and campbell more time . 
  if you ask most of the arsenal fans on here you would think we are guaranteed to get relegated . 
  explain chamakh, 
  when i was first getting into fifa i signed higuain , in like fifa 10 or 09 . 
  i was cheesing hard last summer, 
  northerners here give shit to the south , and the south gives shit to the north . 
  no one really cares all that much . 
  then again , its not really racism either .
