  that 's that then, 
  silva bottled it, 
  buckle up , the next two months are gon na be wild, 
  i 've definitely noticed that i 've learned more trying to independently solve problems , so that is good too hear . 
  i liked your point too about putting in the lowly work right now . 
  my mom has always said something similar , and i guess it applies here too . 
  i have a friend in reykjavik , her mom is swedish , so her last name is sundquist , her dad 's last name is arnarsson , and her last name is gunnarsdottir . 
  it can get a little confusing lol . 
  back to / r/soccer with you, 
  lonerider sweet josie, 
  i do n't think it should be as much quality as a combination of football/soccer tradition and capacity to host . 
  brazil , for example , has one of the richest football traditions in the world , but is a little lacking in the infrastructure department . 
  still , the sum of the parts is enough to produce a meaningful bid . 
  similarly , places such as the us or japan/korea may not have the most amazing football history , but they fill in the gaps with fantastic facilities and infrastructure . 
  qatar , on the other hand , has shit soccer , shit environment , and shit slave built stadiums . 
  all they have is oil money . 
  hell depending on where she is in nc dollywood is almost a full days drive, 
  so in a regular battery ( ie car battery ) you have two metal plates that have opposite charges - one is negative , one is positive . 
  when these are placed in an electrolyte solution with space between them ( battery acid ) a chemical reaction occurs , and an electric current can be harnessed to power a device . 
  this same process can be implemented using moist soil , which functions as an electrolyte , and two electrodes ( in my case copper and zinc wafers ), 
  the current generated is not that impressive , i 've observed around 0.8 volts per one 200 ml cell ( compare to a 9 volt battery ) but it is an interesting study to consider the application in a situation where electrical infrastructure is disturbed . 
  these types of batteries were implemented to power remote telegraph lines in the 1800s . 
  expect there to be a lot of snow . 
  i was there in june last year , and the upper areas of the island were still snowed in . 
  i stopped over in reykjavik about a month and a half ago for two days , and it was pretty frozen over , so depending on how the weather had been , you may encounter some ice even in the towns you visit . 
  its the same in the us , the chelsea game is only available online today, 
  img produces a lot of young american soccer talent as well , at least initially . 
  i think mls academies are going to start cutting into the talent pool, 
  lol , funny asian scarf guy, 
  back in it now, 
  huh , til, 
  damn mods are quick with the new crest flair, 
  seasons over, 
  season 's over, 
  it 's not just the points though , it is a mentality . 
  go watch leicester , even when they are down , they still look dangerous . 
  we just fold . 
  this team has rolled over for the year . 
  i do n't know if it is wenger , or the sort of player wenger buys , but it is beyond the play on the field , it is a mentality thing . 
  that being said today , subbing campbell was an absolute disgrace , took away any danger we had from the first half . 
  that is directly on wenger 's shoulders . 
  the first arsenal goal i saw in person !, 
  thank you !, 
  this is who i 'm going to use , 
  holy shit lol, 
  true englishman, 
  random side note , the raleigh area cbs and nbc affiliates just switched networks , so the old cbs channel is now nbc . 
  i know a guy who works at the new nbc station , and he says losing the price is right has actually caused a pretty big ratings drop for the channel . 
  i think i 'm of the same opinion as a lot of people here , but have personal experience with a similar situation . 
  this past fall , i booked tickets to paris , and less than two weeks later the attacks happened . 
  me and my companions debated canceling things to the point of arguing , but in the end we went , and it was one of the best experiences of my life . 
  if you let the fear of terrorism stop you from living your life , the terrorists win . 
  just be smart , plus it sounds like you have the advantage of someone local with you , so they will know if something feels off . 
  that 's my two cents , coming from someone who was in a similar situation . 
  this guy rugs, 
  the battleship tour is always cool , and if you drive , make sure you pay for parking . 
  they are * super * strict about parking down there, 
  does it cost money to apply for a card in the uk ? 
  wow , that 's very different than the us . 
  here we are encouraged to get a card and start building credit history as soon as possible, 
  fucking engineers man . 
  smart as hell , socially dumb as fuck, 
  in addition -, 
  western nc - pork barbecue, 
  lexington style is really the epitome of western nc style barbecue , and i 've found that it is not as good if you are not in lexington itself . 
  the best place , in my opinion , is lexington barbecue . 
  i do enjoy the barbecue down east , and being in raleigh is nice because we get a little bit of both . 
  sorry , but this is entirely wrong . 
  only one species of zebra , [ e. grevyi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gr%c3%a9vy's_zebra#status_and_conservation ) , is listed as endangered , and the [ plains zebra ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plains_zebra ) is a very healthy least concern . 
  the [ african bush elephant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/african_bush_elephant#conservation ) actually has populations increasing at around 4 % per year in some locations , and while the [ african forest elephant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/african_forest_elephant#threats_and_conservation ) has had problems with poaching , there is not enough data to say that it will be extinct in a decade . 
  as for [ rhinos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhinoceros ) , there are too many individual species to get into detail here , and many are endangered to critically endangered . 
  however , the [ southern white rhino ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_rhinoceros ) is listed as not threatened , indicating a positive outlook for at least the next decade . 
  as an environmental science student , it really drives me crazy when people spread misinformation and fearmongering about the future of our planet . 
  while we as a species have really fucked up our home , the blatant lies i see thrown around in conversation and on this website are entirely counterproductive to fixing our problems , and lead to nothing but apathy for the whole set of issues , which really hurts our chances of making positive changes . 
  fair point . 
  i was actually unaware the data was 5 years old , so nice catch by you . 
  it looks like all of it is from the 2011/2012 assessment , so it will be interesting to see how things have changed in the interim . 
  i agree that poaching is an issue , and i 'm not saying that there is not a problem , but mainly my point is to try to make the rhetoric as factual as possible , not just to make sensationalist claims regarding various environmental problems . 
  when i 've traveled abroad in the past , it is always easiest to bring one plug adapter , and a power strip with american plugs , so you do n't overload on the adapters to charge all your devices . 
  also , i think australia uses different voltage so if you have a hairdryer/curling iron etc , you may want to invest in a voltage converter, 
  needs red socks, 
  american who visited friends in luton here . 
  all my american friends loved mk because `` it feels just like home . '', 
  they actually spent a whole day there instead of going to london to go to the mall and see a movie at the theater . 
  of course these are the same people who went to zara in paris instead of the louvre . 
  look into your train fares , and try to get them ahead of time . 
  i bought at the station going into london from mk/luton and it was ~ # 20 each day . 
  its cheaper if you buy ahead of time . 
  god i hate those people `` oh i 'm so dumb i only got a 94 '', 
  seriously fuck off i 'm over here barely getting a c, 
  hell in some states you can drive for a day and be in the same state, 
  oh dear , this may be a problem, 
  make the fucking call mark, 
  hahahaha holy shit, 
  i wish all managers were miced up to listen to them yell at refs, 
  thanks so much !, 
  i 'll trade you some american food for some sweet sweet pylsur, 
  go for it . 
  just because she 's far away does n't mean you two ca n't be together . 
  / r/longdistance can give you insight into long distance relationships , but do n't shut it down because she 's far away .
