  i lost an uncle a couple weeks ago and a friend to suicide this week . 
  hope you feel better, 
  my best friend asked me to help him move apartments this weekend . 
  he 's just moving across town . 
  the plan was to help him move tomorrow morning , but now he wants to move some stuff tonight and more tomorrow . 
  all well and good , if not a little annoying , except his lease does n't expire until the 8th , and we are literally getting a hurricane tonight and all day tomorrow . 
  i asked why we ca n't just wait until sunday , when the weather is nice , and his wife wants everything done as soon as possible . 
  i 'm not sure if i should laugh or cry when the hurricane wrecks his couch, 
  things are getting better . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's because he 's black . 
  if it was some white dude most people would either not care or applaud him for taking a stance on an issue he felt strongly about . 
  the whole thing is ridiculous, 
  my school had a harambe themed snapchat geofilter yesterday for our first football game, 
  reykjavik is a cool town , but can be seen in a day . 
  if you are time limited , go on the south coast , there is a ton of cool stuff to see in a fairly small distance, 
  yeah man we 're fucked that 's what the headline on the tweets i saw on / r/nfl told me, 
  is stanford back in classes yet ? 
  where the hell is everybody, 
  the first time i properly saw london , i was on a train on blackfriars bridge , and i look over and tower bridge was perfectly framed in the train window . 
  it was awesome !, 
  there is the picture of him floating around from his college days at a party , hes dancing with a pretty cute girl . 
  i bet bill nye pulls the ladies well at parties, 
  press f to pay respects to the camera man, 
  bull fucking shit no targeting . 
  stupid ass refs . 
  ca n't call anything consistently, 
  damn texas trying to park the bus in the 3rd, 
  ** block . 
  that . 
  kick . 
  come on irish i want infinite football, 
  jordan shipley is that you ? 
  gopros on selfie sticks - nature 's warning lable for `` i 'm a douche ! '', 
  are you sure the two are n't related ? 
  it 's like the first bj after a dry spell, 
  the meltdown is on !, 
  tim tebow, 
  surrender cobra sighting, 
  eyebrows too, 
  sounds kinda gay, 
  jesus of hershey tracks back tho, 
  god why have you let down your son, 
  i always forget how little these dudes are . 
  ive got 8 inches on pulisic, 
  yeah i know , i just always think of athletes as big dudes . 
  comes from growing up watching the nfl i guess . 
  hahahahahaha thank you for that image, 
  at least you can fit in sports cars ? 
  lol sometimes i wish i was small enough to have messi like turns and cuts . 
  instead i 'm like a rhinoceros :'(, 
  lol i got a mertesacker top because of how tall he is, 
  he signed with seattle for the munchies, 
  ups store ? 
  just could n't stay healthy :(, 
  an american in luton ? 
  mate jason puncheon shits when he wants . 
  i 'm 99 % sure i never finished it . 
  graduating in december, 
  my inner 14 year old is giggling, 
  lol the tolbert slow fall, 
  line judge down !, 
  can just squirt out of the pocket, 
  lmao ref gunshow, 
  we made this, 
  the only saving grace of my saturday morning shifts is watching nothing but soccer the entire time, 
  interesting name for a subreddit, 
  at least you have a rail system ... 
  is that far right candidate still in contention to win anything ? 
  i remember hearing something about him on the news here in the states a while back , but then the runoff got announced later , i think, 
  that 's a volatile mixture, 
  / r/toronto is leaking, 
  oh my god this sounds awesome . 
  i went on a trip to iceland last summer and met some new friends in reykjavik , but spent a decent chunk of time in the countryside alone . 
  best experience of my life . 
  over christmas i go to london and paris with 3 friends who wont ever shut up . 
  i was about ready to kill them by the end of it, 
  no the sauce is vinegar based, 
  containment area for relocated yankees, 
  i 've had too much beer tonight for this, 
  what if he knew that comment was coming . 
  what if ... 
  he 's the mind reader, 
  how many of these do you have, 
  shhhh, 
  that 's some good fuckin hustle, 
  someone 's been buttchugging, 
  you 're like the guy that roots for barca and real, 
  if you post memes in / r/nfl about fantasy , you 're gon na have a bad time, 
  and that 's why arizona will never win a super bowl, 
  because they continually show they ca n't get it done in crunch time, 
  best wishes from the us !, 
  i always find it amusing the contrast in opinions on gus johnson in / r/cfb and / r/mls . 
  he 's an absolute trash soccer announcer, 
  we are in the golden age of american football right now . 
  so many future talents have been pulled out of the sport and moved to the likes of basketball , baseball and soccer because of the concussion issue . 
  i would n't be surprised to see soccer become the dominate sport in the us in the next couple of generations, 
  m8 we already have the american messi they should wave that flag now, 
  can we please fire fisher, 
  fuck stan kroenke fuck jeff fisher and fuck gregg williams,
