  the potential impact of who is elected is much bigger than what happens when someone carries a gun , yet we want to deregulate it . 
  no , i 'm just into well supported arguments . 
  and the fact that both sides of the political spectrum like to flip flop on their stance on governmental influence on life to fit the needs of their political agenda, 
  is it true that luton/dunstable are `` dangerous '' ? 
  i went over to visit a friend there in december and all she kept telling me was that i should n't go out late at night because i was going to get stabbed . 
  i did n't really feel endangered , but then again i come from a country where you are liable to get shot at any time , so . 
  my american wet dream is to have him and jesus of hershey join us, 
  that 's sort of what i had gathered . 
  i 've been in some pretty shitty neighborhoods in the us and definitely felt more uncomfortable than i was making a late night run to tesco for liquor in dunstable, 
  raleigh , north carolina . 
  we have a few dodgy areas but nothing too dangerous . 
  about 20 min up the road is durham , which can get nasty with crime and gang violence, 
  my first real exposure to soccer was the 1998 world cup video game , and henry was god tier in that game , so he was my favorite player . 
  after that i fell in love with the club as i was exposed to them, 
  me and my sister line up with axel and sue perfectly age wise , and it is uncanny how their actions and statements match up with ours sometimes, 
  you should go to prague, 
  finding out about shirt like this is why i love reddit, 
  is n't ham traditionally considered the first black guy ? 
  i love how the top comment saying that she should never go on reddit again deleted her account, 
  * downvotes brought to you by being a dipshit *, 
  hahaha the one solitary puto guy, 
  good fucking run, 
  yes, 
  `` brazil is kill '', 
  physics is the math of `` close enough '', 
  dude the one near me is doing some special 30 nuggets for $ 10 . 
  sooooooo tempting, 
  near raleigh haha, 
  the third kit had been my wallpaper like three years running now , time to update as is tradition, 
  parts of down east can get nasty , but most of the actual beach towns are nice to swanky, 
   used car dealerships, 
  someone has to sell all the repo 'd mustangs, 
  american who did the same thing , even if you miss your window , i still bought my ticket on the ticket exchange later on, 
  i actually got the tickets off a guy on reddit , so you may have luck here if all else fails, 
  i have a coworker who swam with him in high school , apperently he was an asshole/borderline abusive to his high school girlfriends, 
  * triggered *, 
  mine is 52 , but his dad died at 63 . 
  i always worry at the back of my mind, 
  and yet you 're still here ? 
  that 's not my point either . 
  if you do n't like the club , do n't support them . 
  look at the fc united of manchester guys , or even afc wimbledon . 
  they did n't like the direction of the club , or refused to support a corporatized shell of their former club . 
  it 's ok to be unhappy with the performance of the on field play or decisions in the transfer market , but if you are totally unsatisfied with how the club is fundamentally run , do n't support them, 
  so you would have us passing around the same 10-15 players for insane fees every three to four years like the rest of the big clubs then ? 
  the financial parity of the top tier of soccer in europe is going to get to a point where the only way to differentiate clubs is how they develop talent , not buy it . 
  like it or not , soccer is going to go the way of the nfl , and having a transfer policy that supports development not just mercenaries sets the stage for sustainable success, 
  this is the part where you make the funny expression eyes like / u/warlizard, 
  i was 19 , feeling the exact same way . 
  i had a bit of an existential crisis , realized i probably wo n't make an impact on the world , and asked myself what the point was . 
  i actually failed out of uni . 
  i got a crappy job , worked hard at that job , went to community college then got back into uni , found a girl , lost a girl , and went traveling . 
  came back , kept grinding at work , did ok in school , did some more traveling , found another girl , and now i graduate in december . 
  i have absolutely no idea what the hell my life holds after december , but i know it holds something . 
  traveling helped my find my rudder , and i got to the point where i realized that you do n't need to be amazing or save the world or do what your family tells you to do . 
  do what you want , be good , and make yourself happy . 
  hey are n't you that guy from the gaming forums ? 
  are your i t and h keys broken ? 
  for soccer the only regulation pitch is in harrison , nj where ny red bulls play . 
  i 'm not sure if that would fly with the ioc . 
  otherwise , they would need to figure out where to put another soccer stadium as the pitch at yankee stadium where nycfc currently plays is terrible and too narrow for international standards . 
  if walcott does n't score 15 i 'll buy gold for the first 5 people that comment and donate $ 20 to a chicken related charity, 
  i 'll donate and purchase the gold for you, 
  i 'll donate and purchase the gold for you, 
  league, 
  hell nacho was bang average until last year, 
  do n't bother going to / r/news , mods are removing all the posts relating to this, 
  botched robbery ? 
  if it was a jewelry store, 
  if it has the potential to go against their narrative , they censor it, 
  wow, 
  was that winning mentality i see ? 
  typical, 
  lol what a fucking disgrace, 
  honestly maybe we need to have a chelsealike failure of a season to actually get some change, 
  let 's go get a fucking ugly point, 
  ox what the fuck, 
  i 'm sure this will be a rational thread, 
  this is accurate, 
  is that an s7 ? 
  are those new stripes on the texans ' pants ? 
  they look sharp, 
  hey it 's me ur brother, 
  as a rams and tennessee football fan , this triggers me, 
  it is different from anything you have up north , the music scene is better than anywhere else in the country , and there are lots of cool restaurants ( that usually have a band playing ) . 
  also it is going to be cheaper than nyc/vegas/chicago, 
  also , i just went up to toronto , fantastic city !, 
  cocaine and loose women, 
  i 'll wax my dong if it 's martial, 
  there was talk of sturridge leaving yesterday, 
  if you are willing to ride the bus for about 15 minutes each way to and from campus , the park and ride from the carter finley parking lot is free, 
  can confirm , gorman street local is like sardines, 
  get the pitchforks, 
  brazil to go full messi and retire from soccer, 
  how does a guy with your username end up supporting stab\u00e6k ? 
  mine would just start yelling at us about an hour before dinner time every time someone walked by his cage . 
  he knew the schedule exactly, 
  in the nfl if the extra 15 minute overtime ends and neither team has scored , it ends in a tie . 
  this is pretty rare though , hence the famous donovan mcnabb quote, 
  edit : relevant quote [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mvzg639gj4 ),
