  reminded me of home . 
  i drove right past bear country this summer . 
  what did i miss ? 
  having your personal info published, 
  sorry to intrude on texas-scottish diplomacy here , but its the facking humidity . 
  as a north carolinian , the last week has made me realize why i enjoy the winters much better weather wise . 
  and to think i could n't wait for the summer a month ago !, 
  if we could have the cool weather with the longer length of summer days , it would be ideal . 
  that worked so well before ... 
  i just heard on video on fox news a guys say `` oh my god they are dead '', 
  fuck you stupid asshole, 
  fuck off asshole, 
  i have a feeling this is domestic, 
  i do n't think it is suspicious that there are bomb sniffing dogs at a major public event, 
  holy fuck, 
  i know !, 
  i 'm sure that will solve all our problems !, 
  if he is , he can burn in hell, 
  one of the doctors interviewed by media was quoted as saying one dead female had her `` abdomen torn open . '', 
  i did not see that in either of the women so at least one survived . 
  i 'm on my phone atm , will look up source later . 
  what for ? 
  god everything is going to hell, 
  it is eerily similar to the anthrax scares after 9/11 . 
  i suppose you will investigate/arrest yourself then ? 
  keep your head down bro, 
  download reddit is fun . 
  great app, 
  well that hurts my head, 
  are you me ? 
  yup . 
  joba went from slightly mediocre to mediocre . 
  it was the cleveland midges man . 
  he was never the same after that . 
  there was some discussion about guy number two over in the other thread . 
  there were some good looks at him , and i 'm pretty sure [ this ] ( http://shop.mlb.com/product/index.jsp?productid=18382566&amp;cp=1452682.2016076 ) is the hat the guy in question is wearing . 
  definitely not the bridgestone golf cap the poi was wearing in the fbi 's pictures . 
  if it is indeed your friend , he more than likely is not the bomber . 
  that is my take on things anyway . 
  so i just woke up . 
  can anyone tell me if i missed anything ? 
  what i 'm getting out of it is the carjacking , mit shooting , and gas station robbery last night were all committed by the bombers , they got pinned down in a house , black hat got killed , and white hat is on the run dropping explosives everywhere . 
  did i miss anything ? 
  did he show any signs of doing something like this ? 
  damn man . 
  sorry if he is truly the guy that did it . 
  i 'm 19 . 
  if i 'm in that situation , my mindset is that there is always going to be a chance for survival , so i would try to make whatever move i think would have the best chance for survival/freedom . 
  but i 'm not a terrorist either , so i could be thinking totally different . 
  nbc just said that the train story was false, 
  i 'm assuming if he lives in russia/chechen republic/kyrgyzstan , he probably does n't know/realize the difference between the three . 
  res tag him, 
  hey op cnn just said russian authorities took away the father for `` questioning '', 
  my mom is swedish . 
  my dad has a lot of friends in swindon . 
  i 'm american . 
  has the budgeting clusterfuck in california impacted it at all ? 
  here in nc , we have shitty public schools outside of the urbanized areas , but in around raleigh and charlotte especially where the universities are the higher property taxes are able to offset the lack of state funding that is responsible for the crappy schools in the more rural or poor areas . 
  i expected pasta to exit someones pockets at some point in this story, 
  well said . 
  been following soccer since the 98 world cup , did not realize it was played on a level other than international for like 5 or 6 years . 
  was not really into club soccer until like 2008 . 
  kronke also owns my favorite nfl team , so it seemed a natural fit when he took over arsenal . 
  i do n't want to hear it . 
  stay in the house karl, 
  this sounds obscure enough to be interesting . 
  i 'm intrigued . 
  i can think of worse ways to go, 
  [ so we are leaving things around , eh ? 
  ] ( http://www.amazon.com/sony-hdr-cx260v-definition-handycam-camcorder/dp/b006k5507m/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1366996502&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=camcorder ), 
  hey . 
  you gave me reddit gold . 
  i used to love you . 
  now i 'm a little conflicted . 
  so conflicted . 
  same in north carolina , suprisingly, 
  hmmm . 
  i sense the beginning of a fan theory thing . 
  oblivion is the future according to scientology , and tom cruise is the only survivor . 
  sally is l. ron in disguise . 
  north carolinian here . 
  went on a roadtrip last summer . 
  mitchell was a good stopping point on the chicago to livingston , montana leg . 
  made plans to see the corn palace . 
  next morning we head out of town , get about two hours down the road , and realize fuck we forgot the corn palace . 
  i had never heard of the place before , now i see it everywhere . 
  i just dry heaved a little bit, 
  disregard females , acquire currency . 
  minimum wage in america ranges from 7.25 to like 9 ( ? ) . 
  not sure how that converts to new zealand dollars though . 
  rich parents ? 
  drug dealer ? 
  no schooling/expenses to spend money on ? 
  just the tips, 
  is that after taxes ? 
  i kinda like to think of the nfc west as tony stark when he was kidnapped . 
  while the rest of the league was outside our cave showing off , we were inside biding our time . 
  now that the time has come ... 
  ** suprise motherfucker **, 
  good god ...
