  someday soon ... 
  yuengling is my go to cheep beer, 
  inb4 butch wins cfb playoff with uab or something, 
  grab your dick and double click, 
  not op , but in terms of pure finishing i would say kylian mbappe is better just for his pure finishing ability , and probably ousmane dembele as well . 
  still nothing bad about being in the top 3 or 5 18 year olds in the world . 
  ohhh i forgot about donnarumma . 
  probably put him above puli , just because he is top ten in his overall position already . 
  not sure if it would hurt the shoe , but most markers such as sharpies are souliable with rubbing alcohol, 
  if i watch it again it will make me cry, 
  the red and white song is officially `` over the hill caroline '' but everyone says `` go to hell caroline '', 
  most of them involve changing random lyrics to `` fuck '' . 
  they do n't even make sense, 
  i ` mretarded.scottbakula, 
  this here is the root of the issue . 
  i 'm one to talk about spending time on social media , i 'm on reddit like two hours a day . 
  it 's just that girls seem to be so obsessed with how things look on social media , and how happy other people look . 
  just stop making everything a competition . 
  who gives a fuck if your social media friend bon queef got engaged in paris . 
  she has 500,000 followers and probably staged the photo to monetize her account . 
  people do n't realize how fake the snapchat and instagram lifestyle is . 
  wait she was on tinder while you were fucking her ? 
  and the overall cost of nuclear plants ? 
  it 's very difficult for utilities to break even let alone profit off the lifecycle of a nuclear plant , so they are reluctant to invest in them . 
  distributed generation is the way to go . 
  ken m is that you ? 
  lmao that 's the funniest thing i 've seen all day, 
  cocaine, 
  not necessarily . 
  cocaine just makes everything better, 
  whats up with bristol and coughing lately . 
  my gf has whooping cough . 
  i 'm american and was force fed the borrowers growing up, 
  there 's a business opportunity in here somewhere, 
  god dammit, 
  my dad 's youngest aunt was basically his sister . 
  only a 2 year difference, 
  where do they have it here in nc ? 
  me and a buddy accidentally each got a 12 pack tonight . 
  my fridge is quite literally full of yuengling, 
  * aliens *, 
  recently graduated es major , there 's still a lot of stuff out there . 
  just hurry up and get a job now, 
  we have the mudcats , but more people go to bulls games than mudcats games . 
  biggest names to come through the mudcats are probably dontrelle willis and cameron maybin, 
  i ca n't wait for some beer and peanuts at the dbap this summer, 
  can confirm , in cube now, 
  the president has the authority to send troops anywhere without congressional approval for up to 60 days . 
  i believe this applies to missile/airstrikes etc as well, 
  started my first proper office job on monday . 
  very odd feeling to just come and go as i please, 
  theory of the 4 o 's of bad driving :, 
  old, 
  oriental, 
  ovaries, 
  on the god-damned phone, 
  tbf the germans got the assist from lenin and trotsky, 
  hello there, 
  north carolina fc and i keep an eye on portsmouth, 
  there would be what , 12 sites ? 
  so probably 2 canadian , 3-4 mexican , and 6-7 american ? 
  so it would be :, 
  tigres, 
  somewhere else in mexico, 
  metlife ( nyc ), 
  kroenke world ( la ), 
  jerry world ( dallas ), 
  atlanta ? 
  vegas ( raiders stadium ) or phoenix, 
  soldier field ( chicago ), 
  and probably either santa clara or either philly or boston, 
  i figure that tries to cover thing fairly evenly geographically, 
  i 'm torn between a second northeast location and an emphasis on stadiums near the mexican border, 
  possibly , my knowledge of liga mx is lacking, 
  our apartments meet the strictest ^ ^ ^ ^ haitian earthquake zone building codes, 
  damn , in the us we only got a week off and it was like 3 weeks before easter ( and everyone went to mexico or florida to get shit faced ), 
  wenger out, 
  hoist the copypasta, 
  lmao pizza guy, 
  my friend said in peru restaurants have guinea pig pens so you can pick your own , like you would a lobster in an american seafood restaurant, 
  was his name rudolph, 
  hello , i currently live in raleigh . 
  north cackalacky is best cackalacky, 
  your grandpa has good beer, 
  nah bro you smell all fishy, 
  i work 5 minutes down the street from a bunch of stupid assholes ... 
  based bad daddy 's, 
  the whole thing started as a `` fuck you '' by mccrory to his old coworkers at charlotte city council , and has completely ballooned out of control, 
  my dad has been saying for years to not go into cs . 
  he thinks there 's a massive bubble about to burst . 
  that may change with trump 's h1-b crackdown though . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  i 've also been hearing about how ibm is going to lay him off every year ... 
  he 's been there 20 years now . 
  i ended up going into renewable energy , so i guess he did enough of a sales job on me, 
  ~ ~ jesus christ ~ ~ pulisic, 
  fam you just got ta drive 10 minutes out of raleigh, 
  i 'm worried about our boys in this theoretical war . 
  each one of the insurgents would have 300 confirmed kills and be trained in gorilla warfare . 
  wait there is a part 3 ?
