  i just tried the restart approach and it did n't fix it . 
  just fixed it . 
  see the edit i made to my post . 
  both of these sites are really great . 
  i know what i 'm doing for a while . 
  how . 
  i 'm 18 . 
  my 8 am class is a bitch to get to because i hate waking up . 
  one time , when me and my best friend were walking to go hang out with some people , i saw a receipt lying face down on the ground in front of us . 
  i said `` i bet you a dollar that that receipt is for condoms '' ( we were 15 at the time ) . 
  upon further inspection of the receipt , i was one dollar richer . 
  how in the flying fuck did o'brien decide to play for ot . 
  fuck fletcher, 
  well , you are god . 
  you can pretty much pull what you want . 
  anyway , how ? 
  try clicking the update page button . 
  i 'm getting an update from 8:23 pm, 
  greetings from nc state . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  i thought that was the only time waffle house was open, 
  checking in from nc state . 
  can confirm tobacco road exists . 
  unc sucks dick . 
  you do n't happen to work at a certain american retail store that specializes in budget furniture and rugs , do you ? 
  it 's an engineering school . 
  they do things like this for fun . 
  happy cakeday !, 
  yeah something like that !, 
  thank you sir/madame . 
  are you one of the chefs ? 
  is this up in the mountains ? 
  i 'm in raleigh, 
  was there this summer and everything . 
  definitely wyoming . 
  dammit . 
  a ) have a calculus test to study for, 
  b ) am house sitting this week ... alone, 
  hello from nc state . 
  visited y' all 's campus a few years ago . 
  incredibly beautiful, 
  what . 
  the . 
  actual . 
  do n't feel too bad man . 
  he does n't sleep after all ... 
  do i know you ? 
  i knew this kid a few years back named wallace who claimed the same thing . 
  * hendersonville . 
  my cousin knew her, 
  a chemical plant exploded downtown in 2007 , made the front page of cnn 's website for a while, 
  seriously ? 
  fuck you . 
  i was there in july !, 
  place is awesome, 
  its 3 am . 
  im laying in bed . 
  and reading this . 
  shit . 
  well at least you did n't have to work , right ? 
  played around with playoff tool espn has on their website . 
  rams need to win the next three , could lose at seattle in week 17 , and as long as tampa and seattle lose one more game each in the next 4 weeks rams are in . 
  its not over !, 
  we need help , but we can still make it, 
  this deserves more upvotes, 
  god dammit . 
  came to this conclusion about a week ago . 
  finals are this week . 
  i 'm stressing . 
  american here . 
  my grandmother is australian . 
  i have a little statue of ned kelly on the shelf in my room . 
  kinda like my dad . 
   south cackalacky, 
  ftfy, 
  get the fries . 
  use seasoning very liberally . 
  it is basically cocaine, 
  idk where you are in wake , but go south or west . 
  its awesome, 
  yup . 
  cajun filet biscuit is what you are gon na want . 
  you go in , order , make sure you get a sweet tea with it , and when they give you your order at the end of the line , there will be a small seasoning shaker on the counter . 
  use that stuff everywhere . 
  it 's kinda like a kfc thing , where the exact spices are a secret , but it is seriously addictive . 
  the biscuit , fries , and tea all come as a combo . 
  i got this exact thing for dinner tonight . 
  ninja edit : i just gave you your 20000th comment karma . 
  i have a conspiracy theory involving the haslam family . 
  as you may ( or may not ) know , the haslams are the university of tennessee 's biggest boosters . 
  seeing the shitty state of tennessee football over the last 7 years , and how tennessee 's sec rivals are out recruiting and outplaying them , the haslam purchase of the browns was engineered solely to draw nick saban away from alabama to cleveland to open the door for greater success at ut . 
  or i 'm just crazy . 
  i 'm assuming that the ipads came from the donation and not suh directly ? 
  otherwise the ncaa may want to have a word with the nebraska athletic dept. 
  it is $ 0.06 a gallon in venezuela, 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you . 
  europe is insane , but they also get super high efficiency diesel models , so it offsets the prices a little bit . 
  [ you so sure about that ? 
  ] ( http://nesn.com/2012/12/report-browns-trying-to-lure-michael-lombardi-to-be-general-manager-nick-saban-to-coach/ ),
