  there is a lot of pirate related stuff in bath , inland towards greenville . 
  unfortunately i think that is pretty far out of your way :(, 
  i never thought these people were real until a guy i know got all excited when i wore my mert shirt to a concert and he told me bayern and psg are his favorite teams, 
  that kid 's name ? 
  * paul scholes *, 
  if you die , walk it off, 
  also , mormons really love basketball, 
  i went camping last night !, 
  my tent flooded, 
  soon, 
  well now that i 've heard of this game for the first time in my life twice today , i 'm a little creeped out, 
  it is !, 
  i get better 4g service on the side of glaciers in skaftafell than i do in my bedroom back home, 
  i was in a similar situation , and started to plan the trip to iceland that i am currently on . 
  if you want something totally different than at home , come here . 
  the locals all pretty much speak english including a lot of american slang , so communication is easy , it is very safe , and the people here are quite friendly to foreigners . 
  this was my first international trip and i absolutely love it !, 
  really though , every time i need motivation , i hear that in my head now . 
  it kinda works ... 
  just a heads up , i just got back . 
  thorsmork is still snowed in , and further north is in bad shape . 
  it was warmer weather this week , so that may start to melt , but be prepped for snow, 
  i fucking love beer, 
  i 've come to that conclusion :(, 
  luckily i 've got family in tennessee who i 'm visiting next weekend , and i found a place that sells it there !, 
  rick steves san antonio, 
  blonde scandinavian girls, 
  ah , the ol surprise counter defensive rimjob, 
  usoc maybe ? 
  that 's why i like aussie girls, 
  fara williams is bae, 
  that 's the englandest thing that ever englanded, 
  that 's the englandest thing that ever englanded, 
  for all it 's other problems in the state , miami is really nice, 
  the 4th of july leftovers were not worth it at all, 
  fuck it i just got home from there and i 'm kinda crushing on a girl from reykjavik right now ... 
  # *** vamos salvador ***, 
  get some nerf guns and baby you have a tf2 match going, 
  since when have we had beer ? 
  i 've done both . 
  the geysers at yellowstone are better in my opinion , but iceland is the most dramatic place i have ever visited, 
  its like playing your little brother in fifa, 
  mexicans fucking love astronomy, 
  someone give this man a job, 
  congrats on the sex, 
  the fuck ? 
  ups store worker here , can confirm , that 's standard operating procedure . 
  at worst they should charge her 3-5 dollars, 
  kansas `` millwall '' city, 
  so how was the sex ? 
  what happened to morris ? 
  someone get this guy 's film rights, 
  funnily enough , i 've driven 3 hours raleigh to charlotte to save money before, 
  that was an alligator . 
  ive been down there multiple times and they make a deep rumbling noise like that, 
  well i did that too, 
  costa rica got concacafed, 
  eat some good but not too exotic food , have a beer , and just breathe . 
  that usually helps me relax a little . 
  think about your situation , realize you can do this , and move forward, 
  in north carolina , can confirm , lots of hindus, 
  adrian was butthurt too, 
  her soccer knowledge is a definite bonus, 
  rock that shit dude, 
  the girl i met earlier this summer in iceland cant come over to visit this october , so that 's a bummer . 
  but i did get an interview for an internship in my field next week , and i 'm looking into flying out to london for an arsenal game over winter break, 
  m8 , there is no multitasking with rocket league . 
  ball is life, 
  it must be so terrible a life when you are unable to perform your job duties as a professional footballer as a result of fucking your 10/10 girlfriend, 
  why is the milan keeper wearing a champions league top ? 
  harpoons fired, 
  did you have to do this in charlotte ? 
  i did n't see raleigh listed, 
  how can someone have never heard of real madrid though ? 
  if you are even remotely exposed to soccer you are going to see cristiano ronaldo pretty quickly, 
  this guy fucks, 
  gahhh i miss it so much :(, 
  seriously ? 
  i graduated in 2012 and my spanish teacher was an angry old lady who had been around long enough that she had seen the franco regime fall as an adult living in spain , and had gone on to teach one of my friends ' mothers when she was in high school in the 80s, 
  it was a pretty decent hit for a 64 year old guy, 
  unacceptable . 
  eh , in fairness the fox guys is actually pretty good . 
  mike pereria is his name ? 
  he went to duke , so you know he is a smart dude, 
  21 here now . 
  i lived in the soda house growing up . 
  i 'm pretty sure my dad has/had a coca cola addiction . 
  i could have it whenever i wanted . 
  my best friend on the other hand was banned from all soda . 
  fast forward a few years and i hardly drink soda , and my friend kills a fridge pack of pepsi every week or so . 
  i 'm sorry dad :(, 
  i think he 's world class , we just need depth, 
  chill satan, 
  lol what the fuck, 
  lol holy fuck this is fifa shit, 
  do n't forget williams either !, 
  second from right in the 7 section is a cropped nude, 
  gg bournemouth, 
  bruh . 
  before we took out carson palmer last year , arizona looked like a serious super bowl contender .
