  my friend 's dad farted at the dinner table the first time he met his future inlaws . 
  so it might still work out . 
  as a fellow underage drinker who has had the luxury of friends with taste for fancy beer , bud is not the greatest , but it gets the job done . 
  my personal favorite type of beer is free beer . 
  hahaha i grew up drinking my dad 's coors . 
  even if its free it is still pretty nasty . 
  i work in a shipping store . 
  you would be surprised how many people ca n't do this . 
  is there varying levels of this ? 
  i can count numbers normally but ca n't make change for my life and am having my third go at calculus 1 . 
  do n't forget missouri and maine, 
  postponed the civil war by about 10 years, 
  no this is jake . 
  from state farm . 
  i saw george brett in the subway once, 
  they did some cool full team substitution press packages later in the game . 
  and their fans were really classy . 
  rip screwed guy, 
  i 've only had good experiences with cary cops . 
  now apex on the other hand ... 
  who wants chowdah, 
  what about your culture output ? 
  black bear discrimination is a real problem in today 's society . 
  tilekum sounds like something i clean off the floor in my bathroom, 
  i got nailed there 2 months ago, 
  have fun getting teabagged by calipari 's one and dones, 
  am i the only one who thought that the out of bounds call was n't changed because of inconclusive evidence ? 
  yeah the initial call was wrong but the video was also too close to call . 
  i find it kinda funny how hard michigan fans are justifying the calls in this thread, 
  so is osama, 
  does n't matter , class outside, 
  i realize the label has a typo, 
  i work for a franchise , its cool bro, 
  there are plenty of free ones in amsterdam, 
  does n't matter ; tasty crab, 
  as far as i 'm concerned , this was an optimal outcome . 
  she pissed on you , and you did the gentlemanly thing and took the blame . 
  i think you are good . 
  you must not hang with r. kelly much, 
  not enough medical background to know if serious or not, 
  grad students are strange creatures, 
  are you a greek god ? 
  where are your seats ? 
  i 'm debating a 12 voucher or full season in the supporters section, 
  they are pretty lax about ticket checks . 
  you can probably slide on down midway through a game, 
  is there any data actually showing this ? 
  very interesting stuff . 
  awesome response , thanks !, 
  as a guy who liked a girl from there and lives in raleigh , this thread is funny, 
  just do n't tell your future wife this is how you decided to propose, 
  holy shit, 
  um , were we in the same class ? 
  the one over ticket and the panthers flair are making me think so, 
  wake . 
  raleigh to be exact, 
  damn nc cops are racist, 
  14 goals five assists . 
  no mercy for the younglings, 
  assists from deflections off the bar of shots taken from the opposing box, 
  this kills the booty, 
  marvel actually has a couple of bad ass female characters . 
  maria hill is very capable in her own right as well, 
  the whole reason the `` red in my ledger '' thing is n't explained is to build story/plot points for the upcoming marvel movies . 
  these movies are structured a lot more like a tv series than your usual movie . 
  it 's not like a james bond film where each story in the series is fairly self contained . 
  instead there are recurring villains and multi movie story arcs to go along with each movies self contained plot . 
  scarlet witch ? 
  jean grey ? 
  peggy carter ? 
  plus being the ceo of a fortune 500 international corporation, 
  american here . 
  pls elaborate, 
  ottawas would be the best if it were n't for the weird red shoulder stripes . 
  african american , not burnt . 
  * honey , where 's my black baby stash ? 
  dude . 
  it was a joke . 
  fuck you my boss is indian and i have to work tomorrow, 
  no but now its gon na be business business business hairy indian ass busines, 
  are you a hobbit ? 
  how did has he gotten lighter over the years ? 
  too soon, 
  the railhawks , unfortunately, 
  ft.lauderdale as well, 
  what part of nc ? 
  you seem like a trustworthy guy i could spend money at, 
  opium helps with that, 
  i 'm up in raleigh . 
  thanks though . 
  if i 'm ever down your way i 'll keep you in mind, 
  to add on the the salary cap , legally how would that work with soccer ? 
  in nhl/nfl the teams are franchises which are required to play by league rules because they are technically extensions of the league . 
  could n't a group of soccer clubs just break away if uefa or one of the big leagues started enforcing a salary cap because they are independent entities ? 
  i suppose if the cap was high enough it would work . 
  i know the nfl cap is somewhere i 'm the < strike  50-60 million < / strike  130 million usd range , so quite a bit less than what you propose, 
  that 's how i started supporting arsenal , because of the kronke connection, 
  no nfl guys do n't make a ton in the grand scheme of things . 
  guys like peyton manning or tom brady make more in endorsing dollars than their actual salary, 
  really ?
