   great car driving, 
  you 're talking out your ass, 
  certainly worse ways to live than playing professional basketball in tuscany, 
  i do this with little flag pins on my 50l pack !, 
  pigeon forge is super , super touristy and cheesey . 
  i love it because i have good memories of family trips there , but it may not be for you, 
  mistakes happen . 
  i was driving a friend 's car which is an automatic and pulling into a space accidentally mashed the brake instinctively going for the clutch . 
  i stopped hard , but it can happen, 
  how was mongolia ? 
  i was specing a seoul/ulaan baatar dual excursion . 
  it was very preliminary but mongolia has always been on my list, 
  boulware getting ready to squeeze some nuts, 
  alabama 24 clemson 17, 
  * triggered *, 
  if desean watson wants to be an nfl qb , he 's got ta make that read on 4th and 1 and audible out of a pitch towards two defenders, 
  my understanding is that any part of the body hitting the head of a defenseless receiver is targeting, 
  clemson fans are second only to ncsu fans in ref complaining, 
  i guess it 's the refs ' fault clemson ca n't wrap up, 
  number 86 on the bama sideline with the sweet 70s porno stache, 
  it 's always like this for the new fields they lay down for big games . 
  the grass is n't established, 
  dad report : currently wishing for picture in picture . 
  flipping between saving private ryan on amc and the game, 
  what the fuck man i was planning on watching this, 
  he 's already playing in tampa bay , home of the second round kicker, 
  dad report : thought the punt down was closer than it first appeared . 
  get ready fam it 's coming all night, 
  commercials dad report : thought peyton should have tripped spurrier on the way out to the coin toss, 
  those damn refs not tackling bo scarborough, 
  dad report : why is bill walton dressed as uncle sam on espn u ? 
  so what you 're saying is give it to bo ? 
  apperently the rest of cfb is n't either ... 
  dad report : dabo swinney looks like a doofus, 
  dad report : player helmet cameras are the next big step in football broadcasting, 
  pick 6 this drive, 
  boulware approves, 
  my 24-17 prediction is still valid, 
  you spin me round baby when you go down, 
  an actual targeting penalty ? 
  your lions may mays have no power here, 
  surrender cobra sighting, 
  it 's coming down to the wire, 
  soft, 
  it ai n't over till it 's over, 
  turn on finebaum for the lulz, 
  ** home sweet home to meeeee **, 
  he 's dirk nowitzki 's brother in law, 
  wait seriously ? 
  i did n't realize they were related, 
  ly bad, 
  * i 'll be here all week *, 
  shhhhhhh . 
  you 're disturbing the circlejerk, 
  an nfl team has absolutely no chance to compete with alabama football in birmingham, 
  wolf, 
  there 's no way they drop the bolt helmets, 
  rams are going blue and yellow , the blue and white thing is just a rumor from our color rush logo, 
  this exactly . 
  my local nasl side has better atmosphere than the nfl games i 've gone to, 
  an arsenal league game last year was like # 50, 
  funny you mention lsu since they 've continually been threatened with defunding of the athletic department by the la state government, 
  shitposts, 
  hey man do n't touch my almonds and weed, 
  you must not watch clemson football, 
  gentrification tho, 
  charlotte is getting one this summer , maybe soon, 
  is this on the western side of the mountain up against v\u00edk ? 
  i was there last summer and went down to the beach right from v\u00edk . 
  side note did the campground there ever finish renovating the men 's bathroom, 
  side note , if you are a poor college kid like this guy and myself , b\u00e6jarins beztu in reykjavik is the shit for cheap food . 
  also habibi is this really cool syrian place, 
  make sure your tent is waterproof . 
  i camped it , best experience of my life , but i woke up in a cold puddle at 5 am about 3 miles up the road from op 's picture, 
  that stretch between v\u00edk and kirkjub\u00e6jarklaustur was so foggy it was a hellscape when i drove through . 
  super cool looking but very hard to navigate, 
  my man !, 
  let me tell you the coed showers were a little unusual for this prude american when i was there lol, 
  mustafi is kevin love conformed, 
  * hooray *, 
  it 's closed , just this week, 
  jds tavern in apex has fantastic wings, 
  i find my shoe does n't do a good job of keeping my coffee warm, 
  do n't be an asshole, 
  hood hipsters, 
  lol i remember when this happened, 
  st. denis is n't paris, 
  hmmmm . 
  this has the makings of a highly unscientific personal experience, 
  i 've had a similar recipe before and the beans actually add a unique flavor, 
  there is a track record of western societies become hyper stratified , and it usually ends with execution of the elites in the streets, 
  dude all the girls in my social circle have been on a nonstop gilmore girls binge, 
  super bowls are won and lost in the trenches . 
  atlanta 's superior offensive line beat seattle , who could n't protect the quarterback , and dallas 's lack of pass rush just cost them the game . 
  carrasco, 
  eric fisher cementing bust status, 
  that was boneheaded, 
  andy reid tried so hard and got so far , but in the end it did n't even matter, 
  is his mom mother fekir ? 
  super dab kid dank meme incoming,
