  but if you asked me what my soccer team was , it is 100 % arsenal, 
  another guy said olsson was a more exciting prospect than bellerin lol, 
  get the fuck out, 
  nostalgia incoming, 
  so make it two wipes , one after the group and one after the quarters . 
  that way if you get two yellows in two games you get suspended , buy do n't miss the final, 
  in my experience there are better airports to poo in, 
  the woj has spoken, 
  damn buffon going to be 200 years old and still playing, 
  minnesota united played one hell of a game last night, 
  no that 's carl jenkinson m8, 
  could cleveland clear cap space to get dwayne wade ? 
  hmm . 
  very interesting . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  the way the nba cap works has always slightly mystified me, 
  compared to china and psg mls is not a money league, 
  she 's a keeper !, 
  north american salaries are reported before taxes . 
  people on this sub are delusional if they think mls has the spending power of psgs oil lords or the chinese, 
  and psg pays their players ' taxes while mls clubs do not . 
  look at it another way . 
  giovinco is the best player in mls , and makes around $ 7 million a year before taxes . 
  zlatan was the highest paid player in ligue 1 , and was making about $ 12 million a year , which adjusts to about $ 13 million . 
  rooney is the highest paid player in the pl ( though not the best ) pulling about $ 17.2 million a year . 
  lavezzi is pulling $ 27.6 million per year in china next season . 
  giovinco is the highest paid player in mls . 
  its not even close to the same levels as psg or china . 
  holy shit, 
  this is why the premier league is the best soccer league . 
  la liga and bundesliga are way too top-heavy, 
  he 's not a rim protector though . 
  bogut was shutting down the cavs the first part of the series, 
  we buried my grandfather in a suit , but under the shirt he had on his favorite sweatshirt for his favorite football team, 
  civil rights act and the apollo program, 
  sec is bestec, 
  [ i do n't want to say i called it buuuuut ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/4r7qdh/my_next_chapter_by_kevin_durant/d4yxoxk ), 
  it was like $ 100 for upper deck seats in most stadiums, 
  really ? 
  on all the match threads people were complaining about how ridiculous ticket prices were, 
  not a milf, 
  into pieces , this is my last resort, 
  and the cleveland circle of fucking is complete, 
  got my tickets in the standing end !, 
  we 're hyped !, 
  i found everyone to be super nice in december, 
  fun college football fact semi related to carolina . 
  wake forest used to be located in wake forest , nc , which is an outer suburb of raleigh and in the same `` tobacco road '' region that is so prevalent with basketball . 
  in the 1950s , the peak of the north carolina tobacco industry , the foundation founded by the reynolds family ( of rj reynolds tobacco ) made a large `` donation '' to the university , which then relocated about two hours up the road to winston-salem , the center of the reynolds empire and tobacco industry in the united states . 
  wake forest remains there today . 
  so even universities and their athletic teams can relocate in the us, 
  red bulls is a particularly bad example , as they are a walking corporate sponsorship . 
  another thing you will find , the lower the league or popularity of the sport , you tend to find some crazy nicknames . 
  in the nfl for example , you have standard stuff like rams or lions . 
  probably the craziest names are packers or steelers , but those are historical names from when the teams were sponsored by the major industries in their cities . 
  in lower leagues though ( looking at you minor league baseball ) you can get some pretty odd ( but cool ) names , like the albuquerque isotopes , or the hartford yard goats ( my personal favorite is an independent team called the sugar land skeeters in texas ) . 
  mls was guilty of this at the start , with names like miami fusion and kansas city wizards , but through rebrands and with new expansion clubs , things are starting to follow a more `` traditional '' naming convention . 
  you have nycfc , orlando city , the new atlanta team is going to be atlanta united . 
  kansas city rebranded to sporting kansas city , and los angeles ' second team is going to be lafc . 
  the red bulls used to be the new york/new jersey metrostars ( rolls right off the tongue ) but changed after they got bought . 
  in my opinion , if anything , mls is going too generic in an attempt to emulate europe . 
  the france 2014 kits were pure sex, 
  so how many times has the word `` pussy '' been jokingly inserted under the sponsor, 
  whoa , i have seen one of these, 
  flair up if you are going to talk shit about other countries, 
  so do we . 
  unfortunately nike can make 64 different uniforms for oregon football but only one template for france , england , the us and portugal . 
  oh i know , and phil knight is an oregon fan . 
  i 'm sure if we had the resources available to us we would all do the same thing . 
  but it is a little lazy when all the shirts are literally the exact same template , just re colored, 
  kd sounds like a fuck boy, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/9yt0b_qbp_a ), 
  the chicago homicide rate is representative of fairly localized gang violence . 
  that is in no way representative of the united states as a whole, 
  lol the us is not even close to leading the world in gun homicides . 
  check you facts bro, 
  i 'm not overly surprised . 
  i 've had great experiences in the classroom with state , but there have been some pretty major administrative failures in my time here, 
  awesome , thank you, 
  the more i learn , the more profound i realize socrates was . 
  learning is just a never ending chain of branching topics to learn about, 
  my lab ta was playing it while teaching lab this morning, 
  nc state 's campus has lots of pokestops , the pokemon are limited though, 
  he actually got minutes tonight lol, 
  railhawks just got a new ownership group , previously they were owned by traffic sports , of fifa corruption bust fame . 
  the new guy is a local business man , who seems committed to building the club and improving both on field play and the off field experience , but this is a first signature signing for the new regime . 
  awesome write-up man , but if you can , you should say west ham was founded in the 19th century , not 18th, 
  np  my old editor ways are hard to shake, 
  the railhawks penalty was a clear handball , i was in that end, 
  having gone to one nfl game , i am convinced that without the blackout rule stadiums would be mostly empty . 
  i enjoy the game so much more watching it on tv than at the stadium , which you can do for freeish, 
  mate i think you have him the wrong name, 
  summer organic chemistry is a manageable bitch if i study every day but all i want to do is hunt pokemon, 
  ah i see we 've had our daily `` shit on americans '' / r/soccer thread, 
  contractors working on an external led screen on the building, 
  i snagged my magmar right there as well, 
  actually , check the ncsu surplus sale , which i think is early next week . 
  there are a ton of abandoned bikes tagged for removal on campus right now that will end up there . 
  they might need some tlc but if you are good with that stuff you might get a steal, 
  so when does erdogan get strung up from a bridge,
