  college kicking is much more variable due to the hash marks running slightly outside the goal posts, 
  2 penis 2 furious, 
  i had a customer named last named dikshit, 
  ups master race here, 
  the good thing is head wounds bleed profusely compared to severity . 
  so hopefully he 's alright, 
  same here . 
  playing obj . 
  rams fan . 
  can confirm , 21 tomorrow . 
  jumped in utero at t rex part . 
  hell , why not . 
  here 's to mine and my sister 's education and a trip to iceland . 
  i had a urologist named dr. wiener, 
  not op , but yeah they do . 
  it 's pretty crazy how much they deliver, 
  i have n't taken it yet , but i took 101 over the summer last year at wake tech with dixit . 
  he teaches orgo there as well . 
  i thought he was fantastic , so that may be worth looking into . 
  yeah but spec ops missions are pretty rare opportunities . 
  damn . 
  i was born in 93 and two days ago was my birthday . 
  my thoughts go out to you . 
  a life is measured not in years but in adventures , emotions , and loved ones . 
  i 'm sure hers was a beautiful one . 
  edit : damn , just saw you are from charlotte . 
  if you are ever in raleigh hit me up , we can grab a beer . 
  excuse me . 
  i live in nc , within a few hours of both of those guys . 
  anyone want me to visit and post results ? 
  idk what he 's talking about . 
  i think the west is oakland 's division once peyton retires, 
  maybe / u/nobilityscooter can hook you up with some headphones so you can stealth watch porn when you move back in, 
  nick saban is tuscaloosa jesus, 
  relevant : http://youtu.be/7euevkqp9zo, 
  as a rams/tennessee combo fan : fuck yesssssssss, 
  you have no idea how i feel as a ram fan, 
  yup . 
  although the 1998 bcs and 1999 super bowl plus the yankees dynasty made the late 90s my favorite time in sports history . 
  i know the media wifi is some variation of `` stormy97 '', 
  i 've seen both of these bands live in the last 4 months . 
  along with that greening comes thawing of the far northern permafrost . 
  as it melts , it releases large stores of methane and carbon into the atmosphere . 
  which will utterly fuck over the climate . 
  fuck you kaitlyn . 
  there was an arsenal game a few months back where the commentators kept picking up fucks and shites, 
  where squirrels go nuts follow, 
  i 'm a tennessee fan . 
  as if i needed one more reason to hate ol' kiffy, 
  #justseattlethings ? 
  sully is that you ? 
  lol its a video game reference . 
  squarely on green bay 's inability to score first half touchdowns, 
  3rd of my name . 
  thankfully it works both ways so i 'm golden, 
  i had an 8am with him my freshman year and did n't realize it was him for 2 weeks . 
  fucking early classes man, 
  holy shit do you work in my store ? 
  i have cleaned perfect lipstick prints off the glass before, 
  this exchange is why local club football is so cool, 
  black widow irl, 
  you do n't go to the moon ignoring details, 
  huh . 
  i should go to asia, 
  alright now i feel like we 've departed the realm of criminal justice and entered bullshit land, 
  guinness actually has nutritional merits though ? 
  it sucks being a big guy and trying to get drunk on guinness . 
  by my third or fourth pint i 'm barely tipsy and feel grossly full . 
  i 've been sat in that room solely because my group wanted to watch football . 
  it 's pretty quiet though . 
  there was an irish band playing and we could n't hear them at all, 
  its so difficult to stay up for games when you 've been surfing all day , drinking fruity cocktails from coconuts and getting massages from beautiful polynesian women though, 
  that was one of the crazier things i 've seen, 
  i kinda want to though . 
  just to see . 
  i 'm a grill btw , 
  now that 's a name i have n't heard in a long time, 
  i read the rime of the ancient marniner in my sophomore english class in high school though ? 
  maybe moyes was n't the problem, 
  i wonder if their kits will be manufactured in the us . 
  one of their big selling points for their shoes is that they are american made, 
  bro i checked for ya, 
  she a little crazy, 
  come on you gunners, 
  bull mccabe 's in durham is the official one of the triangle . 
  i have n't had a chance to check it out myself, 
  injury prone ? 
  inconsistent ? 
  all buildup no finish ? 
  discounted fee ? 
  came for de bruyne , stayed for topless weather girl, 
  i think he would fit well too . 
  having some cushion where giroud or welbeck getting hurt does n't automatically mean sanogo would be nice, 
  not sure if i 'm more concerned about my multi variable calculus in two hours or the nld, 
  get new friends, 
  ooops . 
  i pocket reddited, 
  damn that 's kind of dark, 
  dunno if you 've looked at a tesla but it has a sub 4.0 0-60 time putting it squarely in the performance category while also being electric . 
  it is an innovative luxury car , and a fast one at that that will smoke anything ford puts out short of the gt500 mustang or gt,
