  it is really stupid to live in the suburbs and be upset when kids are around at places you go out for the evening . 
  it 's the suburbs , it 's where families live . 
  if you make it more a `` northeastern '' wc , with smaller stadiums allowed :, 
  metlife , red bulls arena , gillette , lincoln financial , talen energy , ralph wilson , wherever nycfc ends up playing , and maybe toronto , or m&t bank in baltimore . 
  opener and final in metlife , 3rd place and a semi final at gillette and a semi in philly, 
  dc is mid atlantic though ? 
  transportation would probably be easier though, 
  eh i thought he was good, 
  dat hockey assist, 
  i wonder how much cord cutting has to do with this . 
  the nfl is seeing similar viewership drops this season , even with the product being pretty much the same . 
  i got ta think this is a new trend across the board then for all major professional sports . 
  vomit alert, 
  agreed . 
  defenders peak a bit later than forwards , i do n't mind holding on to gabby, 
  i 've always thought bielik was more of a dm type . 
  obj goat field goal net celebration, 
  wtf flacco had a guy wide open, 
  7-9 here we come !, 
  pagano is a terrible fucking coach, 
  cfb is much more unpredictable , there feels like a risk in pretty much each and every game that a top team will lose , or a small team will get the upset . 
  now in the nfl , the top teams pretty much always win , flags dictate the pace of play , and the league has overly commercialized everything, 
  do the browns and eagles play this season ? 
  they seem to be ok thumbing their noses at the league a bit, 
  spikes are specifically exempt from flags in the rule book , as long as it 's not at another person, 
  hohoho if you think anything in fifa has changed , i 've got some news for you, 
  * so close *, 
  random , but are n't you a ut fan ? 
  i feel like i 've seen your flair on / r/cfb . 
  i think you 're right in cases like that , but at the same time having been a tennessee fan this season has been anything but predictable lol . 
  if each nfl game was more meaningful to the schedule , maybe the same effect would be accomplished, 
  but we would n't have ozil most likely . 
  it was pretty crappy when he left , but i 'm glad the way things panned out, 
  super shitty amateur here , but you drive quite a bit into the ground with your legs , so it could be that repetitive motion over time on bad turf could lead to injury, 
  spoken like a true economist , 
  can i have your weed hookup ? 
  this better be the wine stomping thing, 
  aww yeah !, 
  you swiss are pretty swell, 
  to be honest , i 'm unsure how anyone could be a trump supporter after graduating from a university . 
  the bare minimum critical thinking ability needed to get through college is enough to either disprove or invalidate the vast majority of his platform . 
  at this point not even party allegiance is rationale for supporting him , seeing how most actual conservatives have disavowed him . 
  trump himself said that electing her would be four more years of obama . 
  unemployment is down , the economy is doing better , we are starting to invest more in the space program . 
  it seems pretty good to me . 
  my main issue with trump is that he never actually explains anything . 
  `` maga '' is not a legitimate foreign policy or economic plan, 
  my two rbs were lacy and ap -_-, 
   relevance, 
  it 's a seperate issue , but one that we should care much more about than we already do . 
  climate change seems to be of such little importance , and energy policy takes a dank meme to get any attention nationally , as we are causing irreparable damage to our planet , and the sooner we can become a multi planetary species , the better the long-term outlook of humanity is . 
  regarding economic growth , that 's what happens when you are coming off the worst financial crisis since the depression ( caused in large part by conservative sponsored deregulation i might add ) and do n't have wartime manufacturing to pull you out of the economic hole . 
  i liked the don cheadle tnf intro better, 
  fun fact , tirico is actually white . 
  or so he says anyway, 
  if all my civ games are a galaxy of sentient species , gunpowder is the great filter preventing them from colonizing the cosmos, 
  i 'm on the job hunt , i graduate in december . 
  lots of environmental science jobs out there , which is nice , but it seems only about one in five actually pays decently . 
  i just hope i can get something lined up before i leave school , i do n't want to work another christmas in my current job . 
  you forgot the airhorns, 
  you should come down south , certain elements here hate blacks and muslims, 
  right now , football has three big problems :, 
  one is total over saturation . 
  nfl is on in primetime three nights a week , and for the most part , those games have sucked . 
  the teams are crappy , the star players are hurt ( not the leagues fault ) , and most people have trouble seeing the two or three games a week that are exciting , because they are usually only locally broadcast in the 1 pm sunday timeslot . 
  meanwhile in college football , i can flip from game to game , all the games of national importance are on espn or fox , and in general the product is more exciting . 
  as a sub point , the way the `` smaller leagues '' such as the nba or even the premier league are broadcast , it is a much more user friendly experience . 
  problem two is the absolutely terrible officiating that seems to be consuming the league . 
  i 'm all for player safety , and i think that the nfl is going to have to significantly change if guys are going to stop dying of cte 20 years after they retire , but the amount of tic tac penalties that get called is ridiculous . 
  i said a couple weeks ago , i was watching a college game and i was totally into it , could not tear myself away to get a beer or go to the bathroom , and for a while i could n't figure out why . 
  finally after the game , i realized there was only five or six penalties called the whole time , which kept the game moving , and the amplified how close the game was . 
  the nfl has absolutely no game flow right now . 
  if they want to improve the quality of the product , they need to lower the frequency of the more `` technical '' fouls , like illegal man down field , illegal touching , less obvious pass interference calls . 
  let the guys play . 
  right now , defense is so neutered that if a team gets a solid o-line put together , and a serviceable to good qb , the secondary can do very little to prevent them from taking over . 
  it feels like games are decided for the most part in the offseason when rosters are assembled , and in the league officiating office . 
  finally , the third problem . 
  the nfl has become a soulless corporate shell of itself . 
  i 'm not sure how much if it is the rose colored glasses coming off as i have grown up , but when i was a kid , there were guys out there who felt like gods . 
  they had unique personalities , certain teams were known for certain things , and in general i had a much more emotional connection to the league . 
  now , it feels like all 32 teams are less teams , and more extensions of the nfl ( which technically they are ) which are all told to push the same on field product , to push the same products the league has sponsorship deals with . 
  couple this with the rise of fantasy football , and it 's pretty easy to feel detached , even from your own team . 
  guys are n't allowed to have their own personalities on the field , no signature celebrations or flair , and when certain players do ( see cam newton last season or colin kaepernick this year ) the news cycle blows it up into some issue that needs to be debated ad nauseum . 
  maybe , just maybe , it 's ok to just take the sport for what it is , a game . 
  i have really been turned off that last couple years by the nfl , and honestly , if you ask me now , my favorite sports are soccer , cfb , and then maybe the nfl , in that order . 
  growing up , the rams and the nfl were number one to me , by a mile . 
  yesterday , espn was pretty openly criticizing and highlighting the issues the league is facing , which is a first . 
  they have always been up the golden goose 's ass since they got mnf . 
  if they are starting to question the league , i have to think things are going to change , but who knows . 
  i replaced soda with beer . 
  i figure my body can only metabolize one source of extra sugars, 
  i know this will sound corny , but the older i get , the more `` the night is darkest before the dawn '' is actually true . 
  things will get better , you just got ta keep soldiering on . 
  no matter how dire things seem , it will always get better . 
  exactly . 
  if a db clearly inhibits a wr from making a catch , but knocking him down or grabbing his arm or grabbing the facemask , call it . 
  but the totally inconsistent rules about light contact drive me nuts . 
  that 's definitely where i 'm at . 
  i 'm a student and part of my attraction to soccer is that i can pretty much know exactly how long a game is going to last , and that period is all game time . 
  i was watching ut-texas a&m a couple weeks ago and the game lasted 5 and a half freaking hours .
