  you 're an idiot . 
  am i the only one who noticed that one of the kids had a cigar ? 
  every goddamn thread, 
  dr. sack - as a fellow pubescent male , how the hell do you have time to reddit this much ? 
  hey . 
  my dad went to hendersonville too !, 
  last semester , i had an 8 am golf class with scotty mccreery . 
  he was a nice guy . 
  pretty quiet . 
  he has a really nice swing . 
  fear not , it is three months later and i quite enjoyed that comment !, 
  typical linda, 
  does it bring all the boys to the yard ? 
  new mexican food . 
  so good . 
  i lived there the first three years of my life !, 
  shit . 
  mine is too, 
  i finally saw one !, 
  it 's like finding moby dick . 
  so basically mitt romney, 
  thanks !, 
  i think you misunderstood the comment, 
  ah greetings fellow apex redditor . 
  im slightly concerned , because the picture above was taken near ncsu on gorman , where i attend now . 
  i think op car is following me, 
  hope you come home soon !, 
  as a baby , i had so many ear infections the doctor put tubes in my eardrums to continually drain fluid out . 
  when the tubes came out , the hole was supposed to heal . 
  it did n't . 
  i am now 19 with holes in my eardrums . 
  i could get surgery to fix it if i want , but since it does n't bother me i do n't feel like taking the time . 
  i am able to breathe through my right ear , but its not enough to use as the only breathing hole on me . 
  it is a pretty wierd feeling though . 
  yup . 
  i have one . 
  going underwater hurts like a bitch . 
  awwwwwwkwarddddddddd, 
  poisoness ^ poisoness ^ poisoness ^ poisoness ^ poisoness ^ poisoness ^ poisoness ^ poisoness, 
  i bet you fucked my mother last night too, 
  shhh shhhh you are gon na interrupt the circlejerk in this subreddit, 
  i was wondering why he was res tagged `` period panties '', 
   i mean cum on man, 
  ftfy, 
  if the police force has training for that , they might as well have training for drunk driving and the cops can ride around with tall boys of natty light all day . 
  threre is no training for impairment . 
  lol . 
  in north carolina , florida drivers have a reputation as the worst in the union . 
  maybe that guy had a bear at his party, 
  i remember being so excited about getting mine . 
  also a north carolinian . 
  im out of hats !, 
  help !, 
  anyone ? 
  ** down with orangered **, 
  as a yankees fan who is also a fan of the st. louis rams and attends nc state , you need to watch where you put your generalizations there buddy, 
  i 'd say that there are a fair number of yankees fans like that , but there are also a good number like me , who 's father was in the bronx at games in the 70s and my grandfather saw mickey mantle and roger maris in their prime . 
  so are tits, 
  there are two types of people ... 
  well then , who would you consider to be a team that can have a `` true '' fan base ? 
  because apparently all yankees fans are frauds then . 
  apex is better, 
  i love american football , but goddamn its nice to sit through a european football match and be able to watch a half uninterrupted by commercials . 
  whenever a player goes down `` injured '' i use that as my food break . 
  get a nice little three minute break in the action , come back restocked and usually the free kick is just getting underway . 
  i 'll have to look into it . 
  i 'm on the east coast , so the timing thing may be an issue . 
  i have watched some international rugby in the past , so i have a little bit of knowledge of how it works ( sort of haha ) . 
  i also have my dad , who played it a fair bit just in pick up game scenarios when visiting family in australia . 
  he said it was pretty interesting to play . 
  do n't we all, 
  i think it is time i go to bed ... 
  / r/suicidewatch, 
  things are always getting better dude . 
  glad to hear you are making changes in your life !, 
  you mean long horses ? 
  fucking long horses . 
  i had a 4.25 and was in the 70s ... 
  public . 
  in the raleigh , nc area, 
  did your school value honors/ap/ib classes as worth higher potential grade points ? 
  at mine , you could theoretically get a 6.0 if you took all ap classes throughout your career ( this was impossible , not enough classes offered ) and so a lot of people got high gpas . 
  i think the valadictorian ( spelling ? ), 
  in my class had a 5.1 . 
  this . 
  i 'm wondering if this would be a better option than my current studies . 
  6 ' 4 '' here, 
  i wish i was lebron ... 
  how 's the weather up there ? 
  russell wilson is my curse . 
  but i really ca n't root for the seahawks ... 
  if you are interested in the more design/policy/economics aspect of renewables you should check out either environmental science or environmental engineering . 
  that is what i am doing , and absolutely loving it . 
  the accident was so bad his ear popped out of his ankle, 
  ive done 40 once on my bike . 
  thought i was gon na die . 
  is that you kevin ? 
  it 's really this easy to get a dollar ? 
  went to a brewers game last july . 
  amazing people .
