  til . 
  thanks for the correct info, 
  in my family , laying pipe means pooping, 
  my nigga, 
  i think it 's tara, 
  eh maybe . 
  my name starts with t and when signing i said `` fuck it '' and started just doing a fancy print t, 
  do n't drink and fly kids, 
  well , fifa only runs two tournaments , the world cup and club world cup . 
  world cup is contested every 4 years and is played by national teams which are assembled by each country 's soccer governing body . 
  national teams are made up of players who also play for a soccer club ( think olympic hockey or basketball ) . 
  an mls team would not play in the world cup . 
  an mls team could play in club world cup . 
  the club world cup is contested by the winner of each confederation 's champions league and is an annual event . 
  this is the only situation where am mls team would play the likes of manchester united or barcelona in competition unless its an exhibition match . 
  this year 's world cup starts in about a month . 
  aaron hernandez is n't in this class, 
  good point . 
  i figured the other stuff did n't apply because we are discussing mls . 
  do n't worry . 
  i 'm my mothers favorite asshole, 
  as an american with imported ugg slippers , thank you so much, 
  if she is a soccer fan , tap that ass, 
  are you me ? 
  i 'm assuming you are english ? 
  how does the university system work there with 4 different subjects you are studying ? 
  is one like your major area of study and the others a smaller part ? 
  yeah it was kinda freaking me out . 
  unless its fapping time i do n't really wan na watch that , gay or straight . 
  a quick google search shows you like arsenal . 
  good call !, 
  20 here . 
  there are people who have lives other then partying out there , you just got ta find them . 
  college helps . 
  a couple of years ago i went to wall drug just for the sake of going . 
  i knew it was a tourist trap , it was the novelty of going that brought me there . 
  they actually had decent donuts . 
  smokey mountain knife works is an amazing , amazing place, 
  that is brilliant, 
  support your local club as well !, 
  it is cool to see that side of soccer in person . 
  my team draws about 4-6k per match , so we get pretty close with the players and staff . 
  that 's what i 'm doing . 
  do n't want to curse us before the weekend . 
  i 'm not saying it will happen , but i like the us 's chances vs germany over portugal . 
  klinsmann knows how to think like a german , after all . 
  do you want riots ? 
  because this is how you get riots . 
  could you explain this to my girlfriend please, 
  dude this is why you ca n't tap trailer park ass, 
  rekt, 
  he did this in raleigh a few weeks back . 
  it was cool , he surfed all over, 
  yup !, 
  there are blue eyed lumbee here in nc . 
  it is a common theory that they are descendants of the roanoke colonists . 
  that richmond game is tempting . 
  the closest a premier league team will be to nc other than the icc this summer, 
  i got nailed in the exact same spot , 56 in a 35 . 
  get a lawyer, 
  our winds in nc blow mostly west to east, 
  i 'm going down there next weekend to get drunk for my buddies wedding . 
  will report back in no nuclear holocaust . 
  aaaaaaand now i 'm starting up steam, 
  mine masquerades as the ghetto street monster, 
  and now i 'm cracking up in the library, 
  dang dude , that 's pretty badass . 
  having open heart surgeries that is, 
  exactly . 
  we have the money , why the hell not, 
  currently in this balancing act right now, 
  notary public here ... any ups store should notarize anything . 
  the state of north carolina limits any fees charged to $ 5 per signature notarized , so if anyone tries to charge you more tell them to screw off . 
  your bank should be able to notarize stuff as well , but i know they can be picky ( most banks wo n't notarize wills or car titles ) . 
  i can see how that would be a good thing though . 
  you can always be known as tractor dude, 
  dealing with that right now . 
  i feel like i end up tommy gunning guys a lot more then sniping because the stealth aspect sucks, 
  yeah i have been doing that as well . 
  it is just kind of annoying when you are supposed to be super stealthy sniper guy and you end up running and gunning half the time . 
  i also am only about 2 hours into the game and still suck ass , so that is part of it, 
  except ghana right ? 
  i like ghanans . 
  just fuck their football team, 
  tagged as `` dead sea '', 
  it was sloppy passing all night . 
  if they can clean that up , it will be interesting to see how a weakened portugal side matches up . 
  from what i saw a lot of the turnovers were in the transition trying to get the ball out to our forwards . 
  there were a lot of low percentage passes because klinsmann did not want to commit more than three or four numbers down the field after the opening goal . 
  hopefully there will be a bit more pressure against germany and portugal , counter attacks be damned . 
  no it 's for the cramps i promise, 
  something just felt off with him tonight, 
  i think the u-8 's and u-12 's of the us today are going to produce some athletes on the level of rooney or neymar or ozil in terms of technical ability and sheer athleticism . 
  does n't mexico still owe us some tacos and a case of tecate ? 
  dude persians are fucking awesome, 
  so what your saying is mls is a melting pot, 
  just have jones body up on ronaldo all game . 
  bully him physically and keep him from getting a rhythm . 
  things are shifting . 
  there are multiple club youth leagues and academies set up , soccer is gaining popularity in all levels and demographics , and youth coaching is emphasizing technique .
