  i 'm 21m heading to iceland in may of this year by myself . 
  my parents have gotten upset several times , especially as the trip draws closer , when i tell them new details about my trip . 
  they keep saying im `` naive '' and do n't really know what i 'm getting myself into and i 'm going to be out of my depth because i have never really solo traveled before . 
  i 'm just going for 10 days and the most `` dangerous '' thing i 'm doing is some moderately challenging hiking , which i 'm fairly experienced with . 
  i have friends of a friend who live in reykjavik , so its not like i 'm going to be entirely alone for the duration of the trip . 
  is this fairly normal parent behavior , or are they out of line ? 
  i 'm just tired if getting the guilt trip from them , and quite frankly its starting to make me feel like a shitty son . 
  mods pls, 
  visiting iceland next month from the us , and i am in the process of getting my credit cards converted over from the basic magnetic strip to the chip cards europe uses . 
  do i absolutely need a pin on my credit card if i 'm headed outside of reykjavik , or will i be covered with just a chip ? 
  i 'm having trouble finding a credit card provider that will give me a pin , and the most recent information i can find regarding the situation in iceland is from 2013 , so it is somewhat out of date . 
  thanks !, 
  this actually happened about an hour ago , so bonus points for me i guess ? 
  so , last night i was over at a buddies house to play some early summer late night video games . 
  i 've been out of classes for about a month now , so my sleep schedule has been a little weird . 
  anyway , i 'm in the middle of wiping the floor as the mighty songhai empire in a civ v lan game , and i notice i keep coughing and have a sore throat . 
  i 'm not sure if its an allergic reaction to the new vodka we were drinking or a cold spurred by my recent lack of sleep , so i excuse myself and head home . 
  this morning , i wake up feeling like shit . 
  i have work at 3 this afternoon , so i spend most of the morning drinking hot coffee and water , trying to feel better . 
  i finally pop a couple advil and decide its time to get ready for work . 
  as i 'm headed toward the shower , inspiration strikes . 
  i 'll let the shower run on full blast for a few minutes to steam that bitch up . 
  hopefully , that will help clear the garbage out of my head . 
  i turn on the shower and close up the bathroom , and head into my bedroom to attend to some other business . 
  as i 'm relaxing on my bed , i hear an ungodly crash from the bathroom , then a noise like something from mt. 
  olympus ' men 's room after poseidon himself decides to break the seal on his beer pee for the night . 
  i run in , stark naked , and what i find confounds me . 
  i 'm currently living in my parent 's house , as being a college student is expensive , and i like money . 
  my dear mom has hung two framed photographs from a trip to the georgia aquarium my family took when i was younger . 
  ( side note , i definitely recommend hanging a nice jellyfish picture above the toilet . 
  it 's so relaxing when you pee . ), 
  apparently , one of the nails had failed as a result of the wall being saturated with shower steam . 
  this caused the top photo to drop , hitting the bottom one and taking that down as well . 
  the photos then fell behind the toilet , shearing the intake valve off inside the wall , opening an unstoppable gusher of water . 
  the bathroom is rapidly flooding . 
  i have to think quick . 
  i try to kill the water at the source by closing the valve . 
  no dice . 
  i throw open the bathroom door , grab as many towels as i can , and try to stop the surge . 
  i quickly realize the only chance i have is to kill water for the whole house . 
  now , my parents ' house is two floors , with the whole house valve in the crawlspace , which can only be accessed from the outside . 
  i need to get from my second floor bathroom to that valve asap . 
  i 'm still naked . 
  as i 'm running i grab a pair of basketball shorts and pull them on as i 'm running down the stairs . 
  i grab the key to the crawlspace , open the door , and vault down the front steps . 
  here is where my fuck up multiplies . 
  my neighbors are trying to sell their house . 
  they were a nice couple , a couple of daughters around my age , always cordial and helpful in times of need . 
  they recently divorced , and with both daughters about to be out of the house for university , they decided to sell the house and move on . 
  as i 'm making the turn for the crawlspace , i realize my shorts are n't completely on . 
  as a matter of fact , my entire ass is showing . 
  i round the corner , pull up my pants and go for the crawl space . 
  i get the padlock off , dive in and switch off the valve . 
  i breathe a minor sigh of relief and start to go back inside to assess the damage . 
  as i round the front of my house , i realize my neighbor has a couple there house shopping . 
  now , i 'm no marketing major , but i 'm pretty sure i can tell you that you do n't want the centerpiece of your house showing to be your 6 foot 5 250 pound neighbor bursting out the front door showing his pale ass , yelling `` fuck fuck fuck fuck ! '', 
  as he runs through his yard . 
  i quickly duck inside to hide my shame . 
  i dry up the bathroom floor , and quickly realized water has seeped through to the kitchen ceiling directly below my bathroom . 
  i sit here typing this as the plummer goes digging through the wall to fix the pipe . 
  my head is still full of shit and i am still unshowered . 
  ** tl ; dr ** picture frame floods bathroom , i moon potential new neighbors, 
  my tent flooded last night , i 'm short on food , and the weather is fucking shit ... 
  * but holy goddamn is this fun * this is my first international trip , solo , camping , and my god is it an adventure . 
  being laughed at by nesting seabirds while you roll up your tent at 5 am in the wind and rain really makes you appreciate hot showers and dry clothes . 
  oh , and a nice czech girl shared her coffee with me , 
  i just got back from iceland , and i 've already checked a few local craft beer places that do n't carry it . 
  anyone had it here/know where to buy it ? 
  hello !, 
  i checked the wiki and could n't find anything there , so i thought i would ask here . 
  over my christmas break i am looking to fly on a multi city itinerary i found on google flights . 
  what i am looking at is a flight on icelandair from dulles to london gatwick , return gatwick to keflavik , iceland . 
  at that point , i would have a two day layover in iceland , and then fly back into boston , where i have a layover of a couple of hours , and then hop a plane with jetblue back to raleigh . 
  on the google flights page , they are quoting me $ 895 . 
  when i click the link to book through icelandair , the icelandair website wants to book me a roundtrip ticket to and from washington with no stopover in reykjavik , and its over $ 1k . 
  any ideas what is going on , and how to i get my good deal that google found ? 
  conventional wisdom would say 99 yards , but i 'm watching mnf and espn flashed a stat that bradford had 86 passing yards on the drive while the eagles were only on the falcons 40 . 
  since a qb could get `` double credit '' for the same yardage on a drive if they gain on a play , then on the next play , get moved back on a penalty , a player could theoretically gain more than 100 yards in a single drive . 
  are there records for this anywhere ? 
  what is the `` longest '' drive of all time ? 
  hello ,, 
  american red member here who missed the sale for the bournemouth game . 
  i am looking for either a ticket to that game , or the newcastle game . 
  also , if anyone would like to meet up for a pint before , this will be my first game at the emirates , and my traveling friends are not into football , so it would be cool to have someone to introduce me to the matchday experience . 
  thanks !, 
  hello ,, 
  so i 'm headed to paris next week , flying out of dulles in washington , with a quick connection in iceland along the way . 
  i 'm meeting up with some friends in london ( they are headed over tomorrow ) when i land , and then we are grabbing a second flight to paris . 
  my problem is that i misread my booking email and thought that i landed in gatwick at 8:15 . 
  i actually depart iceland for gatwick at 8:15 , and land at 11:15 . 
  i need to get to luton for the easyjet flight to paris , which leaves at 3:10 . 
  i 'm checking a bag on the flight from washington over to london , but will not be checking on the flight to paris , as i have a friend to hand the bag off to who is staying in london . 
  i need to make the trip by public transportation , so a car is out of the question here . 
  am i fucked ? 
  or is it possible to make the trip with enough time to clear security in luton and make my gate ? 
  i 'm at the point where i am going to start really building my downtown area , and would like to give it a bit more modern look with more vertical building versus the older . 
  lower slung look of the european high density buildings . 
  is there a way for me to build with the stock theme , or should i start looking for alternatives in the workshop ? 
  hi guys , so i 'm about a month into a gis class at my university . 
  the class is hosted online , and consists of esri training modules , online lectures , and interactive exercises .
