  they called in a bomb threat on the conspirators sentencing date, 
  do n't forget josh homme !, 
  lol i graduate college in 5 weeks, 
  this actually sounds interesting, 
  i mean , north carolina has three of the top universities in the country , and is one of the biggest banking centers outside of nyc . 
  that 's a lot of brain and economic drain, 
  hey , is your open position more mid range , or could it be something entry level ? 
  i 'm graduating in december and currently on the hunt for a job . 
  this sounds really interesting actually, 
  re satellite - if it 's in orbit , it 's not going to hang stationary in the sky , and anything in geosynchronous orbit should be at too great an altitude to be observed from the ground with a naked eye, 
  arsenal has more depth this season than in years past . 
  in the last month giroud , ramsey , lucas , nacho , iwobi , cazorla , and coquelin have all lost games to injury , and xhaka served a 3 match ban , yet we have won 5 of our last 7 . 
  granted it 's smaller clubs we 've been playing , but the annual injury crisis and losses to smaller clubs have been what killed the arsenal title challenge each season, 
  uhhhh did steve smith just push that guy into the interception ? 
  would a `` supporters section '' be cheaper ? 
  i know my local club discounts the seats behind the goal a bit compared to other lower level sections, 
  throughout my civics and american history courses , one repeated theme i heard is that you put the dumbest guy in the administration as the vice president, 
  is everyone freaking out , or was it just a bump in the road ? 
  if that happened here , everyone would flip out, 
  clinton actually won the popular vote , she just lost the electoral college . 
  it 's not the first time this has happened, 
  i love that man, 
  bedoya for bradley pls, 
  i see you go to the jim harbaugh school of soccer coaching, 
  could be a loan to buy to circumvent ffp, 
  lol whatever chichatito, 
  ayyyy lmao not even mad about bradley now, 
  yo anyone got salsa for all this chippyness, 
  do n't live in manhattan/the bay area ... 
  [ talk to these guys ] ( https://studentlegal.dasa.ncsu.edu/our-service/ ), 
  and stop being a dumbass, 
  dragons are an argonian hoax !, 
  fuck jeff fisher, 
  1 ass = 2 feet, 
  stolen every candlestick in skyrim, 
  he trademarked ac carolina recently as well, 
  if the rumors that a women 's team and rugby team are to follow i think it 's pretty sweet . 
  and it would make us one of the only american clubs to properly use `` european '' naming, 
  of anaheim, 
  i do n't think we are big enough yet for an mls team , and raleigh historically does n't really support charlotte teams except the panthers, 
  alexis to inter confirmed, 
  maybe . 
  rtp is growing crazy fast , and if we got a bigger sss closer to downtown i could see it , especially if mls eventually went pro/rel . 
  i do n't think we could get into the current set of expansion , but maybe next go around, 
  hopefully we 'll get some sweet 3rd kits, 
  ac carolina, 
  but then he would miss the game, 
  7 in mine, 
  i would be 100 % ok with this, 
  so let fabjo , cameron , and guzan be the experienced leaders . 
  they can contribute on the pitch and still keep the young guys in check . 
  with jones and bradley on the field , its basically playing with 10 men, 
  the [ wikipedia entry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/efl_trophy?wprov=sfla1 ) currently lists the u-21 teams as `` unwelcome '', 
  my boss gave me oneida flatware as a christmas gift, 
  4chan too, 
  it made keuchly cry, 
  star lord man , come on, 
  and that 's the second time i 've seen something about brian eno in the 24 hours since i 've learned of his existence, 
  damn alexis is wrapped up good, 
  lay off the skyr m8, 
  thank you , he got shoved in the back and nothing, 
  iwobi and xhaka now please, 
  kek, 
  lol what an ugly awesome game, 
  we really were lacking in attacking threat . 
  losing bellerin on the right and cazorla in the middle hurts us pretty bad . 
  ramsey looked dire , nacho was solid , and i think giroud earned himself a start up top . 
  overall , i 'll take the point . 
  uhhh big difference between united at old trafford and bournemouth . 
  you 're delusional if you think today was a bad result, 
  coach o out coached himself on 4th down there . 
  run a damn qb sneak not some cutesy pitch shit, 
  so ... raleigh buddy ... 
  i have beer if you want to hang out, 
  if there is no doner available , mcdonalds is my go to drunk food, 
  holy shit the promised land, 
  good . 
  the bankers , capitalists and executives will drown, 
  ** fuck marcell frazier **, 
  y' all motherfuckers need kickers, 
  ben mcadoo looks like someone 's uncle with the deluxe playboy tv subscription, 
  mcadoo 's garage consists of nothing but chevy el caminos, 
  what the fuck is going on with the kickers, 
  stafford gets his head knocked off and still calls the timeout, 
  lol micguywasted.gif, 
  exactly , for every late sunday morning chelsea/city/arsenal game on nbcsn , there is a 7:30 am sunderland/west brom/boro match on . 
  pl will never see viewership on the levels of the nfl just because over half the country is still in bed , and the demographic that makes up most soccer fans in this country is probably not going to wake up unless their team is playing, 
  even with atlanta joining , my closest mls team is still over 5 hours away :(, 
  haha i was at that game !, 
  i agree , although either charlotte independence or the railhawks ( or whatever we are rebranding to ) might get mls if it goes to 32 teams, 
  he could be referring to amazon 's policy to plug their profit right back into the company for infrastructure expansion . 
  that 's how they 've been able to branch out so far so fast, 
  yeah that 's pretty much standard operating procedure for concacaf games . 
  they should just be happy there were no pee bags, 
  move over hillary , the quahog mayor election is about the be the most scandalous in the country, 
  the walking dead is pretty shit tbh, 
  lol wtf is going on, 
  we lose so much going forward without bellerin, 
  no offense to jenkinson but you really do n't have to respect the ride side going forward right now . 
  its strangling alexis and iwobi is n't getting space,
