  alright alright alright alright, 
  do not let this trailer distract you from the fact that mace windu blew a 3-1 lead, 
  cue training montage set to harder faster better stronger, 
  in my entirely unbiased opinion judge will win roty and go on to be the goat at right fielder , while benintendi will flame out and be selling hotdogs at pawtucket red sox games in the future, 
  lecharity, 
  driving to ncsu i would get passed on 440 if i was n't doing 70 most days, 
  you forget growth . 
  other than nashville , we are absolutely smoking the rest of the country in growth rate, 
  i 'll be 32 ... swiggity swooty coming for that future wife booty, 
  scaremongering like this is why environmentalists are branded a fringe group . 
  and this is coming from someone with an environmental science degree who works in the solar industry . 
  im not disagreeing . 
  activists approach the problem the wrong way . 
  we need less blatant alarmism and more productive , profitable decision making for potential solutions to the problem, 
  he worked at the brown derby ? 
  * medium rare cookies, 
  for whatever reason the soft baked cookies activate the addiction centers of my brain . 
  i literally can not have them in the house, 
  newcastle need cover for yedlin ? 
  i thought he was getting fairly regular starts, 
  nope newcastle bought him outright, 
  doritos, 
  also i 'm super fucked up from brewgaloo, 
  how has hector got an even more shite haircut, 
  what a fucking miss, 
  this was n't ncsu was it ? 
  edit : also , how are you liking trump 's winning streak ? 
  glenwood south , or alternatively fayetteville street, 
  yeah , you get the college/frat bro crowd there, 
  reddit loves to wallow in self-pity, 
  seconded, 
  any chance of getting one without being a season ticket holder ? 
  i would love to come over from the states , it 's a holiday weekend that weekend, 
  did you know he 's a rocket scientist ? 
  collective pine tree orgasm custom homes, 
  + / u/user _ simulator tggadcox, 
  it makes sense too , spider man graduation . 
  graduates high school , graduates to being a full fledged avenger, 
  i mean that 's true for some places . 
  i was at a brewers game a few years back and they opened and closed the roof three times during the game, 
  + / u/user _ simulator tggadcox, 
  hmm , good idea , let me try that and report back, 
  haha the guy complaining that it was entirely ridiculous for isaiah thomas to win mvp, 
  not anymore . 
  nike bought them to get the england shirt deal , then sold them off again, 
  this seemed to be the most effective approach . 
  still doing some manual work , but so far things are working . 
  thanks !, 
  solution verified, 
  it 's time for a new phone . 
  looking seriously at the pixel , cost per month financed is negligible between the limited stock of the 5 '' vs the xl in the google store , so the xl is the leading candidate . 
  i 'm also looking into the lg v20 , i like the removable battery , and t-mobile is running a deal where you can get it for under $ 500 through them . 
  any other suggestions for a replacement ? 
  i 'm coming from a gen 1 moto x , priorities are mainly battery life and the ability to take good pictures . 
  i like the specs of the pixel especially , but i can be flexible for a sub $ 500 phone as long as it is pretty good . 
  i 've watched a lot of sec football and personally i think he 's going to bust, 
  m e t a, 
  his mom 's name is marthaaaaa, 
  they should have replaced ben franklin 's head on the statue with goodell, 
  a meme is born, 
  having consumed hotdogs in a drunken state in both countries recently , icelands are better, 
  wait what, 
  idk it gets pretty toasty in the summer, 
  nothing like a first round draft wank, 
  booooooooo should have gone corner or safety and signed barnidge, 
  if our secondary is as shambolic as it has been , we are going to be throwing a lot . 
  which suits barnidge, 
  we 're about to be colin cowherd 's favorite team, 
  i feel like we have tried to be way too cute this draft . 
  not overly happy with our picks, 
  i get that going to a p5 school is n't indicative of nfl success , but at the same time there is a reason these guys went to those schools , and there is a reason guys go to g6 and fcs schools . 
  i think snead thinks he 's smarter than he really is, 
  i 'm not saying he 's a bad player , i just think fb is n't what we need right now, 
  they 've got arrows !, 
  tasty 8s is ass, 
  wenger out, 
  fire wenger , fire bould , sell ramsey , sell gabriel , buy a new left back , and bring in a competent manager, 
  he 's so shit, 
  hopefully, 
  fuck you ramsey, 
  i think not having european competition will actually benefit us like it has chelsea this season, 
  dude bruce willis is the preeminent authority on astroid drilling . 
  this is serious business !, 
  if you needed to estimate the mass of the canoe , could you give us a neighborhood ? 
  thanks for clarifying something for me, 
  best view and the promenade is free !, 
  my parents bought a 2000 square foot house on a half acre in one of the fastest growing cities in the us for $ 230k in the late 90s . 
  same house today would cost me over $ 350k . 
  the market is crazy right now, 
  lol i was up there last summer . 
  seemed like a cool place to live until i saw rent and property values, 
  this ca n't be real, 
  no , what is outlandish is that wages have not grown nearly equal to inflation , so we have less buying power compared to 20 years ago, 
  ayyyy mine too, 
  in fairness to trump , not that i like him at all , there are certain neighborhoods on the south side i would absolutely not go to . 
  englewood , fuller park , east st. louis , and a good chunk of camden are all up there with some of the most dangerous places in the world, 
  of course , he 's not one for much precision in words lol, 
  can confirm . 
  those first few big boy job checks with minimal living expenses give you a nice little nest egg to get started with, 
  no , i would rather no europe .
