  shoot, 
  well bellerin is hurt and debuchy has been in stasis for a year ... 
  ref is a cunt, 
  we 're 3 points of first ffs and still very much in the running to win our champions league group, 
  we 're also 17 league games unbeaten, 
  xhaka for coq , theo for iwobi, 
  lmao conmeboled, 
  if you 're good enough to play against future professionals , you 're good enough to stop future professionals !, 
  your nose ring is, 
  one literally chased my down on the lawn at talley tuesday, 
  only complaint with this assessment , nuclear is n't renewable, 
  i just saw some headline on the front page that millennials are watching less sports , and the ones that are are watching soccer . 
  personally i have trouble watching an actual nfl game without redzone because i 've been so used to no commercials with soccer . 
  i think the commercialization of the nfl might lead to its downfall, 
  coaches in first two games, 
  goff : fisher, 
  wentz : not fisher, 
  that 's not rule 34, 
  uhhhh what planet do you live on, 
  holy . 
  shit . 
  how have i never heard this before, 
  gaaaaayyyyy !, 
  oh hey the refs throwing the game for the packers , what a surprise, 
  as a rams and canes fan thanks guys i feel fucking guilty now, 
  for once an american team can properly use united as a club name, 
  rumor is ac carolina . 
  personally i would love a raleigh name , we do n't have any `` raleigh '' teams , just the state unis and the hurricanes, 
  hahaha i 've been a rams fan since i was born in 93 . 
  i know how this team works, 
  7:30 am arsenal game ? 
  8:30 am biology lab ? 
  kill meeeee, 
  can we reshoot the movie please, 
  raleigh ? 
  did he just leak the rebrand announcement ? 
  dude said thermodynamics were not important in my 101 class -_-, 
  he 's been all over ig after the plane disaster . 
  hopefully he plays hard and well, 
  is this the first time holding and gabby have played together ? 
  could be the cb pairing of the future there, 
  holy shit the way it lays there with it 's legs up . 
  idk why but im cracking up, 
  lucas has literally played like 3 matches in the three months he 's been here , which he has been injured lmao . 
  you know nothing, 
  why does she look like gollum, 
  for sure , but the way he phrased it they are n't really relevant to the scientific community overall anymore, 
  i 'm a student who also works for ups . 
  i fucking hate december . 
  this was a mistake . 
  raleigh is quickly approaching trophy branded saturation , methinks, 
  i do n't see why they do n't do pizza here . 
  that 's the big draw at their little location , not the beer as much , and its do damn hard to get a table there that they limit their customer base, 
  man u putting their liverpool memes away as we speak, 
  do not let this bottle distract you from the fact that liverpool blew a 3-1 lead, 
  thank you cesc, 
  m8 i have my phd in bottling sciences, 
  arsenal always finishing ahead of spurs, 
  do you like turducken ? 
  ncfc sucks ass, 
  go home mate lol, 
  as a matter of fact the entire value of a fiat currency is it 's perceived value, 
  bournemouth at millwall , i fear for jack 's ankles : /, 
  fernando use the mic lol, 
  not that i know of, 
  i think just the expansion bid granted in 12-18 months, 
  eh , ncfc rolls off the tongue alright, 
  have you ever seen the north carolina flag, 
  the colors are based off the state flag, 
  part of the announcement involved the construction of a new stadium , potentially downtown, 
  i like oaks , ncfc , and of course los railhawks, 
  seconded, 
  got any inside knowledge of the stadium plans or kits ? 
  lol, 
  in the eternal worlds of nba jam :, 
  ** he 's on fire !, 
  wakemed is city owned and taxpayer funded already , so it would n't be that big of a change . 
  dtr is growing , but if it is going to meet charlotte/atlanta quality in the next 50 years an athletic facility with a top level team is going to be needed . 
  malik is committed to both mls and keeping the club in raleigh , so its a good fit imo, 
  hello light rail stop !, 
  make the railhawks rail again !, 
  california should have a legitimate cup competition in preseason after sf and potentially sd join up . 
  you could get 8 clubs in the top 2 levels of the pyramid with the las , san diego , republic , deltas , orange county , san jose , and maybe guests from reno or cascadia a la libertadores, 
  is arsenovember like movember for your arse ? 
  football club, 
  i 'm guessing long term that 's the home of the nwsl team, 
  soccer passed hockey as the 4th most attended sport in the us this year ... 
  malik is local , and don garber deals in money and stadiums , not social issues . 
  if the ownership group ponies up the cash , mls will listen, 
  * sigh *, 
  my buddies wife made some pretty kickass turkey chili last night . 
  i did n't even know it was turkey until after i finished, 
  the colors and badge are based on the state flag ( north carolina fc ) and courage was an old women 's team that played at wakemed in the early 2000s , so they are just resurrecting the name, 
  as an american , the idea of this excites me , but he does not yet have the quality to play centrally for any club in the pl , he 's too small and easily bumped off the ball , and on the wings he would n't displace any of our current squad . 
  iwobi is just as good if not better , with the extra pl experience . 
  pulisic needs another couple of years to develop , ideally with dortmund, 
  bayern it is, 
   drunk politicians, 
  son , i 've got something to tell you, 
  neither does yankee stadium,
