  orozco you stupid cunt, 
  fuck you ref, 
  fucking shit ref and orozco is a dipshit, 
  the fix is on !, 
  in an ideal world , a yellow is a yellow . 
  of course it is up to the discretion of the referee , and you will find some variations . 
  in my opinion , that was not a yellow at all . 
  i 'd bail her subprime debt out any day, 
  no one is safe, 
  he seems like a nice enough bloke, 
  what the fuck lol, 
  brazil, 
  brazil managing to fuck up every major international sporting event this summer, 
  ref is brazilian , rio olympics are a shitshow, 
  no diego costa for spain - no goals, 
  messi should be off, 
  he gives out shitty red cards, 
  no one did nothing, 
  i need to poooop, 
  messi looked like he got hit by a truck, 
  damn he broke the record and quit . 
  it all makes sense now, 
  `` entire argentine squad retires '', 
  with the rain this match has the potential to be an epic, 
  i realized i have been watching soccer for something like 8 hours a day during peak copa and euros this summer . 
  if i did n't have summer class i would be on the couch all day every day, 
  edit : oops wrong comment, 
  iirc spain actually had to get a one off third kit because both home and away were too similar to holland, 
  buffon, 
  apparently watch espn is behind, 
  fade the flairs, 
  [ demba ba did his damndest a few years back ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl6btwv6moe ), 
  [ whenever i hear that story i always imagine alexis as the dog after he gets caught ] ( http://newnation.sg/wp-content/uploads/oh-you-dog.jpg ), 
  the city i live in has 100,000 more people in it than the total population of iceland , and we are n't even the biggest city in north carolina, 
  not for long, 
  you did itttttt !!!, 
  it seems like a shitty situation all around . 
  ignorance ruled the day, 
  having been to both , it was culture shock, 
  that sounds kind of pleasant tbh, 
  poland 2-1 portugal, 
  germany 2-0 italy, 
  iceland 1-1 france ( iceland advances 4-3 on penalty kicks ), 
  wild card bitches, 
  as i told the guy who was going to riot after a copa game -, 
  do n't forget to drink gatorade, 
  this is really interesting to me . 
  when i was in london within two or three hours i felt like i fit right in . 
  i have n't had a chance to visit the other cities of england , so maybe i would stick out there . 
  on my way back from toronto two weeks ago i sat in traffic for almost two hours around dc , on a sunday . 
  i can only imagine it will be worse this weekend . 
  public transport is your friend, 
  for sure !, 
  i know some girls from stoke , the differences i can get from hearing them talking about home to my experiences are evident, 
  what if chamakh 's barber poaches him though, 
  i 'm 22 right now , i took my first international and solo trip after my sophomore year of college . 
  it was a life changing experience ( sorry for the clich\u00e9 ) that helped me develop as an individual as well as see some incredible stuff . 
  personally , i would recommend going solo , as this drives you to make friends , and you have total control over what you want to do . 
  it also gives you more flexibility with the ladies . 
  in terms of destination , if there are no restrictions on free tickets , fly around the world dude . 
  international flights are such a big part of any trip budget , you can go far and see a lot more than the average traveller , so i would suggest taking advantage of that . 
  edit : just noticed you would be u-18 at trip time . 
  my same advice applies , but you need to make sure you can get accommodation and transportation at your age, 
  in my city they have a onesie pub crawl . 
  imagine my surprise the first time i drunkenly round the corner late some saturday night and see hordes of onesied 20 somethings walking down the street led by a man with a megaphone, 
  til the style i approach university with is `` portuguese '', 
  if iceland go out i 'm rooting for portugal, 
  i have some friends in reykjavik , even their 50 something swedish mother who is in no way a sports person is following the whole tournament . 
  it 's absolutely mental, 
  excuse my ignorance but where is yerevan ? 
  i only know it as a city state from civ v, 
  because i 'm lazy ? 
  i took a design class ( somewhat accidentally ) last fall , and while the talent that goes into creating designs is pretty amazing sometimes , the way designers have to justify it is a total crock of bullshit, 
  dude we do n't really have state shields, 
  is that what the english call a mohawk ? 
  typically those who accept stereotypes as 100 % fact are the most ignorant of people, 
  hipsters, 
  go watch last of the mohicans . 
  now . 
  we got us a game, 
  other than the previous 4 they played in this competition it is, 
  it seems to me the belgians play too much as individuals . 
  not enough team cohesion, 
  fellaini looks like a proper wanker, 
  oh look another lukaku miss, 
  belgium you in trouble now, 
  the dankest timeline, 
  yellow card accumulation is a bullshit rule, 
  shit ref is shit, 
  or reset after the group stage and again after the quarters, 
  so is elite awareness to samoan guys as scrappy gym rat is to white guys ? 
  this is why they should have two wipes , one after the group stage , and one after the quarters . 
  that way you could still have it at 2 yellows , and people do n't get suspended for the final, 
  is there not a market for club sponsored ticket transfers though ? 
  i got arsenal tickets from a season ticket holder who was on holiday over christmas, 
  side note , that is absolutely insane . 
  i 've been taking an indoor cycling class and trying to hit 200 watts over a 20 minute period absolutely kicks my ass, 
  quadzilla, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polyethylene ), 
  arsenal is my first love , but i keep up with the goings on with the railhawks .
