  obligatory choo choo, 
  goooool never gets old amigo, 
  10 team ppr with 3 keeper slots, 
  guy dropped martavis bryant for cohen in the waiver pickups this week . 
  roethlisberger is my backup qb ( luck is keeper ) . 
  grabbed sterling shepard sunday and played him at flex . 
  should i drop shepard for bryant ? 
  currently at waiver 6 but we reset after each week so not a big deal if i burn it, 
  rams fan - kupp looks to be one of goff 's favorite targets - look for him to get lots of targets on 3rd downs when we need to pick up some yards . 
  do n't think he will get the big play a lot so he might be better suited for a ppr league , but with dj going down defenses might not respect the run against arizona, 
  benefit of playing in a league with 4 other ut fans meant i 've been aware of him for a couple weeks now, 
  do n't underestimate the value of not needing to fly in and out for a series, 
  i actually think the pit had declined lately , clyde cooper 's is fantastic though, 
  do n't forget crankarm !, 
  seriously this is right out of a monty python skit, 
  `` sir you 're standing here and breathing '', 
  `` no i 'm dead '', 
  should have been a yellow for the tackle on walcott, 
  is this legit ? 
  i 'm not a season ticket holder, 
  do n't shit where you eat, 
  gbo in trashcan we trust, 
  i mean it is already sort of the defacto global language, 
  have a wank first before you decide, 
  sad !, 
  glass her, 
  ah sorry mate . 
  lost power for a week last year with matthew up in nc , just so happened had my aunt , uncle , and their 4 kids aged 17 to 6 months in the house at the same time . 
  was very glad i had classes to go to and a library to hole up in, 
  supposedly jamarcus russell pre sizzurup could, 
  you must not watch the sec on cbs . 
  5 hour games with the same 5 commercials on repeat, 
  how does redzone impact this ? 
  i watch football almost all day on sundays but it 's only on redzone , and then over to the sunday night game, 
  well this is two inept football teams, 
  shoop sucks, 
  `` every snap of every play matters '', 
  should we tell butch ? 
  terrible fucking playcall, 
  boom goes the dynamite, 
  florida, 
  think we got ta beat the hell out of the florida defense with kelly in the second half, 
  damn son i know where i 'm going couch shopping, 
  honest to god it 's been night and day since he left, 
  cardinals are ass, 
  browns gon na browns, 
  scott hansen is a savage, 
  cardinals are still ass, 
  kelce being a dipshit as usual, 
  always like it when offensive linemen want to fuck up cheap shotting defenders, 
  you have horrible flair, 
  ohhh they have the shiny roof open, 
  uhhhhh that hombre had more eyeliner than derek carr, 
  i think peter griffin wrote that commercial, 
  lmao refs, 
  my sex junk does n't like vanilla, 
  if jack reaches his full potential after everything he 's been through he could be one of this club 's biggest heroes , i really believe it, 
  the horse 's ass strikes again, 
  can confirm , recently graduated prime whore, 
  yes please, 
  i assume you are currently enjoying the ludicrous display in atlanta, 
  anyone else see the guy making sweet love to his pizza in the supporters section, 
  diabeetus, 
  hello this is your mother speaking , we are currently cruising at an altitude of clean your fucking room, 
  glad i could make you laugh , 
  we really should leave tavon austin in the parking lot, 
  lol try 15, 
  lol that was n't a touchdown, 
  tuck the fucking ball, 
  end me, 
  that 's my boy, 
  you know , i take back all the shitting on the browns i 've done, 
  how fast is it, 
  niiiiiice msrp ? 
  greater toronto area ? 
  seriously op do this cfb is the closest atmosphere to european soccer we have, 
  funnily enough my grandmother 's family moved from edinburgh to australia back in the day, 
  drew bress is the store brand of drew brees, 
  kyrie that you ? 
  get back to work dennis, 
  i wonder how much the dod paid for that spot, 
  damn what kind of family are you in when being the main commentator on mnf arguably makes you the least successful sibling, 
  why ca n't you just leave it at your house and uber or get a friend to drop you off ? 
  hey r/chemistry !, 
  i am currently taking chemistry 101 at my university . 
  is there a really good periodic table resource online you guys like ? 
  i am happy to have found this subreddit . 
  i have been playing tekkit for about four days now , but today was the first day i have really messed with any of the new things in the mod , as i have spent most of my time previously just getting a house set up . 
  the first rig i built is very simple . 
  a generator powers a macerator , which is fed ores from a chest connected to by a wooden pipe . 
  the macerator then feeds the ore dust to another chest , again connected with a wooden pipe . 
  i got the whole thing up and running , powering the wooden pipes with redstone engines . 
  however , it seems that the wooden pipes feed the ores to fast for the macerator to handle . 
  i noticed that i could pick up ores if i walked near the macerator , but thought nothing of it , assuming that they would go in as soon as space opened up . 
  however , i lost a fair amount of gold and iron ore to what appears to be the normal decay effect for minecraft . 
  i think the ores were just laying out , not in a chest or the macerator , and the game got rid of them after a while . 
  is there anything i can do to avoid this problem in the future ? 
  ** tl ; dr ** wooden pipes move ores faster than macerator macerates . 
  stuff flies everywhere , i lose valuables to decay . 
  so i bought chivalry last night , and after playing through the tutorial , i went to jump right into a multiplayer game .
