  omar 4 striker, 
  i will always upvote the use of jackwagon, 
  they ded, 
  fuck trees, 
  this ref is dogshit, 
  damn that 's a good line, 
  that 's not fucking english, 
  `` action musical '' is the only kind of musical i 'll watch, 
  hmmmm this is five minutes from my house , i should go look at it, 
  ikr what a scrub, 
  dunno if this is too late , but they have a great ipa lineup , i find their other beers mediocre . 
  they sell cans at the brewery, 
  as long as pedro is ok this is funny af, 
  seriously i just started working a job that pays more than my best friend 's because i have a degree and he does n't , wanted to go out tonight and he said he could n't because he could n't afford it . 
  i was very surprised to feel resentful over that , and then pretty guilty, 
  yeah he 's pretty responsible with money , i was the internal asshole here, 
  i picked up some pizza last night and we hung , it was chill, 
  thx bby, 
  when a german keeper and a brazilian striker love each other very much ... 
  it 's like the hooligan avengers, 
  they 're stitched on again, 
  they do that in iceland , even with films that do n't have intermission, 
  i went to france with a coastal federal debit card last year , atm will work fine in cdg . 
  save the exchange fee and just pull out cash over there, 
  ehhhh between $ 2.50 and $ 5 if i recall correctly . 
  not a big deal in the grand scheme of international travel, 
  i think it was more of an out of network fee , not that it was international . 
  and even if i 'm getting screwed a $ 5 atm fee is not going to make me change banks - coastal is great, 
  it 's the pumps themselves , the amount of energy needed would be incredible . 
  water is heavy as fuck, 
  girls ruin everything, 
  we just need a catchy nickname . 
  tsf and ocs seem to go with blues , but that 's pretty terrible imo . 
  i personally prefer the oaks, 
  i agree . 
  if this is true i 'm not disappointed we missed on him because of that price, 
  ahhh the banter era, 
  i need $ 1 steamed buns in my life, 
  it was, 
  you obviously do n't understand sports culture here . 
  college basketball is king , everything else is secondary . 
  mls is looking for a fast growing area with lots of millennials and a privately funded stadium , which ncfc checks all the boxes on . 
  especially with many of the other bids failing to get their crap together , we are definitely in the top 5 or 6 of the 14, 
  bond brothers in cary has been getting into the sours game lately . 
  not my pint of beer personally but they might be worth checking out, 
  i hope it 's like the one near tech square in atl . 
  pretty small and compact but has everything you need, 
  upwards , and streetcars . 
  trust me , they are awesome, 
  i hope his balls are ok, 
  mls too, 
  wow i just looked it up , i love the facade on the stadium, 
  i enjoy the unpredictability of it , lower quality play does n't always equate to a lower quality product, 
  i 'm not sure where you are getting `` bottom third '' from . 
  a quick rundown of the bids -, 
  sacramento - pretty much a done deal , ready to start building the stadium as soon as the bid is accepted, 
  phoenix - in very good shape , robust ownership group with a plan to build with no public funding , but still need to raise funds . 
  great soccer market as well, 
  cincinnati - best support in the lower leagues , still no stadium plan and asking for public funding in stadium related tax increases . 
  probably 60/40 right now, 
  nashville - great public support , especially post preds run , but still no stadium site or funding secured . 
  also notable that they have n't played a game yet . 
  raleigh - existing club , largest youth setup in the united states , privately funded stadium plan put forth , in great location . 
  small market but full of mls target demographic , and birthplace of the modern women 's game . 
  tampa - existing club , with plan to rebuild current stadium using private funding . 
  in good shape but contingent on beckham fc not coming through in miami . 
  if miami happens , tampa is doa . 
  san antonio - interesting ownership group with plan to expand existing stadium , no financing plan in place . 
  small market , but good demographics . 
  runs risk of texas saturation with houston and dallas already established clubs . 
  indianapolis - great support , but public funding scheme stonewalled by legislature . 
  on life support, 
  detroit - good support , but having issues securing stadium location . 
  interesting swap deal pending involving cavs owner dan gilbert funding public courthouse and jail in exchange for land for stadium , but running into opposition from the county and city . 
  not a sexy market . 
  on life support, 
  san diego - can not find funding for stadium . 
  have had multiple plans fail , although backed by ownership group including landon donovan . 
  currently trying to delay mls decision until after ballot referendum on the soccercity project . 
  doa for first two expansion slots , and clinging to life support for the second two . 
  st. louis - fresh off the rams departure from the city , no public funding will be allowed for stadium construction . 
  charlotte - public funding stonewalled by city and county governments . 
  so i 'm not sure where you are getting the `` bottom third '' from . 
  it makes sense from a geography standpoint to put each bid in a different region of the country . 
  that would give sacramento the west , phoenix or san antonio the southwest , one of detroit , indy , or cincinnati the midwest , and one of nashville , raleigh , or tampa the southeast . 
  mls got burned by the state of florida in its infancy , so they are going to be cautions to overextend themselves again , so i really think it is between us and nashville right now especially if the miami team comes through , and given that we already have a club established with youth infrastructure and a stadium plan , if the city works out a deal with malik and finalizes a stadium deal contingent on getting an expansion bid , we have a really good shot of getting a team for the second set of slots . 
  these 4 slots are for teams 25-28 . 
  miami and lafc are teams 23 and 24 . 
  so there are 4 slots open, 
  london bridge is the stereotypical soccer bar and the liverpool bar in town , stag 's head is the arsenal bar along with bull mccabe 's in durham . 
  crank arm and fortnight have had affiliation with tsf in the past and still support them . 
  lonerider is affiliated with ocs but i do n't know if they show games . 
  i always want to spread soccer culture in raleigh , i think the community based support model has a really positive impact on the city a club is located in, 
  we all know it 's going to be called the wengerdome in the future, 
  i 've actually seen wwii reports from the front with better quality, 
   nick furry, 
  what are we some kind of dunkirk ? 
  some clubs ( juve comes to mind ) set up `` academies '' over here where they charge parents to give their kids coaching and clinics and stuff , but they have not produced any players to my knowledge . 
  it 's super shady, 
  `` overall we may stay at this hotel again '',
