  the english culture is just more inherently accessible to an american . 
  also , in my personal expierience at least , i see people all over wearing man u , city , chelsea , arsenal , liverpool and even the occasional everton or newcastle shirt . 
  the only bundesliga shirt you see on a semi regular basis is bayern . 
  nice try, 
  i wonder how that would go over today, 
  why ? 
  just time restrictions ? 
  ( east coaster . 
  unfamiliar with san diego geography ), 
  and , uh , that matter of showing up for usoc games, 
  ah , makes sense . 
  make sure your soldiers get dropped in the middle of the right combat zone . 
  thats why we had to get rid of him . 
  the bench was drowning in pussy at every game . 
  we just call out whatever foot the keeper has on the ground when he walks . 
  like `` left right left right left right '', 
  fuck it giroud is gon na score 30 this year, 
  wait , did i miss something in schindler 's list ? 
  i have always considered jerry seinfeld my role model, 
  dude , you are awesome, 
  united states of ~ ~ america ~ ~ jozy bitches, 
  have spurs been feeding him peds or something ? 
  eh , who needs defense, 
  i 've thought the same thing . 
  it used to drive me crazy when bradley was content to sit back and pass around for a long time . 
  i 'm loving klinsmann 's tactics of late . 
  sorry , can you speak up ? 
  you are talking too low . 
  god dammit . 
  i 'm beginning to appreciate that the only thing i have to worry about in the morning is morning wood ... 
  you mean yours did n't regenerate ? 
  dude . 
  mine 's laser guided, 
  it is an honor . 
  i had a feeling someone would turn up in this thread . 
  she was probably the only person who still owned a copy of that book haha, 
  sorry to be out of the blue , but i tagged you as having a potential spinal fluid leak in your head . 
  did you ever get that checked out ? 
  lol, 
  good to hear !, 
  i had no idea about the warehouse in hillsborough . 
  i can organize a heist if anyone is interested . 
  near app, 
  sigh, 
  was it painful ? 
  i feel like this would be incredibly satisfying to pull off, 
  this one was well done . 
  bravo, 
  just wierd to think while i 'm drinking my saturday morning coffee it is australian primetime . 
  i quite enjoyed it when y' all came down to carolina in 2006, 
  mls will surpass euro leagues when it gets a little more spread across the country . 
  right now a good chunk of the us has no mls club within a 3 hour drive . 
  once there are some clubs in the southeast ( looking like miami/orlando/atlanta ) and the league continues to get exposure , it will exponentially grow . 
  dude , it is a no brainer which empire you play every time in civ, 
  probably not . 
  but there is lots of cool stuff to do in pittsburgh , so i would reccomend making the trip for that . . 
  never trust a skinny cheese engineer !, 
  my town uses them because i am within ten miles of a nuclear power plant . 
  it can get pretty nervy when you forget that tuesday is test day . 
  it 's gon na happen, 
  wait until sabathia is about to go out , then nail pedroia or ortiz . 
  then win the game . 
  if the yanks do n't make it this year , i 'm pulling for the pirates . 
  would hate to see them lose out . 
  last year , my family put 6,500 miles on our van in a little over two weeks driving everywhere between north carolina and new mexico . 
  i drove exactly once . 
  in south dakota . 
  for 45 minutes . 
  is n't whole hog barbecue big in sc ? 
  i know in nc we do it occasionally , but here it is usually pulled . 
  was there for a day last month . 
  went to some random ass cuban restaurant in little havana . 
  being the only semi spanish speaker in my group was pretty fun . 
  best cuban food i 've ever had though . 
  i like smash 's sweet potato fries , but their burgers do n't compare, 
  i had a professor that did some work exposing voles to testosterone and estrogen in utero and observing their behaviors later in life . 
  basically she found that if a female vole was located in between two male siblings in her mother 's womb , she would exhibit more masculine qualities ( more aggressive , territorial etc ) when she was mature . 
  similarly , males located in between two female siblings in the womb would be more submissive and less aggressive than their brothers , and less inclined to fight with other males for a mate . 
  just to play devil 's advocate , could n't ~ ~ their ~ ~ there be methane pockets locked up in mars ' ice caps , and the sun causing a seasonal melt release them into the atmosphere ? 
  as an environmental science student , this is a major problem facing earth in the nearish future if we keep letting permafrost thaw out in the northern hemisphere . 
  edit : upon a little further googling , it looks like this is n't possible on mars at the latitudes where the ice caps are located because it never gets warm enough to melt ice . 
  so i 'm probably wrong , unless someone with more knowledge than me knows what they are talking about . 
  the problem still applies on earth , however . 
  it really depends on a ) what level you are playing on and b ) what position you are trying to play . 
  in the major leagues , you are going to be very specialized , but that is the case in most major professional sports . 
  that being said , your position also plays a big part in how specialized you are . 
  if you are a pitcher , you focus all your time on pitching ( it takes a ridiculous amount of practice/skill to make a baseball break twelve inches vertically at 70 miles per hour ) and very little on hitting . 
  that is why the pitcher is usually the worst hitter in a lineup . 
  in the american league they have designated hitters who actually hit in the lineup in place of the pitcher . 
  on the flipside , you have the infield and outfield players , who do n't have to specialize as much . 
  for example , it is pretty common to see a third baseman and shortstop ( the guy who plays the area in between second and third ) to be able to play interchangeably ( look up alex rodriguez . 
  when he came to the yankees he started playing third after being considered the best shortstop in the league ) where as a second baseman and first baseman are a little bit more specialized ( the first baseman is typically a bigger , stronger , less mobile player because first requires the least amount of range to cover , but it also allows the first baseman to be a bigger offensive threat ) and outfielders can pretty much play in all three positions ( typically your centerfielder is your fastest outfielder , but that can vary . ), 
  sorry to be long winded , baseball was my first love of sports, 
  edit : i forgot originally , there are always exceptions to the rule . 
  / u/jorlung described a utility player pretty well . 
  basically he will specialize in doing a little bit of everything ( except pitching ) and a team will frequently keep one around to cover for guys who get injured and are out a few days or need a rest day . 
  also , if you feel like it look up rick ankiel . 
  he was a pitcher that hurt his elbow ( this happens a lot to pitchers ) and was basically told he could n't pitch again . 
  he made a comeback as a rightfielder and became a solid power hitter for a few years . 
  god dammit .
