  well shit . 
  i guess i maybe am a good person after all, 
  lol wtf dalton, 
  i 'm an nc state student and i approved this message, 
  yup . 
  the areas in the district are fairly diverse . 
  morrisville has a large , suburban indian population , cary a lot of wealthy conservatives , although i believe some precincts there went to aiken , apex and holly springs are a lot of younger families and some blacks and latinos . 
  the area further west is mostly rural , typical `` southern '' people . 
  fayetteville has a lot of minorities , and military personnel from ft. bragg . 
  up towards high point is primarily black as well . 
  snape kills dumbledore, 
  pro tip : if you want to run through her okra patch , do n't wake her up from a nap, 
  ahhhhss to ahhhhss, 
  picked arsenal because of kronke , little did i know ... 
  many . 
  sex positions . 
  demolition derby, 
  1997 civic r type black hatchback right hand drive , sport exhaust . 
  or an orange jaguar f type, 
  whole food did a cake for me a few years ago ( not wedding ) . 
  scientific method at work people, 
  flash gordooooon, 
  no one likes you when you 're 23, 
  your amount of advertising disturbs me, 
  why the hell does the navy not put this stuff in their recruiting videos, 
  huh , that 's real close to me . 
  i 'll have to see if any of his other harvests end up in the nc farmers market, 
  damn this guys a bro, 
  he is one, 
  6 ' 4 '' here . 
  i would like a one miniature girl please, 
  classic patriots fan , eating bull genitals, 
  the crabs should have an outline of anthony castonzo from last night on the helmet, 
  is she hot though ? 
  i once visited a urologist named dr. weiner . 
  most likely, 
  `` are you fucking sorry '', 
  fitting response to / u/pregnant _ bill_cosby, 
  if you follow the nfl , you are well aware of the plight of the st. louis rams . 
  if not , the rams are a team that on paper should be successful . 
  young exciting defense , one of the best lines in football , several potential playmakers on offense , and a supposed franchise quarterback in sam bradford . 
  now the rams have had plenty of struggles in the last few years , despite the on paper excellent personnel , a lot having to do with bradford having severe knee injuries in consecutive seasons . 
  so , how does any of this relate to arsenal ? 
  mr kronke is the majority owner of arsenal as well as owner of the st. louis rams . 
  kronke is known as `` silent stan '' around st. louis for his tendency to not talk to media and stay out of town in general . 
  he likes to manage his real estate empire from his ranch in montana . 
  now , if you are familiar with american history , who lives in montana ? 
  ** indians ** . 
  my hypothesis is mr. kronke built his ranch on an indian burial ground , cursing both of his teams . 
  directed by notable indian director m. night shyamalan, 
  war eagle, 
  as someone who just started a fifa career managing portsmouth , arlo pls, 
  im actually a gooner , but portsmouth is hella fun to play with . 
  i 've got a soft spot for saints , with our transfer relationship and dueling grounds crews, 
  that 's kind of comforting to me . 
  your memories , or the electrical impulses that make them up , rejoining the environment after you die . 
  honestly , have running first qbs ever been overly successful ? 
  vick and rg3 had good seasons , but look at their body of work . 
  i thing guys like luck or rodgers will be the new prototype - the ability to run if needed but more of a tertiary role in their overall game . 
  i used to date a girl from cincy , she always ripped on cleveland, 
  plus , who can legitimately dislike people from wisconsin ? 
  kankwad sounds really good though, 
  lol hi officer !, 
  pocket passer , scrambler/keeping play alive , full on read option runner, 
  really though is wilson an elite qb ? 
  i think the era of the brady/peyton style passer is over . 
  thank you for the suggestion, 
  and when he did n't , his anger over his dysfunctional family will cause him to single handedly destroy chelsea, 
  how can our clubs be real if our chelsea 's are n't real, 
  i have a customer who was a er doctor , lawyer , and is now a pilot . 
  thought he was bullshitting but he has the evidence to support it . 
  fuck me im at work what 's happening, 
  i have t-mobile on an unlocked moto x. 
  fantastic service all over raleigh , fairly good along interstates . 
  i took it up into the mountains earlier this year , and no 4g in the back woods , but it worked reasonably well . 
  i would just make sure you get service provider in your house . 
  i sold my buddy on t-mobile and it turns out his whole house is a freaky dead zone , so i still hear about that . 
  rice, 
  ah yes , the greatest quarterback the university of tennessee has ever produced, 
  i 'm at work , and a blonde cokehead and middle aged lesbian from trinidad walk in and ask to touch my hair . 
  everyone knows our grounds crew of the year trophy is our finest silverware in club history, 
  til they never actually said x-wing, 
  sooooo , how does it wash off then, 
  player safety is of utmost concern to the league *, 
  * ^ ^ may ^ ^ vary ^ ^ if ^ ^ not ^ ^ an ^ ^ elite ^ ^ quarterback, 
  can confirm . 
  watched lebron win 7 championships on tnt while waiting for calls to be reviewed, 
  can second , if tom got donkey punched like that the game would be forfeited, 
  i hope you like pixels, 
  well op could always fall back on another classic ; kill the batman . 
  simply put , he has to establish himself as the top criminal in the nation 's most dangerous city , assembling a crew of mercenaries to kidnap the victims girlfriend and the victim , causing a chain of events leading to a final climactic showdown overlooking two ferries in the harbor rigged with explosives . 
  it 's the prank that gets international attention . 
  yes and no . 
  a vast majority of energy is actually generated using coal , not oil . 
  electricity generation is what we really need to focus on with renewables , transportation is a smaller wedge . 
  oil prices do n't impact coal electric at all . 
  exactly . 
  i 've read that a lot of the attraction to isis oil is the cheaper black market price they offer, 
  too soon, 
  i do n't see why they do n't just widen the hash marks .
