  i 'm in nc , so there are a lot of soccer people around the universities . 
  relevant username, 
  why the fuck am i happy panama scored, 
  i cheered , then i realized it was against us, 
  `` scared '', 
  no way . 
  you owe all of us a lifetime supply of tacos and tequila for this . 
  lol i do n't even know anymore, 
  us scored twice right at the end of the game bailing mexico 's asses out, 
  pretty sure we just secured some major soccer karma . 
  i 'm not sure if we are sorry or not, 
  yeah , but i could also see the us trying to lose the game or play content with the draw . 
  instead , they played the game the way it was meant to be played , always trying to win . 
  goood , gooooood . 
  let the murica flow through you, 
  i think the big winners today have to be iceland between iceman and their uefa success, 
  so italy plays like i approach writing papers, 
  op how the hell are you not dead . 
  nice save, 
  iceland vs. iceman 's us team wc final . 
  calling it now . 
  if it makes you feel better , holland have better kits, 
  same here . 
  something about rg3 especially . 
  light him up . 
  yall is actually incredible useful . 
  other languages like spanish have a `` yall '' built in ( ustedes ) so its only a natural evolution of english . 
  also great username for a georgian . 
  naturally i return to the thread on a negative turn, 
  hohohoho good one, 
  seriously ? 
  im american and cr7 strikes fear into me, 
  do n't forget the district, 
  all volcanos are girls ? 
  would the keto or girlfriend kill him ? 
  thanks for the clarification, 
  this thread has a nice beat, 
  yeah , everyone in this thread should stop being assholes, 
  bulls games are an awesome value . 
  plus seeing all the rays players come up over the past 6 or so years has been fun . 
  it gets nld nasty round these parts when those two play, 
  north london derby . 
  basically the tobacco road of north london soccer, 
  - sir alex ferguson, 
  sorry , been hanging around in / r/gunners a little too much i suppose, 
  chik-fil-a is a southern us thing . 
  you mean zlatan, 
  i dont have a huge problem with going to the air there , but dont have an empty goddamn backfield in that situation . 
  call playaction or something . 
  i think i need to try acid, 
  so a sword, 
  where in the us are you ? 
  if these posts are anything to go by , it sounds like my local nasl side has better , albiet smaller , atmosphere than the emirates, 
  oh , so you have probably seen a railhawks game too haha, 
  ahh , the lindbergh error, 
  are there a lot of spurs fans in boston ? 
  you are the second one ive seen post about this, 
  his suit looks sharp, 
  ups employee here . 
  can confirm fragile packages get mixed in with everything else . 
  rubberized asphalt ? 
  it is pretty sexy, 
  sopapillas taste like cinnamon sugar and honey got together and had a delicious delicious orgy of tasty goodness in your mouth . 
  what the hell . 
  pico cue is blasphemous, 
  im pretty sure he has mild asbergers . 
  on phone , ca n't find a source unfortunately, 
  you never take dares , do you, 
  do it . 
  like just once or twice a day though, 
  i would n't throw the word hard around casually in this thread, 
  if someone gave me a komodo dragon i would be pretty accommodating to whatever they needed, 
  as a guy who got called into work yesterday because my coworkers bmw crapped out , im asking the same question, 
  just a heads up , the for life boots are made in east asia , but you get free repairs , so . 
  i 'm guessing you meant to put west coast in your title ? 
  i think you just invented capitalism, 
   yeah , i did n't have a lot of time . 
   i 'll do better tomorrow . 
  - adam smith , grade 7, 
  hey man , just leave him alone already, 
  is this right on their website ? 
  on mobile atm , would like to know more, 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the link . 
  just offhand , do you know if the nexus 5 for sprint has an sim card slot ? 
  i know their network doesnt use them , but i am interested in doing sprints student plan this year with a new nexus then jumping ship to tmobile . 
  living up to your username nicely, 
  how come i never get this response, 
  dude , you really should think about upgrading to lcd, 
  rip 3_exclamation_marks, 
  cutcliffe sec sleeper agent activated, 
  just sniff their ass, 
  as a north carolinian , i wan na hear some drunk logic here, 
  i think everyone * whooshed * on the paul walker joke here, 
  i thought it was clever, 
  mind telling me the place ? 
  i really fucking love chipotle , would love to see if there is something better, 
  i 'll put this next to tom horton 's on the list of canadian restaurants to try, 
  ups employee here . 
  package dropoffs are ultimately at the discretion of each individual driver .
