  if you live in a sketchy area , the driver will probably try for a signature even if the label specifically says none required . 
  if not , the driver more than likely will just leave it . 
  please do n't try what op said . 
  we put up with enough shit already, 
  do a 10 hour shift at christmas time and come back to me, 
  ups employee fresh off an 11 hour shift here . 
  awwww yiss, 
  if i have to scan one more shitty fedex label, 
  nothing personal . 
  they just look less official to me . 
  like , i could put a fedex label together in word really quickly . 
  your drivers are bros though, 
  but how will i watch ghetto fights then ? 
  circle button, 
  please tell me your religion was called bacchanalia, 
  if you follow english football , arsenal is owned by stan kronke , who also owns the rams , and manchester united is owned by the glazers , who also own tampa bay . 
  the browns used to be owned by randy lerner , who currently owns aston villa . 
  i know i got into soccer by way of ownership connection . 
  ups guy here . 
  were you given a tracking number ? 
  that 's a postal service number . 
  try it on usps.com, 
  interesting ... my buddy actually ran into the same problem and asked me about it today haha . 
  i think gamestop as fucked something up, 
  hey now , the yankees and red sox are n't * that * good, 
  as montezuma recently learned in my civ game, 
  woodrow was really one of our better presidents . 
  he gets overlooked a lot , but he did a hell of a lot for the country, 
  this isnt what everyone does ? 
  ironically you just named manufacturers from their three biggest enemies . 
  spot on with the messi/ronaldo comparison , but it would be like them leaving sunderland after growing up and supporting them their entire lives . 
  he might get antiquing-pie sex . 
  which would n't be the worst thing, 
  ** [ intensity intensifies ] **, 
  send photo, 
  if you are ok working in morrisville , check out the ups store there . 
  pm me for more info . 
  my boss is expanding and looking to hire . 
  the ups experience will look good as well . 
  i second the anti-cary sentiment . 
  kinda old , very stuffy , very expensive . 
  apex is a great option , great schools and less taxes and cheaper in general than cary . 
  also , us 1 is very accessible from town , so raleigh is only about 20 minutes away in above average traffic . 
  really ? 
  it was n't on my test , but i parallel park on a regular basis around school, 
  awesome . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i 'm pretty sure this and the fact that this is appearing in a super bowl commercial tomorrow , so they were saving it to maximize hype, 
  does n't matter , still had sex with a 13 year old, 
  this is at 1776 points please advise on how to proceed, 
  if we wore our alternates and you wore your aways we could have a purple vs purple game, 
  westeros, 
  dude stick in concacaf and pick the obvious choice ... belize, 
  yeah i 'm a guy and wear a 13, 
  got ta be prepared for the day you get picked up off the emergency waiver wire right before the super bowl yo, 
  that made me feel a little better about yesterday, 
  op totally blew it, 
  did n't expect to find something this intense tonight, 
  my favorite beer is free beer, 
  raleigh fun fact !, 
  fred 's beds has been linked to cocaine dealers in the past !, 
  it 's never too early for beer, 
  he has been banging some model on the side, 
  basically from now till may is a run of tough fixtures for us, 
  i can confirm this . 
  i was rear ended last year , the results looked similar to this . 
  i was really sore for a couple days after . 
  hard knocks laser tag off capital blvd gives you free games all day, 
  dark ages 2 : electric boogaloo, 
  you can be our canary bros, 
  as an american who kinda likes the idea of london ... why have n't you guys changed anything for a couple hundred years ? 
  i mean other than the puritans heading to massachusetts bay , a lot of the colonies were established with social mobility and a better life in mind . 
  my dad works with a romanian . 
  says he is one of the hardest working people he knows . 
  you guys seem cool, 
  no i realize that the ideals of some are definitely not a part of american history to a large extent but come on . 
  you are n't gon na convince thousands of people to drop everything in their lives and ship out across an ocean to settle in a land totally different than their own without selling it to them . 
  and for the most part it worked . 
  the cotton and tobacco barons got rich off the labor their sales pitch brought in from overseas and there was and is , despite what they hyper cynical reddit hivemind says , some social mobility . 
  i know the issue is way more complex than is able to be covered in a reddit comment , but if you have \u2248 300 years to adapt to an evolving `` marketplace '' of locations where people want to live , you would think britain/the uk would find a way to adapt their economy to make it more attractive to citizens and potential immigrants . 
  dude you do know why you have headaches right, 
  and thus the great somalian famine of 1993 was ended, 
  they work with honey too, 
  if this had just a little more detail , this could be reddit hall of fame material, 
  yeah , definitely kind of refreshing to have the tables turned a little bit, 
  if you prefer qdoba over chipotle you are obviously calibrated wrong, 
  do n't screw on burial grounds , however, 
  best i can do is 3.50, 
  ups here . 
  fucking amazon . 
  as a kid i had tubes in my ears for chronic ear infections . 
  the holes in my eardrums never healed so now i can breath out of my right ear, 
  he plays ying to bill belechick 's yang, 
  i do n't think its a joke lol, 
  kobe is pretty op, 
  merlin olsen was one of the greatest defensive linemen in nfl history . 
  played for the los angeles rams . 
  [ not in the 60s and 70s ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_los_angeles_rams ), 
  matchup of the millennium, 
  time for a victory poop,
