  i mean russia and slovakia are better than argentina am i right ? 
  i defend the premier league as the best league in the world on a regular basis , but the amount of english hate for americans on a regular basis astounds me . 
  england have literally done fuck all on the international stage for years , yet england fans think they are special, 
  i 'm so happy my nickname for him is spreading, 
  honestly getting to the semis is a good result for the us , if we can win 3rd it is an excellent excellent result for us, 
  you 're a pretty shit troll, 
  i put two of the three goals on guzan . 
  first should have been punched out , and the last should have been controlled initially . 
  the messi goal was world class, 
  jesus i hope his neck is ok, 
  wtf brooks, 
  lots of raw potential , needs to develop though, 
  dude tracks back like no ones business, 
  that was spursy, 
  thank you . 
  so much overreaction in this thread . 
  argentina are really fucking good, 
  mls needs to adopt the eredivise model , jumping off point for young talents , and retirement league for internationals . 
  mls will never have the resources or following to compete with premier league la liga or bundesliga , so they need to stop trying to be a top league . 
  once our players challenge themselves in europe , the team will make the next big leap . 
  at least we did n't lose by 7, 
  the closest mls team to me is 400 miles away and does n't exist yet, 
  this is what people do n't understand . 
  clinton is going to take ny and california . 
  she is basically half way there already , without winning any other states, 
  thank you . 
  there has been some major kneejerk reactions in this thread . 
  argentina are the best team in the world , and we had our b + team last night . 
  just getting this far is an accomplishment for the us, 
  seriously though , i think he 's an alien, 
  seeing how a lot of big soccer clubs have basketball teams and our c team regularly wipes the floor at fiba and the olympics, 
  bandwagon fans in general are shitty , support your team no matter what ( looking at you golden state warriors ), 
  usually it 's more like a pint of coffee, 
  you obviously misunderstood my comment . 
  i was directly referring to the electoral college . 
  the point i make is that clinton is halfway to winning with just two states . 
  yes trump may dominate in the rural conservative areas , but victories in places like alabama kansas or montana are not enough to offset clinton 's inherent advantage . 
  if clinton wins either florida or ohio , which she most likely will , the election is as good as over , just based on simple math . 
  pollsters do not factor in where their sample is located , so polls come out saying that trump is leading , but do not factor in the location of respondents . 
  beyond that though , people seem to way overestimate the power of the president . 
  even if trump gets elected , it is n't going to be some world ending cataclysm like everyone predicts . 
  \u00cd is pronounced `` ee '', 
  do n't do it man hungary is chasing turkey but turkey hangs out with greece too much for hungary to do anything, 
  did austria 's manager just tell the ref to suck his dick ? 
  iceland take my energy, 
  stop eating n1 hotdogs :(, 
  which is funny , iceland is the world 's largest per capita consumer of coke, 
  i dream of the crispy onions, 
  maybe, 
  dude get checked out for cte symptoms, 
  yeeeesssssss go vikings, 
  fuck you ronaldo, 
  habibi hotdogs and brennev\u00cdn for everyone, 
  congrats on the win bro, 
  my man, 
  i 'm highly impressed if you can chug skyr, 
  kevin love is icelandic ? 
  saw them in the rain at an amphitheatre . 
  it was incredible, 
  i picked a hell of a time to switch over from the sweden game, 
  sounds sexy, 
  hahahaha, 
  did you know antonio gates used to play basketball ? 
  that really tripped me up going from iceland to the uk . 
  i thought you guys had a tourism pipeline going for a minute, 
  i bothered my bristolian girlfriend until she went and voted . 
  hopefully you guys do your job and we will keep the nuclear codes out of trump 's hands, 
  i know -_-, 
  i think sanders has his heart in the right place , but i do n't know what the plan is to finance them . 
  honestly i wish we changed our system to follow the multi party system you guys have, 
  cheers mate . 
  i 'll drink some irn bru if you stay, 
  too much to choose from . 
  you get in the zone and you ca n't be bothered by unimportant things like the democratic process, 
  the fact that you have parties like ukip or snp who actually hold seats though . 
  really , i wish we did n't have any parties . 
  george washington was right, 
  any insight on the pink shark tie ? 
  well he 's remain for sure then, 
  we need to ditch the electoral college . 
  this direct voting makes things much more exciting, 
  that 's a bold statement for someone who needed us to fight off germany twice, 
  have you ever actually left the uk ? 
  wait if you 're pissing red and bleeding white you need a doctor, 
  holy fuck, 
  lets gooooooo, 
  that 's ramsey though . 
  one minute he is the welsh jesus , the next welsh judas . 
  i love the man but he can be so frustrating to watch at arsenal, 
  well that was fucking shit, 
  it 's not dinner time yet, 
  copa  euros, 
  does the pope shit in the woods ? 
  i was wondering about that , as well as the guy in the portugal crowd with the headdress, 
  shoot the fucking ball, 
  shoooooot, 
  croatia giving me blue balls, 
  holy christ something happened, 
  vida on suicide watch, 
  what a shit game,
