  hey what part of india are you from ? 
  i was tentatively looking at flying into delhi and doing an overland trip into nepal, 
  what was that anthem, 
  anyone who gives the window under a 5 is completely delusional . 
  the only sale i had issue with is scezney but overall we did well . 
  i gave it a 5 , if we had signed one of lemar/mahrez would have been a 7 , getting a rabiot/seri would have been an 8 . 
  the two acquisitions we made were excellent and improved the squad at their positions . 
  bring jack on as a sub if we are up a couple goals, 
  i feel like you should quit your job if you have n't been paid in 4 months, 
  for you, 
  in skyrim if you go with ralof after the attack in helgen , when you get to the bear you can sneak at backstab him indefinitely , which jacks your level way up, 
  damn dude , respect for putting your employees ' well being ahead of your own like that . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what country are you in where the government just does n't pay you for your work ? 
  ut fan , kamara is special , you guys got a good one, 
  inb4 osama ^ i 'm ^ going ^ to ^ hell, 
  ayyy i drove through carthage a lot on my way to do research in uwharrie during college, 
  raleigh , durham , chapel hill , and more specifically the imaginary triangle between ncsu , unc , and duke . 
  but it refers to the whole region, 
  he still plays basketball at the lifetime fitness in cary sometimes , it 's not like he 's dead, 
  i fucking hate wilmington . 
  nothing but sunburn parking tickets and broken hearts, 
  good bot, 
  bro winston is a hole . 
  i do n't like charlotte either . 
  raleigh and durham are up and coming , but you have to put some effort into doing stuff with both towns, 
  what part ? 
  been spending about three or four days a month in atl for my job, 
  nice !, 
  my office is in midtown . 
  maybe we have unknowingly crossed paths lol, 
  flawless, 
  you know those sunflowers are sprayed with sewage as fertilizer right, 
  underage friend and i made trip from the the us to toronto . 
  second day in he goes out and gets alcohol poisoning at a party , and gets picked up by the police after passing out on our airbnb 's stoop and pissing himself . 
  next morning he realizes he spent $ 850 on booze in one night and all his cards are frozen . 
  we cut the trip short and go home because he is throwing up blood from drinking too much . 
  he takes after his gushing granny i see, 
  fan of both ama, 
  tbd . 
  totally dependant on if goff develops beyond what he showed last season, 
  shhhh he 's my sleeper, 
  send liquor, 
  see above, 
  north carolina lol, 
  nowhere is safe, 
  ayyy raleigh represent . 
  thanks !, 
  we have the best of the mountains and the ocean, 
  there 's a few of us around . 
  the local chapters of arsenal america get 50-75 at their match parties , so it 's decent i would say . 
  definitely see more barca/psg/chelski shirts on the kids , which is surprising . 
  the local youth soccer league used to be affiliated with the chelsea youth set-up before ncfc came in and reorganized things . 
  because much like arsenal they played some of the most beautiful football of all time in the early 2000s, 
  i swear all he does is eat nandos and play ping pong with his dad, 
  over under on games tom herman coaches before getting fired ? 
  mike grella played for my local club for like 10 games a few seasons back , really fun to watch, 
  you mean god ? 
  zlatan , john brooks , or balotelli, 
  ncsu is the real quarterback u. 
  seriously very good chance that the chargers , colts , seahawks , and bears all have former wolfpack qbs on week 1, 
  doeren sucks, 
  different season , same shit . 
  doeren got ta go, 
  every thread, 
  has science gone too far, 
  fire dumbass dave, 
  that 's the funny part that 's closer to atlanta than raleigh, 
  missed it by thaaaaaat much, 
  y' all turn on the vt wvu game, 
  his wife is albanian , maybe she wanted to be closer to home with her kids ? 
  milan would make sense that way, 
  with lots of alcohol on hand, 
  asking the important questions, 
  so i 've started with bourbon , about to switch to beer , might go back to bourbon pending halftime score, 
  justin martin is ass, 
  pro clock management butch, 
  over under on games before butch gets fired ? 
  absolutely unprepared today , total joke . 
  i think he 's gone after south carolina, 
  go for it you fucking pussy, 
  kiffin butch 's ass what a fucking joke this defense is so unprepared, 
  holy hell the play calling is ass, 
  great drive but fuck the refs for no facemask call on the callaway catch, 
  what the fuck why did we call a timeout, 
  pray for the shank y' all, 
  good thing we did n't get a field goal at halftime, 
  gbo bitches, 
  it would makes sense we 've played in overtime the most all time, 
  seems like every opposing qb turns into a shooperman, 
  yup, 
  that 's a touchdown, 
  go for 2 dammit, 
  this is why i drink, 
  this is why i drink, 
  # 919tousl before # 919tomls ? 
  ayyyy what up charleston charlotte richmond and nashville, 
  i 'll eat 10 tacos if we do, 
  haha nashville just feels local to me , been there probably 20-25 times to see family , but it will be nice to have away days that are less than 4 hours drive time away, 
  if we win tonight probably enough to get the us through , who knows though, 
  it 's because all the americans that go to thailand are the fucking instagram backpacker type wankers,
