  in the server select menu , nothing shows up . 
  are there just no servers currently up yet , and everyone here that is posting about games just fighting bots ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  ** edit-fixed the issue . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.chivalrythegame.com/forums/viewtopic.php?f=69&t=3136 ) link has the fix . 
  thanks !, 
  right now i am a freshman in college in the united states . 
  i love history , and it has been one of the few subjects throughout my schooling so far that i have consistently enjoyed . 
  i believe i would like to become a history professor at a four year university . 
  i know that most if not all potential university positions require a doctorate to even have a chance of being hired . 
  with that time and monetary investment in view , is there a good chance that i can get and hold a job in history education while still being able to comfortably support a family ? 
  we are looking at between 4 and 6 guys . 
  at most probably want to do 20 to 25 miles and camp 2 to 3 nights . 
  i 've done some hiking before , but this will be my first official overnight hike . 
  i am using an acer aspire timelineu laptop running 64 bit windows 7 . 
  yesterday , the charge on my battery ran out . 
  i did n't need to use my laptop until today , and when i plugged it in and started it using system resume windows bluscreened and crashed . 
  when i tried to reboot , a boot error menu came up and told me to insert a bootable device . 
  at this point , i though i was in trouble . 
  i rebooted again by holding down the power button , and was able to boot normally in safe mode . 
  seeing everything looked alright , i rebooted again and everything was running normally . 
  i use avast free antivirus , and soon after i rebooted an error message came up saying my virus definitions could not be updated . 
  when i went to update them manually and error message from avast saying the file packet was broken came up . 
  meanwhile , windows action center gave me an error message saying avast was not running at all , and that i should turn it on . 
  ( i know that windows can be retarded sometimes , seeing as how i have avast up as i am typing this ) my question is that is any or all of this related ? 
  right now i am running a full system scan with avast . 
  do i have some virus that is targeting my antivirus and slowly destroying my computer ? 
  do i have a failing hard drive ? 
  should i delete my browsing history ? 
  i commute . 
  will they let us know by email if classes are impacted by the weather ? 
  also in the past how likely have they been to alter the class schedule due to the weather ? 
  i lost in between 1 and 1:30 today . 
  if anyone knew anything i would really appreciated it !, 
  so tomorrow i 'm driving from raleigh , nc to murfreesboro to visit family . 
  i have been reading about the possible snow in the area over the next 24 to 48 hours . 
  are the roads normally pretty well maintained throughout snow towards the mountains ? 
  i know it can get pretty bad around raleigh . 
  i would just be on i40 the whole way . 
  i designed a rocket to launch a satellite to the mun , which worked perfectly several times . 
  it was fitted with a mechjeb unit , and i used that to get into an ideal orbit etc. 
  i designed a rover to go to the mun , and basically popped off the satellite module and put the rover with the skycrane i would use to land the rover onto the same rocket design . 
  when i go to launch the rocket , mechjeb disengages sas and flies it into the ground . 
  any suggestions ? 
  i 'm college age , not 21 yet though , and my dad is heading up that way for business . 
  a pirates game is a given , but what else is there to do ? 
  i will have a lot of free time during the day . 
  i 'm heading out to take care of some stuff right now , will be back in a couple of hours to make the decision . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've read the links in the sidebar , and probably missed something , but it would be really helpful to hear from another person . 
  basically , is there a way to add a skin that behaves like a shortcut would on your desktop ? 
  are there skins like this that just create a shortcut to an application like firefox or steam , or am i better off just using a regular shortcut on my desktop ? 
  american here . 
  i have really gotten interested in english culture from watching premier league football ( go arsenal ! ), 
  and would like to visit at some point in the mid-term future . 
  just on a whim , i started reading about norwich , partially because of norwich city 's amazing kits , and it seemed like a cool town . 
  is that the general consensus , or did wikipedia mislead me ? 
  thanks !, 
  this game is a fucking joke . 
  i picked up a nexus on black friday . 
  everything worked great at first . 
  i set up the facial recognition unlock feature , used that for a few days and then ran into problems on sunday . 
  basically when i open the camera app the back camera works fine but if i try to switch to front camera the app freezes and just shows a black screen . 
  the camera does n't work in apps like the facial recognition either . 
  has anyone else ran into this problem ? 
  any fixes ? 
  my license plate stickers expired on january 15th . 
  due to a couple of things i forgot about it and just last wednesday was able to go get my car inspected . 
  i passed my inspection and intended to renew my tags . 
  in the meantime , i was pulled over and ticketed for speeding ( beware the speed drop from 401 to mcdowell st ) and also for my expired tags . 
  the officer said if i showed the da i updated my tags quickly afterward the citation would be dropped . 
  tonight i went online to renew and the dmv site said that service was unable to continue and to call during regular business hours . 
  does anyone know if this is related to my ticket or having expired tags ? 
  looking forward to dealing with the dmv tomorrow ... 
  when in rome ... 
  this past weekend , i came down to wrightsville for the day from raleigh . 
  being dumb/sunburned i did n't check to see if i needed to pay for parking after we went into wilmington for dinner ( raleigh has free parking on weekends ) . 
  i got ticketed . 
  is it easiest for me to just pay the fine , or will they pursue me if i ignore the invoice ? 
  i can float the 25 bucks , but being from out of town and not venturing into wilmington that often , if they do n't make a huge deal out of it i 'm up for just ignoring it . 
  i took a little time off of ncsu to save some money up and completed some part time coursework at wake tech . 
  i am looking to transfer those credits over now . 
  i have looked all over mypack , admissions , etc. 
  do i just send the wake tech transcript in , or am i missing something really obvious ? 
  so i 'm hanging out with my buddy and his gf tomorrow night , and one of said gf 's friends are tagging along as well . 
  we are going to probably end up at dinner at some point ( we are all college kids so nothing real fancy ) . 
  i 'm single , and the friend is single . 
  we have n't really ever met , so this is definitely not a double date or anything , but i 'm probably ( hopefully ) going to be spending a lot of one on one time with her . 
  to you , would it look like i 'm trying too hard if i picked up her dinner , or is it more of a `` sweet free food '' thing and nothing more ? 
  edit : y' all da real mvps, 
  7:15 or so thursday night, 
  anything that uses my unity id is timing out on the redirection to the shibboleth authentication page . 
  is this happening to anyone else ? 
  ran into them up by the capitol building around 11:45 . 
  they were lead by a man in a dinosaur suit and a guy with a megaphone playing the * ole ole * soccer chant on repeat . 
  who are they ? 
  why are they here ? 
  what do they want ? 
  y-wings , a-wings etc. 
  they should have no concept y or x,
