  i 'm more of a hotbox pizza guy myself, 
  if you go there , you can discuss some mortgage options while you eat, 
  and trusted ? 
  no worries . 
  rsl will feel our 80th minute wrath . 
  well played game rsl . 
  disappointing we did not field our full strength team , but a deserving win for you guys . 
  you have been added to the nsa watchlist, 
  i grew up raiding my uncle 's yuengling fridge in murfreesboro, 
  are you married ? 
  you had 32 teams to pick from . 
  why chicago ? 
  this was/is me . 
  i more or less cruised through high school , and by the time my lack of effort started to catch up with me , i had already been accepted into my university . 
  now , in the summer after my first year of uni , i 'm having to change all of my study habits . 
  the last year was not a total failure , but it was not successful either . 
  college isnt just about getting through it , it is about getting the job done while also learning what you are doing . 
  the responsibility, 
  lies on you to do the work and get the result . 
  he hangs with aaron hernandez a lot, 
  it 's not over yet , but i will gladly accept your early congratulations, 
  hey now , this is an equal opportunity subreddit, 
  if you are n't being a pico only pussy , chipotle should burn the same going out as it did going in . 
  dunno what part of nc you are in , but if you are near cary check out tribeca tavern . 
  they have amazing burgers , and a couple variations of the carolina style, 
  hahahahhahaha this is coming from the state that thinks it is acceptable to barbecue cows, 
  hendersonville !, 
  did he chew bubblicious back then ? 
  they tried to do this when i was in high school . 
  all the boys wore yoga pants to protest it , and after a few days they reversed the decision . 
  exactly . 
  i have had the same pair of 10 dollar sony ones now for five years , and my buddy shells out 5 bucks like every other month on skullcandy in ears, 
  i go to the school that invented webassign . 
  i 'm sorry , we hate it too , and their corporate hq is on our campus . 
  why is merle not fighting zombies ? 
  i prefer the term `` more evolved '' thank you very much, 
  just from looking at aerial shots on tv , it looks like the tail popped off behind where the seating stopped, 
  still , considering the plane ignited die hard style , pretty remarkable, 
  i thought wd-40 had teflon on it ? 
  also , must be french speaking and under 23 with a lot of potential, 
  my dentist told me walking 30 minutes a day will help reduce stress and my tmj . 
  this was about 6 months ago , now no more tmj . 
  try it !, 
  i would like to hear the origin of your username, 
  not sure if ... 
  and i thought having no mls teams in the southeast was rough soccer wise . 
  favorite club ? 
  ahh . 
  i 'm an arsenal man . 
  hope you are enjoying rvp . 
  i do n't have an mls side , but i 'm an ultra for the carolina railhawks , the nasl team near raleigh nc , if you have ever heard of them . 
  ahhh the old fifa `` fuck it i have 130 million in the bank lets get ronaldo even though we stilll have messi rooney van persie and neymar '' move, 
  mmmmmmm , oatmeal, 
  very funny , but i must ask ... 
  how in the hell do you not like chipotle, 
  edit - oh are you one of those cilantro soap taste people ? 
  are you well qualified to represent it ? 
  an mls with the caliber players of the bpl and top to bottom parity would be awesome, 
  i 'd upvote this , but the current point level of 69 is too perfect to disrupt, 
  oh trust me , it is . 
  they have it at trader joe 's or world market , if either of those are near you . 
  under your logic , anyone born from 1990 on could not support man u, 
  where i 'm at , everyone is barca or manchester city fans . 
  the only other arsenal fans i know are english transplants . 
  by real madrid ? 
  im having trouble imagining jacksonville full if fulham fans, 
  fair enough . 
  you typed ''  '' as a smiley . 
  momness checks out . 
  mine only chews my fingers . 
  but we do occasionally discuss geopolitics . 
  he has figured out how to open his cage from the inside . 
  he is a smart pig . 
  this may be one of the longest chains of stupid behavior i have ever read . 
  i loved it . 
  i mean seriously , their main school 's mascot is a cock . 
  i was there last summer . 
  it was absolutely incredible . 
  you could spend a lifetime there and not see it all . 
  something similar happened at my high school a few years ago . 
  right in the middle of a football game , a kiln in the basement of the art building exploded and the building went up . 
  the fire department ended up putting it out before the building went though . 
  i have counted 8, 
  coming from a current nc state student ... 
  ** hahahahahahahahahahaha **, 
  dunno but im downvoting you, 
  could you do this ? 
  like , theoretically say you were some young leader in a revolution or some type of event like that , any situation where you could get into a major leadership position without having gone to a university . 
  if you went to school after your experiences and decided to study an area relating to what you did prior in life , could you write a thesis about whatever you did and have it count ? 
  there are so many ways to justify previous experiences are `` research '' . 
  does berlusconi own everything out there ? 
  ^ wow , ^ that ^ actually ^ worked, 
  i 'm kinda in the same boat . 
  i do n't feel on paper the team matches up with elite competition , but in my gut there is something different about this team . 
  lots of new guys and klinsmann have given us a spark . 
  its kinda interesting to see the gus johnson opinion contrast of / r/mls and / r/soccer, 
  you know , having been shot in the head, 
  i get to deal with stan kronke being a cheap ass with my rams and arsenal . 
  having a crappy owner in any sport just plain sucks . 
  i dunno man , with the growth the game has seen in the last 10 years here , a lot of the youth players exposed to the game now could make up our own golden generation in 10-15 years , and who knows what the limit is then .
