  til im well endowed, 
  basically , as the permafrost continues to thaw , which has been shown to already be occurring , deposits of methane and carbon dioxide locked up since the ground turned into permafrost way back when are going to be released into the atmosphere , accelerating the climate change we are already seeing . 
  as for impact on humanity , it remains to be seen just how quickly and severely climate change will impact us . 
  you could argue that we are already being impacted ( see last years drought in the us , increased frequency and power of hurricanes etc ) but we do n't really know exactly what we are changing and how it will manifest itself , and to me at least , that is really scary . 
  this actually happens naturally . 
  the hormones are secreted into the amniotic fluid as the fetuses develop . 
  definitely have to go with `` dongle '', 
  it looks like whoever is on the far left sitting down has a giant sex toy as an instrument, 
  its not the ice caps per se , but more the permafrost . 
  think siberia or northern canada . 
  and its an issue because methane and co2 are greenhouse gases . 
  as i 'm sure you know , greenhouse gases cause the earth to warm , causing climate change etc. 
  the problem with the permafrost is that they have huge deposits of these gases that to this point have been locked in ice out of the atmosphere ( no warming ) . 
  as these deposits get thawed , more and more methane and co2 are released into the atmosphere , accelerating climate change . 
  i just stumbled across this . 
  pretty interesting stuff . 
  a lot of it was new to me . 
  and it 's people like you natural selection kill off first . 
  fuck with nature and it will fuck you up . 
  right now we have the potential to have a historically great defense in 5 years, 
  yes and no . 
  we already have the building blocks though . 
  quinn and long are monsters , lauraunitis looks a lot like a young brian urlacher , and jenkins assuming he stays out of trouble can be one of if not the best db in the league . 
  thank you mr. spock, 
  exactly . 
  i love wenger the manager , i hate wenger the businessman, 
  water will be the biggest issue . 
  how and if that impacts agriculture remains to be seen . 
  welcome to transfer season , where the values are made up and club need does n't matter, 
  in seventh grade i had a project where we had to invent and market a new product . 
  i basically invented the iphone , touchscreen and all . 
  a week later steve fucking jobs steals my idea . 
  this whole situation sounds awesome . 
  can you elaborate on the trip, 
  that 's why i love him . 
  `` hey julius , do n't ya think we should wait for the supply wagons to catch up ? '', 
  `` hell no lets go win this fucking battle ! '', 
  * battle charge *, 
  also , messi is jesus returned, 
  this is a new one to me, 
  can we please go a few minutes without one of our guys going down, 
  he looks a bit gangly at the moment, 
  and the rams ... 
  i would n't necessarily reccomend fantasy right away . 
  i tried fantasy premier league soccer when i was first getting into it and got raped . 
  you just sent me down the wikipedia rabbit hole . 
  botswana has some of the coolest club names ever . 
  we refer to the us national soccer team as `` los gringos '', 
  the red bulls actually play like 45 minutes outside of the city proper , unfortunately, 
  what the fuck . 
  welcome to america , where the laws are made up and justice does n't matter, 
  graduate of an underfunded school system in north carolina here . 
  we got the same thing more or less . 
  their license expires in a few years i believe, 
  so that 's what that feels like . 
  i would n't be mad about that actually . 
  the total lunacy of it would be worth it, 
  giroud makes me question my sexuality, 
  tagged, 
  we all cope in different ways, 
  edit : ** holy fuck yes **, 
  there are ways to do school with little to no loans or scholarships, 
  you should see college gameday in the us . 
  they go to a college campus each week before a big football game . 
  the craziness is spectacular . 
  jesus i step out for a couple hours and almost have a heart attack coming back . 
  front page in 12 min, 
  let 's say , theoretically , \u00d6zil and bendtner link up really well and bendtner leads the bpl in goals after a freak injury to giroud . 
  theoretically, 
  do you come with fruit on the bottom ? 
  more like 20 minutes, 
  only texas, 
  i think someone is still a bit butthurt over the window, 
  honestly at this point , i do n't mind . 
  cesc is happy , we are happy , we have a world class mega star and we just beat spurs . 
  i think we watched this at the same time, 
  im the opposite . 
  average fitness , good sports skill . 
  presidental tests are a bitch, 
  are you fucking kidding, 
  playing manning and welker in fantasy . 
  great . 
  my league has bonuses for 300 + yards and ppr . 
  91 points from 2 guys, 
  i 'm playing him and welker , 6 pt td , 5 points for 300 + yards , and ppr . 
  ive got ryan and johnson . 
  if we somehow win this week , ill buy the first round, 
  i 'm watching on univision , not sure if i 'm going to be able to keep up or not . 
  dead of alcohol poisoning actually, 
  even good teams have bad days . 
  american here . 
  well played game you guys . 
  lets drown our sorrows together, 
  my favorite punter other than hekker, 
  yeah his discipline policies are a intrusive , but the league has not had missed games due to labor issues and it is very successful business wise . 
  offside rule ? 
  i went from cheering and jumping up and down to jumping up and down and screaming fuck . 
  so far , so good, 
  you mean jesus ? 
  as a tennessee fan , i have a dream that one day , peyton will ride into knoxville atop the back of a giant smokey and establish himself as master of the ut football program , pushing the vols to victory and forcing nick saban into bitter retirement .
