  fire arena, 
  if you use mls defenders you 're gon na have a bad time, 
  fire gulati too . 
  ussf needs house cleaning from the top down . 
  the fact that they brought in a manager who still tries to play a 4-4-2 in the upper echelons of world soccer is a joke in itself, 
  bradley et al would n't be shit if they stayed in europe . 
  it 's not a coincidence that the 2010 team dropped off when the main guys moved home to take a fat paycheck and get lazy, 
  i for one am shocked a european based guy just saved our ass, 
  honestly the international american hate is overblown . 
  most everyone i 've met abroad is either indifferent to curious about me being american, 
  fournettflix & chill, 
  ecu deserves it for firing ruffin mcneil , it was an absolute joke, 
  keep kicking it 's ass bro, 
  i like this one except coq for jack and iwobi if he 's fit for nelson, 
  no they 're from portland, 
  it 's called goji bistro now, 
  wtf i 'm going to slow down on the beer, 
  basketball playing tight end sighting, 
  nut shot lmaoooo, 
  the hangover is real, 
  hahahahaha no, 
  where were you when brady was kill, 
  loooool the empty seats, 
  85 % of patriots fans are fairweather, 
  absolutely disgraceful showing from the entire stadium bailing on the patriots, 
  40 is to qbs as 30 is to rbs, 
  what a good username, 
  welcome , there will be complementary ar-15s , budweiser and mcdonalds at the reception, 
  fuck me that 's the worst thing i 've read all day, 
  did you just use an emoji as a link, 
  late but i once took a deferred flight on delta ( was scheduled to leave at 6 pm took off at 1 am ) for a flight voucher , and the plane was a 737 with 9 people on it , and my section stewardess would n't let me move from economy to the empty comfort plus section until the head flight attendant went over her head and said i could move . 
  completely plastered , you say ? 
  are you me, 
  good bot, 
  that 's like the 2011 shirt though , coutinho was n't at liverpool until 2013 , unless they had the name added later, 
  dank ass section tho, 
  this is so stupid yet i laughed maniacally, 
  dez fitzpatrick sounds like an offbrand larry fitzgerald, 
  mother fucking hunter s. thompson, 
  i see maple syrup debates are the best barbecue debates of you northeners, 
  fuck it i 'm making pancakes this morning, 
  international fan but i do like seeing our academy produce guys rather than us buying young promising players, 
  me too fuuuuuck, 
  why does derek carr wear eyeliner, 
  texans on their way to breaking watson, 
  how fast do you run, 
  do n't sleep on zay jones, 
  refs giving it to baltimore, 
  it 's like where 's waldo, 
  you 're tearing me apart ~ lisa ~ kirk cousins, 
  fades in general are ass, 
  ^ you ^ fucking ^ retard, 
  even worse it 's the league office, 
  wow coliseum is empty, 
  just like pagano is n't an nfl coach, 
  shit tier tackling, 
  see the refs have the aaron rodgers rulebook out in full force, 
  p a c k e r s, 
  lol refs giving it to the packers as always, 
  because packers, 
  same shit offense , same shit quarterback, 
  over under on weeks till mccaffery is a bust ? 
  p a c k e r s c h e a t, 
  cam newton is a bad quarterback, 
  oh my god a pass beyond 5 yards, 
  the end times are upon us, 
  i repeat , scam newton is a bad quarterback, 
  bah god is that the briskets smell ? 
  once again , cam newton is a bad quarterback, 
  booooo, 
  one thing i 've noticed as i 've grown into my mid 20s is that i feel emotional pain over what now is fairly inconsequential stuff a lot less intensely than i did when i was a teenager , so it feels like i feel less overall, 
  dick cheney ? 
  i really want to go to hopscotch , and have for several years , but for what you get in terms of acts it is waaaaay too expensive . 
  they need to either book bigger artists or lower ticket prices, 
  oddly specific, 
  wow yeah . 
  $ 145 for a two day pass , headliners bruno mars , mumford & sons , future , blink 182 let alone weezer , two door cinema club , big sean etc. 
  hopscotch really needs to figure itself out, 
  seriously need to put this in the sidebar at this point, 
  i dunno , i guess to me paying $ 200 + to see indie and underground music defeats the purpose of the artists being indie or underground . 
  just because they are cool and hipstery does n't mean it 's worth more to go see them . 
  most big artists are big because they are good , and people like to go see them . 
  if i 'm looking to listen to indie shows i can go buy tickets at cat 's cradle for 10-25 a show depending on who the artist is , and even less at places like kings . 
  fair point but good music that is popular is still good music , just like shitty music that is underground is still shitty . 
  it just seems like i 'm getting ripped off to pay 40 % more on a product that is pretty hit or miss so that i can post on social media and tell my coworkers how cool and avant garde i am . 
  is that that wyoming dude, 
  rivers is like 1,000 years old tho, 
  what are you gon na do , kick me ? 
  h-mart has full durians, 
  it 's an asian market in morrisville , it opened in like december of last year ? 
  right off of davis, 
  lobster sighting, 
  i think the lobster is going to get his big meaty claws on the denver qb job at some point this season, 
  jfc i have cj anderson down by 3 opponent has allen and thomas i 've missed two touchdowns now by half a yard and a penalty, 
  fuck you broncos, 
  kek orange county is closer to duke, 
  well cj anderson missing out on two touchdowns last night was definitely up there . 
  i also missed out on the playoffs one year solely because jermichael finley dropped a pass that hit him square in the hands in the open field, 
  literally schoolhouse rock, 
  dinosaurs probably,
