  i had n't considered that, 
  aaaaaaand you reminded me i should be studying for my calculus final, 
  waiter ? 
  had to google what that was . 
  very cool . 
  sorry the pay sucks . 
  so like `` sick '' ? 
  college kid here . 
  you type everything in the future . 
  if you are n't losing points on it and are ok to let your writing be crappy , let it go . 
  in the long run it is irrelevant unless you make it a personal goal . 
  maybe its an american thing ? 
  ive heard it all growing up , even before i followed soccer, 
  as bob dylan once sang , the times they are a changin, 
  if anything , we are getting fabregas back from you guys . 
  also , how did you like that bayern team we beat ? 
  interesting . 
  last summer i stumbled across one of the sets for the lone ranger in new mexico . 
  the signs just said `` tlr '' and arrows to parking etc. 
  i wonder if they figured that almost no one would find the set so they did n't bother disguising it . 
  sup campbell, 
  / r/minecraft, 
  you are confusing them with arsenal, 
  as an american i thought waking up for a 7:30 am game on a saturday was tough . 
  i admire your tenacity . 
  master orbiting, 
  just the tip, 
  british boy band sensation one direction, 
  source : i have a teenage sister, 
  i hear they are quite wealthy at that, 
  i 'm pretty sure rooney makes more than the rest of mls combined, 
  i hear rooney might be headed to london this summer, 
  wait i thought watford 's crest was like a stag or moose ? 
  i prefer the steven gerrard backflip, 
  i 'm american too ^ ^ ^ pick ^ arsenal, 
  ^ better ^ than ^ bandwagon ^ manu ^ fans, 
  i 'm gon na need some flair identification before i 'm cleared to release that type of information, 
  i 'm glad i have a buddy to sit around and bitch about people with at 19 . 
  i kinda grew out of the whole high school thing a few years ago . 
  i just got tired of the drama consuming everything everyone did . 
  2 good friends and a dog are better than a lot of shitty ones . 
  well , i can check that one off the bucket list, 
  senior project ? 
  my dad was at that game . 
  lifelong tennessee fan from outside of nashville . 
  just so happened my uncle was living in la at the time , and he was visiting by coincidence the week they were playing ucla . 
  if i pulled ahead , checked something , found it was wrong , and pulled around and went in to fix my order , would you guys still fix it ? 
  i just found out i 've unintentionally been an asshole for years . 
  thank you for letting wigan get their giant slaying out of the way . 
  that 's my plan . 
  in a few years it may be great to settle down here , but not now . 
  pat mccrory and the republicans in general are dipshits, 
  it 's ironic because i have seen three individual teslas around in the last month or so , and i live just outside of raleigh . 
  have never seen one in some traveling i have done since they were released . 
  how is working for sprint ? 
  i literally have an application pulled up on another tab . 
  i 'm a college student , so i figure we have similar perspectives . 
  i turned this on in the 55th minute having just got home and started panicking . 
  feels good man . 
  if big explosions are your thing , it was great, 
  funny you mention that . 
  in the us , we have a channel on cable and satellite providers thats jumps around to different game broadcasts when one goes to commercial . 
  it has revolutionized my football expierience . 
  its kind of like hockey on grass and you can use your stick as a weapon, 
  he is only 23 . 
  not like he is going anywhere anytime soon . 
  it 's newcastle . 
  we are probably gon na have a 10 goal game . 
  fuck the patriots, 
  moran, 
  that makes sense . 
  i have the whole upper level mounted upside down with intentions to flip it over once i go in to land . 
  thanks !, 
  dude . 
  shes fucking crazy . 
  i picked arsenal because kronke owns my favorite nfl team and thierry henry was my favorite player in fifa world cup 98 when i was like 6 years old . 
  i know that feel . 
  came on board about two years ago . 
  i see a lot more barcelona fans then man u in north carolina, 
  was not expecting to see a unc hat at the end of that, 
  rizzo almost killed me with a foul ball last year, 
  he looks promising for you guys . 
  i 'm actually a yankees fan haha . 
  would love to have him in the bronx though . 
  just because we have gotten over the idea of catholics and protestants trying to kill each other in the form of a football match does not make our rivalries less significant . 
  showers : generating karma whoring possibilities everywhere, 
  just out of interest , does your ankle `` click '' sometimes ? 
  i have a buddy who had what was diagnosed as a high ankle sprain a few months ago and now when he walks around it makes a clicking noise loud enough that i can hear it a few steps behind him in a semi noisy environment . 
  they installed one in my town a few years ago and it took people like six months and several accidents to realized you must always go right in a roundabout , even if your exit is immediately to your left . 
  `` you get what you put into life '' i 'm finally starting to understand what my dad meant by that . 
  i was a senior in high school for four years . 
  it was kinda entertaining to see the surprise when people asked what my plans were after graduation and i told them i was 16 . 
  the mets also play in new york , but still , its ridiculous . 
  as a yankees fan , sorry everyone . 
  holy crap, 
  atletico fan ? 
  he 's getting ejected all the way to london, 
  dipshit ref sent him off for one complaint . 
  horrible decision . 
  is that normal ?
