  oh i see this is going well, 
  how bout a fucking foul there, 
  honestly ramsey should be dropped . 
  he 's been living on his great season two years ago and is too careless in possession, 
  we have the depth , ox should get a chance at cm . 
  both his best performances have been there , he should get time and see what he can do, 
  try out the ox . 
  he 's been good there before , if ramsey got the benefit of the doubt for so long so should ox, 
  what an absolute disgrace, 
  chelsea is up , if this result holds the title is done, 
  the quality of the play was atrocious this season, 
  ramsey must be sold . 
  he 's lower prem quality at best . 
  we have the depth at mid to deal with getting rid of him, 
  got ta get one in the first 10 to have a chance imo, 
  relevant op, 
  north carolina football club, 
  right now . 
  but elneny is at afcon , cazorla probably has a year left playing at a pl level , and we have the ox and jeff . 
  promising start ... 
  good idea from ox, 
  lets goooooooo, 
  fortunate touchline call there karma for the penalty, 
  coq has to shoot there, 
  yeah we 're running a 4-alexis-alexis, 
  lmao alexis with the ground pound, 
  wtf all three subs before 70 ' what team is this, 
  if there was a time for ozil magic, 
  we need two goals, 
  got ta get one on the set piece come on arsenal, 
  ramsey absolutely must be dropped . 
  he has been costing us points for two plus seasons now with his utter carelessness, 
  we are the highest point in the area, 
  sacramento without republic involvement is doa , as is stl without public funding for a stadium . 
  that leaves 4 slots for 10 bids . 
  i think san diego is a 100 % sure thing , leaving 3 for 9 . 
  our bid is better than charlotte ( private stadium funding , especially if it is downtown ) which eliminates them . 
  assuming the league wants to evenly spread expansion teams geographically , the three remaining slots will go to either phoenix or san antonio , cincinnati indy or detroit , and us tampa or nashville . 
  the one wild card imo is cincinnati and indy . 
  if both get tapped , i think we are in trouble for this round of expansion . 
  the two things we have going for us with tampa is beckham fc and mls 's historical failure in florida . 
  i doubt mls will go for 3 florida clubs given the past history of teams not getting support there , so if the miami project has any life left at all they are going to get the priority for a second florida club . 
  if stl gets a new funding package we are in trouble , but i 'm not overly concerned about that given the state governments stance on publicly funded stadia after the rams debacle . 
  since atl is n't around ... 
  # ** fuck the cosmos **, 
  the west ham game almost got rained out, 
  just got back from an airbnb in the mountains , there are tons , and you can usually bring your dog , or find a pet friendly one, 
  no way in hell i support a charlotte team , and i think that 's the case for most people in the triangle, 
  40 teams with pro rel between mls 1 and 2 is the dream, 
  ncfc san diego indy and either nashville or cincy, 
  by those metrics we should definitely get a team then . 
  the only markets in the top 20 without a team already are san diego and the various smaller texas cities . 
  san diego will get one but after that it should be us . 
  got a second interview with a solar startup tomorrow , really really hoping to get in on the ground floor, 
  kodachrome you taste so good, 
  with ussf 's division sanctioning , it 's only a matter of time with nasl , usl is going to be division 2 moving forward , it will just be a couple years . 
  i think a fiscally responsible cosmos is a good thing for lower league soccer in the us . 
  also , have the mods added ncfc flair yet ? 
  two 20 team divisions would be a solid mid term goal , imo, 
  most professional anythings go off and get shitfaced at least once in their early 20s, 
  there used to not be a light there , my mom got tboned by a guy who was turning off laura duncan onto old apex, 
  i 've been saying this for a month and a half now ... 
  this song triggers me, 
  it 's the arby 's guy, 
  do not let tom brady 's 4th quarter distract you from the fact the falcons blew a 25-0 lead . 
  yes pls, 
  thanks , 
  i guess i 'm confused here , it is not customary to tip at mcdonalds in france normally , but cisse tipped one cent to be a douche ? 
  lol that is a really roundabout way of being an asshat, 
  definitely , a 1 cent tent is the ultimate fuck you in the us service industry, 
  if you ever get the chance to go , bonaire is lovely, 
  so what you 're saying is , the rams are going to be pretty spooky in the future ? 
  i asked a similar question this week, 
  jesus absolutely no mercy from the bbc, 
  do tell, 
  why is he unsure if he will play again ? 
  i ask because i started a career last week with 1860 in fifa lol, 
  charles oakley is that you ? 
  as a rams fan , the rams belong in la. 
  they got moved by their previous owner in 1994 to st. louis from la. 
  stl is and always will be a baseball first town, 
  funnily enough , the southern accent is linguistically closest to an english accent in the united states, 
  pretty sure my english girlfriend only likes me for my accent, 
  it 's motherjones , they sling shit like this all the time . 
  they think being super far left edgelords is helpful , but it 's really counterproductive, 
  i hope the thundering sportsmen of oklahoma have a good showing, 
  dam son, 
  what software do you use to make your models ? 
  not my local affiliate, 
  lol i 'm in raleigh . 
  i think because duke was playing at 1 they did n't show it, 
  fuck the refs, 
  i ca n't wait for the okc 30 for 30, 
  most latin american soccer leagues do this actually, 
  seriously , everyone can fuck off with the negativity in this thread . 
  we rip the team for having a shit mentality , when this fanbase has a shit mentality . 
  it 's not over till it 's over , so support the fucking club . 
  sitting, 
  lol, 
  getting called for `` giving him the business '' while down 37-0 is the epitome of nc state football,
