  good on you man , best of luck !, 
  do n't tell anyone , but the deck by the museum is still free on weekends after 5 . 
  it 's a little bit of a walk but it 's freeeeeeee, 
  fun fact , they tried to defraud ups of about $ 25k, 
  charlotte is doa . 
  the city and county wo n't fund a stadium and the owner does n't want to pay out of pocket . 
  it 's not happening, 
  damned nazis had to ruin all sorts of cool looking shit, 
  the sours are coming, 
  dempsey never collapsed though, 
  i bet you 're right, 
  i think it 's because his daughter likes him , and toomes wants what 's best for his family, 
  next guy `` is he a regen ? '', 
  i do n't sleep well unless my balls can wander free at night, 
  lol the kid behind me asked the same thing , and asked why mj waving at peter made everyone laugh, 
  are they filming in atlanta ? 
  dude she 's from south cackalacky she ca n't help it, 
  lmao why are lasers so strong sounds like an insane clown posse lyric, 
  also from north cackalacky . 
  this is why we had to divide the two, 
  dude she 's from south cackalacky she ca n't help it, 
  i like it because it pisses off mls and certain club officials who try to ban it to pander to potential ticket buyers, 
  full moon tonight, 
  third kits make the best wallpaper , they are a darker background . 
  it 's becoming a summer ritual to change mine, 
  deal breakerrrrr, 
  if you 're charging me ~ $ 18 to ~ $ 27 a plate for move theater food you better have stadium seating, 
  get arriola the fuck out, 
  why is colbert 's band leader playing for martinique lol, 
  jesus the final third is terrible, 
  fuck that, 
  i think that was a good tackle, 
  horvath, 
  aim lower, 
  hahahahaha we are shambles, 
  we 're shit, 
  hard mode, 
  i mean spurs still have n't signed one and pep just got cucked by dani alves so now they have to shell out for kyle walker potentially impacting their ability to bring in other galactico type players . 
  not saying the top sides are n't strengthening , but so far i would say us and chelsea had the most successful windows with united in hot pursuit out of the top clubs . 
  jury is still out on everton but i think rooney will have a resurgence there . 
  but they could also go the way of post bale spurs signings . 
  are n't their owners involved with etihad too ? 
  what 's to stop them from bullshitting some crazy shirt sponsorship deal to make it look like city 's revenue is within ffp rules, 
  see , i find this funny because i always feel dehydrated when im in the uk . 
  first thing i do over there is buy a liter or two of water because no one seems to drink a lot normally . 
  in iceland i stay awake until 3 am because it is still light outside . 
  conversely in the winter in iceland i go to sleep at 8 because it is dark outside, 
   team_satan, 
  maybe he 's part of that cannibal cult from gta v, 
  i have nipples greg, 
  hello from the atl tarmac ,, 
  i got a $ 2k voucher on friday for taking a later flight down here from rdu . 
  guess i 'm karmically paying for it now , our flight is having mechanical issues . 
  that said iceland is rad if you like nature , i 've also heard great things about seoul . 
  what a shitshow, 
  the trick is to drag your feet , and they get desperate, 
  raleigh !, 
  lol can someone explain the ding love, 
  for someone who professes to be part of a politically neutral religion , you sure do like ripping on liberals on the internet, 
  ah , the mating call of the inebriated white girl, 
  turner field is not gone , georgia state bought it and is converting it into a football stadium . 
  the braves moved to cobb county because they control development rights around the new stadium , which they could not get near turner field . 
  the dome is a bit more perplexing , but it does make sense since it was constructed in the era of american sports stadiums that produced some really terrible buildings . 
  the new stadium will be used almost year round now . 
  pnc does not have any of these issues , and there are renovation plans in the works anyway, 
  how did she pee, 
  each terminal had dedicated security , so you only are waiting with so many other people at one time . 
  i have tsa pre check and i clear security in under 10 minutes almost every time, 
  drunk, 
  apex checking in, 
  if there is any credence to this neymar rumor though , psg might wait to get that sorted before finalizing anything with alexis, 
  i started a job in atlanta two weeks ago and was playing eye spy the whole time, 
  eh not too worried about the defense yet , it was basically held together by duct tape today, 
  hnggggg, 
  i 'm already imagining bad daddy 's $ 3.50 nc pint night before usoc games on wednesdays, 
  it 's hard for me because i 'm basically splitting time between atlanta and raleigh for work right now and there is a fantastic buzz around the city about united, 
  was n't mccrory throwing around the idea of redeveloping another state government complex into retail/office space over on wade i believe ? 
  if that is considered excess could the displaced agencies for the stadium move there and maybe kane can throw them a bone with some redevelopment ? 
  i 'm assuming nothing ? 
  they said that formed the boundary of the site, 
   raleigh, 
  lol, 
  although in my dreamworld raleigh has glorious toronto like streetcars everywhere, 
  tbf you can hop off marta at midtown and be at bobby dodd in 10 minutes on foot, 
  they look cool man . 
  it 's better than nothing, 
  officially , the only public money they would possibly request is hotel and restaurant tax money from the city that was earmarked for downtown development anyways . 
  and that 's not even a given, 
  seriously the dude may be a crappy politician but he 's still human, 
  you look cool as fuck ? 
  jesus wtf was that, 
  i 've missed proper midsummer concacaf shitshows, 
  morrow 's haircut is fucking shit, 
  he 's quick , but he has brick feet, 
  hahaha bruce thinks that 's bullshit, 
  wow this ref is wank, 
  ncfc had open bar at their event earlier , had a rum and coke . 
  drinking water now, 
  based omarrrr, 
  i love our totally not partisan ball kid,
