  any supporters group that actively promotes blocking other people 's views are idiots, 
  my ex must be super fucking gay, 
  did the same thing , graduated in december . 
  ca n't say how grateful i am not to have student loans, 
  there 's a guy with over 2000 hours in game on there in the reviews, 
  era penal, 
  bravo fucking stonewalled them, 
  today 's a bad day to be a red shirt wearing penalty taker, 
  work in industry , can confirm, 
  kos is a top 10 center back, 
  i do n't mind . 
  we would have the same shit template all the other nike clubs have worn the last two seasons . 
  it would fit too well with the white sleeves and red body, 
  looking for advice lads ,, 
  i have been friends a girl for almost a year now . 
  i was attracted to her pretty quickly after meeting her , but did n't make a move because my life was in upheaval with graduating uni and getting a real job , so we are just friends with some fantastic chemistry . 
  fast forward to about a month ago and things are finally stable , so i ask her to dinner . 
  she says no , but expresses how terrible she feels about turning me down . 
  apparently she is n't looking for anything , and is still attracted to this guy that lives out of state even though he told her he just wants to be friends , and she views me as a friend . 
  no harm , no foul . 
  i talk to my best friend 's wife , who is very good friends with the girl i asked out , and she is very surprised that the girl rejected me , because she has expressed in the past that she had feelings for me and externally everyone though that we were pretty much an item . 
  her advice is to just wait things out because it 's going to happen eventually . 
  that was a few weeks ago . 
  me and the girl have seen each other quite frequently since then , and she has been more flirty both verbally and physically in these past few weeks than she has ever been . 
  this is the worst case of mixed signals i 've ever gotten . 
  also , i think we should sign goretzka and lacazette , mboob is overpriced, 
  xpost / r/gunners thread and inb4 glass her, 
  looking for advice lads ,, 
  i have been friends a girl for almost a year now . 
  i was attracted to her pretty quickly after meeting her , but did n't make a move because my life was in upheaval with graduating uni and getting a real job , so we are just friends with some fantastic chemistry . 
  fast forward to about a month ago and things are finally stable , so i ask her to dinner . 
  she says no , but expresses how terrible she feels about turning me down . 
  apparently she is n't looking for anything , and is still attracted to this guy that lives out of state even though he told her he just wants to be friends , and she views me as a friend . 
  no harm , no foul . 
  i talk to my best friend 's wife , who is very good friends with the girl i asked out , and she is very surprised that the girl rejected me , because she has expressed in the past that she had feelings for me and externally everyone though that we were pretty much an item . 
  her advice is to just wait things out because it 's going to happen eventually . 
  that was a few weeks ago . 
  me and the girl have seen each other quite frequently since then , and she has been more flirty both verbally and physically in these past few weeks than she has ever been . 
  this is the worst case of mixed signals i 've ever gotten . 
  also , i think we should sign goretzka and lacazette , mboob is overpriced, 
  yeah , and that might be it , she 's pretty inexperienced with the whole dating thing, 
  good idea , the fee might be lower if he is hurt, 
  cubs fan eh ? 
  so does ncsu, 
  i know for sure state 's is , i took a couple classes with nuclear guys, 
  the internet battles of the 90s are alive and well in world football, 
  inb4 firey mixtape jokes, 
  i 'll feel less disappointed if mboop stays at monaco . 
  still a quality signing though, 
  original, 
  you ca n't walk memes in fam, 
  does it bother anyone else that it feels like mls clubs are making lgbt issues a centerpiece of their pr efforts to pander to liberal millennials ? 
  i am all for equal rights and safe environments , but i feel like clubs have been so militant about this particular issue because they think it will help sell tickets , in the same way the nfl deifies veterans and patriotism to get joe the plumber to buy tickets because it 's `` american '' . 
  i think someone in the league office realized that millennials are soccer 's target demographic in this country , and they want to align the leagues moral stance to make them feel good about supporting an organization that has the same ideals as they do . 
  personally , i feel like supporter groups should self govern and the club should stay out of it . 
  wtf that 's a red, 
  hahahaha guzan dabbed, 
  ozil where mahrez is and ramsey where ozil is, 
  according to wikipedia he played 4 years with juve and inter before going to japan for a couple . 
  did n't exactly light the world up but was a serviceable striker, 
  i was n't alive then lol , but it seems like he had a fantastic tournament, 
  this should be the top comment to 95 % of question posts on this sub, 
  on a scale of broussard to woj how reliable are his sauces, 
  ahahaha the freeze, 
  do n't trust any journos except pornstein, 
  lmao my family is from tennessee , i want to go to this place now, 
  i read this in coach o 's voice, 
  seriously it 's hard to touch anywhere in my city for under 900 for one bedroom , and i do n't live in nyc/la/seattle, 
  due to socioeconomic and geographic reasons , african american communities often lack access to public swimming facilities in the us , so many black kids never learn to swim growing up , and every summer there are incidents of people drowning because they ca n't swim . 
  it 's a legit issue that disproportionately impacts black americans, 
  dunno in this particular case then . 
  it is a holiday , everyone could have been drinking, 
  bah gawd that woman had an apartment full of cats, 
  i mean it was a loan , the guy still probably wants to play and did n't have that much say in it, 
  what if they 're aggressive, 
  holding absolutely cunted him, 
  ah , that explains the light outside my hotel window last night, 
  hey man , my best advice is to just go downtown and walk around a bit . 
  raleigh is n't huge like some other american cities , but it 's pretty easy to get around on foot . 
  based on that salary you should be able to afford an apartment downtown . 
  what are some of your hobbies ? 
  rode marta to work yesterday . 
  it 's nice for long distance travel , but it still is pretty lacking in coverage, 
  live nfl games suck ass, 
  if you stay downtown you might want to see if ncfc are playing , you can take a party bus to their ground for free from the london bridge pub downtown . 
  they are our local second division soccer club . 
  everything else big here is out of season unfortunately , but in the fall we have hurricanes ice hockey and college football , and the winter/spring has more hockey and college basketball ( which is a big deal here ) in season . 
  if you want to see a baseball games the durham bulls are about 20 minutes up the road , but you would need either a car or uber to get there from downtown . 
  you might want to check out the nature research center and museum on jones street , they are cool if you are into science . 
  if you are here this weekend first friday is tomorrow - lots of people should be out and about in the evening . 
  unfortunately it 's not open yet , but we are getting an alamo drafthouse ( best theater chain in america ) near downtown in the very near future . 
  hopefully you find something you like !, 
  you alright bud ? 
  sounds pretty thitty, 
  hey man , it 's cool . 
  sounds like it 's pretty tough sledding for you right now , and honestly i do n't have a lot of advice for you , other than if your girlfriend is messing with your life , you do n't need to keep her around . 
  i just graduated from school , so i know how tough it is . 
  it gets better !, 
  you can do it !, 
  do n't forget to breathe !,
