  careful , i got down voted to shit in / r/mls for saying that, 
  here comes the meme magic, 
  bradley is a big game choker, 
  i still stand that klinsmann does not institute a winning mentality in this team . 
  there is no fluidity in the final third , and the third sub should have come a lot earlier than it did . 
  i 'm not sure how passing broke down as much as it did , but the team was missing five yard passes left and right . 
  finally , bradley was directly responsible for the turnover that led to the penalty . 
  he is a big game choker on the international stage , and no longer has the excuse of being played out of position . 
  defensively we were excellent , save the one mistake on the bacca breakaway . 
  we were fucking shit middle and going forward, 
  my first ever american football game was and air force game . 
  ruined every other flyover ever . 
  those guys do n't fuck around with the flyover . 
  honestly i feel a little hard done with a 2-0 , 2-1 or 1-1 would have been a fairer line , but for colombia , a win is a win is a win , and bradley ca n't throw away the ball leading to the penalty like that . 
  dude benzema is a fucking cunt , he deserves to be left, 
  thanks south carolina for ending that, 
  fucking french, 
  yeah , if you mean by the quality or materials . 
  my gt mountain bikes is lower mid range and cost me around $ 650 back in 2009 or so , with an aluminum frame and lower end fork and derailleurs . 
  higher end bikes can run in the multi thousands of dollars . 
  and road bikes that are made of all carbon fibre are crazy , they can cost as much as a car, 
  its a dry heat , so your sweat evaporates . 
  still , fuck qatar, 
  both refs have been great , perfect mix of calls and non calls, 
  i wish he got more minutes at arsenal this year . 
  seems like the only guy who really cares sometimes, 
  achilles tendonitis or inflammation, 
  that was a good call, 
  arsenal tula, 
  haiti played really well , poor guy :(, 
  brazil being brazil, 
  hidden in the shadows, 
  clueless american here . 
  stumbled on this after the brazil ecuador copa america game . 
  i have no idea what the hell is going on , but it 's brilliant . 
  also , the `` we love big dix '' banner in the teal teams supporters section is hilarious, 
  so i 've got that the goal is to kick it between the middle goal posts , but why does play sometimes stop around the 50 to take a kick , but other times it keeps going ? 
  is bucks the manager ? 
  judging by the score , i 'm assuming he 's not very good ? 
  so do certain players specialize in taking longer range kicks then ? 
  it seems that would be one of the easier ways to score . 
  also , what is the significance of the 50 line ? 
  so like any other coach in almost any sport then, 
  nice, 
  it would be cool to get janssen and loan him back for the year, 
  snape and anakin kill gandalf on got, 
  i 'm stuck at an nba finals party -_-, 
  morata it is, 
  colombianas , gon na need to up your game tomorrow to maintain the hottest girls of the tournament title lead, 
  he called him alexi lol, 
  friedel 's half fake english accent drives me nuts, 
  he 's on the bench so it 's possible, 
  lol no worries man , does alexis use his full name on his chile shirt ? 
  for arsenal he goes by alexis though, 
  its the giant moths, 
  damn what a fast attack, 
  this kills the chile, 
  no need for that, 
  alexis teaching them the arsenal way, 
  lol dad 's everywhere are the same about sports, 
  this is like when my 11 year old cousin is beating me in fifa . 
  brings on a striker to run up the score, 
  ayyyy so close alexis, 
  di maria loves his grandma, 
  if the product is shit , the boss should go, 
  *** fuck draymond green ***, 
  you have vatican flair because pulisic is literally jesus ? 
  win or go home, 
  i enjoy tacos, 
  i think brazil and chile are the same, 
  we look like shit, 
  yeahhhhhh, 
  its amazing what your team can do when the learn to pass, 
  the deuce is loose, 
  after watching australian rules football on fs2 after the brazil game the other night and seeing how top quality their graphics were ( from the aussie broadcaster ) it 's a joke that fox has such crap on here, 
  lol / r/soccer salty downvotes about anything pro american, 
  will the real usa please stand up, 
  i believe, 
  something something world war champs, 
  i think you have san zusi and jesus of hershey mixed up, 
  lol fuck off mate , flair up or leave the country, 
  says the guy with koln flair during an international tournament, 
  and neymar . 
  and alexis . 
  you get tied to the radiator and graped in the mouth, 
  colombianas getting back ahead in the hottest girls of the tournament title race . 
  argentina and colombia putting some distance from the rest of the field, 
  that 's cocaine money, 
  the rose bowl is enormous , it makes big crowds look small, 
  taco sharing amigo , i think your donger might be broken . 
  she 's hot but these colombian girls are banging, 
  haha , as a white guy i have a brown girl bias, 
  its getting spicy now, 
  lol finger wag guy, 
  lol, 
  magic spray sighting, 
  someone got a call in the univision booth lok, 
  mmph, 
  god damn, 
  buckle up boys it getting good,
