  cbs was going to commerical on pretty much every stoppage . 
  its ridiculous . 
  the nfl is n't much better . 
  now if you have 7 hours to kill , hearing scott hansen say `` 7 hours of commercial free football starts now '' every sunday on redzone is a beautiful , beautiful thing . 
  i made several converts yesterday, 
  beer and howling cow keep carmichael gymnasium in business, 
  honestly yesterday that was the worst place . 
  it got super crowded right near the demolition derby , but elsewhere it was n't any worse than normal . 
  it actually felt a little lighter than years past, 
  what the shit was that ? 
  this one, 
  my working theory is that we have a bunch of people driving here that are not used to an urban traffic environment , and did not learn to drive in the current traffic situation that we have . 
  i drove through new york and the length of the new jersey turnpike last year , and it occurred to me that while everyone was driving fast , and making rapid changes , people were always aware of what others around them were doing , everyone used their blinker , and in general traffic was tight but moving and controlled . 
  here , we have had so much growth that people just do n't know how to drive in moderate to heavy traffic , and get in accidents , which exacerbates the whole problem . 
  it does n't help that 40 is a hellhole right now either . 
  jones franklin onto 440 e, 
  every . 
  damn . 
  morning . 
  only the sec has bret bielema, 
  stab friend , hit facebook , lawyer up , delete this thread op, 
  yes but the maymay dictates a cold rainy tuesday night in stoke, 
  coming up the 1 , between the lane that peels off right before the buck jones ramp on the left and the bad mergers on the right , that 's what causes 90 % of the traffic, 
  do you like movies about gladiators ? 
  you picked a team with a flaming thumbtack for a logo ? 
  do n't forget `` all y' all '' for groups of more than 3 people, 
  are their burgers really ten pounds over there ? 
  that sounds like a tech you research in stellaris, 
  jeez . 
  it 's like $ 9 here for a burger fries and a drink ( with free refills ! ), 
  that 's crazy for non london prices . 
  except nandos , bless them, 
  in the middle of nowhere ? 
  lol what a dipshit, 
  in the nuts ? 
  i think it 's a black windbreaker, 
  i see the ref has decided to make himself the star of the show tonight, 
  honestly dobbs graduating wo n't be a huge loss imo , he 's so damn inaccurate, 
  yeah , but it absolutely cripples your offense when you ca n't consistently hit a man down field, 
  fi-re de-bord !, 
  dunno , he looks slow, 
  no , i think he lost some weight in the offseason and it 's caused him to lose some of his tackle breaking ability, 
  haha respect bentley, 
  `` hi , i 'm first three quarters tennessee and i have cable '', 
  god he sucks sometimes, 
  dormadyyyy, 
  choo chooooo, 
  so can you fire butch if we lose this and say kentucky ? 
  pls, 
  booooo bad call, 
  i think you justify it on losing a few more in the stretch run here , and his decision to hire debord , who has been hot shit, 
  seriously dobbs has lost us 2 games now , it 's time to bench him, 
  fire debord !, 
  bench dobbs !, 
  lol the at the nfl, 
  swiggity swooty coming for that second tie booty, 
  it 's gon na be a tie lol, 
  i bet he likes a good bourbon, 
  jeez that flair combo, 
  1 pokeman pls, 
  god damn that was fucking dirty, 
  the old manager is running it now, 
  without newks we would n't have the raleigh beer garden . 
  it 's the same owner , and he is just renting out the old hibernian building . 
  i 'm pretty sure that money was used to help start up the beer garden, 
  lester and leicester are pronounced the same way . 
  i think not . 
  my nana knew the goat, 
  it 's hard not to be romantic about baseball, 
  lol oh shit, 
  oh shit what if there 's a rain delay, 
  god must be a masochist, 
  dont you fucking do it umps dont you delay this, 
  o shit, 
  this is literally the stereotypical baseball fantasy at bat scenario, 
  why, 
  wow !, 
  this is what it 's all about . 
  pucker up boys, 
  i thought , just for a minute, 
  i can see my heartbeat through my shirt, 
  i 'm a thin blooded southerner and it 's chilly dammit, 
  the goat did this, 
  nippon ham fighters world champs confirmed, 
  play ball !, 
  honestly you could probably do one on this game, 
  trader joe 's goldfish crackers knockoffs are n't very good, 
  inspirational music and dramatic rain shot, 
  o shit, 
  so close, 
  ok maybe i was wrong about trader joe 's cheddar rockets, 
  i want moar, 
  last call for goats, 
  here we gooooooo, 
  damn that catch, 
  `` the way to a girls heart is through her stomach '', 
  f i r e d o e r e n, 
  i 'm debating sleeping for two hours or just staying up . 
  too much whiskey last night, 
  ah yes , i was in high school with the guy that got murdered .
