  top 8 is not as far off as it might seem . 
  since nate seems like too nice a guy to say it , fuck off you cunt . 
  there are a ton of people out there myself included that have gone through shit . 
  we are n't all bitter assholes like you are content to wallow in self pity . 
  you want to make a positive change in this occasionally shitty world ? 
  go out and do something instead of just tearing others down . 
  good fucking night . 
  you seem to like talking about yourself . 
  why do n't you inform the rest of the world why you are entitled to act like a cunt . 
  also for christ 's sake , stop using `` platitudes . '', 
  was that on your last 8th grade vocabulary list or something ? 
  well then , how would you suggest he help ? 
  once again you have failed to add a scrap of constructive contribution to the discussion . 
  who knows . 
  by then the power conferences could be independent and have their own network . 
  how has your life changed since the amputations ? 
  are you still able to perform normal day to day activities somewhat easily ? 
  what in your opinion is the biggest challenge you have faced , other than the actual disease itself ? 
  i remember hearing about you in the news , glad to see you are doing well !, 
  yeah like that , but like for the whole ncaa or whatever you would call the umbrella organization for the big 5 . 
  theoretically if they had a network that had rights to all the games , including big ones , the likes of espn or fox could have open air time on the weekends around the time of a winter world cup . 
  im not sure if this would be financially plausible . 
  it could be more profitable to sell the broadcast rights . 
  im not an expert in media economics . 
  eh that 's not entirely true . 
  my dad is a software engineer , able to support an upper middle class family on his income alone . 
  a lot of his similarly payed collegues had their jobs shipped to india in the last 10-12 years . 
  and he has been hurt a lot i believe, 
  this is concacaf man . 
  it is the ~ ~ wild west ~ ~ syrian civil war out there . 
  holy shit . 
  i just realized the indian guy who hit my car last year was driving a camry . 
  relevant username . 
  guy did the same to me . 
  my element held up well though . 
  only a few plastic stress marks . 
  his whole front end was destroyed, 
  i think the population difference is where the issue arises . 
  like the most `` american '' vacation is a roadtrip , and you can go driving for hours and it look exactly the same , but in america we have different people and different regional cultures which make it interesting . 
  3 hours west - mountains . 
  3 hours east - outer banks . 
  its great !, 
  you should check out / r/mls or / r/naslsoccer, 
  6 ' 4 '' here . 
  hows the weather down there ? 
  if you let me sit on your shoulders , we could conquer the world, 
  but the downvote brigade does !, 
  im american dog, 
  as a tall guy , fuck wooden roller coasters in general, 
  at that point right now . 
  decided this week the only way out is up . 
  already feeling better !, 
  it 's actually my 5 megapixel phone camera with some editing haha . 
  was up on mount washington and that was what i had to work with at the time . 
  nope . 
  good old fashioned sec watching southerner american, 
  as a disclaimer , i am biased . 
  i know just from going to railhawks games there is plenty of awareness and support of the game in the community already . 
  there is a big soccer culture at the three universities in the area , and if you take it as anything soccer.com is headquartered about 30 minutes north of where the railhawks play . 
  wakemed just recently had a second tier of seating added , and it pretty regularly fills up , even for regular old nasl league games , let alone us open cup games against mls sides or other friendlies . 
  i do n't think if the railhawks jumped up to mls right this instant they would be successful , but given another 5-7 years , i think they could definitely successful . 
  we can go 50-50 if you want . 
  i think our first target should be a 35 year old mario balotelli . 
  it 's not like we are able to buy in next year . 
  i bet they are high quality too coming from italy, 
  carolina, 
  can someone gif magee picking his nose ? 
  if wozniacki supports liverpool ... wonder how that one works, 
  glad to see all two of you are on reddit !, 
  i personally think the new crest looks cool , but what was the point . 
  did he think asians would be attracted to a team with a dragon on their crest ? 
  bonus points for unique color scheme, 
  i think what wenger has done with the players he has been given has been solid over the last few years , it is the wage structure and transfer behavior that needs to be overhauled . 
  that is the stupidest thing i have ever heard . 
  he has paper skin and glass bones . 
  there are lots of them at hurricanes games, 
  thanks for the idea , shorty, 
  fine then, 
  an image would be great . 
  or text . 
  haha i 'm up for whatever is easier . 
  i was good until skipped periods . 
  then i started dry heaving . 
  this is my favorite story in this thread, 
  ahh . 
  nothing like mixing painkillers with alcohol and looking at tits with your son . 
  good times . 
  y' all 's last year looked like something i would set as a powerpoint background in sixth grade, 
  although there was something almost classically horrible about the away shirts . 
  i feel they will have some fans a ways down the road . 
  this story is believable because it is your uncle . 
  that is such an uncle thing to do, 
  im a yankee fan . 
  fuck all y' all . 
  and a roid, 
  add `` staho '' while you are at it, 
  i do n't think it is that . 
  it 's just that the bpl is a lot easier to market to americans because it is english . 
  if the average american has the choice between manchester city v chelsea or bayer leverkusen v borussia dortmund , they are, 
  probably going to pick the city/chelsea game .
