  like really fucking big . 
  so you may be stretched thin trying to hit both the east and west coast in one trip . 
  maybe focus on either an east coast trip or west coast ? 
  other than that , if you do go to florida , i would spend a lot of time in disney world . 
  it is the best orlando theme park imo , and is unlike anything in the world in scale and detail . 
  i see . 
  that is a rather unique circumstance . 
  in any case , best of luck to you then, 
  we are so shit, 
  preview of next seasons lineup . 
  get ready for 8th place lads, 
  i think wenger needs to go as well , but there is major defecits along the back line and in the midfield . 
  honestly i do n't know if this entire crop of players in the middle save cazorla are top of the prem quality , and cazorla is in his twilight . 
  we desperately need a new left back , and bellerin quite frankly has been shit since signing the new contract . 
  i think it is hard to make any firm judgement on our strikers because the midfield can not string more than three passes together , so they have not been getting good service . 
  overall , a whole overhaul of the squad is needed along with a new manager . 
  or fire arrows to the canister on their chest after they are stunned and on the ground, 
  in my league , i 'm at a crossroads , with 7 time league mvp markelle fultz on the decline . 
  i 've made it to the eastern conference finals or finals the last four years , going down in 7 to the spurs last season , but this draft class is absolutely loaded . 
  do i mortgage the future to make the push for a third and fourth ring for fultz , cementing him as the goat , or do i break up the party , trading fultz and his younger one time mvp counterpart sly bartlett for picks to load up on young , promising prospects . 
  wenger is gone for sure after this, 
  free to park in some industrial park and run across train tracks at wakemed ? 
  thor is the senate confirmed, 
  * welcome to shcotland *, 
  asheboro cookout is pretty lit, 
  duke losing to mercer a few years back in raleigh was glorious . 
  the fans in front of me rage quit the rest of the weekend sessions so i had a whole row to myself in pnc, 
  this is like some 5 grade math word problem shit, 
  i mean , michigan has been a shithole for 30 years , immigrants are n't going to make it any worse, 
  i do n't understand how hiring managers feel it 's acceptable to say they will call back on a certain day , then completely ignore that self created deadline . 
  if i did that for my job i would be fired ... 
  got ta match those ratings tho . 
  if op 's wife is only a 6 and the friend 's is a dime piece , op is going to need to find another asset to make this deal work, 
  getting pissed tonight for my best friends 21st, 
  / r/trailerparkgirls ( nsfw ), 
  waive the cash , add op 's dog and get the friend 's goldfish on a trade and release deal and this might work, 
  `` player to be named '', 
  they had an affiliation with chelsea for a while . 
  i knew a couple girls that went all over europe to showcase tournaments right at the beginning of highschool with other casl players, 
  dead bear on a bench during exams is the high water mark of ncsu pranks , methinks, 
  we are a okay ditching it, 
  damn that 's got ta be one of the best movie weekends ever, 
  your username sounds like a basketball gm regen, 
  minnesota is pretty fucking shit, 
  greensboro sends its regards, 
  just the right amount of stomach chubbiness is perfect . 
  not too little , not too much, 
  i majored in bleach drinking, 
  * triggered *, 
  til, 
  i roadkilled three rats near meridian on a charger last night, 
  the first time i fought a bellowback in the wild i snuck up behind it and stabbed it in the ass, 
  vivek is that you, 
  it 's $ 35 per month or $ 360 annually, 
  i do n't even like the city of greensboro and would love to see it, 
  europa league style, 
  pls no, 
  you 're an all star, 
  no one 's going to see this , but this week i got offered an entry level job in my field , a field donald trump is doing his damnedest to kill here in the us . 
  needless to say i 'm absolutely ecstatic , 
  got a job in the solar industry after graduating in december !, 
  super excited, 
  for my interview they assessed how fast i could take apart and reassemble a microwave, 
  d r e a m t e a m, 
  thanks !, 
  i was getting a little worried tbh, 
  football scores for football schools so far, 
  during the morning rush i see state troopers ever three overpasses on 540, 
  i actually have a pretty solid dataset for this - my dad has been running an online pool for 20 years now ( i 'm pretty sure he was one of the first , some of his features predate espn/cbs by like 5 or 6 years ) and looking back on our history , the winner usually has about 65 % of their picks correct , with the range varying to 57 % to 75 % or so . 
  we count upsets as a team three seeds lower winning , and those are worth double points for the respective round the pick is in . 
  that will sometimes lead to the winner of the pool having a slightly lower number of picks correct but winning because they picked upsets better . 
  wait a minute, 
  i think i was implied last night, 
  oh those are the final percentages !, 
  the leader in mine is currently at 94 % . 
  i 'm sitting 3rd at 84 %, 
  wenger out, 
  someone get the copypasta, 
  although we are approaching maximum spookiness this year, 
  half my final four gone today -_-, 
  it 's entry level . 
  i 'm fresh out of ncsu . 
  on their environmental team , i 'm an environmental scientist, 
  team brioche over here, 
  pittsburgh was the first city i explored solo as a teenager , so it has a special place for me . 
  my best friend really likes cleveland for some reason, 
  dunno about what you 're asking for specifically , but generally the drier a summer is for a particular region , the more brilliant fall colors will be , so you might be able to gauge it by monitoring precipitation for the area, 
  bio urns , become tree , spend afterlife sequestering carbon, 
  in england at least , they have places to bet right on the main concourse of stadiums . 
  i had to double take when i was there, 
  i 'm debating turning my current phone into a travel phone . 
  i want to upgrade to a pixel soon , but do n't necessarily want to shell out the cash to buy it outright , so it wo n't be unlocked initially . 
  my phone now is old and slow , but unlocked , so with some reconfiguring could be turned into a travel phone . 
  it 's treason once again, 
  i kind of like red hat to be there though . 
  it 's nice to be able to walk from the bar to a show, 
  is your dentist dr. 
  strange, 
  your lips get fucking chapped because those people seem to sublimate water from the air instead of drinking anything, 
  i have a recurring dream about doing the same thing , except with tuna .
