  it 's dead jim, 
  * the sun is a deadly lazer *, 
  curious what he 's basing his claim off of, 
  i think miami pretty much kills tampa . 
  i do n't see how mls goes to three teams in florida that quick , especially after getting burned so bad by the state in the 90s, 
  with current league leadership , no . 
  i do think we will see it in usl ( second division ) when nasl dies off and the clubs that come from that league merge with usl . 
  currently there are a mixture of independent clubs and mls reserve teams , and there have been talks of having usl be the official tier 2 league , and then creating a usl 2 as tier 3 , with the reserve teams making up the bulk of that league . 
  eventually you might even see pro/rel between usl 2 and npsl , but that is further down the road than even a two league usl system, 
  pro/rel in college football would be amazing , but the conference structured tv deals would totally make this not work, 
  coming from an ncfc supporter , nasl is on it 's deathbed , especially if san francisco folds . 
  i would love a euro style independent league structure , but the centralized usl and mls model 's have proved to be more stable in america, 
  i would love to see spurs sent to vladivostok for a european game, 
  ehh , maybe not the best comparison . 
  the big 12 got screwed over by texas wanting their own tv network . 
  if they had gone the way of the sec or pac 12 the league would be in a much better situation right now, 
  because this guy probably has a city , bayern and neymar barca shirt in is closet too . 
  nice !, 
  i 'm in the solar industry , makes me love this club even more, 
  maybe he 's on vacation, 
  so what you are saying is the entire region is a fucking terrorist incubator ? 
  forgive me but how are they any different from bayer leverkusen or wolfsburg ? 
  both started as extensions of corporations, 
  arsenal is on at 7 am , ncfc plays at 7 pm, 
  comcast brings out the jack sparrow in all of us, 
  it makes sense in the us . 
  there is a lot less financial risk for lower league owners to try the new system, 
  sure , pv arrays do n't need full sun to work . 
  the same module will operate more effectively in southern spain as opposed to london , but with enough panels you could definitely power the emirates . 
  in some respects the environment is actually a bit better - pv module are more efficient at cooler temperatures . 
  i swapped soda for beer . 
  not sure if it 's healthier , but i only drink beer a couple days a week so i think it is, 
  mate do n't say that we have an itk now, 
  wan na do an exchange for a month ? 
  lol the casual jab at spurs, 
  bum buuuuum bummmm bum bum bum, 
  i see you joe willock, 
  seriously just expressing that you miss someone goes so far . 
  it took me a long time to realize people do n't just know your emotions inherently, 
  hey if it makes you feel better , i was similar , and in college i lived off campus and worked a lot so i did n't forge a lot of close friendships . 
  my buddy got a serious girlfriend and i was pretty lonely , but after college circumstances changed and my inner core of friends grew to about 6 . 
  just saying , things can and will change , so do n't assume you will always be in the same situation socially, 
  do you know if they still stock them ? 
  i kinda have a thing for artistic maps, 
  he and his wife split today , he might stick around yet if he does n't have a lot going on in his personal life, 
  nice, 
  steve bruce has been friendly with arsenal since, 
  san francisco is a shithole, 
  dirty myrtle , mos eisley of the spring breaker crowd, 
  better than optimus prime 's butthole, 
  this comment is the first i 've heard of it . 
  will also go check it out, 
  hey , how 's the beer scene in grand rapids ? 
  i 'm probably going to be up that way for work soonish, 
  i thought deshaun watson was supposed to be the most complete rookie qb in years, 
  ah , being from raleigh i am very familiar with delusional panthers fans . 
  get goff behind a line that is constructed out of something stronger than wet tissue paper and get back to me . 
  dak has the benefit of the best offensive line in football . 
  i expect a regression to the mean for him this season, 
  why you so salty bro . 
  watson is going to bust and dak will have the same amount of rings as cam newton has super bowl fumble recoveries, 
  11 pm december 31st 2017 `` cam , dak , and deshaun are trash ass quarterbacks '', 
  yup , nothing wrong with being low key . 
  as much as they say it does n't , coming into a season with high expectations puts more pressure on the players, 
  i started a new job a little over a month ago now , and i alternate on an almost daily basis between admiring my boss and his abilities to do what we do skillfully , and wanting to punch him in the face because he is not a good man manager . 
  it 's a very interesting dichotomy that i am trying to mentally wrap my head around, 
  try korean wings . 
  so good, 
  huddersfield i think has a terrible one, 
  nope that 's charlotte . 
  we are alive and well, 
  lol a tobacco road world cup would be funny . 
  north carolinian here , learn some more about my state before shitting on it please, 
  dude you really need to read up on american soccer support . 
  things have fundamentally shifted in the last 5 years, 
  sexy, 
  oh no i think it would work perfectly fine , i just think the image of all these celebrities and international soccer stars descending on college basketball and football country funny, 
  like i could see a messi or neymar or ronaldo walking into bojangles and no one recognizing him, 
  i understood that reference, 
  inb4 vardy party counter attack goal, 
  they 're playing as wingbacks, 
  are you referring to koscielny or kolisinac ? 
  kos is hurt , kola is playing at left wing back , and el neny is at center back, 
  its gon na be a good season lads, 
  excellent defensive contribution from lacazette, 
  shoot the fucking ball danny, 
  i think ospina would have had that, 
  kyle martino is a hack commentator, 
  he 's a cunt, 
  fuck mike dean, 
  dat guy, 
  our defending is absolutely shit . 
  cech needs to be benched, 
  lack of leadership in the defense, 
  i feel a late walcott goal coming on, 
  win it, 
  fuck the haters, 
  fuck mike dean, 
  kolasinac just became my favorite player, 
  whelp i 'm leaving work 20 minutes early , time for a beer,
