  they really just need to go full college football, 
  `` oh baby moab all over my face ! '', 
  - osama bin laden , probably, 
  ahh just started my last semester , good luck !, 
  why go then ? 
  i 'm never going to go to mine, 
  as an nc state senior , you should n't go to unc, 
  jk jk , those are all great schools !, 
  what is your favorite thing ? 
  it depends on what state you are in but in general we are pretty shitty drivers . 
  i almost die like twice a week on my commute, 
  blue moon is owned by coors i think now . 
  yaaaaassssss i splurged on some fancy colombian coffee and it tasted like donkey ass compared to my regular 8 o'clock, 
  or there is only a certain limit to how good brew coffee can be ? 
  i 've had enough italian espresso to know what good coffee is , but sometimes i just want 20 oz of caffeine in the morning, 
  i think bellerin was in the line of sight for him , so i wonder if he thought just that . 
  we 're so fucked if he leaves, 
  was that a nike commercial ? 
  as an american about to graduate , this is my dream, 
  wow , that is an awesome story !, 
  i 've already started to position things so that i can grab an opportunity if it presents itself . 
  my degree program lends itself better to be based in one location , but i 've started to try to specialize myself into an area that can be done on a laptop anywhere in the world . 
  ive also had the opportunity to travel in the last 12 months and made some really good friends around europe , so i would n't be totally jumping into the deep end alone . 
  the one thing that scares me is proximity to family if something bad happens . 
  my uncle is in the icu right now and my cousin was barely able to hop a cross country flight from california to be with him , as the situation is very touch and go . 
  that type of journey is only complicated more when you are crossing oceans and national borders . 
  i figure i can return the favor since europeans have been coming over here for 400 years, 
  snapchat is dog shit on android, 
  actually kigali has gotten fairly tourist friendly of late , until there was some political unrest recently with burundi, 
  get a roku , it was beautiful for me, 
  this is awesome, 
  my personal experience with rdu is that you either get a really good deal or super expensive , depending on how far out the flight is , albeit with international itineraries . 
  depending on your budget , you might want to look at flights from atlanta or one of the big north eastern airports , or flying from here to lax and then making the jump from there on a separate ticket . 
  personally , i 've usually booked my flights about three to four months in advance , but of course ymmv . 
  aaron rodgers, 
  i wanted mannion to play last year, 
  it 's week 2 of the preseason for fuck 's sake . 
  it 's too early to draw any conclusions positive or negative at this point, 
  true , but at this point sanchez is a known quantity, 
  seriously ? 
  that 's the most retarded system i 've ever heard, 
  i 'm too tall , my head always hits the top and bends my neck forward -_-, 
  ups guy here !, 
  your best bet is going to be using one of the major courier services . 
  they are more reliable than postal services as a ) employees tend to be more trustworthy and b ) your items will be in the same system from shipment to delivery , with no hand off between services . 
  one thing i can tell you , do n't try shipping electronics , cell phones especially . 
  for whatever reason , dealing with mexican customs for those items is the biggest pain in the ass , and more often than not they get rejected and you have to pay for return shipping or abandon the item, 
  good good , let the orange flow through you, 
  that would be my suggestion . 
  basically , ship whatever could be replaced fairly easily , and carry with you what would be hard or expensive . 
  my suspicion is shipping studio gear would get you slapped with hella import taxes, 
  kid how young are you ? 
  those guys were my icons in the third grade, 
  mother . 
  yeah but you do n't get a nice piece of paper saying you learned calc iii, 
  ah yes , my favorite cocktail , the bourbon bourbon, 
  i have thrown up from drinking precisely twice , and once was from about 8 of these in an hour, 
  i think we gave city our barcaitus, 
  we 're going to get gladbach are n't we, 
  pending the outcome of the next couple of days , we aught to win the group i think , especially if matuidi is really off to juve, 
  tough draw for liverpool, 
  on paper spurs have the easiest group , but making that trip to russia is never easy, 
  do n't be a puto bby, 
  are you the mj murcott who makes the cool youtube videos ? 
  my uncle died last weekend . 
  he was an alcoholic for most of his life , but had gotten things together , was sober for five or six years , was running a very successful art store in his college town . 
  his ex girlfriend from college way back in the day died last year , and for some reason that kicked him right off the wagon , even though he has been in his second marriage for years now . 
  we knew he had been drinking again , but were n't sure how bad it was . 
  he was hospitalized the weekend before after my aunt found him on the floor passed out after returning home from a business trip . 
  he shuttled between icu and critical care for the better part of the week , then declined quickly with massive organ failure and infection . 
  everyone is taking it surprisingly well , given that he was young . 
  alcohol is a dangerous thing . 
  it can be the key to the best nights of your life , and the worst, 
  lawyer up , hit the gym , delete facebook , and glass her, 
  if he wants to set you up with her , see if you can hang out in a group . 
  if it is you and him and two girls , she should get the intentions pretty quickly if she is n't dense , and then let things go from there, 
  i 've only been in indiana for like 6 hours in my lifetime and almost got killed in a tornado while i was there, 
  technically , you are n't required to get any holiday except for federal holidays in the us . 
  usually companies have more than that , but it is n't required by law . 
  what were you looking at studying in bristol ? 
  i 've been sniffing around their masters programs this week, 
  josh gordon is the victim of bullshit nfl testing rules though . 
  why does an nfl player have a more stringent thc concentration threshold than a commercial pilot in the us ? 
  manziel is just a crackhead, 
  how are people comfortable with that ? 
  i noticed it a lot in london , but if the other guy is saying you can get ticketed immediately for littering on camera , that is freaking 1984, 
  haha i 've been doing the exact same thing . 
  i did n't know about the exploding head episode , that was pretty unstar trek like, 
  just talk to her lol . 
  girls are just people too . 
  talk to her like you would another guy , then she will warm up to you , and then progress from there, 
  death , taxes , drogba scoring on arsenal, 
  dude that is the key , just got ta get that one common interest and then work it from there . 
  or tequila . 
  that has helped me with the ladies as well, 
  my girlfriend lives in bristol so i would love to be there . 
  it seems like a really cool town , from what little bit i have been there . 
  comp sci is a good field to get into , for sure . 
  i was looking at their geospatial analytics program , but we will see . 
  i 'm an environmental sciences major right now,
