  he 's actually been on a tear in mls recently lol . 
  he 's shit for england , but not half bad in lower leagues, 
  [ what the fuck espn ] ( http://www.espnfc.us/story/337901/young-boys-wankdorf-erection-relief ), 
  [ how 's the new stadium project been ? 
  ] ( http://www.espnfc.us/story/337901/young-boys-wankdorf-erection-relief ), 
  thanks, 
  they actually killed her because her actress felt she was n't getting enough good writing and wanted to leave the show haha, 
  aussie rules is like drunk rugby . 
  it 's beautiful, 
  parisians were lovely , especially on the heels of the attacks last year, 
  i absolutely love iceland , but i suggest doing it as it 's own trip . 
  i 've done both the quick stopover in the city and the country as a whole , and the real beauty of iceland is in the countryside, 
  i 'm about to graduate in december , this had helped put my mind at ease for my future plans a bit . 
  thank you !, 
  damn we 're getting bank shots and pick and roll . 
  these guys need to lay off the 2k playing, 
  the denial is so true . 
  my uncle died of liver failure last weekend . 
  he and my aunt were in total denial that he had fallen off the wagon after 8 or 9 years sober that they said he had n't been drinking even when he was in icu, 
  no my cousins found hundreds of beer cans in bags behind his studio, 
  or take the monorail !, 
  i was playing pickup football and went to tackle this really big guy , and he fell on top of me and i landed ass first . 
  i got a nice chiropractic adjustment from the ground and my tailbone was sore off and on for a month afterwards, 
  talib is a cunt . 
  who is n't smart enough to not shoot himself in the leg, 
  he made three or four super nice down field throws last night that got dropped after hitting the receiver right in the hands . 
  and that one pass that cooper caught , i think was to the man streaking down field so it was n't off target, 
  why should a guy get cut for not buying into the pseudo patriotism bs the dod pays the nfl to push though ? 
  if hes a crappy football player , sure he should n't play , but you 're walking the line when a guy voices a political view that is n't discriminatory or hateful and gets cut for it, 
  i grabbed ap off the scrap heap after the switching incident , he 's my 16th or 17th round keeper . 
  charles had been my first rounder for a few years , but i let him go . 
  im drafting 5th and really hoping elliot falls to me, 
  there has been talk of changing the rules in my league , as there have been some notorious big name late season pickups for keeper purposes for guys who were on ir all year , but for right now that 's how we do it . 
  well my love for the club got me to visit england to see a game . 
  but seriously fuck milton keynes it 's a shithole, 
  mate i went to england to see england not a shit knock off of america, 
  not like the uk . 
  they are picking up steam though , the main road by my uni has been torn to hell for a year because they are replacing the cross street intersections with round abouts . 
  for me the top 3 are london toronto and nyc , but i 'm biased towards north america, 
  haha i 'm just biased , my friends wanted to wait around the big ass mall you guys have for another friend who was working . 
  i wanted to go into london . 
  your mall is just like american malls , so i was salty for wasting a good day of time in london to hang out at some generic mall . 
  did see star wars there though , so not all bad, 
  are you american or canadian ? 
  imo the order goes, 
  huh . 
  i met i nice girl from birmingham over there and was into her accent . 
  but lots of tequila was consumed that night , so maybe that 's what it was, 
  i like that it 's not touristy like nyc . 
  and my friend got drunk and disorderly at a frat party and instead of arresting him the cops just brought him home . 
  so gg toronto pd, 
  it 's like george running a sports team, 
  yeah that 's is half of where the shittiness came from, 
  check his username, 
  i like this plan the best . 
  to me it is unfathomable to send him away all year, 
  cold tea haram !, 
  i think i saw a poster for something similar at crank arm, 
  my dad was over there in 1993 and had to navigate the magic roundabout in a jet lagged state his first time in a right hand drive car . 
  it was late so he ended up just driving right across the middle of the smaller outside ones lol, 
  holy shit is it really $ 400 ? 
  hey from raleigh !, 
  i 'm also a vol fan , and tbh he should have stayed for his senior season . 
  the dude could ball but was raw from lack of game time . 
  honestly i think if he had stayed on one more year he is probably gets drafted and ends up on a roster somewhere, 
  you have the most wisconsiny flair user combo, 
  has anyone looked at mdma as a potential ligament tissue regeneration agent ? 
  and then beeline gunpowder, 
  also to add , arrow has student discounts on mondays and tuesdays i believe, 
  he still plays though !, 
  madden is trash, 
  jesus what is it this month . 
  a friend of mine and a friend of mine 's father both committed suicide in the past two weeks, 
  thanks, 
  aka the mo of the climate reality project, 
  no i should clarify , different families, 
  this single handedly got me to wear a state shirt to class today instead of a ut shirt, 
  this team looks like shit, 
  lol refs, 
  how ? 
  the app player was low to the ground . 
  you ca n't help it if the guy positions himself to get hit in the head . 
  refs fucked up the touchdown , and fucked up that, 
  if the ball breaks the plane before hitting the ground you can score on the recovery, 
  hopefully nasl forces mls to decentralize from the joke of a league structure it has now . 
  it 's a shame because they are approaching , imo , soccer the right way with independent clubs , but they do n't have enough spending power to draw the talent to have high quality play or better infrastructure . 
  if mls ever wants to be taken seriously , pro-rel needs to happen , and garber needs to go . 
  nah per kroenke 's orders you 'll get strung up in the tower of london, 
  i was wondering why i was n't enjoying the ut-app game last night . 
  i mean , it might have been the ut offensive play calling giving me cancer , but i think it was probably the commercials, 
  personally i think it 's ridiculous , but to look at it a bit more cynically , it came out not that long ago that the department of defense was paying the nfl tons of money to have patriotic activities at games - giant flags , salutes to service of the soldiers , the teams would wear camo accented gear for a month etc. 
  basically the nfl has become a recruiting tool for the military . 
  honestly in my opinion , this whole protest is n't a big deal if it does n't directly conflict with what one of the nfl 's income streams is pushing, 
  where you headed up here ? 
  oh cool i got you now . 
  right now the storm is predicted to hit nc tomorrow , and is going to be east of raleigh . 
  cut up through atlanta-spartanburg-charlotte and you should be fine . 
  might be rainy but nothing too ugly . 
  be careful on the mountain roads though , they can be sketchy, 
  hey man , sorry to hear .
