  reddit fucking sucks now, 
  really ? 
  i found out about it from my local news, 
  erdogan was democratically elected ya dingus, 
  and i 'm sure the turkish people will respond in the next election, 
  and if erdogan pulls a stunt like that he 'll have to deal with nato and the eu . 
  you can get away with that in venezuela when their biggest geopolitical contribution is oil prices . 
  turkey is strategically critical against isis and russia . 
  holy shit, 
  upton sinclair would like a word, 
   they only know how to rule one way , and lest we forget , the people themselves only know how to be ruled one way . 
  that 's an interesting statement from someone who actually lives in the region . 
  as an american one of the most anti war or isolationist sentiments i hear is that , particularly in the middle east , the people do not want democracy like in the west . 
  this usually devolves into philosophical arguments about the western savior complex , but i digress ... 
  peyton would n't win florida because of his time at ut, 
  half the video is tits and ass lol, 
  no i follow this guy on ig , they used seed with interspersed artificial blades of grass to stimulate growth of something . 
  it is new apperently and super cool, 
  wait so that 's an actual thing then ? 
  m e t a, 
  very !, 
  looking through his old pics i think there used to be sod squares or pallets they used , but this is a new system, 
  i 'm in it right now . 
  its actually a really fun class . 
  harrington is pretty cool , and she has us doing lifting and body weight stuff along with cycling . 
  i 'm not the most in shape guy , but i can go 4 days a week and not feel like i want to die . 
  oh cool i did n't know my teenage bedroom had a soccer team, 
  fat goalie here , can confirm, 
  bear fight to darude-sandstorm, 
  i 'm always scared guys like that are going to break . 
  they just look unstable, 
  or you use gillette razors because bic razors chop the fuck out of your face ? 
  i have never purchased a product based solely on the manufacturer having naming rights to a stadium for a team i like . 
  the coliseum is a national historic site , so i do n't think it can be renamed, 
  yeah but everyone knows about the heinz master race, 
  nah mccrory is fucked . 
  this is just the cherry on top of his shit sundae for voters, 
  i was in iceland last summer and my friend there got hunts at the grocery store in reykjavik , so i asked her why she got hunts , and she goes `` it 's the good kind , no one here eats the shitty kind '' as she pointed to heinz . 
  i had to explain to her how the rest of the civilized world likes their ketchup . 
  a lot of the luster has worn off for me in the last week or so . 
  i still play it a little because i 'm on campus 5 days a week for summer class and there are a ton of pokestops and gyms here , but when i get a break before fall semester i probably will stop playing unless there is a big update to the features and server reliability, 
  somewhat relevant tgi friday 's story time . 
  so last october , my best friend got married . 
  we all traveled up to new york for the wedding , as his wife is from a little town about an hour upstate from the city and all her family still lives there . 
  being a dutiful best man , i research options for a bachelor party . 
  i run into a problem . 
  there are some benefits and drawbacks to living in a town so close to new york - you get the ability to make a quick day trip to the greatest city in the world with all of its vices , amenities , and experiences . 
  but at the same time , all the small towns near the city have absolutely no need to provide any sort of entertainment for their residents , as most of them go into the city for fun . 
  there was absolutely nothing to do for my buddy 's party , and time was quickly running out . 
  he was ( is ) a little bit whipped , and since the wedding party arrived late on a friday and the wedding was on saturday morning , his bride to be strictly forbade a party in new york ( i tried to hatch many hangoveresque plots , but he declined to go along ) . 
  finally , we settled on getting a case of yuengling and bullshitting about old times . 
  not really my first choice of a party , but it is what he wanted , so that 's what we did . 
  things are going well , there are about 8 or 9 of us total , and it is starting to get a little bit rowdy . 
  finally , 1 am rolls around , and the groom decides he needs to go to bed . 
  important day and all tomorrow . 
  we protest , but he goes on his way . 
  another group of guys split off from us soon afterwards . 
  i think they wanted to chase bridesmaids . 
  this leaves the 4 groomsmen ( one of whom i had to retrieve from toronto police last month , but that is another story for another time ) left . 
  all of us are sufficiently beered to not be able to drive . 
  we probably should go to bed , but by god its a bachelor party and i 'll be damned if we go to bed before 2 . 
  we look for a new theater for our drunken shenangians . 
  being bumfuck upstate new york , the only place in walking distance ? 
  we stumble our way to the restaurant , about a quarter mile from our hotel . 
  i lead the motley crew into the restaurant , rather surprised by how lively the place is well into the early morning hours of saturday . 
  we grab the last four seats at the large 4 sided bar . 
  a kind of greasy looking 20 something guy comes up to us . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's been drinking . 
  we tell him we want food and beer , in large quantities . 
  `` have you heard about our appetizer happy hour ? '', 
  he asks . 
  let me tell you , nothing sounds better when you are somewhat drunk than the combination of greasy , spicy , cheesy microwaved food and `` happy hour . '', 
  we decide to do that , and deliberate on what to order more than the english deliberated brexit . 
  finally , we think we come to a consensus . 
  i get the guy 's attention . 
  `` sorry guys , '' he says `` the kitchen actually stops taking orders at 2 . '', 
  we were very disappointed . 
  `` do n't worry though , i took care of you guys . '', 
  we ask what that means . 
  he just smiles , and darts to the other side of the bar . 
  about five minutes go by , and i 'm sipping a frosty mug of samuel adams octoberfest . 
  my one buddy is telling me about some girl that blew him last week , and i 'm somewhat tuned out watching espn on the screens at the bar . 
  our waiter reappears . 
  he has two plates , one with classic potato skins , and the other with some unholy concoction called `` peanut butter and jelly wings . '', 
  we thank him , and tear into the food . 
  the wings are surprisingly good , and a drunk food sort of way . 
  the waiter comes back . 
  he has two more plates of food . 
  we are somewhat confused , but thank him again . 
  about five minutes pass , then he comes back again . 
  with someone else . 
  they both have two more plates . 
  at this point , the bar surface is completely covered with appetizers . 
  `` dude , how much food did you order us ? '', 
  i ask . 
  `` two of everything ! '', 
  he says . 
  what the fuck . 
  i try to make sense of this . 
  alcohol prevents me .
