  since cazorla broke , we have n't been the same team . 
  i think that if he had stayed healthy , especially during the season leicester won , we would have won the league, 
  they are two totally different types of players, 
  i 'm proud to graduate from the lonnie poole school of giving him the business, 
  he 's gon na be our scrappy gym rat receiver, 
  thanks ? 
  source : nc state shit, 
  but oh so true, 
  i think it 's highly unlikely any nc school ever wins a national championship and will struggle to win the acc . 
  the talent pool in the state is too diluted between us , unc , ecu , and even app , let alone out of state schools . 
  but you ca n't deny either us ( mostly us ) , the refs , or cosmic forces tend to fuck us over, 
  i have a small spot in the corner of my left eye , my brain just fills in the blank unless i specifically hold something where i know i ca n't see it, 
  is this cumulative or periodic, 
  hahahaha jewnited, 
  alternatively artemis, 
  so ugly it 's classic, 
  my man, 
  student discount on tuesdays, 
  if you support arsenal , not the rams . 
  trust me , you only want one team in the kronkeverse . 
  if you support anyone other than arsenal , the rams , because we are infinitely better than the cardinals in each in every way ^ ( totally ^ ^ unbiased ), 
  because goff is le-terally the worst quarterback in nfl history and the rams ( dae 8-8 ) are idiots for drafting him, 
  i know right it really should be `` wot is everywon cloppin fowr cunts ? '', 
  i got to ride in a helicopter for work wednesday . 
  as we landed all these people on the golf course nearby started taking pictures , and the next group of people to get on included the former ceo of maersk , who was there when the dude tom hanks played in that movie got kidnapped by somalian pirates . 
  vr is the next 3d tv, 
  enjoy ~ ~ burton ~ ~ duluth away cunts !, 
  i did a demo with a vive . 
  very cool but i ca n't feel like it will go the way of wii motion controls , cool but ultimately a novelty, 
  i 've tried vive , i still think it 's a fad, 
  not sure if they do this for lunch but for dinner they just reheat their slices in an oven . 
  i was n't overly impressed, 
  this actually makes the most sense, 
  my cousin works at uc berkeley and covered the antifa protests there for the school social media accounts . 
  they do just as much if not more property damage as the white supremacists and they tried to tear gas him when he was recording them on his phone, 
  bah gawd is that western european socialism 's music ? 
  seriously reddit is full of ignorant teenagers who think stalin castro chavez and che were good guys, 
  wenger out, 
  fire wenger , sell ox , send welbeck to the youth team, 
  fair warning he 's shit, 
  the whole club is shit, 
  this was my first thought as well lol, 
  i 've made my fair share of criticism of cech this season and last , but fair play , this is what the team needs, 
  maybe he 's friends with jihad ward, 
  i mean mom has to be somewhat athletic too . 
  hot chicks do n't necessarily equate to athletic ability, 
  i get 15 vacation/sick days and 6 paid holidays, 
  it 's a fairly involved process , but there are lots of tutorials out there , just google it . 
  all you need is an amazon fire stick, 
  see : neymar, 
  ayyy i knew it tasted funny when i brushed my teeth at the hotel there on business, 
  hey friend if you like blue moon try hoegaarden sometime !, 
  they are really similar . 
  happy drinking !, 
  relevant username, 
  fuck me this is my boss, 
  jesus yes one guy at my company is mister corporate jargon bullshit and this is one of his favorites, 
  has he gotten a game check yet ? 
  he might not have a ton of money right now, 
  kroenke is evil and gazidis is inept . 
  i wish he would sell and i wish gazidis would fuck off to mls, 
  no public funds from la. 
  word on the street is stan is looking for a billion dollar loan to help finance the thing, 
  just saying kroenke was n't the owner of the rams when they moved to st. louis , from los angeles , where they belong, 
  why, 
  barron is on daddy 's reddit account again, 
  i second this . 
  alexis is very good individually but tends to be selfish on the ball , and honestly i think that is a lot of why there seems to be such a disconnect between the midfield and the forwards on this team . 
  all buildup on the ground gets sucked into alexis 's orbit so we resort to shitty balls over the top to supply oli/laca/welbeck, 
  any relation to brandon chicken ? 
  nah he 's full of shit usually, 
  fuck off city, 
  i like it , and the old western font on the cop cars as well, 
  better than the black apex pd wears , really gives off the wrong vibe imo, 
  i 've had them at cousins maine lobster but they are subpar imo . 
  my grandfather is a maineiac so i grew up eating them and honestly making them yourself ( although labor intensive ) is probably the best you 'll get down here, 
  i actually like this lineup , assuming wilshere can stay healthy . 
  only big issue is that the right side is fairly exposed defensively , as ramsey offers almost nothing in defense ( and is at his best imo ) when he is played that far forward . 
  if we could channel the wales ramsey this could be deadly . 
  for his own sake glad to see him go . 
  really got the short end of the stick from wenger, 
  yeah learning is for cunts, 
  kroenke kept fisher around to get the team through relocation . 
  fisher was the coach of the houston oilers when they moved to nashville , and kroenke had been planning the move back to la since the day he gained majority ownership of the rams . 
  it 's not a coincidence that he was fired in the middle of the first season after the move . 
  as for wenger , i honestly think he has so much power at the club that the board can not fire him , and stan prefers to stay detached from his teams , so he wo n't step in and fire him himself, 
  lol i support arsenal largely because of the initial connecting to the rams . 
  i fucking hate stan kroenke, 
  patrick roy is a god, 
  well true , if he was winning he would have stayed on . 
  but kroenke 's tolerance for 7-9 bullshit dropped significantly once the team got settled in la, 
  do n't be daft, 
  eh if we win the league next season i 'll take it, 
  wrighty going hard this week, 
  or nycfc supporters, 
  he has a knock apparently, 
  what the hell is going on at chelsea ? 
  we 're a dumpster fire but at least it 's fairly apparent why, 
  hey what part of india are you from ? 
  i was tentatively looking at flying into delhi and doing an overland trip into nepal,
