  if wilmington and charlotte have their own teams , and the nasl 's demise is soon , it does n't make sense to have two city clubs and a state club in the same league, 
  come to raleigh , chapel hill is full of snooty rich racists . 
  we are a lot more chill, 
  again , i do n't really see why the name of the club has anything to do with the city . 
  like i said in a different comment , if nasl dies and we end up in usl , it makes absolutely no sense to have a team in charlotte , wilmington , and `` carolina '' . 
  we are a second division club , that is never going to be on an international level , so it does n't make sense to make things palatable to the masses, 
  haha honestly , chapel hill is this wierd island of faux academia-wealthy southerners and crazy people . 
  unc is a good school but can be really out of touch with reality . 
  durham is cool in a hipster sort of way and raleigh likes to party and is so diverse you can always find people you like, 
  we have stadium problems . 
  i do n't think we would ever be able to expand wakemed to an mls size venue without buying it from the town of cary first . 
  maybe malik has the money , maybe not . 
  the location is n't really enough to support an mls team either , imo, 
  i think that got scuttled with dorothea dix being turned into a park . 
  i would never say never , but malik seems pretty committed to staying in cary proper, 
  when did / r/nfl start hating / u/jaguargator9 ? 
  he 's active on / r/spam , could be an angry spammer ? 
  i heard it in his voice, 
  american craft brew industry is a hell of a drug, 
  it took me an hour to get to class wednesday , what lack of traffic, 
  honestly though , i think hillary has two things going for her . 
  1 , pollsters do n't do a good job of getting primarily spanish speaking voters polled , who all hate trump , and hillary is favored in a lot of the swing states . 
  i think it will be a bit closer than last go around , but i still think she wins it, 
  haha , hi from raleigh . 
  nc is a shitshow politically and socially right now, 
  my mom has been randomly sneezing after she eats any sort of sweet for like a year and a half now . 
  we thought it was maybe from artificial preservatives or something , but she started sneezing this week after eating something homemade , and the only thing we can come up with is wheat flower . 
  i used to be super skeptical of the gluten thing , now i 'm not so sure, 
  london bridge is a liverpool bar, 
  like beer !, 
  belichick gon na chew his ass, 
  pls no, 
  this would be an interesting statistical analysis to perform, 
  i will eat a hat if mccrory is reelected, 
  do n't worry , conservative ass clowns make up the minority of us millennials , things are going to change big time in the next 20 years in this state, 
  i think he has damaged his reputation too much with the hb2 business and people are no longer talking about the shortcomings of the nc democratic party, 
  dunno what polls you 're reading . 
  most have cooper winning by 8-9 percentage points , and the ones that do n't only have mccrory up by 2-3 . 
  and those are mostly conservative leaning pollsters . 
  i think you 're missing my point though . 
  even with liberal pollster bias , they are predicting a large margin of victory , larger than what neutral or conservative polls are predicting for mccrory . 
  cooper may not win by 8 % but the polling is still indicative of a lead among voters . 
  if fox news , the media bastion of blind conservatism , only had mccrory up by 3 , he 's in trouble . 
  it 's also not a good sign that he has lost a pretty good lead from a consensus of polling agencies since this time last year . 
  it went from everyone saying mccrory by 4 or 5 to everyone but fox and civitas saying cooper by 6-9 . 
  the acl is the internal one , the others are on the outside, 
  based ducks, 
  sorry bud , we 're going to get it first, 
  i sense another gameday visit, 
  lol , before the kick i told my dad the browns would lose this somehow, 
  we 're gon na lose this game , i guarantee it, 
  i was at my local pro soccer team over the summer and there was a lighting storm , and they kicked us out . 
  in a storm . 
  still scratching my head at that one, 
  john madden was right all along !, 
  it 's always struck me as odd how many english guys like the patriots . 
  is it just a prominence thing , because they have been good recently and the league markets them a lot there ? 
  the sun was the first to report this , absolutely nothing to see here, 
  wenger will either retire or take france , i do n't think he would touch england, 
  and that xhaka intel, 
  ah , never change tennessee, 
  on his snapchat he 's always in a mercedes or bmw, 
  we did that a few years ago , with the last nike home shirt , we wore navy shorts and red socks . 
  looked nice imo, 
  why not wear the 3rd ? 
  it 's dark colored and they could wear their aways, 
  rest him at burnley, 
  cech and courtois at chelsea as well, 
  if you have cash for last minute airfare i 'm in, 
  especially considering the quality of picture tonight is the best i 've seen on fox, 
  lol wtf shea, 
  carolina courage as a franchise reboot for nwsl ? 
  ups store guy here !, 
  your problems may soon be ending with pickup , as drivers have now been instructed to deliver packages for people who are n't at home to the nearest ups store the next business day , which are usually open about 10 hours a day . 
  if the bengals had white helmets those unis would be absolute sex, 
  lol that 's what my dad just said, 
  wings are good , i 've seen the recipes for everything else . 
  three words : synthetic meat product, 
  isaac success , what a name, 
  jack no, 
  can it be the second half yet, 
  wrap the fuck up, 
  got ta score before half or the game is over, 
  cbs this is why i pirate content, 
  # ** fuck commercials **, 
  lol that was tebow era florida bs right there, 
  what the fuck, 
  just tennessee vs georgia things, 
  christ almighty dobbs im trying to drink less, 
  [ georgia 's favorite restaurant ] ( http://saltydog.com/ ), 
  m8 i really do n't think you understand the situation you 're in, 
  choo chooooo, 
  he ran through the back of the end zone lol, 
  salty ass dawgs, 
  i am crying and laughing at the same time , i think i broke, 
  i broke a door, 
  to put this in perspective , this is like a team scoring at 90 ' +5 , and then on the restart the other team scores off the opening kick . 
  and the team that won had come back from multiple goals down in the second 4 weeks in a row . 
  it 's not really an upset , tennessee is just coming off one of our worst 10 year stretches in history , after one of our best in the 90s-early 2000s . 
  think if portsmouth or leeds came back up and were leicestering the league,
