  i go along with it . 
  at this point , we realize we can not eat all this food , as we are merely 4 men . 
  we start directing plates of appetizers to other patrons of the bar . 
  suddenly , the 4 drunk southern boys are the most popular guys in town . 
  i 'm laughing at this point , disappointed my best friend is n't there , but excited to tell him the story of his bachelor party in absentia . 
  i realize my friend farthest away from me , of canadian notoriety , is talking loudly to the two middle aged guys at the corner of the bar nearest him as they work on a plate of mozzarella sticks we sent them . 
  at first i think they are fighting , but i realize one of the guys is relating a story about him and his buddies in their salad days . 
  the story winds down , but i remain attuned to their conversation . 
  my buddy asks what this guy does for a living . 
  `` i 'm a nurse over in the hospital across the parking lot here , '' the guy says , pointing in the opposite direction of the hospital . 
  `` i work in the er , these hands save fucking lives man ! '', 
  my buddy asks him if it 's hard . 
  `` hell yes , i 've got to be at fucking work at 6 am tomorrow ! '', 
  i look at my phone . 
  it 's almost 3 . 
  this guy is 4 or 5 drinks in . 
  i 'm a little drunk , but i know enough to realize he will be in no shape to work on human beings tomorrow morning . 
  i jokingly lean in to my compatriots . 
  `` no hospital visits tonight guys , or this guy will fuck you up tomorrow . '', 
  we laugh , and i yell down to the guy . 
  `` hey man , you realize it 's almost 3 right . 
  you got ta be at work in a couple hours ! '', 
  `` i know , '' he replies . 
  `` how are you going to do that ? 
  i ca n't roll out of bed with a hangover before noon , and i 'm a college kid ! '', 
  `` cocaine , '' he says . 
  what ? 
  he laughs . 
  i laugh . 
  his buddy laughs , everyone laughs . 
  i think he 's joking . 
  the male nurse reaches into his pocket , pulls out a little baggie and spoon , and bumps cocaine . 
  at the bar . 
  in tgi fridays . 
  what the fuck . 
  i make sure everyone else saw that . 
  they did . 
  the guy offers us some . 
  we decline . 
  at that point , things get weird . 
  we decide it 's time to get out of there . 
  we pay our tab and head off into the night . 
  i did n't get a hangover , and my drunk friends confirmed what i saw . 
  the next morning , the groom thought we were bullshitting him . 
  i think he still does n't believe it . 
  but i know what i saw that night . 
  moral of the story , be careful of your cheat days . 
  you might think you are enjoying a rare hamburger , but you are actually on the road to cocaine addiction . 
  ** tl ; dr ** peanut butter and jelly hotwings pair well with colombia 's finest, 
  :( the who we thought they were speech was always my go to in pickup football games, 
  nah it 's a racket in some places . 
  i got pulled in virginia last month and the cop directed me to the website where i could prepay the ticket immediately and avoid court, 
  i think the deterrent should be increased insurance rates or loss of driving privileges . 
  virginia is notorious for speed traps as revenue , they artificially restrict their interstate speed limits to 65 as opposed to 70 , and they are the only state in the union that make radar detectors illegal . 
  the way psls work are a bit like club membership . 
  basically , you pay the nfl team a certain amount each year for the right to purchase season tickets at a particular seat or seats in the stadium . 
  sometimes the team will engrave your name on the seat to show that it is `` yours . '', 
  what is really dicey here is that the rams did not `` negotiate '' the psl contract in good faith . 
  kroenke has been planning this move for about 5 years now , and the language of the psl contract specifically exempts psl holders from suing the team for any reason . 
  i am a rams fan , and i think they belong in la , but this is a total shitty move from the team . 
  actually i remember they broke in to nickelodeon like 3 or 4 months later for bush to give a press conference about something going on with the invasion in afghanistan , and i did n't tell my mom , and she freaked out at me because everyone was so on edge at that point that another attack was going to happen, 
  wenger taking the pass it in strategy a little too literally, 
  also easier for you to give blowjobs, 
  m8 if she does n't want to give you stepstool bj 's you should n't have married her in the first place, 
  so this is where the dick caught in celing fan dank meme comes from, 
  i 'm 6 ' 4 , my legs are about 3 foot long , if he is elevated 3 foot by the stool that puts his dong at around 5 ' 8 '' to 6 ' height, 
  you could move everything with some sort of cart , even, 
  holy shit me too , the star wars boxed vhs set used to make me cry when this came on, 
  there are two of them , not sure of relation though, 
  a hotel waterpark sounds like somewhere you would catch mrsa, 
  * the female humans travel in packs after nightfall to the closest watering hole , giving off a distinctive call in search of a suitable mate *, 
  enjoy it dude !, 
  my railhawks used three cessnas with smoke emitters to fly over for west ham lol, 
  decent kick tbh, 
  andy carroll shat himself, 
  * some say his hat is full of queso . 
  all we know is he 's the cech !, 
  shoot it theo, 
  god dammit theo pass the damn ball, 
  no thanks allah :(, 
  he 's looked good, 
  he played like 4 games in the heat last month . 
  i 'm pretty sure they played just down the road in santa clara, 
  good ball, 
  combined our center backs are one year older than pirlo, 
  dude it 's fucking hot here, 
  holding chambers and bielik partners in wall, 
  every . 
  time . 
  thank you !, 
  i am a pretty hard left leaning individual , but to me it 's absolutely crazy that certain people can not possibly find the time to get an id , yet the same individuals would theoretically have time to go vote . 
  id should be subsidized for people under a certain income level , but people are delusional if they think you should n't need id to vote when you do need it to do such mundane things as buy alcohol or tobacco , ship a package , or drive a vehicle . 
  i have a constitutionally protected right to purchase and maintain firearms , and i 'm required to deal with all sorts of bureaucracy to get approved to own certain weapons . 
  voting has real world consequences , and with proper assistance to those that need it , you should have to have a photo id confirming who you are to vote . 
  yes and i disagree with those aspects of the law . 
  it 's the argument people make that certain segments of society are so oppressed they can not find time to get an id at some point in the two or four year election cycle and as a result we should just not require voter id that i disagree with . 
  you make a good point about voting being a constitutional right . 
  so what about gun ownership ? 
  should anyone be allowed to carry a concealed handgun with no prior checks on who they are or what they have done in the past because the 2nd amendment protects their rights ? 
  like i said in my other comments , voting directly impacts how we decide if we should go to war , who to extend diplomatic relations to , and how certain social programs are structured and funded .
