  yup . 
  i had classes with a kid that did the same thing . 
  he started working on spherical and diamond shaped ones as well, 
  on a side note , go wreck that test !, 
  but do n't read this comment until tomorrow, 
  you just described my night last friday, 
  i 'm not a redneck , i swear . 
  i just live in nc, 
  god dammit . 
  had my yahoo account since 1998, 
  i have only committed three murders , and two were in self defense . 
  the third however was more selfish . 
  i had just respawned east of cherno . 
  i had a hatchet and one bandage . 
  i was going to meet up with some buddies when i see a guy in a ghillie sneaking up the coast right along the water . 
  i 'm not sure if he saw me or not and was trying to get by . 
  i was still relatively angry about my last death , and i was n't overly happy with my new spawn , so i figured `` hey , what the hell do i have to lose , right ? '', 
  i run up on this guy and give a mighty battle cry over direct chat with my hatchet in the air . 
  when i am about ten meters away , he finally notices me and goes into a crouch and tries to get me in his sights . 
  he had an assault rifle ( i 'm not sure which one ) with a laser sight . 
  i run in circles around this guy and am slowly getting closer . 
  he takes a shot , misses , and takes another , which hits me . 
  at this point i 'm bleeding , but am in hatchet range . 
  i axe him to death and , adrenaline pulsing through my body , bandage up . 
  about half my blood is gone . 
  as i go to loot him , i realize i have hit the mother load . 
  night vision , map , gps , flashlight , tons of food and soda , hunting knife , everything . 
  the aforementioned assault rifle and an m9 were his weapons . 
  i am freaking out over skype to the buddies i was supposed to be meeting when i realize that my screen has gone grey . 
  i close out my inventory and see that i have been bitten by one solitary zombie . 
  i 'm bleeding again . 
  `` not a problem , '' i think , `` this guy has to have a bandage somewhere . '', 
  i quickly riddle my newest assailant with lead , and go hunting for a bandage in my ghillied friend 's bag . 
  after a good long search , i realize he has night vision , maps , and every other thing on god 's green earth , but ** no freaking bandages ** . 
  queue me running around frantically looking for bandages gushing blood out of the zombie bite in my back . 
  but it was to no avail . 
  i succumbed to my wounds , my hatchet attack all for naught . 
  ** tl ; dr : zombies are dangerous . 
  hey thanks for clearing my nose out !, 
  i think im getting sick, 
  alabama is on notre dame like a catholic priest on a ten year old, 
  now if we can just get fabregas back, 
  hope yall are enjoying it . 
  it was in the 70s in north carolina today, 
  ill get to class now ... 
  kate upton linked to this page on her facebook . 
  dumbass, 
  http://www.facebook.com/kateuptonweb right there buddy . 
  i 'm a manhole engineering student at nc state . 
  can i have the location please ? 
  hey , you feeling extra generous ?? 
  dude !, 
  sweet !, 
  res tagged `` upvotes to the left '', 
  where ? 
  i ate there in wisconsin this summer . 
  i want some cheese curds . 
  what happened ? 
  did he just collapse ? 
  hope he is alright, 
  got out last summer . 
  rugs ftw !, 
  as a tall american , i need to move to europe, 
  i was conflicted . 
  i did the same thing . 
  i was about 10 , was playing with my younger cousins . 
  hid behind the shower curtain in the bathtub . 
  no one found me , but my uncle came in and started to take a crap . 
  i had committed . 
  three minutes in , he found me . 
  i had to step over my uncle , on the toilet , to get out of the bathroom . 
  oh god that hurt to write . 
  handy, 
  i do n't usually talk to liberal arts majors , but when i do , i tell them i want large fries . 
  you should live in north carolina . 
  couple weeks ago , we got a couple hours of sleet . 
  the grocery stores were torn apart . 
  how are classes impacted ? 
  down here at nc state we had like a sixteenth of an inch of freezing rain forecasted a couple of weeks ago and they canceled classes for a day as a `` precaution . '', 
  that 's still really fast by nc standards . 
  when i was a young kid we got close to two feet and i remember everything basically shut down for a week . 
  it was amazing . 
  my mom was 7 months pregnant with my younger sister . 
  we were a little nervous we were gon na be in trouble . 
  y' all had snow though did n't you ? 
  so * that * is where the `` broken arms '' thing came from . 
  as an american , let me assure you , we are n't all like this . 
  la is not what most of america is like . 
  we are a huge country , and the enormous diversity of people and places has a lot to offer . 
  southern california in general has this weird feel to it ( sorry san diego , i do n't mean to stereotype ) but the northeast and the south and the midwest and the pacific northwest all and the southwest have different flavors and feels to them . 
  i used to think when i was younger `` wow , my country is a real shithole , i 'm getting out of here as soon as i possibly can , '' but then i did some traveling , and i realized that this place is not so bad after all . 
  if you can , i would really recommend a visit sometime . 
  it is a pretty cool place . 
  what country are you from ? 
  it is closemindedness like this that makes me worry about the world . 
  and you are in no position to make judgements like this , because you obviously have never been to these places . 
  how did you see anything ? 
  when they were up in cary shooting at epic games they had giants screens and stuff up and a security perimeter so no one could see anything . 
  ive seen pics of the revolution sets from people i know down there . 
  wilmington is a cool place .
