  what the fuck just happened i 'm at work, 
  i 'm actually a notary . 
  i can help you tomorrow if you want, 
  no ragrets, 
  ask and ye shall receive, 
  i win at eating, 
  edleman flopped harder than diego maradona coming off a coke binge ? 
  jamaal charles is my favorite non ram not named peyton manning, 
  full load/30 ish hours here . 
  can confirm is a pain . 
  thank god for a job i can do hw at, 
  i feel for the st. louis fans , but i inherited my fandom from my dad , who has been a fan since the 70 's , so i 'm kinda happy right now . 
  nope , north carolina, 
  i actually had a cousin commit suicide by double gun shot to the head . 
  so it is possible . 
  you can have three fifths, 
  ocracoke specifically . 
  other parts are pretty standard southern, 
  took a road trip in 2012 where i drove to chicago via columbus-dayton-indy on the way out and 40 albuquerque to nc , including the texas pan handle . 
  i feel like i 've mastered boring driving, 
  did columbus to chicago via indy in 2012 . 
  almost died in a tornado . 
  would beg to differ on boringness, 
  damn lacy wrecked that guy, 
  does he have liberty and justice ? 
  i 'm always afraid i will accidentally say cunt, 
  the leader of the project just spoke at my university this past wrek, 
  got back into school , broke up with my first real love , realized who my true friends are , and got accepted into my major last friday . 
  oh and i have a date this weekend , 
  hingle mccringleberry, 
  lol, 
  as an american , i feel bad we keep blowing shit up in iraq . 
  you guys have an amazing culture , and isis is a bunch of scumbags . 
  you should google mesopotamia, 
  guys are dumb . 
  just tell us what you want, 
  hey man do n't hate on that brat booty, 
  we need a full bluegrass anthem, 
  we 're venomous bitch, 
  jerod cook with the post whistle donkey punch, 
  soon . 
  have you heard about our new guy austin long ? 
  til ? 
  stacy cut outside pls, 
  well that was a shit call, 
  hekker high stepping !, 
  so uh how bout a holding on quinn there, 
  throw it at a ref for me please, 
  yeah but it 's getting called either way . 
  you guys got some lucky shit the last five minutes of the quarter, 
  lol , fuck the nfl . 
  keep the storyline teams in it . 
  screw this league, 
  no calls on two blatant holds plus a shitty offensive pass interference call kept the 49ers in it . 
  the refs have called an absolutely terrible game tonight . 
  i 'm a tennessee fan and i 'd fuck her, 
  yeah , that was a shitty call . 
  but probably a make up, 
  rams made a good play ? 
  flag, 
  the refs, 
  that damn global warming heating up ann arbor, 
  just one ? 
  what the fuck, 
  south florida is just an extension of new york , my friend, 
  step 1 : do n't be 6 ' 4 '' :(, 
  nah , they would give isis the 2026 world cup for the right price, 
  french makes sense now, 
  pretty much ubiquitous actually, 
  washington, 
   give gift 1000 gold, 
   auckland is now the ally of america, 
  most likely . 
  ray underhill lived in wilmington , so there is a strong nc link, 
  thank you russia for vodka and maria sharapova, 
  i 'm pretty sure its actually an artificial heart . 
  i seem to remember an article a few years ago saying he no longer has a heart . 
  i 'll allow it, 
  i pronounced those differently in my head, 
  yeah , i like hops , but not that many hops guys, 
  they actually made land fall several times to drop off spies in north carolina, 
  so just general surveillance then ? 
  transformers 5 : meet the parents ? 
  plus the dog mascots, 
  dbqs . 
  you have just triggered a flood of repressed memories, 
  if viagra is n't careful their commercials will put them out of business, 
  not fair to couple it with the viagra commercial :(, 
  is it just me or does every commercial have an attractive woman in it tonight, 
  no , they definitely count, 
  what . 
  i literally saw them in concert a month ago, 
  so we have officially expanded to five major sports now ? 
  its weird being a ut fan and rams fan , because he is someone i 've wanted to see succeed even though he has played for rivals, 
  well uh about that, 
  i read this as lil jon, 
  no pls, 
  google fiber is enough in my book, 
  what is it with tamu and kyle, 
  jenko is sure getting around these days,
