  it is ~ $ 15 and drops you off at bs\u00cd bus terminal which is convenient to the rest of reykjavik, 
  are n't penalties non reviewable ? 
  ayyy lmao, 
  lol what the fuck was that, 
  the play is still under review, 
  can we just mention the guy that scored is named corn elder ? 
  meeeeeee !, 
  bull mccabes in durham is the official arsenal bar here . 
  and yeah , wearing my mertesacker shirt downtown gets a lot of reaction, 
  i prefer lamborghinis in my beverly hills account, 
  his head did n't whip , i hope it 's not a weird heart thing from the impact, 
  icelandic girls are the best , 
  can confirm , eating weekend barbecue leftovers currently, 
  i want to play the panthers in the playoffs, 
  please keep us posted !, 
  it looks like star wars language, 
  hey there !, 
  if you want to talk or whatever message me , 
  exactly !, 
  you can get work done to open time later for fun stuff, 
  would have been good for fucking it, 
  or a show set long before the time of the movies and make it got style with different planets or families struggling for control of the senate and the jedi popping in every now and again, 
  do indians typically want closer relations with the us ? 
  i live in an area with a lot of indian immigrants and seeing different newspapers and other publications geared towards the indian expat community generally favor us indian ties . 
  iceland , because pylsur and the nice girl i met in reykjavik, 
  probably england too just because they are like america 's cousins . 
  and sweden , because zlatan and that is where my grandmother is from . 
  come down south and i 'll buy ya a beer, 
  hey me too !, 
  raleigh, 
  i 'm headed there next month . 
  fuck terrorists get bitches ( and baguettes ), 
  exactly my thoughts too . 
  i love them , and i was actually looking into catching one of their shows when i am in london or paris next month . 
  if this show had been a month later ... who knows . 
  will you teach me about model rockets ? 
  i think that was a minor plot point in the battlefront 2 campaign, 
  the first time i has that it was a religious experience, 
  the chrome helmets were sexy, 
  can confirm , just drank a pint of milk after thanksgiving sandwich lunch, 
  so basically like it then . 
  super chill until a crisis kicks in , then its go time, 
  unfortunately , you are going to be kind of stuck in raleigh without a car . 
  you can take amtrak out to charlotte , but to get to the smokies or out to the outer banks , your only option is going to be by private vehicle . 
  around raleigh itself , there is a good amount of stuff to do for a college student . 
  we have a decent nightlife scene , and if you stay through the new year , we have the unique tradition of dropping an acorn in place of a ball . 
  downtown is always really lively for that , although getting in and out can be a bit of a charlie foxtrot . 
  personally , i would suggest seeing if your friend would be willing to go driving for a couple of days , just because the smokies are some of the best hiking/camping on the east coast , and the outer banks are unlike anything almost anywhere else i have been . 
  just a quick little summary of nature related activities near raleigh -, 
  we have umstead state park within city limits . 
  there are plenty of nice trails in there , but nothing overly exciting , if you are looking for dramatic landscapes . 
  about an hour or so west , there are quite a few hikes that take you up and down the rolling hills of the piedmont , and can show you some dramatic landscapes . 
  further west of course is when you get into the mountains proper . 
  it ill be off season on the beach , so expect few crowds , but you will have the beach to yourself if you like sitting in the sand . 
  it will be too cold to swim unfortunately . 
  if you end up staying in raleigh and want suggestions on what to do , pm me !, 
  i 'm going to be taking off on the 22nd for london , so i wo n't be in town while you are there , but i 'm always happy to help out !, 
  break out the dolphin jpeg, 
  the mountains will most likely have snow . 
  out towards the beach , expect temps in the 40s-50s . 
  the only thing predictable about nc weather is that it 's unpredictable . 
  on year we had christmas and it was warm enough for shorts and a t-shirt , the next it was about to snow . 
  time for some ethically questionable science, 
  hey , just a word of friendly advice . 
  i 'm american essentially in the same boat , trying to go to either bournemouth or newcastle . 
  buy memberships , and be online exactly when tickets go on sale . 
  i figured i could sleep in a little this morning , the red members allocation was gone already . 
  who thought it would be a good idea to have lane closures on 440 on a weekday morning, 
  how is that dpi the lions guy was getting his helmet ripped off, 
  ca n't neuter the cooter, 
  just do n't camp there . 
  nothing beats waking up at 5 am in a flooded tent with nesting sea birds cackling at you for sleeping outside in the rainiest town in iceland, 
  lol my dad is currently bitching that he will miss the playoffs because of that, 
  lol lions, 
  not a lot , but let me tell you about his american cousin joey freshwater, 
  noob, 
  is milton keynes cool ? 
  i 'm gon na be in the uk this month , and a buddy of mine keeps raving about milton keynes , but he can be a bit of a bellend so, 
  raleighhhhh !, 
  i 'm in north carolina , but my boss is from hyderabad, 
  raleigh , north carolina !, 
  carolina railhawks of the nasl , and i have a wierd attachment to portsmouth from playing with them in fifa, 
  could you tell me more about your company ? 
  i 'm graduating in a year with a degree in the renewable energy field , and ive always thought i would be fairly tied down by my future career . 
   the amount of gas available at low to moderate prices causes coal to be a dead industry for power generation . 
  lol hell no . 
  coal is a cheap , plentiful , domestically produced resource , and there is tons of already built infrastructure go utilize it . 
  it transports easier than gas , and is a more energy dense fuel . 
  coal will always be around in some aspect , as will oil . 
  i know what that is without even opening it, 
  no where . 
  the year 0 did n't exist . 
  we went from 1 bc to 1 ad, 
  does your gym bag have space for an extra chromosome ? 
  ask your friend if i can use his nose to practice ramp problems for my physics exam tonight, 
  i ended up switching for the later flight out of luton , the extra ~ $ 70 was worth the peace of mind, 
  totally a businessman , imagine if wenger had the abramovich or oil sheikh budget . 
  arsenal would have multiple champions league titles, 
  divide by 6 though . 
  most movie tickets are ~ 10-12 dollars for a standard showing , whereas a aaa game is 60,
