then leave them on the boat until they come back and do this all over again . . edit : seriously now , am i the only one not understanding how in the world this would work ? 
  they sink their boats . 
  at least whenever they actually get into greek waters and get found by the patrols , they sink their boats . . 
  so it ; s not like you can drag them back . 
  how exactly ? 
  if libya does n't accept them ? 
  it 's not like you can drag them and leave them there you know . . 
  back where ? 
  invade some other country 's sovereignty ? 
   unless you want to bring in imaginary concepts such as morality i may be naive . 
  but to me , morality is what separates us from animals and mindless creatures . 
  then again , in the us they are used to shooting immigrants trying to cross borders . 
  definitely worked out . . 
  crap i thought i replied to you 1 hour ago . . 
  the reason turkey accepts them from the gulf countries is because the refugees would get to turkey one way or another . 
  however they funnel them to greece since the goal is not turkey but germany and northern/central europe . 
  until 2003 there was a mutual agreement that we would n't send immigrants to turkey nor they to us ( ofc any deportation was illegal but was happening and for some reaosn the agreement worked ) . 
  however our 2004 government did n't renew the agreement and it resulted in the previous state of we smuggling immigrants in to turkey and they in to us . . turkey would never accept immigrants back ( and especially now ) because the only reason they accepted them in the first place is that they would funnel them to europe . 
  this is another reason why turkey doesn ; ' t want any more to join eu . 
  the reason turkey gets refugees from golf countries is because they ship them to us . 
  refugees do n't want to stay in turkey , they want to move to europe . 
  there used to be an agreement back in 2000 between turkey and greece regarding the immigration but our 2004 government fucked it up ( in their defense , we can not really bet that turkey would have continued honoring it anyways ) . 
  ye , the main problem is that turkey does n't accept them ( we have tried ), 
  so we go back to killing them right ? 
  it is impossible to force them back to the countries they set sail from because : 1 . international waters , they can do whatever they want 2 . 
  we can not send our navy to a foreign country without some sort of agreement, 
  go enlist if you want . 
  i would never be ok with ordering young people who enlisted to help their country stain their hands with blood from defenseless , god forgotten refugees . 
  but maybe it 's just me . 
  i am afraid it doesnt work like this . . see , when the patrols do find a boat , refugees and the captain just sink it so the coast guard either leaves them to drown or saves them and brings them to the islands/mainland . 
  there is no saving . 
  the only thing that i could see as a viable sort term solution is if greece uses uninhabited islands for designated refugee areas . 
  this would probably be of no use now as it would not be enough with so many hundreds of thousands coming in . 
  we have been asking for help for years and we got completely and utterly ignored so this happened . 
   close the outer border of eu literally impossible for greece/italy/spain as they are coming in from the sea . 
   deport anyone you find back to where they say they 're from . 
  so if he says he is from germany ? 
  i mean these people wo n't say they are from syria . 
  we ca n't just send them to syria or any other country with any kind of border control since frankly they wo n't allow them back in . . 
  because these people will go somewhere . 
  can someone explain me what is the alternative ? 
  if europe does n't take refugees but the refugees do n't get the memo and still continue storming in , what should europe do ? 
  the only thing i see possible is start shooting at them . 
  or `` imprison '' them to a designated excluded area . 
  do you see any other alternative ? 
  so out of the 3 choices : * controlled sheltering between the countries in eu * kill the waves of incoming refugees * exclusion ( and again some sort of sheltering ) which should europe choose ? 
  or what else can europe do ? 
  it 's 40 years now and he is still working with no sign of slowing down . . 
  i think he is clocking around 10h a day easy . 
  the problem is that you ca n't really selectively say who gets what . . our pension system is not sustainable . 
  and this ca n't be extended to the next generation . 
  we 've known it 's not sustainable for more than 10 years but the political cost to do sth was too big for the governments to change . 
  as such , now it will need a completely unjust reform unless europeans back it up . 
  it sucks for everyone . . 
  but it was a pretty good situation for the previous pms that avoided the problem to win the elections, 
  i only gave my perspective on the matter . 
  it sucks . 
  my father has been paying incredible amounts of money since the day he graduated and he is going to get almost nothing for a pension . 
  sure it 's fuckin unfair . 
  but , the new generation and the young people now , are the ones that bare 0 responsibility on the situation and can not be punished for the mistakes of the past . 
  we did n't ' manage to elect 1 competent governement the past 30 years and we are paying the result, 
  i doubt it 's that as well . 
  but i have to attribute it somewhere . 
  you are right . 
  i fucked up . 
  it was supposed to be 1.5 % but we did n't make it . 
  i had n't read the updated info . 
  from wiki :  shipping companies shipping income is exempted from income taxation , but they pay a tonnage tax of vessels they own , and in some cases the vessel they hire . 
  the tax is based on vessels net tonnage ( tons ) . 
  this tonnage tax must be paid regardless of whether the vessel has been in operation or not . 
  yea , we can be idealistic and throw these `` parasites '' away when they essentially are a great reason we are afloat right now . . that is some next level strategy . 
  i personally would support pension cuts . 
  it sucks and it 's unfair for many people , but if i had to choose an injustice , i would choose the one that does n't compromise the future generations that said , in 2014 we had ~ ~ 1.5 ~ ~ 0.4 % ( damn those elections ) primary surplus and we were still very far from being able to pay the interest to our debts . 
  taxing more , would n't make any sense as we would still be unable to find another 5-6 % of our gdp from taxes when people are unable to pay as it is right now . 
  also keeping ship owners in greece which amount for the 3rd biggest revenue for greece should be a no. 1 priority . 
  losing them would equal to a disaster . 
   unlikely , and even if so , that kind of people leaving should be a good thing . 
  they contribute 10 % to our gdp . . 
  if they decide to leave , we are instantly in a -10 % hole . . nevermind they are employing a fair amount of people  where they would not have these priviliges either ? 
  many countries have 0 taxation and as really their operations are in global waters , their country of operation is by name only . 
  i think it 's the fear of a coup . 
  this is pure speculation because to me there is not other reason . . 
  unless nato is pushing him to uphold the 2 % of gdp per year on defense spending ... for church , you need to understand that greece is a deeply religious state . 
  the official religion is even defined in the 2nd statute of our constitution . 
  the power of the church used to be immense . 
  now it has weakened but it 's still very much influencing many political decisions, 
   stop privileges - of ship owners you ca n't do that . 
  they will just change country of operation and we would lose 10 % of our gdp before it even gets to the parliament . 
  there is a reason we have tax privileges for them . 
  it 's because even with those privileges , they choose to pay taxes for whatever reason . 
  i hope to god you are right , otherwise the incompetence is beyond any expectation . . that being said , i am still suspicious if it was their plan all along . . 
  he is a leech . 
  an opportunist . 
  he is a big reason greece is in this mess . 
  his actions the past 25 years undermined everyone and everything with only one goal in sight : to become pm . 
  he is all that is wrong with the conservative greeks ; the ones that are n't really right wing in their economy politics but very right in their cultural beliefs . 
   nevertheless , as stingy and harsh as the previous deal may have seemed to syriza ( and the rest of greece ) , i still think that greece would have been far better off accepting that deal than being forced to exit the eurozone . 
  i agree if these were the choices . . 
  but there are some huge problems with the deal offered . 
  a day before the vote , all our freight ship companies would probably just relocated to another country , pretty much costing us 10 + % of our gdp instantly .
