  also , investing would be even less appealing than before and any small business owner would probably needed to close shop . 
  you see that 's why i hated the eu narrative from the beginning : * greeks left negotiations * agreement was at take it or leave it, 
  thing is our government was adamant that a no vote doesnt equal a grexit . . if that happens though we ll prolly see greece imploding, 
  i personally predicted a 62 % win in favor of no . 
  that was when the referendum was announced and before any polls were out . . that being said , it 's just sad . . no option is good and tsipras divided a whole nation between a yes and a no . . 
  the amount of hate between the greek populace is insane . . 
  resorting to personal insults definitely shows your bias and level . 
  i am not interested in uncivilized arguments . 
  good day sir . 
   this is not true in principle , and inaccurate as a fact . 
  the money went to the greek state , which then paid its debts to whomever it owed . 
  30 % of the funds were indeed used to service foreign debts , 30 % was spent on the greek welfare system to prop up the greek standard of living , and 30 % were used to provide liquidity to greek banks so that greeks can continue to get money from their accounts [ one ] ( http://www.macropolis.gr/?i=portal.en.the-agora.2080 ) , [ two ] ( http://www.attac.org/en/stories/greek-bail-out-77-went-financial-sector ) also the standard of living has definitely not been propped up . 
   so when will you repay us the 350bn ? 
  and can we increase the interest and decrease the term on those loans so that they are at market rates ? 
  because otherwise we are gifting you money . 
  you make it sound like you have nothing to gain from all of it . 
  it 's a transaction . 
  it 's not charity . 
  stop acting like it is . 
  i am not saying we are not benefiting from the terms of these loans but do n't make it sound like it 's charity . 
  it 's insanely naive to think that ez and imf have nothing to gain from greece 's stability . 
  stop spending money you do not have , it is other people 's money and they are helping you to their own detriment . 
  reform tax and pension system , collect taxes . 
  create strong and accountable institutions , to renew trust and confidence in the greek state . 
  i agree with those . 
  but even if we get our public spending to 0 , unless our gbp is more than 0 , we are n't getting anywhere . 
  that 's the whole austerity vs stimulus debate . 
  in the extreme senario of 0 public expenditure , we would need a gbp of  0 to say we made a progress . 
  that 's what people fail to understand . 
  i disagree with a lot of things our government says/does and i have many concerns about our cries about austerity but it 's 100 % true that mindless austerity does n't help neither us or you . 
  the whole point of reducing expenditure is that gbp will stay roughly the same . 
  this has not been the case . 
  and it has not been the case because : 1 . 
  people do n't have money to pay taxes . 
  it 's not just evasion any more . 
  people just do n't have money . 
  the increasing taxes , the urgent taxes , the unstable tax environment are driving businesses away and make them go to bulgaria with their 0 % corp tax ( imagine how mad ppl would be if we would offer 0 % corp tax . . 
  but it 's profitable for bulgarians and even though it translates to lower taxes , it improves significantly the country 's economy ) 3 . 
  our governments have been completely incapable of doing anything . 
  we lack direction and game plan . 
  but this is because we never agreed on anything . 
  neither between us nor with europe . 
   tsipras committed seppuku on behalf of greece . 
  even if the referendum is overwhelmingly `` yes '' , this has destroyed all political capital and trust greece had in the union . 
  i do not see a compromise that both sides would still agree to . 
  if we vote yes , despite having the most anti-eu government of our history , it 's a big win imo and a huge vote of confidence . 
  my fingers are crossed . 
   the eu has given you 350 bn in the last 5 years , and you are complaining that this caused you `` 25 % loss in gdp '' ; the eu paid the interest to our loans . 
  so in the end , it funded its own institutions . 
  eu 's money did n't go to the greek people . 
  it went to the eu banks . 
  i am not saying that this was n't welcomed by me . 
  on the contrary , i think it was a very favorable situation to everyone involved . 
  however , i would n't say that this is money donation . 
  it 's quite laughable to consider it one . 
   the eu did not cause the loss in gdp , and the eu is not forcing you to make cuts ; the market is focing you the spend less because they will not lend you more money ; reality is forcing cuts ; the eu is helping you lower the amount of the cuts . 
  i agree with that . 
  it 's a bit of simplistic but true in the core . 
   everyone is europe agrees what has to be done . 
  it is not magic . 
  many countries have done it and are now successful . 
  but you would rather argue and wast time to defend 16 % vat on the islands . 
  how everyone agrees ? 
  that 's quite a statement . 
  additionally , i defend what will stimulate growth in our shrinking economy . 
  i think there is hardly any incentive for anyone to invest capital in greece and at this point it is beyond retarded to handicap our biggest export ; tourism . 
  that being said , i would want a completely different direction in the agreement , but suriza is a socialist government and i understand that my view is not what the majority of my country supports . 
   you are out of the euro , out of the eu , out of money . 
  so good job , but we better go separate ways now . 
  we are not out of ez yet and i doubt we will ever be out of the eu . 
  i agree we are terrible diplomats but we definitely want to stay in the eu . 
  we 've shown this by not being absolute dicks with our immigration problem ( like italy is doing ) and generally , excluding a radical minority , are very open to eu citizens and people . 
  my point was , that in the whole agreement there is one major disagreement between the two parties . 
  that being said , if you think that you are donating money to greece , the discussion is pointless as it is such a biased cornerstone that we will never really meaningfully argue . 
  in addition , if you think that since we need an agreement we should sign whatever you bring us , then maybe people are right thinking we should just tank and see what 'll do from there . 
  and this is coming from a pro-ez greek and not a syriza supporter . 
  you do n't get it . 
  greece needs those people to live there because they support tourism , our only meaningful export . 
   are actually quite wealthy like mykonos so your example out of all our inhabited is the wealthiest and more well known island ? 
  do you know about lesvos , chios , leipsoi , fournoi , idra , spetses , ikaria , donousa , sxinousa , amorgos , kos , kalimnos , rhodes and many many others that i can not list that are more than 8h away from the mainland ? 
  do you know how tough it is for them during the winter months with only 1 or 2 ships reaching them per good week ? 
  there is a reason why the vat relief is needed for those islands . 
  thing is , the vat increase is a death sentence to many . . 
  i am pretty sure that without it , the agreement would have been signed on the spot . 
  i just googled it and the system seems pretty harsh . . that being said , `` only '' 7.3 % unemployment sounds good ... 
  people do get them . 
  they last ( depending on how long you 've been on the job ) for up to 1 year . 
  the amount is 55 % of the basic rate . 
  pretty much in line with other eu countries, 
  this is not quite right . 
  the wages are not high . 
  however , for too long , people were getting paid for doing nothing . 
  we were still paying companies involved in 2004 olympics until some years ago . 
  same with pensions . 
  most people who paid their dues consistently are getting unfairly low pensions . 
  this is because 1 . 
  relevant authorities gambled in structured bonds and huge amounts of money were lost ( no-one was imprisoned or punished whatsoever ) and 2 . 
  many people went in pension young due to some special circumstances . 
  so that common misunderstanding that people were paid a lot is not quite right . 
  and especially now , people can not survive on their pension even if they never missed a payment,
