  the attack was in 1982 , so no rpg-29s . 
  then you should come to spain ... 
  while not problematic as in terrorism , it 's horrible when it comes to domestic abuse . 
   surplus ** goal **, 
  with work , i guess you could learn to write it . 
  but how to hell do you speak that thing ?!, 
  do you need some kind of c'thulhu - esque tongue ? 
  i mean look at this thing : `` m\u0119\u017cczyzn\u0119 '' . 
  the hell ? 
  it sounds really cool though . 
  they got basically the same number of votes , but had worse distribution ( which is imho , idiotic ) . 
  there is only one sausage god and his name is fuet . 
  seriously , if you have n't tried it , do it . 
  the same could be said with the frontier with france as well though . 
  and below lybia ... and belgium below uae , qatar , cuba and bahrain . 
  yeah , i 'm going to call bs this . 
  not to mention that southern europe has the best food . 
  berlin is especially cheap though . 
  that second shot is amazing !, 
  what a great place to live . 
  i think the color those houses have makes them way worse than the communist ones . 
  they look much more dirty , they are way more plain , and they do n't even have the modern , bland `` unity '' that communist buildings have . 
  those spanish buildings fail at being depressing , but they are n't any good either . 
  that said , i live in one of those , it 's not like i could even afford anything else . 
  and they are as shit inside as it is outside . 
  shitty walls , shitty materials , everything it 's made with the cheapest crap they could find to make the thing stand . 
  i honestly do n't know why the american tourists have such a bad rep. 
  they are usually very friendly , tip well and do n't cause much trouble . 
  i find british tourists much , much worse . 
  or maybe in greece they have cheaper options ? 
  at least where i live , lidl is not cheaper . 
  madrid and catalonia are basically at the same level by gdp , but madrid has significantly less population . 
  and by capita , madrid , basque country and navarre are also higher up . 
  spain would lose a lot if it loses catalonia completely - but it would ` nt be the end of the world ( just another catastrophic crisis ... it would be like finland losing nokia , maybe like korea losing samsung ) . 
  that said , i think the idea of catalonia cutting ties completely with spain is ridiculous , they really need the imports . 
  not to mention `` expats '' ... 
  seriously , britain is way more nationalist than most continental countries . 
  the bubble is ridiculous . 
  if you are saving for a house , it 's already nearly impossible , because prices are rising so much faster than wages . 
  either you can afford them now , or you wo n't . 
  the king would be a more apt comparison , since he is not democratically elected . 
  but it 's still a very different case . 
   jerez , in the southern region of andalusia , can be viewed as an illustration of all that has gone wrong with spain over the last two decades taking the worst region for reference , yeah , sounds accurate . 
  or rent it cheap . 
  the weird thing is , despite the incredible number of empty houses , rents are through the roof . 
  yeah , this law has been going on for a lot of time . 
  spain has had a lot of problems when it comes to houses . 
  there is constructed neighborhoods that are totally empty , without being sold , but there is a lot of people who are forced out of the house . 
  this means that the bank has sold a house , and will get the money of it , and can sell it again . 
  but with the unemployment and ripping so much money ( they used to do , and still do , variable interest , so your mortgage could increase overtime ) now they cant sell much . 
  they are still getting a lot of money , though , and probably making sure that the way to switzerland doesnt have any trouble . 
  the list depends on the country . 
   move its headquarters to switzerland and list its shares in london looks like it has more to do with the fiscal `` facilities '' that those places give than the situation of greece . 
  many greeks feel like germany \u00b4 s money its nice , but fixing their debt with more debt is just basically creating a cruel death sentence . 
  its not that they hate it , they just dont want them . 
  it should be noted that many of that money doesnt go to greece citizens , but political members and banks . 
  because in italy the case would actually hold . 
  as [ algen ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/10v5th/greece_mulls_demands_for_war_reparations/c6h1k87 ) says , it would be valid . 
  i dont think they want a sucessful case as much as a decent political distraction with germany . 
  they know they cant win the case . 
  how can be the mother the one taking the photo if shes seen on the image ? 
  thats highly sensionalized . 
  yes , the situation is bad , but not that bad . 
  no need to put grayscale pictures with increased contrast and filters in addition to the overly dramatic text . 
  i have lived in barcelona and i see no real difference from navarra . 
  if anything , the situation looked better in barcelona . 
  for the old people ? 
  spain \u00b4 s history . 
  for the young ? 
  inmigrants and big costs . 
  how is this surprising ? 
  there is a serious lack of jobs . 
  not only that , but since companies are firing people so fast and cheaply , there is a lot of experienced and skilled people out there with a rather minimal wage . 
  young people cant compete with low cost skilled labor , so they go out of the country . 
  they could , but honestly just the trading block spain could do its probably enough . 
  give spain \u00b4 s a year and im sure that with the new reforms it can reach 30 . 
  i have a friend who works at a big company here . 
  the company has reduced the number of workers by 40 % , even though they already had overwork . 
  they work extra hours as if they were normal , and they end up unpaid . 
  work is there to employ people but they still reduce people . 
  dat money . 
  why ? 
  its quite normal in spain . 
  thats why people usually rents a house together . 
  to be fair , spain \u00b4 s problem wasn \u00b4 t as much his debts as its his banks . 
  to be fair , in the north it depends more on the individual village than anything else . 
  but i have yet to find someone that doesnt speak spanish . 
  pretty sure is obligatory with english . 
  or at least , here it is ( navarre ) . 
  in school he would learn spanish , yes or yes . 
  straight up lie . 
  it sounds like the article its bad more than that just a hate for the police , really . 
   spain needs to fix its current situation but many in the country think short-term stop-gaps are enough whaaaat ... 
  they are going to need to back up this kind of things . 
  you now , existing polls or something at least . 
  they also dont say that yes , the number of studies going to study a stem is smaller , but it was retardly high before . 
  everyone and his cat went to get a degree . 
  north-south spain difference is impressive . 
  really , \u00bf la tomatina ? 
  there is the falles , there is san fermin ... etc and they have to choose a bunch of people throwing tomatoes ?
