  minimun is about 250 $ , so yeah , at least 3000 $, 
  there is hardly any reason to hold your business in a place like greece when you can be in ireland , luxembourg or gibraltar ( unless you are small and ca n't afford it ) . 
  in spain , the `` entrepreneur fee '' is monthly :(, 
  we get it , we have a problem with corruption , ok ? 
  i think you forgot a link ? 
  spain should not be in nato if they are not meeting the minimum , though ( although that will leave nato almost empty ) . 
  spain lacks any conflicting neighbor , though . 
  there is absolutely no region in spain that is n't slighty hated by other spaniards . 
  or at least , i ca n't think of it . 
  that said , the `` corrupt '' label goes to all of them . 
  it 's obviously caused by the 5-1 match . 
  good point , but how much is written/filmed for xvi-xix spain ? 
  imho it says more about the saturation of scw ( and honestly , i have yet to find one of them that is really about the war and decent ) in movies than anything else . 
  i think they do n't talk about them because of lack of knowledge , not because nobody likes to talk about them . 
  i would say all colonist regimens were pretty much awful ( from the americas to morocco ) . 
  people just do n't care about those . 
  and atrocities in franco 's regime are sort of the same , i think . 
  people definitively care and know , but it 's not something people `` hide '' . 
  just some ... `` extremists '' . 
  on the other side of the coin , there is people that tries to ignore atrocities during the second republic . 
  however i do n't think any of the groups is big enough . 
  i honestly do n't think spaniards try to hide the ugliness of spain . 
  in fact some seem to be kind of proud , strangely . 
  during franco 's regime , the second language was french . 
  so a lot of middle aged people know french instead of english . 
  also , spain has a lot of rural areas . 
  it 's the 3rd . 
  and that list is bullshit . 
  and it does n't have a source . 
  at least it includes the methodology ( spoiler , it 's shit ) :  in order to conduct the survey , the gallup asked people in these countries whether they had felt any anger , sadness , anxiety , physical pain or worry the previous day . 
  dude , their flag is beautiful . 
  also , is n't purple usually a color that represents royalty ? 
  byzanzium and all ... 
  in addition to what others have said , it 's common in download sites to say `` castillian '' when they mean `` spanish from spain '' and `` spanish '' for `` south american spanish ( almost always mexican ) '' . 
  i 'm surprised by the small amount of votes for upyd and the rise of podemos . 
  pp and psoe still strong but they are not everything anymore . 
  castillian ? 
  that has to be more the more spanish thing in spain . 
  or spain is the most castillian thing . 
  if you point at the menu , you ca n't be scammed . 
  you basically pay what the menu says . 
  however , if you ask for `` typical food '' , it 's like you are asking for `` a special thing , not in menu or specifically tailored to people who have n't tried spanish food '' aka overpriced normal food . 
  you will be recognized as `` guiri '' and will probably pay more than you should . 
  spain spends even less than sweden ( 0.85 % ) . 
  i do n't think % gdp spent in the military and quality of life are related . 
  it 's really good , but it is heavy . 
  be near a bathroom after eating . 
  spain was in a much worse situation with the basque separatists ( a movement still alive and strong , but it does n't makes the news anymore ) , but it did n't come to a civil war . 
  the chances of having a civil war for the catalan conflict are close to zero ( i 'm not saying zero because one can never know ) . 
  or mother of the fatherland !, 
  that guy is completely nuts . 
  i kinda hoped for a random funny video from a youtuber , but man ... 
  wait what ? 
  i do n't know how this is even a question , yeah , they should have the right to vote . 
  there should be a permit to allow those who do n't want to be in an independent catalonia to return to spain with spanish nationality and spain should just shrug and accept it . 
  the red eu flag is just awesome . 
  400 $ rent in a capital city ? 
  you are optimistic . 
  but yeah , a single salary ca n't support more than one person , two if it 's somewhat decent ( 1000 + ) . 
  that 's what i do n't understand . 
  crimea had a russian majority , it could simple vote to become independent after the coup in ukraine and then ask putin for help . 
  ukraine would be too weakened to respond against that and no one in the west would oppose a nation who wants to be independent via democracy ( scotalnd , catalonia ... ) . 
  axis scotland ? 
  i will get some popcorn ... 
  it ai n't a world war if poland is not invaded . 
  seriously , 25 dead is not really that much if we are going to put civil war standards . 
  yes . 
  most of them are related to rural activity ( like cutting wood or harvesting ) , but others , like lifting anvils or heavy rocks are just [ ridiculous ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harrijasotzaileak ) . 
  and in the case of involving , there is a clear side they would pick , or they would be divided ? 
  has the army 's high command said anything ? 
  it shows them , just briefly . 
  andalusian being independent ? 
  i will believe it when i see it . 
  and , you know , the piles of oil . 
  why would automation hit harder countries with heavier industry ( that creates said automation ) than countries with a big agrarian base ? 
  places that used to employ hundreds can do the same with a tenth or less of the people . 
  well , to be fair , we were spreading freedom in america before it was cool . 
  the first one is cool , i really like the 20 $ and the 50 $ banknotes . 
  the others , specially the abstract one , are hideous . 
  same in spain , 100 pesetas = 1 $ . 
  it 's not a 3x difference , but still one . 
  while it 's true that it 's large overall , the ones that matter are regional newspaper . 
  except in madrid ( the most `` spanish '' of all regions ) , in every other region there is something else that trumps it by a fair margin ( diario de navarra in navarre , norte de castilla in castille , la vanguardia in catalonia ... etc ) . 
  that 's quite an apt comparison , yeah . 
  except i do n't think many take abc seriously . 
  the halo over the guardia civil 's head is hilarious . 
  it 's the abc after all . 
  the purple has to stay because it 's already a symbol , but i do n't like it . 
  the problem with the crown is that it does n't fit much with the republic . 
  it 's way cooler , but it does n't fit . 
  if i 'm being honest , i really do n't link purple . 
  obviously the spanish fess has to stay , and i really to have a coat d'arms . 
  but the pointy end on the shield does n't make much sense , and making a castle instead of the crown seems too castillian to me . 
  and is not aligned with the columns , looks like it 's falling . 
  the civic heraldry looks better , but i would still align the shield with the columns . 
  i think they are going to end a situation similar to navarra . 
  that is , they control their own money , but they are still part of spain and have to pay a bit for the group . 
  a complete secession ? 
  i do n't see it happening . 
  while catalonia may be strong by itself , alone and without the eu i think both parties ( spain and catalonia ) would suffer massively ( look at czechoslovakia ) .
