  you have only linked the bra size map . 
  in reddit , only selfposts can have text . 
  so ... height increases the norther you are ... except spain . 
  also , what 's with the huge difference between spain and portugal ? 
  the north , especially the north-east ( basque country , navarre , aragon and catalonia ) are , in general , more industry focused . 
  they would be slow . 
  plus extremely extensive to set up . 
  we need something like fiscal paradises , but on internet regulation . 
  it 's just a loop . 
  with more unemployment you have more experienced people and then less reasons to train the young . 
  this ends up creating more unemployment . 
  repeat until crisis . 
  not if you can pay the one with a decade of experience minimun wage . 
  and because he 's desperate ( he may have had a secured job , starting with a house , maybe children , and bang !, 
  the latest laboral reform kicked in ) , you get him in . 
  unemployment is great . 
   crossing the border is easier , because of schengen area , but most of decrease occurred before accession of poland i think thats the point . 
  people who were criminals did n't care that much about the schengen area , but with it , there are more `` legit '' germans . 
  except the berlusconi part , that could be used word to word for spain . 
   it gets funnier , do n't worry . 
  - spain, 
  that would raise a good shitstorm , though . 
  or/and spain . 
  both cheap , both nice weather and both have a lot of good places to visit ( the alhambra is incredible ) . 
  assuming they even got paid , which is not as frequent as you would think lately . 
   spain - all they do is siesta and ** throw donkeys off roofs ** . 
   what ? 
  as a spaniard , i have never heard of `` towel sellers '' either . 
  basque country/navarre are in a better shape . 
  altough catalonia generates more money globally , its because of the size . 
  the industralization of basque country is pretty low , and with navarre they have a lowish unemployment ( compared to the rest of spain ) . 
  then again , basque country has been wanting independence for quite a bit . 
  the easiest way to fix thatis giving paternity leaves . 
  gross , at least thats what i supposedly had during a year ( also programmer ) . 
  tons of unpaid extra hours . 
  of course , they delayed payments , i didnt got paid at all , just in time for the reform of the new gov. 
  so i havent seen money . 
  i heard the company is still doing the same , refreshing employees ( most of them over qualified ) so they dont pay them . 
  at least , i continue my studies on university , but the situation is totally fucked up . 
  it should be noted that programmer is a job totally undervalued on spain . 
  some of the people asked were quite old . 
  some of those lived in postwar europe and they didnt have the oportunity of a basic school . 
  it makes all austerity measures look like jokes to fuck people up ... oh wait . 
  yeah , but pretty borders ... 
  nope . 
  our best bet is basque country + navarra + rioja , or abandon the lower part of navarra ( which makes sense btw ) . 
  those would make a decent box . . 
  dude , galicia + catalonia independence make this much better . 
  in the middle a box , a triangle ( catalonia ) to the east and to the west , a rectangle ( portugal ) with a box ( galicia ) . 
  but union should translate to or ... 
  they even come from the logical definitions of and ( ^ ) and or ( v ) . 
  housing is so much better than in spain , and while salaries are slighty better , the difference ai n't that big . 
  nvm , it was this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indian_navy_multi-role_support_vessel_programme, 
  did n't they bought a carrier from spain recently ? 
  this bit :  the origin of sinterklaas and his helpers has been linked by some to the wild hunt of wodan . 
  riding the white horse sleipnir he flew through the air as the leader of the wild hunt . 
  he was always accompanied by two black ravens , huginn and muninn . 
  [ 3 ] those helpers would listen , just like zwarte piet , at the chimney -- which was just a hole in the roof at that time -- to tell wodan about the good and bad behaviour of the mortals, 
  woah , til . 
  after playing tw3 , it 's even better . 
  where naughty children go ? 
  spain ? 
  if you let people turn it off , people/malicious software will do it . 
  this renders the thing pointless . 
  not having one has tainted the image of the os too much . 
  i can understand the argument of using competitors , but i do n't think microsoft wants a fair fight : if they bundle windows defender and make it useful , people will abandon the competitors and simple use windows defender , which is always going to be more stable because it 's officially supported by microsoft , while other av programs have to use a lots of tricks . 
  windows update can be turned off . 
  windows defender ca n't , for obvious reasons . 
  yeah , but we have already bombed them ... 
  i think psoe-c 's is more likely, 
  i would say zigeunerweisen is well known , not as much as his dances , but still . 
  fun fact : he appears in one of the sherlock holmes books . 
  reap what you sow . 
  obviously , the lack of faith on the rotating sun god punished us . 
  those are awesome . 
  that naval insignia with gold on black ... 
  [ shurikens ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/24/23ej.png ) look cooler . 
  wth france : * general de brigade -  2 stars * general de division -  3 stars * general de corps d'armee -  4 stars * general d'armee -  5 stars * marechal de france -  7 stars why ? 
   the spanish were by far the worst , and that 's why they were the black legend it does n't mean what you think it means ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_legend, 
  thats the thing china or brazil do . 
  it 's good for domestic economies , not much for everything else . 
  i do n't think it rules out pp . 
  pp will be the highest voted of the four ( they will just start piling up populist ideas like lower taxes ) and will seek an alliance with c 's . 
  i will be surprised if we even see arrests ( other than corruptions ) . 
  they will just argue for a long long long time , in an amazing display of spanish-catalan efficency . 
  that 's because poland is a realtively homogenous country . 
  spain is a mess held together by glue . 
  no , but the people in prison is used as victims of the spanish state by basque nationalists often . 
  there 's like 1 million british in spain . 
  that 's a shit ton , and they can form their own communities . 
  and framing another 250 eur ? 
  wow . 
  i recently framed a painting in a local shop , for 10 % of that . 
  and the `` two spains '' thing was already going strong since the century before , with several smaller civil wars . 
  even napoleon had allies when he invaded . 
  also in spain , specially in the north . 
  best thing to eat in a cold , snowy day !, 
  and spaniards , which is funny because there 's a fucking million of people from the uk in spain . 
  if you think that 's bad , you should see spain . 
  attracts the absolute worst .
