  spain does n't want gibraltar . 
  gibraltar does n't want to be spanish . 
  the uk do n't even want to join schengen , why would it cede gibraltar ? 
  the issue is that it 's a tax heaven of super easy access . 
  rajoy is for sure is acting as a retard , but there is provocation from both sides . 
  co-operation in this matter will not be reached , i think . 
  but i do n't think this will escalate further . 
  we will get news about this drama for a long long time ... 
  they are the biggest weapon exporter in the world . 
  no , they did n't . 
  this is a bismark quote :  europe today is a powder keg and the leaders are like men smoking in an arsenal ... a single spark will set off an explosion that will consume us all ... 
  i can not tell you when that explosion will occur , but i can tell you where ... 
  some damned foolish thing in the balkans will set it off he also more or less predicted the time of the war :  jena came twenty years after the death of frederick the great ; the crash will come twenty years after my departure if things go on like this '' he died in 1898 , wwi started on 1914 . 
  16 years ( close enough ) . 
  the uk disagrees with the idea of schengen area , so they get what they ask for . 
  wait , andalusia getting independent from spain ? 
  so you do n't even need to rent ? 
  sounds like a really good saving . 
  you may want to cross post it to / r/earthporn, 
  the people in charge would be arrested systematically , i suppose . 
  they ca n't arrest everyone , so i guess they would end up with a bunch of workers from spain collecting taxes and all ? 
  i mean , there could be constant protests , but i do n't think they just could stop spain from collect taxes . 
  i would guess it 's because although they are richer regions , they still buy a lot of the stuff from the poorer regions for really cheap . 
  a simple example would be catalans having to pay way more for food . 
  also , banks and companies are forced to be smaller , or be divided in two zones that work differently . 
  i do n't know , but having the czech as southern but not spain feels wrong . 
  moustache bros ? 
  between this and that gay map ... 
  the map is hilarious though . 
  those tuiton fees in spain are misleading . 
  it 's easily double that , depending on the career ( i parid 20.5 $ / credit this year , and it 's first enrollment . 
  yay for engineers ! ), 
  seriously ? 
  is that real ? 
  it looks like it was written by a kid . 
  yeah , navarre loves its fueros . 
  navarre also has its own police . 
  that 's awesome , and it seems like it has brilliant stuff . 
  the site contains really nice high quality images too if someone wants to look , but the designer should be shot on sight . 
  it 's really hard to navigate over collections and view the high res images properly . 
  i do n't think spain is in limited circunstances/rounding the bill . 
  it 's straight up rounding the bill like in france . 
  also , going to london it 's extremely cheap . 
  no , the uk seems to hate the schengen idea which would have solved this ages ago . 
  the thing is not the land itself , but the water and the smuggling . 
  as / u/matrisylva said , just join schengen and be done with it . 
  ... like now ? 
  unlikely , but be aware that the spanish crisis is no joke . 
  consider austria more , even with 1 year of military service . 
   5 zettabytes  that 's absurd . 
  impossible . 
  i do n't think the writers knows anything about the subject . 
   and , let us face it : some of the finest technologies in cyber defence , such as cryptology in data communication and storage , are produced in germany . 
   ...  the writer is chief executive of the federation of german industries  okay then . 
   the greek people would get their asses up to kick their politicians butts !, 
   did n't greece had massive protests ? 
  context ? 
  well , that explains british behavior when they come to spain . 
   how is it that the gov ' t has not been dissolved ? 
   what will you do ? 
  there is a really big brain drain here . 
  spain has a expensive cost of living due to the euro , but it usually depended on its cheapness ( to tourism and industry ) . 
  with the euro however spain just ca n't compete with cheaper countries with no regulations . 
  you would think that startups would be the solution , and there is a fair amount of them . 
  problem is that the spanish system is quite shit , with a lot of bureaucracy ( not to mention the huge amount of money to start ) . 
  it 's no problem though , literally every week a new politician is discovered in corruption cases , many of them with quite huge figures . 
  and shitty banks still continue to operate with eu money despite their fraudulent practices ( like bankia ) . 
  and prices still high . 
  dat bubble ... 
  what 's the context of that image ? 
  i do n't think there is a spaniard that fits oberyn , though . 
  damn , i searched youtube and twitch but all videos are taken down . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/14ys88/hi_guys_im_reapered_sry_for_being_ignorantbad/ ) is one of them saying sorry . 
  poor guy , really . 
  clearly , another eighty years ' war is on the works . 
  this reminds me of a bunch of lol asian players who did something like that in cologne after winning . 
  they intended to do a superman salute , but because they were holding the prize it looked like a nazi salute for some . 
  [ here ] ( http://beefjack.com/news/victorious-korean-league-of-legends-sk-telecom-team-give-cologne-crowd-a-nazi-salute/ ) it is . 
  i bet he was just being a retard not thinking about it . 
  the good part is that you may not get paid at all !, 
  i do n't understand a word , but polish sounds fantastic . 
  not in spain , at least . 
  just with shipping costs is already better to order amazon.co.uk . 
  i recently upgraded my computer , but as much as i looked , there is no way to buy it on spain , it 's far too expensive . 
  wow , i guess that in navarre they are too drunk to feel traumatized . 
   needless to say , that most tourist leave the ` plazas ' traumatized and some even crying i have never ever seen that . 
  maybe some unimpressed , bored or something else , but traumatized ? 
  i would like to see a map with eolic energy instead . 
  or even better , total renewable energy . 
  to be fair , this is proves nothing at all . 
  i mean , if he did illegal transactions , is he going to put them ? 
  obviously not , they are illegal . 
  no , that 's different , because it was the south american who wanted the independence . 
  the jews got expulsed from spain against their will , the americans got expulsed from spain after fighting for their independence . 
  what kind of places you want to see ? 
  mountains and natural landscapes , or architecture ? 
  or history ? 
  europe is big for 3 weeks , pick a zone ( south/north/east / west ) and an interest ( like natural landscapes ) and we could help you more . 
  while i think it 's a great move from iceland , i do n't think the fbi will care the slightest . 
  this is * totally * surprising .
