it was the same with russia after the whole thing with crimea . 
  shame really . 
  i thought they was doing the ` to all a good night ' from the night before christmas . 
  it 's been caught in the anti-uk meta . 
  it will never escape now . 
  from 2010 though . 
  uk has no where near only 25 % now . 
  well seeing as our veto just blocked the thing you are whining about , clearly it does . 
  you are wrong and that 's why you got downvoted to shit on your original comment . 
  get over it . 
  err last time i checked we are still in the eu . 
  our opinion and vetos will matter until we leave . 
  trying to change the process of a vote by removing a specific group because `` they do n't agree with you '' is the opposite of democracy . 
  it 's more important to make sure the eu is working how we want to whilst we are in it . 
  then when we leave , you do n't need our opinion anymore . 
  it 's called out choice . 
  as long as we are in , we have the power to veto what we want . 
  getting in a tissy is n't going to help anything . 
  your choice is to convince us to change our minds ( we wo n't ) or wait until we fully leave and revote . 
  removing countries powers because they do n't agree with you . 
  how nazilike ... 
  the veto power is sabotage now ... what ... 
  when we leave , have the vote again and then it may pass . 
  plus you have a uk flair too . 
  these subreddit is a massive anti-uk pro-eu circlejerk since brexit happened . 
  this subreddit used to be pretty upbeat too but it 's mostly politics now . 
  i would be more interested if this would be by country instead . 
  the uk would be so vastly different . 
  is math different in lithuania or something ? 
  have no clue why you are getting downvoted for a genuinely good question . . 
  because racism never exited before brexit ... 
  i have no clue what their accent is . 
  i think it might be a mix of dutch and english but it sounds really incoherent . 
  i ca n't understand them either half the time . 
  it also says she knew she was transgender since she was 4 ... 
  he describes himself as transgender https://i.gyazo.com/cde01fb12bb2132326e31c45aca15d6c.png, 
  thanks for this . 
  she 's transgender . 
  thanks , 
  do you have any clips ? 
  i 've seen none from here : /, 
  interesting that those most use to migrants say they are bad such as greece or italy . 
  12th generation yorkshireman and an immigrant probably have the same english levels , 
  it 's almost like this is an issue ... 
  i would say it 's relative to how many people are born in a country compared to how many immigrants join as a permanent resident . 
  yeah that 's what the stats say too . 
  i would think it would be interesting tbh . 
  [ according to the poll very few want to join ireland but that could all change ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/92/northern_ireland_life_and_times_survey_constitutional_preference.png/1000px-northern_ireland_life_and_times_survey_constitutional_preference.png ), 
  never  damn some people do n't like people playing around but in all seriousness it will never happen unless a vote occurs or something . 
  well i 'm sure a part of their economy is based on it . 
  people love to shit on child labour ( rightfully so ) but if these kids were not working , many would starve or would have to go work in factories or do prostitution . 
  it 's not pc but at least it helps . 
  do you have a lot of counter measures against earth quakes ? 
  south west england . 
  always wanted to experience a small earthquake :(, 
  you are missing the cannibalism out . 
  we have a lot of food grown here . 
  most is imported but we grow all kinds here, 
  perhaps your pro-eu media is telling you that uk is a hellhole for a reason . 
  do some research and you will see we are fine and we have the bargaining chip in this procedure . 
  yep . 
  they want to rush us but we will take our team prompting them to give us better deals to hurry us up with it . 
  also `` this thinking has gotten you into this mess '' . . 
  i do n't see any mess anywhere . 
  uk is fine and nothing will change . 
  i honestly expected less . 
  i do n't mind . 
  better to take time and get shit sorted instead of rushing it . 
  eu members are trying to rush us with it but we can just ignore them . 
  just got to push muh agenda when it 's got absolutely nothing to do with it . . 
  okay india . 
  do n't you guys still ride horse and carriage and have no internet . 
  romania is like the india of europe . 
  you had communism not too long ago . . 
  your own country ... 
  hey look . 
  romania did something correct for once . 
  the only time guns are used is when they are called in specifically for a weapon related crime , very rare . 
  thanks for your educated response, 
  so one of the biggest fears about the eu was it becoming a superstate . . 
  it has a flag , an anthem , policies , a government and now according to people here , should have an army . 
  what dark times , so glad i escaped this, 
  same . 
  the issue with blm in america is they have a point but do it so awfully . 
  i would respect their movement if they did n't act so bigoted themselves . 
  blm in the uk is frankly stupid though and completely unneeded . 
  then surely what the elderly votes is normally the correct thing to vote then ? 
   ill every day minor mass shootings that only kill 4 or 5 when a minor mass shooting is 4 or 5 people . 
  that 's a massive issue . 
  we rarely have shootings of any kind . 
  this is newsworthy . 
  why would muslims attack a cinema ? 
  why would anyone attack a cinema ? 
  most likely fucked in the head . 
  in america a mass shooting is news and you have lots , that 's a fact . 
  europe does not get many and therefore it is news worthy . 
  misleading title . 
  russian athletes and russian athletics are completely different . . 
  i think k-pop girls would win if they went on as well . 
  there 's a difference between having a bad opinion in your opinion and not knowing any of the policies or what each party stands for .
