plenty of people do for widely varying reasons . 
  thinking that only xenophobes and bigots think that is a bit far-fetched . 
  that 's all . 
  your comment was specific to xenophobes and bigots . 
  just wondering why the suggestion was restricted to them . 
  and all the other people that also are n't happy with the self censorship ? 
   the imbalance of the gender wage gap has a direct impact on global economics . 
  as talented females struggle to thrive in the workforce , it affects a country 's ability to generate sustainable growth and create jobs . 
  do n't you just love random unsubstantiated conclusions ? 
  the lump sum `` pay gap '' says nothing about a talented female 's ability to thrive in the workforce . 
  the comedian is literally hitler !, 
  my best friend is from riga and my girlfriend is from tallinn . 
  both are great cities to visit , they have beautiful city centers . 
  odd , at my ( dutch ) university most of the students seemed more liberal/right leaning than left leaning . 
  i guess it was because the university is mostly aimed at entrepeneurship and stem instead of liberal arts . 
  so he 's just being honest ? 
  you do n't think every other president thought the exact same thing and just did n't say it because people would flip out over it ? 
  i 'm not a fan of trump but i 'd rather have someone openly talk about when they would or would n't use nukes , instead of denying they 'd ever use them in public but having contingency plans in secret anyway . 
  i see your point but you 'd hope people at a university would behave less crazy than most of the population . 
  i 'm dutch and my girlfriend is estonian . 
  this major difference has not been lost on us . 
  it changes the whole dynamic of a culture . 
  a swedish friend of mine told me he wants to leave the country the moment he graduates . 
  he sees no future for himself there . 
  he 's not even sure where he wants to go , just knows that he does n't want to live in sweden . 
  he told me it 's happening a lot but of course i took it as anecdotal evidence and therefore with a grain of salt . 
  anyone know how trustworthy this source is ? 
  now i 'm getting curious . 
  not that shocking . 
  american companies should be aware by now that writing something in your tos does n't mean people actually have to follow it . 
  that might work in the usa but that shit wo n't fly in continental europe . 
  you ca n't mandate a court that has to be used as that infringes on the rights of the person in question as they are protected by law in many continental european countries . 
  from what i understand here in the netherlands there is a black list of tos requirements that basically get rejected by courts right from the start . 
  then there is also a grey list where the court can see if the requirement is unessecarily burdening the customer , the court will assume any provision on this list is not allowed , as the company the burden of proof is on you to show that this provision is fair . 
  essentially any tos with a crap rule about only being allowed to sue in a specific court you can just agree to as that provision would 100 % get thrown out the minute you take them to court . 
  not surprising france is taking a similar approach . 
  essentially it means i am allowed to sue the company in my place of residence and a company is not allowed to keep me from doing so ( this text is more specific to affairs inside the country as it is aimed at informing smaller businesses ) . 
  it works for bikes ? 
  the country of origin would simply refuse . 
  unless you pay them for it of course , which would incentivize those countries to send their criminals our way so they can get paid for putting them in their own prison anyway . 
  i love how it started off as a warning from the usa that the uk would no longer be a part of the trade deal . 
  now that it starts to be more and more clear that almost nobody wants this deal the whole story has changed . 
  absolutely love it !, 
  i 'd say give them their jail time and after the jailtime forcibly eject them from the schengen area immediatly . 
  we do n't just want these people to go free to just come back anyway through smuggles . 
  i know the center of tallinn better than i know the center of amsterdam haha . 
  i love walking around there ( when it 's a bit warmer ) . 
  mostly used in the form of oerwoud ( jungle ), 
  it 's the same in latvia . 
  i visited a few times , it 's very weird as a dutch person but luckily i have a local friend that i travelled with . 
  funny enough in estonia it does seem to work properly . 
  why do some people try to make everything a competition ? 
  pretend that admitting that men who were raped might also need help somehow harms women who were raped ? 
  what kind of mental gymnastics is this ? 
  we should provide care to all rape victims regardless of sex or gender . 
  if you stand in the way of that then maybe you are n't the champion of good that you think you are and it is time for some serious introspection about the positions you hold . 
  if you think that male and female rape victims should n't share a space then provide valid alternatives that would not rack up costs to the point where these seperate male centers would never be built , because they really would n't . 
  perhaps seperate areas in the same clinics would be a feasible solution . 
  do n't just try to shut down care given to men . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  - balance of , and checks for , power - freedom of expression - equality of opportunity, 
  patatje oorlog all the way !, 
  with mayonaise , sateh ( peanut ) sauce and onion !, 
  exactly . 
  the way to respond is not through clamping down on foreigners , as the right does , or clamping down on those complaining about the foreigners , as the left does . 
  neither position is fruitful . 
  a liberal alternative is what is needed . 
  in the netherlands liberals are actually historically considered right wing . 
  they 're hardly real liberals anymore anyway but that 's besides the point . 
  so yea my main beef with this article is that they fail to see that they are just as much a part of the problem as these parties . 
  the resurgence of real liberal alternatives is the only thing that can stem the tide . 
  accept that not everyone who is against refugees is immediatly a flaming racist , and accept that being accepting of refugees does n't make you a traitor who loves terrorists . 
  realize that liberal solutions to these problems , upholding personal freedoms , is the only way to get anywhere with this , and realize that nobody is offering this option right now . 
  no it is very much not whataboutism . 
  if the left fails to offer any liberal alternatives to the point where people see these `` right wing populists '' as a preferable alternative to the left wing authoritarians that is very relevant to this piece . 
  the only way to stem the tide of these groups is to offer viable alternatives . 
  it requires deep introspection on the side of the left about where it went wrong . 
  finger pointing is the last thing that will help them , it has done them absolutely no good so far , things have only gotten worse . 
  there is only one solition against the parties they are complaining about , and that is to offer viable alternatives . 
  there are no other options . 
  their `` solution '' is that people should just vote `` better '' . 
  the problem is a vote for the parties they support at this point is hardly any better at all . 
  make your side better and people will vote for you , do n't just proclaim you are better and expect people to suddenly think you 're not full of shit anymore . 
  luckily in the netherlands there is a better alternative for me ( although i 'm not too sure anymore ) but in many other countries i would n't see any . 
  still i 'd rather not vote than vote for these kind of parties anyway . 
  if one person encourages another to commit murder then that person is partially responsible for the act . 
  it does not diminish the responsibility of the person that actually commits the murder one tiny bit , but the person who encouraged it , or provided him/her with the means to commit the murder also has a responsibility . 
  at that point it is n't about ideas anymore but it is about specific actions . 
  as is the case here . 
  in my opinion encouraging people to think favorably of is should not be against the law , encouraging people to travel there and join them , or to actually support them from here through recruiting for them or providing funds , should be against the laws , as this relates directly to actions and leaves the realm of ideas . 
  and this is what the article was about , not simply about voicing support , although the article 's title is very deceptive indeed . 
  yea , that 's the idea you 'd get from the title but if you read their charges you see all of them relate to specific actions that lead to people commiting crimes . 
  not simply stating that you support is . 
  i 'm not sure that is illegal here but i do n't think it is . 
  it 'll get you some extra attention from dutch intelligence agencies , that 's for sure though . 
  there 's plenty of illiberalism on the left too . 
  if you really want to combat illiberalism , give the peope real liberal alternatives to vote for . 
  not right wing authoritarians and left wing authoritarians . 
  do n't just try to pin it on the right and pretend that everything is fine on the left side . 
  now there is a line in the freedom of speech i can agree with .
