  * ongoing discussions about the implementation of a more direct democratic approach . 
  * according to a survey , 47 % of austrians support croatian membership - that 's the most support any candidate has ever had in austria ( e : or rather the highest support concerning current candidate countries ) . 
  * the annual danube island festival in vienna took place , a three days long music festival free of admission . 
  with its 3 million visitors it 's the largest open-air festival in europe . 
  * oh i forgot : alpine , austria second biggest construction company , went bankrupt . 
  e : two possible mistakes in one news post ... i 'm embarrassed . 
  [ europe at night from space , ~ 2000 years ago ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pmvhchm.jpg ), 
  only if we 're planning to pay a visit to our dear friends in constantinople . 
  i 'm not much into folk , but there can only be one : [ hubert von goisern - koa hiatamadl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vq1em5egnjm ), 
  as long as we do n't add a - li suffix to every noun , it 's probably not * that * bad :d, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1n1cgk9p_a ), 
  cheese laundering ? 
  i 'd say `` des '' and `` guad '' are too bavarian . 
  probably more like `` ja , ds isch guet z verstah gsi . '', 
  swiss joke : the swiss and austrian flags are very similar , only the swiss flag has a plus and the austrian a minus . 
  it 's so much easier when written . 
  those abbreviations do n't seem to be used in daily life though , and really , without meaning to be rude , they are stupid . 
  i did n't know that there is an iso code for continents too , i stand corrected . 
  making eu an abb for europe though is a very poor choice ; probably it was made before the european union came into existence . 
  thing is , it does n't really change my point . 
  * nobody * here says eu when talking about europe as a whole . 
  more frequently though you will hear someone say europe , when in fact he 's talking about the eu . 
  both cause confusion and should n't be done , as this very thread proves . 
  the bottom line is , either you continue to use eu for europe , but irritate everybody , or you accept my advice and just do n't abbreviate europe as a continent at all . 
  eu is european union , and europe is europe ( but , again , beware that someone might say europe when actually talking about the eu ) ; that 's really the easiest way to handle things . 
  sorry , but those abbreviations are pretty ridiculous . 
  austria is `` as '' ? 
  netherlands `` du '' ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't know where they are used , but normally countries are abbreviated by iso code and continents do n't have an iso code . 
  i agree that na typically is used for north america , but that 's about it . 
  i 've never heard of asia being shortened `` as '' ( oh and that 's austria too according to this site . . huh ) . 
  anyway , nobody uses eu to abbreviate europe . 
  it 's the european union . 
  using it for both europe and the european union would lead to lots and lots of confusion . 
  the hell ? 
  why should there be an abbreviation for europe ? 
  you do n't need to question the survey , as it was done by the commission . 
  baycitytroller is quoting [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_386_en.pdf ) survey from 2012 ( or maybe an older version ) , according to which - if we remain with the example of denmark - 86 % of the danes asked deem themselves able to have a conversation in english ; but only 44 % state that their command of english is `` very good '' . 
   it 's not unreasonable ; there 's an entire subreddit of danes . 
  [ 1 ] / r/denmark now that 's a very scientific approach . 
  sure there are something like pan-eu issues , but those are mostly debated within national and language borders since pretty much all of the media is national too ( and it 's way easier to debate in your native tongue ) . 
  what 's more , the eu does not have competence in most of the more 'em otional ' topics like gay marriage or abortion to name but two . 
  with the recent economic crisis , the eu sure got more attention though ; but even then , debates will mostly happen on a national level . 
  you really should n't be surprised about that , since the eu as a political union outside economic competency still is very young . 
  it was established only in 1992 . 
  and even though we do have the european parliament , the elections take place on national level . 
  we do n't have eu-wide elections . 
  maybe when this will be changed , there will be more paneuropean debates . 
  der standard ( left-leaning ) , die presse ( more conservative ) and salzburger nachrichten are generally considered to be quality newspapers . 
  yep , that 's austria . 
  i linked the image in the last sunday news thread . 
  yup , if you think about it that 's actually a quite logical step after the ausgleich with hungary . 
  probably would have happened if it were n't for wwi . 
  no one needs to know about our secret nuclear submarine fleet in neusiedlersee . 
  uh , i mean we do n't have one . 
  that 's because we speak bavarian  ( e : well except for the people in vorarlberg ), 
  i do n't think what d4lm3t said is true . 
  there are quite a lot of s\u00fcdtiroler pl\u00e4tze all over austria and afaik they were given the name after wwi , as the cession of s\u00fcdtirol ( quite understandingly ) triggered lots of anger . 
  i agree though that the topic of s\u00fcdtirol is met with indifference today . 
  debates are mostly sparked by either the italian or south-tyrolean governments . 
  joke 's on you , we do have a lot of kangaroo incidents . 
  that 's just too confusing for me . 
  to my knowledge , there are several myths but nobody really knows . 
  there you go : http://www.bmwfj.gv.at/familie/familienpolitik/seiten/kinderhaltenoesterreichjung.aspx, 
   vienna sausage ah yes , the viennese sausage , known as `` frankfurter '' in austria , referring to the german city of frankfurt . 
  we 're so weird . 
   the environmental ministry will probably end up as a broom closet within the agricultural one . 
  please do n't do that . 
  our minister for environmental and agricultural affairs ( now called * lebensministerium * , literally ` life ministry ' ) only strives to protect the agricultural lobby . 
  it 's such a pain . 
  no prob , 
  gee , i 've seen one of those ads and i feel like i want to make a baby now . 
  it 's for the good of the country !, 
  nah , the austrian bundesrat is a more or less powerless institution , both de jure and even more so de facto . 
  so your senate seems to be something along the lines of an estates house ( i think that 's the correct term ? 
  they are not peacekeepers , they are observers . 
  if fighting breaks out , they have to run to the bunkers and wait until it stops . 
  there 's really no sense in that . 
  undof is a rather weak mandate , as opposed to e.g. 
  unfil i think . 
  plus , it 's not like the decision comes out of the blue ; austria has already threatened to withdraw its troops , if the eu weapons embargo is not extended . 
  the philippines have been thinking about that too . 
  also , the troops wo n't be withdrawn tomorrow , but in 4 to 6 weeks . 
  maybe the situation will change over the course of the coming weeks . 
  is there a swedish princess left or are all of them married now ? 
  why does the government want to abolish the senate ? 
  austria * austria will withdraw its 380 un soldiers from golan heights at the syrian-israeli border after 40 years of presence in the light of battles between the syrian army and opposition forces in the abandoned town of quneitra within the demilitarised zone , the eu weapons embargo not being extended , the abduction of philippine un soldiers and an austrian convey being attacked on the way to damaskus . 
  israel thinks this is a poor and somewhat cowardly move . 
  our vice-chancellor said that we will maybe return , if the mandate is changed , since the current undof observer mission does n't really allow the un troops to do anything ( except observe ) . 
  * frank stronach returned , yay . 
  he donated 500.000 $ to help the victims of the floodings in austria , which is cool ( though , in relation to his wealth , it 's probably less then some normal citizens donate ) . 
  unfortunately he thought it 's a good idea to give a press conference at the hilton in vienna , where he announced he is not going to donate to existing and well established funds , but instead found his own fund ( ` frank 's floodings help ' ) . 
  also , he wants all state employees to donate 10 % of their salary to his fund . 
  according to him the existing funds are not transparent . 
  at the press conference though he did n't answer to questions he did n't like . 
  oh , and of course all of that got absolutely nothing to do with his party and the upcoming elections . 
  * our minister for economy and family affairs wants austrians to produce more babies . 
  so he spent 800.000 $ on a billboard campaign telling us how awesome children are . 
  * some cool images depicting the mobile dams : http://derstandard.at/1369362545733/die-schutzdaemme-an-der-donau-sind-bis-zum-rand-voll ( the sign in the second image says ` boats crossing ' ) * football : we beat sweden 2-1 , hooray !,
