  frederick the great ? 
  well , but you might as well say she could have lost everything else too . 
  why , if i may ask ? 
  well yes of course it 's just my own observations here . 
  since i do n't have to talk in english in austria i just transgressed from the experiences i had hearing other people talk in english ( or trying to ) . 
  interesting point on the universities though . 
  among young , educated people the difference might not be that big , though even there i 'm certain finns do better than austrians . 
  what struck me more was that you can communicate with almost anybody in english . 
  in austria even in university you ca n't take it as a given that a teacher knows english that well . 
  in finland ? 
  no problem . 
  there have been very few situations here in which i could not talk in english . 
  i very much doubt that . 
  finland most definitely has a higher english proficiency level than austria . 
  i do n't know so much about economy , but to me this seems much more interesting than the decrease in interest rate :  it has also reduced its deposit rate below zero , to -0.1 % , which means commercial banks will have to pay to lodge their money with the central bank , rather than receive interest . 
  i have never heard of something like this before . 
  in absolute numbers ? 
  well i guess it could happen that the number of unemployed people rises while the percentage decreases or stays stable . 
  but it 's an eurostat statistic , meaning that the same principles apply to all countries - that 's the whole idea of eurostat , is n't it ? 
  i do n't see how austria could add students as employed while other countries ca n't . 
  as far as i know the low unemployment figures of austria are mostly linked to two reasons : 1 ) austria has had low unemployment figures for a long time and was n't hit as hard by the economic crisis as other countries were , plus it apparently managed to come up with some working mechanisms to deal with what hit it , and 2 ) the average retirement age in austria is comparatively low . 
  i 'm not so sure about this article , especially the part about merkel . 
  according to the austrian paper * der standard * , which claims to be in possession of the ( secret ) protocols of the meeting of the conservative pms and the meeting of all eu pms thereafter , merkel supports juncker . 
   ( ... ) merkel - in both meetings - never said that she could in any way oppose or prevent an election of juncker to be commission president . 
  the secret protocol of the summit succinctly states : `` germany ( merkel ) makes clear that she could support juncker , who is a member of the epp . '', 
  according to this opinion it is van rompuy , actually and not so open-heartedly as cameron , orban and reinfeldt , who tries prevent juncker from becoming commission president . 
  it 's an interesting read , but obviously in german : http://derstandard.at/2000001689817/nach-merkel-festlegung-beginnt-nuneine-schlammschlacht-gegen-juncker also , the government spokesman of merkel just announced again today , that merkel supports juncker :  it is completely clear that she advocates jean-claude juncker to be next european commission president . 
  well , probably not if you 're staying at an all-inclusive resort without ever sticking your nose out of the gates ( though i guess that 's nice too , sometimes ) , but traveling to experience other countries , different cultures , meet different people , eat different food , just see the world , hell yes , that 's very important for me . 
  which is not a factor of geography or climate though . 
  i guess that 's what / u/nihy is pointing out here . 
   merkel for juncker as president of the commission  the german chancellor angela merkel ( cdu ) spoke in favour of the winner of the ep elections , jean-claude juncker , becoming the new president of the commission . 
  `` this is why i conduct all conversations in this spirit , that jean-claude juncker should become president of the eu commission '' , merkel said today at the katholikentag ( catholics ' day ) in regensburg . 
  look at the bottom left corner , 
  interesting view point , and yes , i guess once again it will boil down to the direction merkel heads to . 
  and maybe cameron 's motives are really much more directed towards national politics than european politics as , if i 'm correct , it 's not so sure at the moment whether he will survive the next elections or not . 
  same goes for sweden , though i 'm not sure about the stance of the swedish social-democrats on eu issues . 
  interesting times , as always , 
  sorry i did not mean to say that the british electorate is stupid , that was a bit of a pointed remark , i was more pointing towards the direction of your assumptions maybe being not completely right in that you think that the overwhelming majority of brits - or actually british voters - is against further integration . 
  anyway , i 'm not completely sure how this became a discussion about what the british voters meant to say . 
  it 's the complete european electorate that counts , and regardless of what some voters meant to say or not , which is mere speculation , the ep to my mind has legitimacy , even though i will gladly agree that this legitimacy is developable . 
  the thing is , if you want a more democratic eu the only way to achieve this is a stronger and more legitimate ep and cameron currently is doing everything to subvert this . 
  i 'm not really sure if that is what the british public wants , but in any case it 's detrimental to the eu . 
  well it 's a broad analogy , i am aware that the councils are not really what a federal chamber is , but i feel like this federal system was at least thought of when `` designing '' the eu architecture ( though this is a rather complicated topic ) and it 's the closest resemblance i can come up with . 
  a real , elected federal chamber is maybe something for a future somewhere down the path ( or maybe not , you never know ) . 
  only if a qualified majority of the council wants this to happen , which i find rather unlikely . 
  cameron can only try to build a blocking minority willing to block the council permanently , which would cost quite a bit of good-will though . 
  plus , the ep can decided to block other projects as revenge . 
  maybe projects important to cameron , i 'm sure there 's something . 
  what i meant by saying that `` reform '' is an empty buzzword is , that it really depends on the political ideology and political players what this word is filled with . 
  in your view , for example , it apparently means stopping further integration , in the view of many others , it means increased integration . 
  both will say `` reform '' , but mean completely different things . 
  ( in that regard i find it funny how juncker is viewed as an absolute federalist in the uk , when he is probably the guy most deferential to what pms want . ), 
  i wo n't speculate on the intentions of the british public when voting on their meps . 
  if you say people vote for pro-european meps despite not wanting further integration , then either your electorate is stupid or your presumptions are wrong . 
  if your meps are against further integration anyways , then i really do n't see your point . 
  they are free to vote for whatever they want regardless of their alliance . 
  on the question of british meps not representing the uk , i 'll give you an analogy of my home country , which is a federal country : our parliament is composed of two chambers , a national and a federal one . 
  the national one is voted on in national elections and i do not expect a candidate i voted for to defend the interests of my home town , home region or home state , but my ideology and personal interests . 
  the members of the federal chamber are sent in by the state parliaments and are there , at least in theory , to defend the interests of their home state . 
  you can very much argue the eu to be similar to this system . 
  the ep in this analogy is the national chamber , the councils the federal chamber . 
  i hope i made my point clear . 
   taking into account the elections to the european parliament and after having held the appropriate consultations , the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall propose to the european parliament a candidate for president of the commission . 
  this candidate shall be elected by the european parliament by a majority of its component members . 
  if he does not obtain the required majority , the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall within one month propose a new candidate who shall be elected by the european parliament following the same procedure . 
  the council can only put forward a candidate , the ep decides on that candidate , therefore the ep can block any candidate . 
  but i 'm actually not talking about whether it is legal or not , i 'm talking about whether it is democratic or not . 
  ( edit : and yes , the eu is not a country , but we both know that at the same time it is so much more than a mere international organisation )  cameron should stand his ground . 
  and then what ? 
  the ep faction leaders have been more than clear about not accepting anybody else than their candidates for the commission presidency . 
  now - and this is a legal argument - ultimately the ep decides on who is going to be the next president of the commission . 
  do you seriously think the ep will suddenly accept somebody different ? 
  for this matter , i actually fail to see a bit , exactly what cameron tries to achieve here , if not just a mere pose , a farce , to show uk voters that he 's a strong man . 
  of course we always have to reform - though `` reform '' is nothing more than a buzzword , empty of any meaning . 
  but i do n't see how what cameron tries to achieve does any good to this . 
  if by reform we mean that we want a more democratic eu , then cameron is pulling in the opposite direction and what 's even more , he simply can not be allowed to do that for not setting a precedent . 
  the power for the current decision must remain with the ep and i sincerely hope that the ep is strong enough in this fight . 
  in my mind these backdoor deals are to a large extent what makes the eu seem or be undemocratic and now we start with that all over again . 
  i can not really concur with you that pms have more democratic legitimacy than the ep , even more so in eu matters . 
  the former are not directly elected , the latter is . 
  yes , turnout is low , but it 's at something like 43 % i think and it 's also the first time that turnout remained stable . 
  43 % , yes that 's low , but i do n't think it 's that low to deny the ep 's legitimacy . 
  plus , on the issue of front-runners , i feel like many people did vote with that in mind . 
  what cameron does is an insult to me and my vote . 
  oh and also , yes , cameron certainly is a more legitimate representative of the uk than the meps britain sent to the ep ; but that 's because it 's not the job of those meps to represent the uk ( though most certainly the ones of ukip have n't heard of that before ... but they also probably wo n't be seen in the committees anyway , like mr. farage ) . 
  i know that the treaty is regrettably unspecific on this point and therefore most probably you 're right that there is no legal requirement - though i would like to mention that for this to be certain of , we would also have to look into the materials ( as it is the case with any law ) . 
  i never said that what cameron does is unlawful . 
  i am saying that it 's not in line with normal principles of a democracy as can be seen in any developed democratic country . 
  my post was an answer to the question of `` is it all that undemocratic ? '', 
  - yes , it is . 
  if you want the eu to be more democratic , you should adhere to the conventions - put down in law or not - of democratic countries , and i dare say that it is a convention that the strongest party has the first chance of forming a government . 
  i actually do n't really want juncker to be next president of the commission , but i know how democracy works . 
  jean asselborn is quite right when he described the current situation , what cameron most unfortunately achieved , as `` pathetic '' . 
  so if in the next uk elections ukip has the most gains , but comes in second or third , they should form the government because of `` the message the voters sent '' ? 
  the epp has won the most seats . 
  the epp 's candidate is juncker . 
  in what democratic country would that not mean that he should try to form a government first ? 
   in this case , they could easily that it would be undemocratic to elect somebody with less than a third of the vote , who won over his main contender by a mere 2 percentage points . 
  apart from the fact that i fail to see how this can be considered undemocratic , the question comes to mind if pushing in somebody else through the backdoor is so much more democratic . 
  i 'm just left wondering how this all would have turned out if s&d had won the election , when even a conservative candidate is too much for some conservative pms .
