if you break the law , consequences will follow . 
  rather essential to law . 
  oh propaganda made sure people were quite enthusiastic about the war ( in the beginning ) . 
  talking about franz joseph , not franz ferdinand  also , yes , franz joseph did n't like franz ferdinand so much . 
  i do n't not whether the latter was very liberal or not , but i 'm sure he was more progressive in that he saw the necessity of reforms to hold the monarchy together , e.g. 
  in the form of federalism . 
  of course , franz joseph on the other hand was rather conservative too and towards the end of his reign probably a bit out of touch with reality . 
  that she was treated as a second class person `` simply cause she was czech '' . 
  i very much doubt franz joseph took issue with her being czech ( and i 've never heard that version either ) , but it was rather a problem of her not being noble enough . 
   his wife was a czech noble woman , but was treated as a second class person , simply cause she was czech . 
  that 's not true . 
  she was noble , yes , but the emperor deemed her not be of sufficient rank within nobility ( and there was a bit of a dispute about the emperor 's stance within the habsburg family ) . 
  this , exactly this . 
  austria brought that on itself . 
  yeah , always blame the little ones . 
  common bully strategy . 
  spy !, 
  ^ ^ who ^ ^ said ^ ^ that ? 
  austria : ~ 10 % or rather any round number within the range of that , unless you 're not content with the service ( tipping is not as obligatory as in the us ) finland : no tipping czech republic : i think pretty similar to austria, 
  we 're such a romantic bunch of people . 
  oh i see , i misunderstood him then . 
  huh , austrian newspapers have been critically covering the orban administration for quite a long time now . 
  i think i can pretty much subscribe to this map and the reasoning . 
  except maybe only a `` like '' for italy . 
  i remember lots of tourists and boats in there . 
  still a nice sight , though . 
  wow , is this for real ? 
  that 's one ethically and morally objectionable ad if i 've ever seen one . 
  well , actually that would me make me vote in favour if i were n't already . 
  and as a result , 50 albanians threw bottles against an allegedly serbian coffeehouse in vienna . 
  the police could stop them , but then about 250 serbians joined the scene and tried to break through the police barricade . 
  luckily enough they failed due to heavy police presence at that point . 
  there are laws against human trafficking . 
  \u00a7 104a criminal code ( relevant pragraphs are number 5 and 3 ) : ( 1 ) any person who recruits , houses or otherwise receives , transports or offers or passes over to somebody else an adult person , with the intent that they will be exploited ( paragraph 3 ) , using unfair means ( paragraph 2 ) against this person , shall be punished with a prison sentence of six months to five years . 
  ( 2 ) unfair means include the use of force or dangerous threat , the deception of facts , the exploitation of a position of authority , a predicament , a mental illness or a condition that renders the person defenseless , the intimidation and the grant or receipt of an advantage for the transfer of control over the person . 
  ** ( 3 ) exploitation includes sexual exploitation , exploitation through removal of organs , exploitation of labour , exploitation for begging and exploitation to commit a criminal offense . 
  ** ** ( 5 ) any person who recruits , houses or otherwise receives , transports or offers or passes over to somebody else a minor , with the intent that they will be exploited ( paragraph 3 ) , shall be punished with a prison sentence of one to ten years . 
  ** source : https://www.ris.bka.gv.at/dokument.wxe?abfrage=bundesnormen&amp;dokumentnummer=nor40152319, 
  what about the holy land of tyrol ? 
  i think it 's still comparatively conservative and religious ( e : ofc not as much as the american south ) . 
  carinthia , on the other hand , is just ... special . 
  what ? 
  first of all , this is austrian law , it might be different in other countries . 
  second , no , you can not take a minor ( let alone child ) and go abroad , because , apart from the fact that this alone is illegal already , the minor of course needs a passport to travel as well . 
  which is something he or she wo n't carry with him . 
  third , as you posted already , special attention is payed to minors travelling not only alone , but also ( and probably even more so ) when travelling with somebody else apart from the family . 
  fourth , of course you could also just kill somebody , but you do n't do it , because it 's illegal . 
  fifth , parents waiting for their children after school is n't because they fear that their children might be abducted by some stranger who could bring them into another country and take their organs out . 
  cool , thanks again for the insight . 
  i just remembered a discussion i had with a guy from canada some time ago who was making fun of how much taxes we have to pay in europe while canadians , according to him , get the same amount of benefits with much lower taxes . 
  about 5 minutes after that discussion ended , he started a rant on how the infrastructure in his city is collapsing and the city council ( or regional government , i really do n't remember ) wanting to impose a new tax to finance improving it - which he opposed of course . 
  that probably fits what you described . 
  do you expect me to read everything if you 're too lazy to cite the relevant part ? 
  again i fail to see the part proving your argument . 
  the paragraph basically says that border guards shall pay more attention to minors . 
  border guards shall ensure , by means of checks on travel documents and supporting documents , that minors do n't travel against the wishes of persons having parental care . 
  but that 's it . 
  the paragraph does n't say anything about which documents are actually needed . 
  it does n't say that a minor * has to * carry supporting documents . 
  ------------ anyway , since you do n't seem to believe me in knowing the laws of my own country , i will make this sufficiently clear now by providing a source from the ministry of interior , which you will hopefully trust in knowing the laws . 
  source : http://www.bmi.gv.at/cms/bmi_begutachtungen/verordnung_stgb/grekog_und_stbg_vorblatt_und_erluterungen_begutachtung.pdf translation : '' ** according to the current legal situation , border guards do not have the authority to control whether , in case of an intended departure abroad of a minor , consent of a person having parental care regarding the border crossing exists . 
  ** '' this , by the way , is something the ministry of interior indeed wants to change by adding a new paragraph ( 1a ) to \u00a7 12a grenzkontrollgesetz ( border control act ) . 
  as you can see [ here ] ( https://www.ris.bka.gv.at/dokument.wxe?abfrage=bundesnormen&amp;dokumentnummer=nor40149075 ) , there 's paragraph ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , but no ( 1a ) inbetween , which means that this has n't become a law yet . 
  believe me now ? 
  yes , which is exactly what i wrote . 
  you need parental consent for a passport application . 
  that 's something different to actually leaving the country . 
   20 study countries ( cy , de , ee , fi , el , fr , hu , ie , it , lv , mt , nl , no , pt , ro , sk , si , es , se , uk ) cited the need for supporting documents in the form of parental authorisation in connection with a passport application . 
  ** parental authorisation/consent is required by most study countries as a supporting document to a passport application ** , although the age requirement varies among study countries . 
  nine study countries ( at , ch , cz , ee , lv , si , pt , ro , uk ) require written authorisation from or the application filled out by one parent/legal guardian . 
  no , he is right , also underage persons are allowed to leave the country , provided of course they have their own passport , which they may only acquire with the consent of their parents . 
  by the way , there 's absolutely no need to get personal like in your message below . 
  interesting . 
  but what about local roads , e.g. 
  even streets in suburban chicago ( certainly not a bad part of chicago ) were in a pretty bad condition . 
  actually , what was even more shocking , i saw several seemingly rotten , somewhat overloaded wooden utility poles in the city . 
  in austria you would basically only see wooden poles in some rural areas , other than that it 's all underground . 
  do n't get me wrong , i just do n't really understand how such a wealthy country is okay with that kind of infrastructure . 
  though , i 've been told you guys just have a bit of a different mentality when it comes to that ... something along the lines of `` use it , until it 's completely broken and then put minimal effort into repairing it '' . 
  oh man , driving on a us highway , when suddenly a huge pot-hole in the middle of the road appeared . 
  and that 's just one example . 
  the us is a great country , but your infrastructure sometimes reminded me of a third-world country . 
  most countries charge for non-eu/foreign citizens , that 's nothing unusual . 
  you have kind of a point with fachhochschulen , though i would have to point out that they are not universities in the strict sense . 
  ( and they are not allowed to charge `` whatever they want '' , but rather the normal tuition fee of 363 $ / semester , if they want to . ), 
  well it 's not wrong either . 
  you only have to pay if you lag behind . 
  why is austria only uk and us ? 
  after the fall of nazi germany , austria was divided into four occupation zones : uk , us , france and the soviet union ( the latter won the battle of vienna ) . 
  then of course you might also ask , if a country , that did n't even exist at that time , could be invaded . 
  if not , it 's nazi germany who invaded the last time . 
  which would spark the question though , if you could call that an invasion . 
  in the absence of any fights , i would n't say so ( even though there was a lot of political pressure and outright infiltration ) . 
  lots of people working but not living there . 
  well the german economy has been doing pretty well throughout the crisis . 
  if the czech republic exports a lot to germany and german demand remains high , these jobs in cze are safe , therefore unemployment is comparatively low . 
  it 's the same for austria , really . 
  our economy depends a lot on the german one since we export a lot to them , i.e. 
  if the german economy slumps , you can be sure that our economy is negatively affected as well , which then would or could result in a loss of jobs . 
  i 'm not even sure we 're still first .
