  i guess being torn apart by the firm belief that everything is fucked up , yet frequently ranking among the best doing countries/regions . 
  not being german has been a fundamental defining point as well , but it 's becoming gradually less important . 
  you have to differ though . 
  some years ago i observed an old british couple i can only describe as royally noble in a greek tavern . 
  they ordered souvlaki ( obviously not knowing what it is ) and when it was served they looked at their plates in utter astonishment for what seemed like several minutes , trying to figure out how to eat that in a civilised manner . 
  i had a hard time not bursting out in laughter . 
  to this day this has been probably the most british thing i have ever witnessed . 
  it 's a pity though we ca n't use the ` lyrics ' officially , i love them . 
  oooh , up to now i thought they were doing black hole magic , but this is just plain dangerous !, 
  finland enjoys more freedom within the eu and is protected by the eu , it 's as easy as that . 
  it 's the same as for the member states of the usa . 
  okay so the first article is about the eurozone , not the eu . 
  there have been some talks for a while ( not so much about italy though ) but there has always been a strong political will to keep everyone in the eurozone . 
  the other two links have no meaning whatsoever . 
  most of all these are old stories , just look at the dates . 
  well that 's ... uh ... it ... it shows how much we liked them !, 
  we even would have welcomed all of poland in our house , but those evil ( p ) russians just ca n't be trusted ... 
  what acronyms ? 
  | country voting records please just google ` eu voting records ' and take the first result : votewatch.eu, 
  i 'd hardly call that an alliance though , it 's more like personal friendship based on money , but not sharing common problems , goals and approaches . 
  i do n't think so . 
  russia has approximately 140 million inhabitants , so more or less germany 's and france ' ( s ? ), 
  population combined ; that 's much , but not big enough to dominate the eu . 
  plus , you have to keep in mind that you have to form alliances and i imagine this could prove hard for russia , both out of historical reasons but also its geographical position at the outer edge of the union . 
  but does ukraine actually want to join the eurasian union ? 
  afaik they 're not even a part of the russian free trade area . 
  oops , thanks . 
  it 's `` jan '' in german too , but i guess i read `` ian '' somewhere and thought it 's the polish version of the name . 
  ian sobieski saved our ass :d also , winged hussars are so awesome !, 
  hum , this reminds me of another country ... oh yeah , austria . 
  if you want to see mountains you should visit either the austrian or swiss alps . 
  for example you could take the train from zurich to interlaken and then grindelwald and from there up to jungfraujoch , which is the highest train station in europe . 
  you should have a fantastic view from up there ( that is if it 's not cloudy - . - ) . 
  the slovenian and croatian coastline is really beautiful in my opinion but i do n't know how to get there other than by car . 
  could you elaborate on what you mean by tourist sites as against a authentic experience ? 
  what kind of things do you want so see ? 
  could you maybe share your envisaged travel routes ? 
  i always thought it would be something including narwhals and bacon and stuff but you might be onto something, 
  huh ? 
  or just , you know , use the door, 
  in other words the safest toilet in romania, 
  okay , i 'm intrigued , what 's the story behind [ this ] ( http://wikibrasov.wordpress.com/2011/06/02/wc-ul-din-biserica-fortificata-a-catei-jud-brasov/ ) one ? 
  i do n't know about estonia , but it seems like some european countries dropped due to economic pressure forcing the media into dependency . 
  i see , so lots of speculation . 
  thanks a lot for the insight , 
  i 've got a stupid question concerning romanian . 
  why is it that you speak a romance language considering dacia was a roman province for ` only ' about 150 years - whereas eg dalmatia was a province for more than 400 years but the people there speak slavic nowadays ? 
  why did ( vulgar ) latin survive in what is now romania ? 
  somehow this site has different figures : http://www.bpb.de/nachschlagen/zahlen-und-fakten/europa/70580/nettozahler-und-nettoempfaenger ( scroll down to the table at the bottom of the page ) sadly i could n't find data in english , so here 's some translation : * haushaltssalden : budget balance ( according to european commission ) * euro pro kopf : euro/capita * anteil am bip , in prozent : gdp share , as percentage ( in your table : eu spending/gdp , though with reversal of signs ), 
  no , apparently that applies to bulgaria , cyprus , estonia , greece , finland , hungary , ireland , lithuania , luxembourg , latvia , malta , sweden and slovakia as well . 
  although actually he would be elected not by the people , but the electoral college . 
  yeah , as a matter of fact you can still walk alongside the roman walls following the streets in the inner city . 
  [ here , i mapped it for you . 
  ] ( https://www.google.at/maps/dir/48.207991,16.3716391/naglergasse,+1010+wien/48.2080592,16.3717185/@48.210481,16.3693598,17z/data=!4m25!4m24!1m0!1m20!1m1!1s0x476d0798721fea4d:0x9e5d9da128882bd1!2m2!1d16.3674931!2d48.2103101!3m4!1m2!1d16.3683476!2d48.2125652!3s0x476d07a2b907fc93:0xc0f719c199bac358!3m4!1m2!1d16.3729231!2d48.2129178!3s0x476d07a3d3a33647:0xca988fcc9f19cd63!3m4!1m2!1d16.376122!2d48.2118543!3s0x476d07a1a1515e4d:0x5cd5c4ce8a398af1!1m0!3e2 ), 
  okay , i will tell you one last time . 
  the question the court basically had to decide about was whether the refugees traveled visa-free and/or whether the crossed the border ( of croatia ) illegally . 
  the question whether they got food , medical care and whatnot is completely and utterly unrelated to this . 
  on the other hand the question whether the countries along the route more or less opened the border , took it unto themselves to bring them to the border of the next country , where they were received again is very related to the case . 
  i hope you understand me now , because i will not explain it again . 
  if you think it 's unfair you can write a letter the the ecj . 
  concerning the database : the eurodac database is an integral part of the dublin system and has been around a long time ( meaning , yes , also at that time ) . 
  the slovenian ( and croatian ) police could have but the fingerprints into the database ( as would have been their obligation ) , but they did not . 
  it 's kind of obvious to me why they did not , but i fear that the most probable reason for that would anger you again , so i wo n't talk about this anymore either . 
  you just do n't want to understand my point , do n't you ? 
  nobody cares about the procedures inbetween . 
  yes they were registered ( although , since you are so insistent , none of these people 's fingerprints were uploaded to the eurodac database as would have been the obligation of the countries in question ) , yes they were provided with food , yes they received some kind of medical help , yes they had some time to rest . 
  i never said this did not occur . 
  i simply omitted it because * it does not matter * . 
  after everything was said and done , these people were moved forward to the next border if they wished so where the relevant authorities of that country would take them over . 
  this is what i wanted to express , this is what did actually happen and this is what is important to the case . 
  which i never doubted . 
  i honestly do n't know what you are reading into my post . 
  the question whether they got food and whatnot has absolutely nothing to do with the topic at hand . 
  so maybe , just maybe , you should calm down a bit . 
  edit : also , i never doubted that they could ask for asylum in either croatia or slovenia . 
  i clearly stated that the majority simply did not want to . 
  oh and yeah , the same thing also happened in my own country , which i also stated in my first post . 
  so , i am very sorry if accidentally i hurt you in your national pride . 
  i did not mean to . 
  the court does not warn anyone , they merely state what is most clearly expressed in the regulation itself . 
  this is why greece is not part of the dublin system ( and has n't been for the past years ) . 
  but this is for the member countries to decide . 
  no , greece is not part of the dublin regulation at the time . 
  so i guess i can provide some clarification , since there seems to be some confusion in the comment section . 
  this is a court ruling about something that happened at the height of the so-called `` refugee crisis '' when quite a lot of people from syria , iraq , afghanistan and so on came to countries in central and northern europe ( like austria ) via eastern europe . 
  that was in end of 2015 , beginning of 2016 . 
  i 'm sure you all remember . 
  so , at that time , some countries , struggling with the mass of people arriving every day , decided to simply organize the journey for them , i.e. 
  when a group of refugees arrived the border of croatia , coming from serbia , the croatian police would put them into a train going to the border of slovenia , unload them , hand them over to the slovenian police and then the same happened again . 
  that is also because the vast majority of refugees did not want to stay either in croatia or slovenia . 
  in austria , some people stayed and asked for asylum , while others were moved forward to germany , if they wished so . 
  the problem with that is , that while it gives you the impression that you can choose where you want to ask for asylum ( or rather : where you want your asylum procedures do be dealt with ) , this is clearly not the case . 
  for each and every one of these people , the dublin regulation still applies . 
  and one of the basic principles of that regulation is , that the country that is ( so-to-say ) responsible for letting somebody inside should also be responsible for the asylum procedures . 
  basically : it 's your fault , now deal with the consequences . 
  that means that according to that regulation , croatia is responsible for the asylum cases of all of these people ( because croatia was the first dublin-country these people entered ) as long as no other country voluntarily accepts responsibility itself - which , in all fairness , happened to a rather large margin . 
  austria partially accepted responsibility for those asylum procedures , but also decided for a lot of cases , that according to the dublin regulation , croatia is responsible for these people . 
  and indeed , a lot of people were sent back to croatia . 
  a lo of these cases were appealed against , naturally . 
  the austrian federal administrative court ( second and final instance ) rejected those appeals .
