  this map simply provides a wrong image . 
  st. petersburg has got absolutely nothing to do with a rock or christianity . 
  ah yeah , you 're right . 
  i already had a feeling about petersburg as well . 
  peter means `` rock '' . 
  so apparently the creator of the map did n't care at all about the actual historical origin of the names , which renders the map pretty pointless in my opinion . 
  probably most of these names are just one of several possible meanings . 
  nobody knows if vienna really meant `` woodstream '' ( from celtic `` vedunia '' ) ; there are other possibilities as well . 
  in this regard naming the map `` atlas of true names '' somehow is a bit too self-assured . 
  edit : okay , why are the americas named `` land of the home ruler '' ? 
  as far as i know the continent was named `` america '' by the cartographer waldseem\u00fcller in honor of an italian guy named `` amerigo '' . 
  edit2 : st. petersburg is `` st. rockfort '' ? 
  how ? 
  according to your logic austria should have only been allowed to join the eu in about half a millennium . 
  austrian nationality was invented even later and here we are . 
  i do n't even understand the problem of nationality regarding eu membership . 
   one host said swedish foreign minister carl bildt was an ex-cia agent who organized the protests to get back at russia for the battle of poltava in 1709 ; another claimed ukrainians were only angry because of sharp seasonal changes in the weather . 
  the fuck ? 
  what ever the reason for a statement like that was , it 's definitely not in accordance with what should be expected of a mayor ( even the mayor of a village like gf\u00f6hl ) . 
  i meant to say we ca n't ignore it politically , i.e. 
  making him resign was the right decision as opposed to just ignoring it . 
  yes , but my question was more along the lines of `` should we really ignore it and let him still exercise his office ? 
  '' , because i had the impression that this is what / u/ohthehorrors meant to say . 
  i do n't know in which way journalists are like jews , but he said that journalists are like jews and that they should be hanged , which apparently means jews should be hanged too . 
  now even without the part about jews the statement is intolerable , but it is really intolerable in connection with the jews and especially with this country 's history . 
  this is definitely not something we can just ignore , because it would give the impression of tolerating it , even if it 's just the mayor of some small provincial village . 
  making him to step down was the right course of action in my honest opinion . 
  die geh\u00f6ren aufgeh\u00e4ngt , de san wia de juden `` how could you possibly interpret that as ` he does n't know it better and he 's probably not meaning it bad ' ? 
  do you propose just to ignore it and move on ? 
  we mostly do what the germans do anyways , so no need to interfere , 
  article 1 ( 2 ) is only programmatic in character . 
  it says romania is a republic , but does not define the features of that republic . 
  somewhere in the romanian constitution there have to be articles defining what article 1 ( 2 ) actually means ; e.g. 
  that there is a president who is elected by the people for a certain period of time . 
  now you could only change these articles - e.g. 
  that there is a hereditary `` president '' for life-time - and leave article 1 ( 2 ) and article 152 ( 1 ) as they are . 
  ( that 's only a joke of course , as this would still change the form of government ), 
  you could leave articles 1 ( only programmatic anyway ) and 152 as they are and only change the meaning of that republic , defined somewhere else in the constitution , 
  very interesting , kiitos avusta , 
  is * sulla * a short form of * sinulla * ? 
  i have learned that switzerland also had a potential internal problem , because an integration of vorarlberg would have sparked some doubt among the french and italian speaking population since the german speaking part already had a majority even without the addition of vorarlberg . 
  i think there were also confessional reasons , vorarlberg being catholic , though i guess that would n't be an issue anymore . 
  well , last time you did n't want them, 
  yeah , and salzburg wanted to join germany , but that does n't mean they still want to do that  also , back then switzerland refused to incorporate vorarlberg in any event . 
  yeah there was this freistaat carinthia thing some time ago ( like freistaat bavaria ) , but to me that was more of a political `` joke '' than anything else and certainly not separatist . 
  carinthia would be totally screwed if they went independent ( hello hypo alpe adria ) . 
  well , in south tyrol s\u00fcd-tiroler-freiheit and die freiheitlichen do have separatist agendas ; though of course with various possible outcomes . 
  in the austrian part of tyrol i do n't know of a separatist party , but i guess some people do talk about eventually joining south tyrol in one form or another . 
  kind of the same as with vorarlberg , which is part of switzerland in this map . 
  i do n't know of a real separatist agenda there , but of course , historically at least , some people do love the swiss a lot , to put it that way  however , carinthia is what i do n't get here . 
  fair enough , i should have clarified , that this is naturally a bit more of an issue in tyrol . 
  but even then , compared to decades ago , it 's an issue of diminishing importance i would say ; that is , from my point of view from outside of tyrol . 
  yeah , i merely wanted to correct your statement . 
  and i think it does make a difference to some extent , because mozart therefore was born in a state that does not exist independently anymore , but rather is a part of austria now . 
  so if anything , mozart can be considered either as austrian or `` salzburgian '' , but not bavarian . 
  i do n't really want to begin a debate on that issue though , 
  source ? 
  salzburg was an independent archbishopric within the hre . 
  mozart was born in salzburg , which was not a part of bavaria . 
  elizabeth was born in bavaria , true , but she was empress of austria . 
  yeah naturally this is more of a topic in tyrol , but saying something is one thing , actually wanting to do it is another , and really doing it yet a whole different story , i guess . 
  speaking for austria : i would say a unified state of tyrol would not include trentino . 
  as for carinthia , there are no separatist groups to my knowledge . 
  i think the map already incorporates vorarlberg into switzerland . 
  interesting , i hope that works out . 
  also , here 's the press release from july : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-13-709_en.htm, 
  yeah i 'll do a trip up north in january  and the finnish coast is quite beautiful too with all the skerries, 
  i prefer to have a sea between me and the swedes . 
  ca n't trust them . 
  austria , or at least lower austria : every saturday at noon in order to test the functionality . 
  e : apparently they do that everywhere in austria except for vienna . 
  generally a nordic country , i guess . 
  i 'm staying in finland for a year and i love it . 
  i miss mountains though ... this place is just too flat . 
  the danube is connected to the rhine ( and therefore rotterdam ) on the one side and of course the black sea on the other side , so yes , there are ports . 
  i think vienna has three freight harbors ( freudenau , lobau and albern ) . 
  according to wikipedia 66 million tonnes of freight were shipped on the danube in 2004 . 
  i currently do n't live here either , but from time to time i tune in to the `` election stupidity '' . 
  stronach made a remark about imposing the death penalty on hit men . 
  in a later confrontation he mused about this being a serious problem the austrian people should deliberate about . 
  one more bullet for austria : * public fear of hit men stuns the country , 
  [ leningrad cowboys & red russian army choir ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhimemdyxze ), 
  the viennese central cemetery is half the size of zurich , but twice as much fun . 
  it 's a [ state ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lower_austria ) . 
   great drinks ( coffee !, 
  almdudler ( is that austrian ? ) ), 
  it is , 
  very true , she came to mind too . 
  ^ hitler on a more serious note , i do n't know if he is an `` epic hero '' , but probably [ prince eugene of savoy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince_eugene_of_savoy ) , austria 's finest military commander of all time . 
  he was born in france though ( but they did n't want him , their bad ) . 
  oh yeah , totally forgot that one . 
  i think private broadcasters want to constrain public broadcasting as much as they can and for some reason parliament is quite happy to oblige . 
  some helicopter pilots of the austrian military participated in an international exercise in portugal called `` hotblade 2013 '' if i remember correctly . 
  pr published a photo of the pilots on the website of our military . 
  unfortunately one could see a flip chart on that photo , including a web address , an account name and the corresponding password , somehow connected to the exercise . 
  they are in a different time zone . 
  austria * the constitutional court ruled that a law stipulating that universities basically are allowed to levy tuition fees if they want to is unconstitutional . 
  the universities already had announced that they will pay them back if this is the case . 
  * the constitutional court ruled that a law prohibiting austrian public broadcasting to operate on social media sites like facebook is unconstitutional . 
  * apparently the austrian federal armed forces unintentionally made some secret military information of both austria and some other european countries public .
