  * petitions for referenda about ` reforming our democracy ' , and ` cutting ecclesiastic privileges ' . 
   but what were the germans thinking ? 
  they assumed turkish work force would leave the country and go back to turkey when they were n't needed anymore , instead of remaining in germany and bringing the rest of their family with them ( or founding families ) . 
  sure , ideally the political position should n't be important , but in reality it does play a factor that fidesz is conservative and therefore member of the political family of most european governments right now . 
  concerning the eu itself i fear there are n't at lot of possible instruments right now . 
  acting a little bit undemocratic does n't necessarily violate the treaties . 
  while they do state that the eu is based on values like democracy etc i guess what the hungarian government is doing right now simply is n't enough to act on that basis . 
  but i 'm no expert in eu law either . 
  i think the experience with the sanctions against austria was n't exceptionally good as it only led to many austrians rally behind their government against the eu ( because most people just do n't differentiate between the eu and its members or governments . 
  also afaik back then the eu countries mostly had left leaning governments . 
  you have to notify the authorities at least 24 hours prior to the assembly . 
  the authorities are allowed to deny the assembly either because of ( a ) violation of penal law or ( b ) threat of public security or public welfare . 
  of course a prohibition has to be in accordance with the basic right of freedom of assembly provided in art 11 echr as well as art 12 austrian staatsgrundgesetz , meaning , above all , that the prohibition has to be proportionate . 
  the authorities are not allowed to change the notified assembly , they can only deny it or not . 
  if the authorities do n't react , the assembly is allowed . 
  if the assembly is n't reported to the authorities , it can not be dissolved only for this reason . 
  the assembly can be dissolved however because of ( a ) violation of versammlungsg ( which regulates assemblies , meaning the reasons given above ) or ( b ) unlawful activities during the assembly or the assembly becoming a threat to public order . 
  again , dissolving the assembly has to be in accordance with echr and stgg . 
  yes exactly , art 8 echr protects one 's privacy/privat life , ie ( amongst others ) you ca n't be searched without justification . 
  edit : if you 're detained for that purpose the action could also violate art 5 echr . 
  i too like to laugh at other people suffering :p, 
  i 'm guessing ` prosecco ' is a geographically protected name within the eu for . . well . . prosecco from italy . 
  maybe the parties involved will manage to find a solution satisfying for all . 
  but i do n't see how this is ` eu madness ' . 
  this reminds me of the `` k\u00e4sekrainer dispute '' between austria and slovenia , when slovenia wanted to protect its ` krainer ' ( do n't know the english name , it 's a sausage ) and austrian businessmen feared they wo n't be allowed to sell k\u00e4sekrainer ( an austrian variant ) as ` k\u00e4sekrainer ' anymore ; heck , even our agriculture minister marched out to protect our unbelievably important k\u00e4sekrainer . 
  long story short , they managed to come up with a compromise which allowed austrians to continue to sell our beloved k\u00e4sekrainer under this name . 
  [ caption : spring is coming - one can already see the deer on the meadows ] ( http://dorosgedankenduene.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/rehe-auf-der-wiese.jpg?w=624 ), 
  i 've seen some cars from liechtenstein , but does it really prove their existence ? 
  trains from austria to switzerland do n't even stop in liechtenstein . 
  sitting on the couch , drinking hot chocolate and wondering when we had so much snow the last time this time of the year :d, 
  i do n't want to make an excuse here , but actually the social democrats ( sp\u00d6 ) won the elections in 1999 . 
  the conservative \u00d6vp and the far-right fp\u00d6 formed the government though . 
  the elections in september will be quite interesting from that point of view , because mainly the fp\u00d6 got a new competitor for protest voters , namely the ` team stronach ' . 
  besides that , the fp\u00d6 has to deal with some serious problems in their core province carinthia where in a landslide election in march the fp\u00d6 ( technically fpk , formerly bz\u00d6 ) fell from almost 45 % ( yes , that 's right , 45 % ) to not even 17 % , equaling 6 representatives to the provincial parliament of whom 3 were banned from their parliamentary group some days ago . 
  carinthia will be governed by a coalition of sp\u00d6 , \u00d6vp and the green party now . 
  in the provincial elections in lower austria on the same day the fp\u00d6 did n't do well too , stagnating at 8 % . 
  i guess the upcoming elections in the provinces of salzburg and tyrol this spring/summer will indicate , if there 's some general trend here or not . 
  the governing parties in salzburg ( social democrats and conservatives ) fucked up entirely , so i 'm sure the fp\u00d6 will garner some protest votes , but it could prove interesting just how many will be attracted by the team stronach instead . 
  you know , that got me thinking : what if cyprus annexed turkey , would that make ( former ) turkey a member ? 
  yeah and i guess that 's exactly why we do n't really hear about him in the public . 
  it 's easier for a government to save its face if he stays in the background and works from there . 
  after all he managed to form a belgian government before he was elected president of the european council , that 's got to mean something . 
  to some extent that 's a valid objection of course but quite frankly i just did n't find a better map . 
  and you should feel glad about that sentiment , because here in austria , corruption is so wide spread ( just look at the map ) that more often than not people do n't even get angry anymore . 
  we 're used to it . 
  yet according to wikipedia finland is one of the least corrupt countries : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/73/world_map_index_of_perception_of_corruption.svg, 
  criminal law defines high treason as the attempt to alter the constitution of the republic or its provinces by force or threat if force or to separate a part of the country . 
  it is punished with up to 20 years of jail . 
  this is a criminal charge . 
  impeachment is not . 
  the charge for impeachment is illegal use of powers , which i think is the case here . 
  in contrast , high treason is a serious criminal charge . 
  either the title is wrong or the czech term for impeachment is high treason . 
  now get off reddit and back to work !, 
  oh dear , gon na miss [ him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utomvq3yw2a ), 
  it 's taken from a [ standard eurobarometer survey ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb_arch_en.htm ) but i do n't know which one . 
  yeah but it 's darn hard to hear him from down there . 
  ( too soon ? ), 
  hong kong , capital city of northlandia, 
  we already managed to cope with trento , lombardy , venetia , gorizia and gradisca somehow , 
  but . . but we already arranged a welcoming party . 
  and a children 's choir would have sung for you . 
  think of the children !, 
  you are making them sad . 
  huh , let 's see if there is some room left between all those mountains . 
  i hereby declare you a citizen of austria . 
  you may change your flag now . 
  do you know how to make delicious pasta ? 
  best supporting actor as well, 
  they 've got a few screws loose !, 
  got it ? 
  got it ? 
  guys ? 
  i know , i guess i 'm just trying to say that the greeks probably feel less enthusiastic than the scandinavians to pay their taxes because the latter already have a working system whereas the former clearly do n't . 
  the burden surely feels greater for the greek , even if overall taxation is higher in scandinavia . 
  the delegate from austria supports this bill . 
  sorry i was referring to how the tax money is used by the government both in means of efficiency and distribution . 
  i was n't advocating a small government state if that is what you understood . 
  sweden , denmark or even austria have high tax rates , but the money is used fairly efficient - i 'm not so sure if that applies to greece too . 
  edit : i 'm aware of the tax evasion in greece , but i doubt this is the sole problem and i guess this is , at least partly , triggered by inefficiency as well . 
  i would n't want to pay taxes too if i had the feeling i get nothing in return . 
  there is always the question of what you get for your taxes though ... 
  if you 're going to visit vienna , you have to visit prague too . 
  both cities are extremely beautiful yet very different , prague being more of a medieval city , whereas vienna is much more baroque . 
  do n't ever tell an austrian he is german unless you really want to offend him . 
  that being said your question is very legitimate . 
  while austria is an old name and an old country there has never been an austrian nation until the second part of the 20th century . 
  after wwi austria failed not only because of the economic difficulties but also because nobody actually believed in austria . 
  its inhabitants were german and they felt like that because they have always been . 
  so we wanted to join germany , but were n't allowed to . 
  not until hitler came by . 
  so , finally austria was a part of germany . 
  but we chose the wrong moment . 
  after wwii we could n't be german anymore and therefore had to build an austrian nation based on how oh-so different we are compared to germans . 
  well that worked pretty well - to the point it is considered offensive to be called a german ( we like bavarians though ... apparently they are so similar we could n't find differences ) . 
  but i think the relationship with/towards germany is getting more relaxed among the people ( politically we are very close anyway ) . 
  so , yes , we consider ourselves a nation on its own . 
  sure , that 's why i like his song and i guess that 's why it is so popular . 
  he 's basically saying the country is great , but its inhabitants are morons . 
  to be fair , fendrich sings about austrians being idiots as well   i know the people , i know the rats , the outrageous dumbness,
