  i noticed germany is getting closer and closer , since they are seeing a decreasing unemployment while ours is slightly increasing or stagnating at least . 
  the patch-work family did n't work . 
  everybody just became very aggressive . 
  please accept it . 
  no , the map clearly shows we are better than you . 
  sunrise at 11:00 ? 
  in middlesbrough ? 
   europa korea korean europe, 
  all holidays except new year , labour day and national day are religious holidays in austria . 
  these are the roman-catholic ones , for protestants there are some changes . 
  there is also an additional day in each state , which only concerns schools and state administration though . 
  those are also just the ones regulated by law , in collective bargaining there can be additional days or parts of a day ( e.g. 
  christmas eve ) . 
  plus of course there 's 5 weeks ( plus one more if you have been working for long enough ) of paid holiday per year minimum . 
  [ epiphany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/epiphany_%28holiday%29 ), 
  well no , he said * heimliche * nationalhymne , so * secret * national anthem . 
  finlandia is very beautiful and the hymn always gives me the chills . 
  [ here 's both in one piece ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pqmw8uqyzw ) ( the german translation in there is * very * loose though ), 
  austria tried to trade netherlands ( albeit then located in belgium ) for parts of bavaria . 
  the idea would n't be new . 
  damn prussians said no . 
  not really , because powers held by westminster would be conferred to scotland . 
  even concerning matters decided in brussels you could argue that as an independent country , scotland could make its own voice heard more thoroughly than as a member of the uk . 
  but where does latvia come in there ? 
  exactly . 
  i was quite astonished to find out that e.g. 
  the railway between turku and tampere and i think also turku and helsinki is , for a large part , single-track . 
  but i figured that 's just because you are too few people scattered on too big an area . 
  especially you do n't seem to have a lot of actual villages , so there 's little need for local railways either . 
  as far as i can tell all kinds of railway except trams and metro . 
  i will keep that in mind next time , 
  use of inter-city buses would be quite interesting too , actually . 
  for example i 'm fairly certain that a lot more people in cz use buses instead of trains compared to austria . 
  hm sorry , i thought a `` single-colour '' gradient is easiest to read especially because there are just four categories . 
  added the change in kilometers compared to 2012, 
  tallinn is awesome too . 
  and i like your language . 
  like a softer version of finnish . 
  we do n't like us either . 
  finland . 
  the country is different from austria in so many ways ( except population size ) , but i love it . 
  other than that i always kind of feel at home in the bigger cities of austria 's eastern neighbours as well as switzerland and southern germany . 
  too many things in common . 
  i 've been told students from tampere come to turku every year to shovel some soil there into the sea so that eventually the whole city will drift towards sweden . 
  that 's some dedication there . 
  in all fairness , * rakastan sua * does n't sound that romantic either . 
  though still better than * m\u00e4 pid\u00e4n susta * . 
  obligatory edit : and that 's still better than swedish , of course :d, 
   within the uk itself there are two numbering and registration systems : one for great britain , which is administered by the driver and vehicle licensing agency ( dvla ) , and one for northern ireland , administered by the driver & vehicle agency ( dva ) : both have equal status might be the reason ? 
  in case somebody is wondering : [ labeled version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/helpru3.jpg ) basel is at the top right corner , but not really in the image anymore , germany is to the right . 
  about austria : enns is considered the oldest city in austria in that it was the first one to gain town privilege under medieval law . 
  there are much older towns and cities in austria , though most of them were not settled continuously - e.g. 
  salzburg and bregenz were made towns under roman law in the first half of the first century ad ( but already existed before that ) . 
  additionally there 's the so called town on magdalensberg mountain , which was founded probably at some point during the first century bc during the reign of the celtic kingdom of noricum and which is considered the ( later ) `` capital '' of that kingdom ( there 's also the older city of noreia , which might have been capital of the kingdom before , but the actual location of the city is quite unknown ) . 
  / e : there 's also hallstatt , but i would n't consider that an entry in this category . 
  it 's a cultural experience . 
  terminal 2 is a must-see . 
  minttu tastes like sweetened tooth paste . 
  kind of good with hot chocolate though . 
   the latter not so much . 
  still better than salmiakki without alcohol . 
  go to lapland and take a ruishampurilainen with reindeer meat . 
  oh my god . 
  ** turku ** * turku cathedral is one of the oldest buildings in finland , dating from 1300 . 
  from the outside , it 's a rather massive building . 
  the inside is n't really decorated anymore , but there 's a grave of a swedish queen on the left side and on the right side you will be able to see some of the old mural paintings ( featuring for example a funny looking lion ) . 
  * turku castle is interesting in that you will feel a bit like walking through time , as the different parts of the building date from different times . 
  the castle also includes a museum , plus for some fun you can dress in armour . 
  * the archeological part of aboa vetus museum definitely is worth a visit as well if you want to see a bit of how turku looked like before ( most parts of the city burned down in the 19th century ) . 
  * there are two very nice public saunas on ruissalo island . 
  in summer you can go there by bike , otherwise there 's also a bus connection . 
  the one on the camp site at the far side of the island is quite modern and features a big panoramic window towards the sea . 
  in winter both saunas are ice swimming sites ( do it ! ), 
  * in summer , get a bike ( or rent a car , if you do n't have the time ) and visit the archipelago . 
  the bigger islands are mostly connected by bridges and ferries . 
  it 's a very tranquil and beautiful area . 
  if you have a bit more time , you could even go all the way to \u00c5land ( or just take the direct ferry ) . 
  * nearby turku there 's the town of naantali , a spa town . 
  in summertime the yacht harbour area has a nice flair , plus there 's a bit of an old town left too . 
  you can also visit moominland ( though it 's expensive ) . 
  overall the place has more of a touristic flair though . 
  * for an authentic old-town of wooden houses , you might want to visit the town of rauma a bit further away ( there 's a bus going there ) . 
  honestly , the finnish beer you get in normal stores ( lapin kulta , karhu , karjala , sandels , ... ) is n't worth it , except if very bland beer is your thing . 
  there 's a reason lapin kulta is called `` reindeer piss '' . 
  i do n't know about microbreweries though . 
  something i definitely liked a lot are mustikkashottia ( blueberry shots ) . 
  it 's made of blueberry liquor ( or vodka ) , blueberry juice and a layer of cream . 
  very much on the sweet side , but also very good . 
  give it a try , if you find it somewhere . 
  deal . 
  edit : wait , we buy one of those from the french to protect against the french ? 
  well , schiller equals joy to be a sparkle of gods , a daughter of elysium . 
  it 's heavenly , and we enter its sanctuary . 
  it 's only religious in that he uses these words . 
  it 's an allegory . 
  we can share the one in lake constance . 
  got ta keep an eye on those germans . 
   at the bare minimum , we should revert it to the 2011 version . 
  i do n't understand how people can be so emotional about this . 
  nobody sings it anyway , heck , before that whole discussion came up , most people probably did n't even know the text .
