  i actually had to look up * aliupseeri * , but that 's a rather specific word . 
  oh man , i did n't know that * suihku * has another meaning than * shower * too and i was like what the heck , that does n't make sense at all . 
  i never thought of compound words as difficult since i had never encountered them in a foreign language until i started with finnish , which has them too , at least to some extent . 
  i will admit at first it was extremely irritating , but once you 've acquired a relatively decent amount of vocabulary ( still more on a beginner 's level ) and some understanding of how a language works , it 's actually not that difficult anymore to strip down compound words even if you do n't know them . 
  oh , i did n't realise that 's her, 
  it 's finnish alright . 
  i do n't understand everything , but at one point after spraying herself with fragrance she says : `` do n't eat victoria 's secret body fragrance . '', 
  finnish ( and estonian ) seriously , the language sounds so nice and kind of poetic . 
  also often it 's ridiculously cute . 
  as for estonian , as far as i can tell it 's kind of like a softer version of finnish , maybe with a bit more german influence . 
  since you are also adding the sights , here 's a bit more specific : 38 ) uspenski cathedral , helsinki , finland 40 ) town hall ( square ) , tallinn , estonia 42 ) chapel bridge , luzern , switzerland 66 ) vltava river , prague , czech republic 71 ) sergel 's square , stockholm , sweden 74 ) manarola , cinque terre , italy 75 ) st. peter 's square , vatican city , vatican 78 ) church of the spilled blood , st. petersburg , russia also : 86 ) matterhorn again in the background, 
  places i recognize : 00:20 - lake bled , slovenia 00:27 - jungfraujoch , switzerland ( ? ), 
  00:29 - santorin , greece ( ? ), 
  00:37 - again ? 
  01:06 - matterhorn , switzerland 01:10 - santorin ( ? ), 
  01:37 - bergen , norway 01:40 - matterhorn , switzerland ( gornergratbahn in the foreground ? ), 
  01:42 - karersee / lago di carezza with dolomites , italy 01:44 - dubrovnik , croatia 01:48 - helsinki , finland 01:50 - copenhagen , denmark 01:51 - tallinn , estonia 01:55 - copenhagen , denmark 01:56 - luzern , switzerland 01:58 - cologne , germany 02:05 - berlin , germany 02:08 - london , uk 02:12 - cologne , germany 02:15 - athens , greece 02:19 - budapest , hungary 02:22 - lisbon , portugal 02:29 - salzburg , austria 02:33 - bratislava , slovakia 02:36 - prague , czech republic 02:38 - london , uk 02:46 - paris , france 02:48 - again 02:50 - barcelona , spain 02:53 - paris again 03:00 - florence , italy 03:07 - prague , czech republic 03:17 - rome , italy 03:20 - stockholm , sweden 03:29 - manarola , italy 03:31 - vatican 03:32 - rome , italy 03:34 - glasgow , uk 03:38 - st. petersburg , russia 03:41 - i guess somewhere in belgium or netherlands 03:43 - venice , italy, 
   here in denmark , our `` danish '' pastries are called wienerbr\u00f8d til !, 
  i was asked some days ago whether we have danish pastries in austria . 
  yes , lots of them  they 're called `` golatschen '' in austria which has czech origin . 
  a lot if not most of austrian dishes like this have czech origin actually . 
  oh okay , that makes more sense now . 
  still crazy . 
  interesting graph . 
  i know the spanish government heavily cut on education , but ... is this for real ? 
  okay then that 's right now . 
  weird . 
   that feels a bit like an over used cop out . 
  well if you think so . 
  i thought my statement was clearly only supporting / u/boskee 's comment as to just what he wrote . 
  recognising that has nothing to do with the question of whether you want nato to intervene in ukraine or not . 
  again , i did not say whether i was against intervention or not . 
  this is not a point i will discuss here . 
  i only made the statement of difference whether a country is a member or not . 
  my flair indicates austria , at least for me ? 
  you seem to assume things about me out of thin air . 
  do you actually remember my original statement ? 
  it was that the situation is different whether you are a nato/eu member or not . 
  that was all . 
  i never said anything about leaving ukraine alone or not . 
  so please stop making things up . 
  secondly , maybe that was a wrong choice of words . 
  i live in finland only temporarily , i do n't have voting rights here . 
  the question of finland joining nato or not is not my decision to make . 
  and thirdly :  a bit hypocritic since the only thing preventing russia to invade you too is the threat of eu/nato intervention . 
  yes !, 
  you finally got my point . 
  of course there is a difference , but the question of direct or indirect warfare ( or even warfare not committed by a country as such at all ) apparently is not an obstacle to invocation of article 5 . 
  you will understand though that i can only make a statement of difference according to de jure facts . 
  of course i can not answer how the nato members will react to any given threat . 
  it seems quite likely to me though , that the reaction will be different to the one we see now concerning ukraine . 
  not sure what you are referring to , but ukraine dropped plans to membership under yanukovich and apparently the majority of the people of ukraine opposes membership as well . 
  ( also , it 's fine to me if you include yourself to that `` we '' , but i do n't live in a nato member state ), 
  well i 'm not a clairvoyant , but 9/11 was n't direct warfare either . 
  apart from that most countries do n't seem to have much doubt about who is in charge of the terrorist/rebel/revolutionary / whatever operations in ukraine , evidence being e.g. 
  just this article even for the situation happening now in eastern ukraine . 
  if it was only technicalities and `` paper issues '' , why would anybody even bother to join nato ? 
  i 'm sorry you fail to see the difference of protecting a country outside nato/eu or inside them . 
  either of them not responding to a member under attack would mean the end of these organisations . 
  attacking say estonia therefore is an entirely different situation to attacking ukraine . 
  that 's not a technicality and you missed my point . 
  that 's something different entirely . 
  ukraine is neither part of nato nor of the eu . 
  i 'm not so acquainted with the german system , but i suspect it 's not unsimilar . 
  if you are referring to a dual education system , then yes , we have that as well and it 's fairly big . 
  i would be interested in the numbers for switzerland , since afaik they share this system as well . 
  does n't this also depend on the way the schooling system is organised in a country ? 
  for example austria has some longer forms of ( more professionally orientated ) upper secondary education , whereas other countries might include such education into their tertiary sector . 
  i took the one on friday at 10.30 pm to tallinn , so probably ( not ) the best time to arrive at the harbour . 
  funnily enough on the boat to tallinn itself it was basically us and two or three school classes of about 10-year-old girls . 
  i also love how everybody too young to buy alcohol instead brings boxes of lemonade . 
  we just arrived at the harbour to go to tallinn and were n't completely sure where we have to go . 
  but when we passed scattered small groups with boxes of alcohol on trolleys , then more , then a stream heading the opposite direction , we knew we were in the right place . 
  helsinki west harbour looks like a post-apocalyptic scene when semi-drunken finns debark the ship from tallinn and try to bring their towers of alcohol to safety . 
  ah ... nice memories . 
  well apparently the majority of the states liked the idea . 
  well yes , of course you could do that , but as far as i know that 's not the current law , which is what i actually meant to say . 
  i 'm not informed about the german case , but apparently the german constitutional court rejected the german law transposing the directive . 
  it seems to me the german court could have asked the ecj for a preliminary ruling and germany probably would n't even have come into this situation . 
  but the german constitutional court generally seems to ignore this possibility , which is a pity . 
  well * obviously * they confused it with new ukraine , d'uh . 
  well of course . 
  the commission ca n't second-guess the ecj 's judgement . 
  as long as the directive was valid , it had to be transposed , and frankly , everything else would not be comprehensible from a legal point of view . 
  the judgement does not prohibit data retention , but states that the current directive is deficient based on fundamental rights protection . 
  the eu will have to repair it . 
  edit : just so that nobody gets confused , the ecj did annul the current directive today , but it would seem quite unlikely to me that the eu wo n't introduce a new directive in the near future . 
  i do n't know the number , hence i wrote `` many '' ( which admittedly is quite ambiguous ) . 
  the german wikipedia article talks of about 70.000 people without providing a source , which seemed completely wrong to me . 
  i just found an academic article though with these numbers :  the austrian yearbook for 1956 reveals that the us accepted the largest number of hungarian refugees ( 19,655 ) , followed by great britain ( 13,018 ) and west germany ( 10,934 ) . 
  however , according to the official statistics there were still 87,725 refugees in austria at the end of 1956 . 
  another source tells us that by summer 1959 , the us had taken in 38,058 refugees , canada 25,513 , and great britain 20,690 . 
  according to these figures 11,471 refugees remained in austria at this time source : http://www.iwm.at/publications/junior-visiting-fellows-conferences/vol-xxv/deconstruction-of-a-myth/ the unchr has a short article on it too , but it 's rather unspecific :  twelve days later on , on 4 november , the soviet tanks rolled into budapest . 
  the city endured days of heavy shelling and street battles , and hungarians started to flee at the rate of thousands a day to neighbouring austria . 
  by the time the borders were fully sealed , some 180,000 hungarian refugees had made their way to austria and 20,000 had headed south into yugoslavia . 
   within days of the exodus starting , an extraordinary operation sprang up in austria , not only to care for the refugees , but to move them out of the country almost as fast as they arrived . 
  in the end , 180,000 were resettled from austria and yugoslavia to a total of 37 different countries -- the first 100,000 of them in under ten weeks . 
  the performance of the austrians , the aid agencies and the resettlement countries was truly remarkable . 
  so according to this 20.000 stayed either in austria or yugoslavia . 
  in any case , nobody was forcefully sent back , which was the main point of my original post .
