that is true in the usa , but not everywhere . 
  i wonder how the muslims would treat the jews . 
  i hear the french jews are already leaving the country these years . 
  so you think if integrating smaller amounts worked as ` well ' as it did , then the best idea is to try even larger amounts because that will probably be better !, 
  do n't be pedantic . 
  it 's not like every islamic culture is a unique snowflake and you ca n't generalize from similar cultures . 
  they 're muslim , largely uneducated immigrants to non-muslim countries . 
  we have plenty of history with that . 
  i mean pay the smugglers . 
  it can cost 7k or 15k for an immigrant to get all the way from turkey to germany . 
  if germany was honest about helping everyone , they would allow them to fly in . 
  that would be much cheaper and much safer . 
  they would also stop pressuring other countries to tighten their borders . 
  but they want it to be hard to get to germany , because this way they can filter the useful workforce from the rest . 
   telling syrians that they are all welcome in germany and then providing no fucking help to those trying to get there whilst letting the austrians and hungarians deal with it all . 
  i believe this is a calculated policy . 
  she 's telling all syrians to come , but she 's also making sure that only the rich ones can actually do it , because only they have 15k to pay to get through all the obstacles . 
  this way the educated , middle-class syrian workforce makes it to germany , while the lower-class syrians and the yemenis get stuck along the way . 
  that 's clever . 
  it 's wrong , but it 's clever . 
   it is one thing to live in bad conditions , being forced to `` live '' in run-down buildings without electricity , running water or sufficient sanitary facilities is quite another thing . 
  but that is precisely how the balkan gypsies ` live . ', 
  so if you think it 's inhumane for the syrians to live like that , then why are n't you taking in the gypsies ? 
  once again , because middle-class syrians might be useful on the labor market , but the gypsies would n't be . 
   we do not have any numbers on that yet we have plenty of history to look at though . 
  you bet it 's appreciated . 
  if germany accepts mass surveillance then it will become a global phenomenon and all of us care . 
  but the refugees from syria are n't facing immediate death either , unless they are * in syria * . 
  in hungary they only fear poverty , not death . 
  so why not let the syrians stay in hungary if you 're letting the gypsies stay in the balkans ? 
  what about the additional expenses with law enforcement and mass surveillance though ? 
   i 'm sorry i do that ? 
  i 'm not the german government . 
  you said ` we ' , so i replied ` you ' . 
  then why are you deporting the gypsies from the western balkans ? 
  they are facing inhumane conditions too . 
  hint : 99.99 % of them are n't doctors or engineers or anything similar . 
  but then if germany is concerned with the laws and agreements then they would n't have publicly announced that they were breaking the agreement that says they must send the asylum seekers to their countries of entry . 
  when you pick and choose your laws and agreements and it all somehow aligns with your corporate interests , do n't be surprised if people are becoming suspicious . 
   germany does not invite them . 
  then what are all the voluntary public statements from your politicians , if they are n't veiled invitations ? 
  and how does you constitution prevent you from following regulations and sending them back to their countries of entrance ? 
  and why are you breaking these regulations only for syrians and not also for yemenis and eritreans ? 
   simplify some bureaucratic nonsense funny how you invoke asylum law when it serves your purposes , but you dismiss it as `` bureaucratic nonsense '' when it does n't support them . 
  sending them back to their countries of entrance is not nonsense . 
  it is the logical consequence of their claim that they are war refugees . 
  war refugees are entitled to safety , but they are n't entitled to shopping around for countries . 
  but would it make it worse if they were women and not men ? 
  why are women always supposed to have special rights ? 
  many people have been puzzled by why germany is creating this complicated problem : 1 . 
  germany invites a potentially unlimited number of syrians to move in . 
  at the same time germany expects these syrians to risk their lives and pay thousands of euros to smugglers to get to germany . 
  there are legitimate refugees from yemen or eritrea , but germany has n't invited them . 
  question 1 : so why does n't germany let the syrians fly in from turkey ? 
  that would be a lot safer and a lot cheaper , and it would n't fund the is smugglers . 
  question 2 : why not yemenis and eritreans too ? 
  any man younger than 50 from eritrea is threatened by slavery , so any such man is a legitimate political refugee . 
  here 's what would answer these questions if it were true . 
  now i do n't know if it is in fact true , but it makes sense and it solves the puzzle . 
  the german corporations want more workforce , or they want cheaper workforce , or both . 
  very few yemenis or eritreans are the kind of qualified workforce needed in germany , so yemenis and eritreans are not invited . 
  middle-class syrians are educated , competent , and often not crazy . 
  so syrians are invited . 
  but how to keep out the lower-class syrians , who are n't useful as workers in germany , and who would have to live on social security ? 
  this is where the smuggling comes in . 
  if you 're from syria and you have 6k or 15k eur to pay to get through all the obstacles on the way to germany , then you 're probably middle class . 
  the smuggling works as a filter for the kind of immigrants they want . 
  it looks like germany is using the rest of europe as a filter to separate high-income from low-income syrians . 
  all syrians are told to come to germany , but only high-income syrians can actually make it there , because only they have 15k eur to pay to smugglers . 
  why does n't germany simply let them fly in from turkey ? 
  because then a lot of lower-income syrians would afford to come in , and those would n't have the skills and education that would make them useful workforce in germany . 
  germany wants the doctors and the engineers , not the poor rural folks . 
  if the other countries are smart they should simply let everybody through . 
  no point suffering and creating problems for germany 's gain . 
  clearly that 's not sweden when it comes to immigrants getting jobs . 
   sexual violence against women there is plenty of sexual violence against men on war fronts , and the refugees are mostly men . 
  but the bbc does n't need to pander to any population . 
  they = the ones in europe . 
  those millions do n't have the thousands of euros they would need to pay to smugglers . 
  syrians do n't come through italy though . 
  here 's a puzzle people have been wondering about : 1 . 
  germany invites a potentially unlimited number of syrians to move in . 
  at the same time germany expects these syrians to risk their lives and pay thousands of euros to smugglers to get to germany . 
  there are legitimate refugees from yemen or eritrea , but germany has n't invited them . 
  question 1 : so why does n't germany let the syrians fly in from turkey ? 
  that would be a lot safer and a lot cheaper , and it would n't fund the is smugglers . 
  question 2 : why not ? 
  here 's what would answer these questions if it were true . 
  now i do n't know if it is in fact true , but it makes sense and it solves the puzzle . 
  the german corporations want more workforce , or they want cheaper workforce , or both . 
  very few yemenis or eritreans are the kind of qualified workforce needed in germany , so yemenis are not invited . 
  middle-class syrians are educated , competent , and often not crazy . 
  so syrians are invited . 
  but how to keep out the lower-class syrians , who are n't useful as workers in germany , and who would have to live on social security ? 
  that 's where the smuggling comes in . 
  if you 're from syria and you have 6,000 eur to pay to get through all the obstacles on the way to germany , then you 're probably middle class . 
  the smuggling works as a filter for the kind of immigrants they want . 
   fret not , however , few if any want to live their lives being limited they 're not limited like that , they work/steal/sell on the grey market . 
  and what do they do when the papers are missing ? 
  where do they deport them ?
