  when ? 
  if the red-green coalition had n't introduced civil partnerships in 2001 we would n't even have that . 
  yes , i am aware that an adoption under certain circumstances is possible . 
  i was talking about `` full adoption rights '' . 
  homosexuell couples still do n't have the same rights when it comes to adoption and that 's a fact . 
  they ca n't adopt children as a couple . 
  what you linked me is a decision for an individual case and a recommendation of the court but there is still no law that allows it . 
  have to give them full adoption rights first for that second option, 
  remember when the eu put sanctions on austria in 97 ? 
  yet people like orban only get a few harsh words . 
  reminds me of [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5nwz40/the_alcohol_chain/ ), 
  i remember germany rerouting gas , when russia shut the supply to the ukraine down for some time . 
  yeah i am aware of that . 
  my polish friends keep me up to date and warned me pis would get elected long before it happened when i was still like `` nah i ca n't imagine '' . 
  i have a feeling it only got this bad during the last 3 years or so :( makes me sad . 
  i thought our relationship was really getting pretty good . 
  i agree also , i do n't think it 's different anywhere in the world . 
  at least from my experiences . 
  well , it 's super hard to find an apartment in munich , even for germans . 
  probably the hardest city to find a good place not further away from the center than 1hr . 
  they have a severe housing shortage . 
  good luck to you !, 
  it can happen . 
  switzerland is worse though . 
  perfect !, 
  `` according to me '' , is the key in all of this imho . 
  oh wow , that was sad and disturbing to read . 
  you obviously really believe that :(, 
   yet another article with purpose to trigger the germans for a democratic elected government in poland . 
  can you explain what you mean by that ? 
  the german one looks evil , i think it 's the black background . 
  yep , found it by now . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  [ yes it is ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%b6lkertafel_\\ ( steiermark \\ ) ) . 
  i do n't know why i did n't remember , now that i found the source i know i looked it up before . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  since it seems to be in german i would like to know what german land it 's from . 
  i 'll do some google searching myself , maybe something comes up . 
  edit : could n't find the artist/author , my guess looking at the language and the stereotypes would be south germany , austrian lands . 
  edit2 : ah found it . 
  [ yep , from the steiermark . 
  yes . 
  this is true . 
  not with that attitude and not in that condition . 
  afghanistan had a positive result ? 
  thank you , greatly appreciated . 
  i am not criticising france 's involvement in mali . 
  i am in favour of it and think we should support them more , it 's an important mission . 
  do you by any chance have a quote from s.gabriel ? 
  i know there was discussion in germany in what way if at all we would participate and it came down to intelligence ( the planes ) . 
  [ here is a list of all the operations the bundeswehr is taking part in atm . 
  well yes , of course there are more french soldiers because it 's a former french colony . 
  well he is right with that . 
  syria is a mess , already enough parties involved there and nothing good comes of it . 
  you said intervention is sometimes required , i do n't think many interventions had the desirable result nor were really required . 
  yes , i agree , you are absolutely right about that . 
  the problem is , can we trust our government with propaganda ? 
  it 's just a tool that can so easily be misused . 
  and if it becomes obvious that it has been misused people lose even more trust . 
  i do n't have the answers to this situation . 
  i feel like it 's a walk on a tightrope . 
  hahahaha , yeah i guess it is kinda like that . 
  we do n't need propaganda , and i would n't say that anything in the us is actually `` working '' after the ww2 war ( speaking about interventions ) . 
  yes , they managed to convince ( most ) the public that it is important to go to iraq , to afghanistan , to vietnam . 
  but it was n't really was it , it did n't really do anything good for the us and not for it 's allies either it led to even bigger problems . 
  then there was the terrible shenanigans in south america . 
  this is how you lose the public . 
  most people started to ask themselves `` why are we actually fighting in vietnam '' , they lost home support . 
  after the 9/11 fever wore of it was `` what actually is the plan for afghanistan , is there a plan ? 
  '' , by now even the last person nows that afghanistan `` ca n't be won '' . 
  and then there is iraq which thankfully we did n't get dragged that did n't lead to anything either , only to unrest in the me , places we and frankly the us has no business being in . 
  i do n't want us to go to far away places and bomb around . 
  i 'd rather have us being just observers . 
  but you are right , if we are not ready to really help out we should n't go at all . 
  so in that case , not go at all then . 
  like with libya . 
  i remember that everyone was moaning about us using our veto for `` abstention '' . 
  but look how that turned out . 
  i do n't think we need propaganda but an open public discussion where stuff like this is explained again and again and people get answers to their questions . 
  i think the public could easily convinced about mali if only more people understood why we are actually there . 
  one case is not like the other . 
  i understand the frustration kind of but then again the whole `` change '' never really seems to work out . 
  so i do n't blame us vor being pretty unenthusiastic about all these `` intervention '' efforts when most of the time nothing of value is achieved . 
  maybe we 'd rather not dirty our hands at all for something that is in most people 's perspective `` not worth it '' . 
  indeed it would be more honest to not send troops at all in that case but then there are the treaties and we go in halfheartedly which pisses our allies of ( though i do n't hink we are the only ones that went half-heartedly into afghanistan ) . 
  for mali the situation should be discussed more publicly . 
  we support france because of these reasons , and this is why it is important for germany . 
  if it makes sense you could win over the public and give the military more room for maneuvers and even send it more personnel . 
  the deployments into the baltic states are not very controversial ... at least not as controversial as afghanistan worse because . 
  it 's easy to understand for everyone why they are there . 
  even for people who may not be in favour of it 2 . 
  those countries are with us in the eu , there is an actual relationship , more of a connection to the topic at hand . 
  if you go into countries that are further away and that have no obvious connection to germany ( at least in the public eye ) you need to explain to people why exactly we are sending on troops there and what good will it do for us or our `` friends '' . 
  thanks for the long reply . 
  i have to agree if you go in you have to have the equipment and mandate to actually make a change , otherwise why be there at all . 
  i just do n't know if i can trust our coming governments to know the difference on where it is important to help out without making things worse and where to intervene and only make things worse . 
  those things have to be very carefully weighted for each case . 
  i think it 's important we help france out in mali since it is also in our own interests . 
  i thought afghanistan was an unnecessary stunt though . 
  it 's ok that we went because we have an obligation to nato , but if if article 5 had n't been invoked we should n't have gone .
