  selling poland to leftist germans oh man . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  the fuck . 
  it shows the main characters committing horrible crimes how is that `` it portrays germans as victims '' . 
  looks great , good job . 
  i am not even mad anymore . 
  you expect this stuff by now . 
  wha a harrowing report , sadly not unexpected . 
  it 's possible , we already helped out during the gas crisis in 2013 . 
  three passports !, 
  i thought that those disputes were settles in 2014 ? 
  https://www.auswaertiges-amt.de/en/infoservice/presse/meldungen/2014/141024_ems-dollart.html?nn=479796 edit : ah , i see now . 
  it 's just an agreement , the question of where the border is exactly is still open . 
  sorry about that . 
  it is if they were on government buildings . 
  most cities work slowly , if she gets there before the city workers , it 's all good . 
  and to make a heart out of a swastika has more meaning than just to overpaint it . 
  thank god we can all decide what to do with our own time and money . 
  she obviously does n't feel like she is wasting time nor money . 
  we can all waste our own money however we want . 
  what people perceive as wasting time is relativ . 
  so even if you think she is wasting time it does n't make what she is doing stupid . 
  i do n't thing she is wasting any time , and i am getting better aesthetics out of it . 
  also it 's important for people to see that symbols of nazism are not just left ignored . 
  time well spend . 
  why is it stupid ? 
  the comments in this thread lol . 
  wasting time ? 
  who are you to tell someone how to spend their time . 
  all the respect to this lady . 
  every time i see a painted over nazi symbol it makes my day and it angers the assholes . 
  so it 's a win win in my book . 
  why nope ? 
  i agreed that it is not a one time thing . 
  thanks for the detailed reply . 
  i remembered something like this being the case but never looked into it again after i read something about it years ago . 
  this is n't the first time something like this has happened , right ? 
  i remember a story from one or two years ago about bacon ... 
  countries manage fine with two languages or even three . 
  it will work somehow . 
  if nothing helps , hand and feet . 
  ouch . 
  i first read it as `` macron and merkel talk hardcore '' and imagined them doing some extreme talking in a room . 
  i am with you on that , but the public transport has to be affordable and good enough for that in every city , it is for sure in the big ones like berlin , hamburg , m\u00fcnchen but def not in all inner cities . 
  hopefully quick . 
  sadly for now it seems it 's just `` bye bye old diesel cars ... not you new audi a3 '' . 
  yeah , definitely the same here as well . 
  greece was not part of dublin at that time . 
  sodom and gomorrah . 
  terrible , terrible stuff . 
  with terrible brudis . 
  since you did n't answer i guess there are no sources ? 
  changed their policy on bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest ? 
  i was not aware . 
  oh come on you really come with that `` unelected official '' thing , do n't have better arguments than that ? . 
  ah well . 
  was probably wrong to join a union then . 
  better stay for yourself then . 
  destiny is logging trees ? 
  i did n't even get it , what kind of minority groups did you think he was talking about ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i only translated the first one so far , but lots of infos there i had n't read about . 
  do you have a source for me ? 
  all i can find are repeated statements by the italian government that they deny an interest to nationalize alitalia . 
  i can find nothing about a denouncement by the eu . 
  or anything saying italy was thinking about taking it over . 
  bullshit this idea has been around for quite some time and many politicians suggested it . 
  but no one put boots on the ground till now . 
  did italy try to privatise alitalia ? 
  honest question i have n't heard much about it only that italy put it up for sale and that ryanair wanted to buy it . 
  `` kinda of '' . 
  yeah , no . 
  a and seriously dude `` how to red pill my gf ? 
  '' , i thought you were against someone putting pressure on someone , making them think like they do . 
  the dutch want ns2 as well , royal dutch shell is an investor as is the french engie . 
  i mean of politicians calling him a nazi . 
  also as far as i can see he suggested a `` giant migrant city '' . 
  not quite the same as is proposed now is it ? 
  that said the idea is not new , austria e.g and even germany suggested something similar . 
  it 's a rehashed idea that finally sees action . 
  i love me some good schlammfu\u00dfball, 
  i see you were not german in the 90s . 
  i think the impression countries have about the germans relationship to their country is often vastly different as how the germans themselves see the relationship to their country . 
  nah , meckpom or saxony would fit better . 
   and that is from the state media . 
  no surprise our youth gets dumber every day . 
  you are a prime example . 
  it 's in his username . 
  he has gone mad . 
  damn brudi you are embarrassing all of us please stop . 
  username does check out . 
  i am aware . 
  what does it have to do with this ruling ? 
  you would know all about that i figure . 
  you can still have sex after the menopause . 
  just finally over and done with those damn periods . 
  just like homosexuality did , right ? 
  as if rape was ever pleasurable . 
  wtf is this comment . 
  ... `` expects '' but the amount that actually came here was 1,1 mil .
