i say that is a good deal for everyone . 
  yes . 
  maybe we can trade it for something ? 
  i do n't know about bremen , it 's not a huge problem . 
  hamburg is not one of the states that we want to sell i am sorry . 
  how about the saarland ? 
  deal . 
  we also offer saxony and the saarland . 
  we will even pay you for taking saxony . 
  even though they are under constant ciriticism for their work in the west they actually have good networks and successes in the east ( from cold war times ) and in the middle east . 
  the bnd forecasted the 6 day war for example almost to he hour . 
  they were a top source for information for all the wars that followed in the east . 
  a lot is not known about the operations of course . 
  but the few information we have is written about in the above book . 
  i am sorry i could n't give you a clickable link . 
  i think that is the case ? 
  the press coverage from two wars into the war has been like `` assad is bad '' , `` rebels are bad '' . 
  at least by the major news outlets and even in the evening news . 
  it is reported thoug , it was even on the evening news here in germany . 
  just google `` proteste in serbien '' and you get a long list . 
  there were also reports in the big newspapers like faz and sueddeutsche zeitung . 
  it 's on the same reporting scale as the romanian protests . 
  but i agree with you there needs to more open criticism vu\u010di\u0107 . 
  i wonder if it 's because serbia is not on the eu because there was criticism of the romanian politicians . 
  maybe i have missed it . 
  in any case it 's not enough !, 
  the eu is probably picking their battles at the moment turkey , brexit , russia . 
  well , only in the beginning really . 
  of course one could have expected more mechas from japan but i am happy other countries got to shine as well tbh . 
  and well ... it was a hollywood movie ... was already surprising that they did n't make the russians the baddies . 
  as long as that means more calpico drinks in europe i am all for it . 
  well ... one of the main characters was japanese and they did have a j\u00e4ger . 
  i give you the point about the schwebebahn , but lets be honest `` wuppertal looks like wladiwostok 1962 . '', 
  if you do n't understand the difference of knowing how a computer works and having basic elementary school knowledge then i ca n't help you . 
  and are you seriously saying that school does n't teach the correct way of using grammar ? 
  we go to school to gain knowledge how important that knowledge is to each individual is unimportant . 
  learning that the earth is round must be unimportant too because you do n't need to know the earth is round to live on this planet . 
  according to you it 's not necessary to go to school because most of the stuff you learn is not important . 
   you should try to think a bit critical . 
  just because you learn something in elementary school doesnt mean its important or correct . 
  i learned to recite some stupid poems in the same classs that didnt help me either . 
   i am giving up on you . 
  stop quoting half of a sentence and we can talk . 
  i stated various times that there is a huge difference between not knowing how your computer works and not knowing how cases work . 
  you learn cases when you are in elementary school , it 's basic knowledge . 
  what you are saying is that is basically `` well you do n't know how how linear systems of equation work so you do n't need to know how the law of proportion works ! '', 
  learning you mother tongue is different from learning a second language in your country !, 
  the problem is n't that you ca n't learn other languages if you do n't know the cases but the fact that you do n't understand how cases work and are proud about it . 
  it would be like me saying i do n't know how the law of proportion works and i am proud of that !, 
  i do n't use it anyways . 
  your saying `` idk how a batterie works '' . 
  it 's not that you ca n't live with not knowing those things it 's that those things are basics you learn at school when you are young . 
  by all means you should know how they work . 
  why go to school if you do n't need to know how the world works ? 
  the problem i have is that you are basically saying that knowledge is worthless as long as you can use something correctly and i mean really ... to not know the akkusativ follows the question of `` wen oder was ? '' ... 
  it ai n't hat hard . 
  2 ) compl\u00e9ment de nom - genitiv - frage ` de qui ' 3 ) compl\u00e9ment d'objet direct - akkusativ - frage ` quoi , qui ' 4 ) compl\u00e9ment d'objet indirect - dativ - \u00e0 qui , de qui , \u00e0 quoi , de quoi [ an example for spanish ] ( http://www.grammatiken.de/spanische-grammatik/spanisch-faelle-fallendungen-praeposition.php ), 
  when you learn a second or third language at school here in germany you learn it from the nuts-and-bolts up , that 's how it is taught and it 's a lot easier to learn if you know your cases . 
  school in germany is free . 
  everyone has the same educational opportunities . 
  school is also mandatory . 
  cases are the bare minimum you have to know about grammar , you learn about them when you are still very young because it 's not a complicated concept . 
  there is a curriculum for all schools were the very basics are laid out that have to be taught . 
  i really do n't care how the situation in america is , if he german and went to school here and does n't know how cases work he gave up on learning about them at a very young age and never actually looked into it again when got older . 
  it 's just embarrassing ignorance . 
  look , there are some things that are `` grundwissen '' , like the rule of proportion that , if you went to school , you definitely should understand how it works . 
  you are talking nonsense , it 's important to understand something that you use and the akkusativ and all of the other cases is stuff you learn when you are between 10-12 years old . 
  sadly you are not the only person who has no plan how cases actually work or we would n't have a book like `` dativ ist dem genetiv sein tot '' . 
  have you ever tried to learn languages like e.g. 
  french , spanish , italian , latin , polish without knowing cases ? 
  there 's also one in dortmund in the university area http://www.goruma.de/export/sites/www.goruma.de/globale_inhalte/bilder/content/d/dortmund_schwebebahn_1_1600.jpg, 
  seriously ? 
  you do n't know what an akkusativ is ? 
  come on that 's just pathetic . 
  nothing to be proud of . 
  yeah i know that !, 
  i tried googling it but could n't find this site in particular , that 's the problem . 
  i would just like to know from what edition this one is . 
  please stop , i am having dinner right now dx, 
  do n't ask me , ask the english why they serve baked beans on toast . 
  i imagining the accent and baked beans on toast . 
  all of my orifices closed themselves in terror . 
  u/custard88 do you have a source link ? 
  need to show a source to a british friend that thinks it 's photoshopped, 
  `` i am going to fire my beans up your backside '' does n't sound very sexy to me tbh, 
  idk , they have to organize themselves and then ask for help . 
  everyone is busy with their own projects . 
  we have alliances with israel , france , belgium , sweden . 
  if we get no notification from luxembourg what can you do . 
  to all the spanish players : we would be willing to work together but only if you offer an alliance . 
  so far there is absolutely no consensus among our players so if you want this thing to work come to r/placede and to our discord server to discuss https://discord.gg/cqdyv, 
  we have belgium on the left and we ate austria yesterday, 
  let 's coordinate our efforts . 
  join the europe discord server https://discord.gg/2neve, 
  let 's coordinate our efforts . 
  join the europe discord server https://discord.gg/2neve, 
  no , not quite . 
  ok , i am working on the right part then !, 
  you can see the moment when the pixel post on r/de hit r/all, 
  since one post has hit r/all there is almost no chance of fighting back :( i am still fighting wich blue pixels though , hope dies last !,
