  fb/twitter deutschland know that as well . 
  i do n't believe they are gon na be trigger happy at all . 
  but we 'll see when the first screenshots of deleted content arrive , then we can talk again . 
  as of now i have real doubts this is gon na amount to anything at all positive or negative , things are probably just gon na stay the same . 
  it 's not gon na happen . 
  i believe absolutely nothing will chance . 
  fb and twitters reaction to hate speech is so incredible slow/not there at all . 
  also goes for reporting wrong info or people that are on a witch hunt for the wrong person nothing ever gets deleted and if it does it happens weeks after those tweets were first posted . 
  i have doubts any of this will lead to anything tbh . 
  we are doing that as well . 
  stuff like that will still be allowed you have to get into `` gas them all '' territory to get it deleted . 
  also conspiracy posts like `` x poisoned all our wells , let 's kill them '' will be deleted . 
  bullshit , you report posts than they look into it , if you only reported an opinion you do n't like or a particularly rude person nothing is gon na happen . 
  does n't happen now and will not in the future . 
  did they now ? 
  tell me all about it . 
  great stuff . 
  finland throwing mad shade about education . 
  we would never do that . 
  you can totally trust us . 
  we are just waiting for the ice caps to melt . 
  digging holes on the islands and coast . 
  a hobby that survives generations, 
  same situation in germany , it 's such a shame that our current government seems unwilling to make the last step towards equal rights when it comes to this . 
  if you did the same survey now it would probably look a a little different . 
  i mean this one if form 2012 . 
  hope everyone can agree to treat him as a persona non grata after the comments he made . 
  apparently we can look forward to further entries from lithuania , estonia , portugal , spain and iceland . 
  ok so what were you alluding to when saying '' ... and then you ask why we ... did certain things in the past . 
  ... ... what ? 
  i am now fetishizing hitler because i argued against the the ww2 being a direct consequence of struwwelpeter ? 
  look into my comment history man and consider apologizing . 
  damn brudi , with all the terrible and violent fairy tales and children stories all through human history i am surprised we did n't have more hitlers !, 
  sound argument !, 
  `` black pedagogy '' ??? 
  the stories were not about blindly following rules but . 
  `` if you only look at the clouds while walking you may fall down into something '' `` if you do n't eat anything you may come weak '' `` if you play with matches there is a danger of you and the house catching fire '' `` if you go alone into the woods bad things may happen '', 
  our spanish friends , 
  yes , we can into both versions !, 
  i had the book and loved it !, 
  favourite story was about the [ hare shooting the hunter . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5f/h_hoffmann_struwwel_14.jpg/256px-h_hoffmann_struwwel_14.jpg ), 
  struwwelpeter is responsible for hitler ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  do you have to put an / s or / jk behind everything nowadays . 
  come on . 
  do you have to put an / s or / jk behind everything nowadays . 
  come on . 
  i may have faith in you yet saxony . 
  there are no indications for any of that during his chancellery though so why review it ? 
  was there though ? 
  any hints ? 
  well i think it is a bold statement to make that he has any influence on the current politics especially seeing as his party has n't had the majority since 2005 . 
  the ns projetcs do n't exist because of schr\u00f6der like the other replier already mentioned ns is a private enterprise in which more countries than germany are involved in ( though germany is always singled out for obvious reasons ) . 
  investigated for what ? 
  such as ? 
  he got and gets criticised for that post a lot in germany . 
  but no one not consuming german media would know . 
   business and society do n't mind their chancellor being corrupted by foreign power . 
  what were those services ? 
  temptations are always gon na be there for politicians , i agree . 
   how do you know who he talks with behind the scenes ? 
  how do you ? 
  schr\u00f6der is only in it for the money and nothing more . 
  if you want to tell me that he influences german politics to move closer to russia he is doing a bad job because russian german relations are pretty bad atm and have been so for quite some time . 
  even though some of our neighbours do n't want to acknowledge that fact . 
  schr\u00f6der has no influence at all in germany . 
  just like any other ex-chancellor . 
  good old genocide olympics . 
  `` look our country only got bronze , that does n't count ! '', 
  that 's what i am saying . 
  i agree . 
  i heard about that too but i have n't seen any proof of it . 
  afaik it was played during hollande 's visits as well . 
  if it should have indeed been the case i am sure macron was asked beforehand . 
  i mean german soldiers have been invited to march during the french national day since 94 . 
  they played preu\u00dfens gloria all military music meetings the bundeswwehr takes place in . 
  i could n't find a video from france but here is one from li\u00e8ge in wallonia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv90p3czz2o ( played around 02:17 ) . 
  i honestly do n't think it 's a huge issue . 
  it was n't a song composed to spite the french . 
  like most marches it was written to celebrate a victory . 
  i do n't get it it 's the normal reception we do for every new head of state ( the ones for head of states that come to germany for the first time are always a little big bigger than for head of states that have already been here ) . 
  the pomp is imho kinda ridiculous but tbh kinda minimalistic compared to what other countries do . 
  walk along the beach of any of our islands and you will eventually hit a fkk area . 
  a few years ago i hiked around the eibsee in bavaria and bam , naked people ( was going to the lake shore from the trail and did n't realize i entered fkk area ) . 
  `` if this is true '' , how about looking at pics from the meeting . 
  lots of water bottles on the table . 
  damn the telegraph used to become up with more believable stuff . 
  congratulations neighbours  sorry , other neighbours :(, 
  we just miss you is all . 
  i am rooting for you dutchbros . 
  you definitely deserve it . 
  very well said . 
  we are having problems here in berlin as well , especially in summer ( but since a few years also in winter ... . why would you come to berlin in winter idk ) . 
  tourists are innocent in this ( well unless they act like assholes knowingly , which happens ) , the city is supposed to watch out for its citizens , to not let gentrification go to far , to not make it possible for landlords to evict residents , to not make it possible that only the rich can live in the inner city . 
  ( and ... 
  i do n't know with whom you spoke about garbage pick up but yuck , only once every two weeks ? 
  ... maybe because it 's colder and the bio does n't start to stink in garbage cans ? 
  who knows . ), 
  oh god this comment made me smile .
