  i wish there could be a big coordinated effort together with r/france, 
  considering how few germans are on reddit and that non of the latest pixels were set by users of r/de i have a feeling this pixel army who fights for germany mainly consists of people who 's great great great grandfather came from germany !, 
  i would be afraid of people kidnapping the poor robot on its way to me and stealing my pizza !, 
  i have a question , some sources like the guardian say the document was lost after ww1 while others say it was lost during the soviet occupation of 1940 . 
  so when did lithuania lose track of its declaration of independence ? 
  edit : wait , so only the duplicate went missing in 1940 ? 
  i am so confused, 
  yeah stuff like that mostly happens in rural areas . 
  i am gon na get real worried when sign like that appear in istanbul and the tourist areas . 
  that first one looks rank . 
  i know where i am going this evening . 
  my favourite greek place . 
  were there even enough dutch and germans willing to stay at this hotel ? 
  i doubt it . 
  this is great news !, 
  thanks , so my point still stand concerning the first graphic . 
  for the second , ok i googled verlagsgruppe passau and found polska press grupa . 
  but my point stand here as well . 
  if people do n't like the local news outlets they can switch to another . 
  what is the reason there not that many polish owned ones ? 
  why not start more polish owned publishing groups for the local market ? 
  edit : sorry realised too late you are not op , ups . 
  thanks for the info . 
  tbh i really do n't care if it happened or not i am more shocked that many people in this thread do n't mention that the springer group is basically rupert murdoch which is known by anyone who ever read their publications , and people know that , at least here in germany . 
  just look at the bild and you already know that you are not gon na read quality journalism . 
  even the welt is low effort and compared to the faz or sueddeutsche of lower quality . 
  i do n't understand the flurry over yellow press acting like yellow press i mean what do you expect . 
  do the numbers present amount of editions published ? 
  so it does indeed seem that most gossip magazine and local press belong to springer . 
  when it comes to newspapers there are a lot of polish owned media groups especially when it comes to newspapers , weeklies and radio which are imho the most important news sources so basically when poles speak about springer dominating the polish news markt they are talking about the local press and gossip magazines ? 
  maybe i am reading the charts wrong but to me it looks like poles do have a lot of alternatives to springer press when it 's about news same as people in germany . 
  springer is n't really known for quality journalism in germany . 
  most people think of bild when you talk to them about springer , their reputation among other media is pretty bad . 
  it has always been that way so what i am wondering is , are n't there big media houses in poland that compete with springer ? 
  you must have something akin to the faz , spiegel , sueddeutsche , gruner + jahr etc. 
  springer should only ever operate on the fringes and produce gosspip magazines that you read while waiting for your appointment . 
  how is germany a bully to eastern europe ? 
  you just made my evening . 
  not me either . 
  he looks so happy . 
  how can you be mad at this man . 
  having a fabulous time in a fabulous outfit . 
  as long as it 's still less money than the deportation would cost it 's a win-win situation . 
  well this is not confusing at all . 
  looks like a good show . 
  as always with these shows one wishes there were subtitles but the humour translates pretty well even without knowing the exact words . 
  when that soldier came in carrying that singing child in his arms i was ready to bail but i stuck with it and suffered till the end . 
  we would be willing to trade in the saarland for something . 
  yeah and that 's how it is nowadays and that 's ok but it was n't like that for the most part of history that is what this argument is about . 
  no austria is not germany . 
  so many people have tried to explain the difference between german and germany to you . 
  austria for centuries was part of the heiliges r\u00f6misches reich deutscher nation , the kaiser was austrian . 
  i think you need to brush up on your history a bit . 
  yeah i know . 
  i thought the rule was even that you should n't link to them . 
  i approve . 
  i feel you but polandball is all about stereotypes . 
  if only it were , if only, 
  why is polandball leaking . 
  english subs probably by tomorrow . 
  at least i hope so . 
  people get tired of one topic if it really does n't affect them directly sadly :(, 
  kant is love , kant is life . 
  make the categorical imperativ great again !, 
  finally 10 years of latin classes become useful !, 
  the massive thirst for pics of german police beating up protesters in this thread is ridiculous . 
  reasonable responses are not en vogue anymore . 
  the protesters did n't behave violently and those that brought banned flags and held speeches in favour of the pkk were recorded to be later identified and then go through the judicial system . 
  if the protest had been violent the reaction would obviously have been different as should be obvious from various footages . 
  why use force when it 's not necessary ? 
  well thankfully it is not your basic law then but ours and we like it very much . 
  she tried to explain that the eu makes trade deals , he does n't seem to understand that nor trade deals in general looking at his comments on nafta . 
  she asked him directly and he pretended not to hear it https://youtu.be/ulfukueutiu, 
  the meeting was so hard to watch , the cringe was too high . 
  merkel 's face is like `` i am sorry i am sitting next to a toddler '' . 
  damn , that press conference was painful to watch . 
  i am so tired of this `` leader of the free world `` shit . 
  the concept is weird and germany is n't and does n't want to be the `` leader of the free world '' . 
  we all love tegel though , the poor thing is operating at 300 % of its capacity because brandenburg and berlin ca n't get the new airport done . 
  i tell you , projects between two bundesl\u00e4nder , it is always a bad idea . 
  sorry you had to suffer at sch\u00f6nefeld . 
  glad we agree . 
  they can use then on us right now . 
  the nuclear heads are not under german control . 
  that 's how it works with every country that has us nuclear weaponry . 
  we do n't have the activation codes . 
  and take the damn nuclear heads with you please . 
  can confirm . 
  my clock is ticking but i really do n't feel like having babies . 
  impossible with my current jobs and support from the state . 
  do n't tell bullshit . 
  we are pretty nervous about it . 
  we need you france . 
  if only . 
  in 2013 we had 71,3 % not too shabby , but could and should be a lot better ... until 2002 we always had over 80 :(, 
  it 's not a new law , read the article . 
  they want to enforce the existing law more . 
  i have reasonable doubts that will work . 
  i don ' think they are afraid of the fines at all . 
  if you know how thinks work here fines are given out very rarely if at all .
