  i fail to see what good came out of it . 
  the article was written awkwardly imho . 
  that said , i am happy the relations between germans and lithuanians have gotten to this point . 
  unlike the rest of europe especially eastern europe ... they do n't rely on on russian energy ... at all , right ? 
  russian gas only makes up 1/3rd of germany 's energy supply . 
  in what offensive roles ? 
  have an example ? 
  german troops are in mali , together with you guys . 
  german planes provide intelligence on operations in syria . 
  just two examples . 
  100 % rate am i right ? 
  we already pledged to spend 2 % by 2024 . 
  that has to be enough . 
  you play the game of global warming with tanks ? 
  really ? 
  every sunday ? 
  where ? 
  edit : saw your answer to another berliner , the link you gave does n't show there are demos every sunday or even `` several per week '' . 
  as far as i understand the countries choose the letters themselves and then submitted it for recognition . 
  \u00d6 was n't a latin letter and o looked to similar to 0 . 
  and austria goes far back as the latin name for \u00d6sterreich ... to 1147 actually . 
  switzerland took ch for confoederatio helvetic . 
  this is true , there are definitely more lactose intolerant people living in japan than europe , still in my years living there i only met one person who was lactose intolerant . 
  and it 's not like they do n't have dairy products . 
  they do have them in masses . 
  they are just not good . 
  of course this is just my personal preference i know many people from the us who love japanese chocolate btw while many europeans do n't like it ( i know right , chocolate elitists ) . 
  you get used to the dairy products as well it 's not like they taste `` ewww '' bad , but they definitely taste noticeably ... different . 
  dairy products ever only ever became popular after ww2 . 
  when my friend told me that did n't think japanese milk was so bad anymore after living 8 years in japan , i knew she had finally arrived . 
  good milk products . 
  seriously . 
  everyone who has ever had to suffer through eating a japanese `` yoghurt '' will know what i mean . 
  also cheese from europe that isn like 10 $ for three slices . 
  he/she has been up to this for years and still people fall for it . 
  indeed . 
  let me treat you to a berliner weisse . 
  you know we are bad with that :(, 
  i see . 
  need to read up on it . 
  i know all about that . 
  i am more talking about post 2000 stuff , did n't really keep up at that time . 
  be happy about that . 
  it 's a a luxury . 
  i have become so interested in romanian politics during the last year , i am still mostly confused but trying my best to keep up to date . 
  do you know what the differences to the hk416 are ? 
  yes , saw it on tv  atmosphere was very friendly . 
  as it should be . 
  this was so great . 
  really loved the gesture . 
  and the song is wonderful and timeless . 
  i think it might this one at [ 2:10 ] ( https://youtu.be/xwauohvb7ai?t=2m9s ) though i am still looking for another one were the something similar happened . 
  i think it might this one at [ 2:10 ] ( https://youtu.be/xwauohvb7ai?t=2m9s ) though i am still looking for another one were the something similar happened . 
  i remember this one as well !, 
  trying to find the link . 
  would watch . 
  wow , there is a country where opel is number 1 . 
  so russia did n't send soldiers into ukraine ? 
  was that falsely portrayed ? 
  same here . 
  you think no one has thought about that before ? 
  you think that 's a brand new idea that has n't been discussed ? 
  if we sanction those countries , even more migrants will come . 
  you fear that europe is tolerating refugees too much but it also tolerates people who think like you . 
  so you are saying we let them drown right . 
  because that is what you are saying here . 
  because our demands will not be met . 
  you are delusional about what can be achieved with `` being tough '' . 
  if you think countries like tunisia would be helpless without europe and immediately give in to all of our demands you are sorely mistaken . 
  also the rest of your post shows me you are not a person i want to continue to discuss with . 
  you seem very similar to the kind of people you do n't seem to like . 
  people who do n't respect anything . 
  ah i just wanted to hear you say it . 
  so you want us to let people drown . 
  that 's the quick and easy solution . 
  as far as i know we are working on the camps . 
  and there are negotiations right now but stuff like that is n't that easy only because some countries get a lot of aid ( and most of them less than many here think they do ) does n't mean they will cater to our demands . 
  these things take time . 
  no one likes them taking time but 27 countries negotiating with at least 5 others is gon na take some time , especially if the 27 are not even on the same page on most things . 
  and you would need more than one taker . 
  every country is only gon na take back its own people . 
  but their countries are not taking them back . 
  you said  you 'd think stopping tiny boats full of people with the combined naval power of eu was doable . 
  tell me how it is doable . 
  you guys really believe `` stopping them with boats '' is the super solution to this problem ? 
  ok , let 's say we manage to stop all their rafts with our boats . 
  then what ? 
  because as of now we do n't have a deal with african countries , so we ca n't simply enter their waters and dumb refugees back on their coast . 
  why do n't we have a deal ? 
  because shit like that takes time and not all countries are convinced that is the solution . 
  stop them and then what ? 
  please elaborate . 
  thank you for saying that . 
  every time he or another politician makes a comment like that many people are like `` yeah , finally !, 
  `` then nothing comes of it . 
  why ? 
  because things are just not that simple or easy . 
  you think this was n't tried ? 
  this . 
  and not enough has changed in that regard imho .
