  that 's good news in my book . 
  i see no reason why not . 
  here are two more : [ trend for usa , russia from 07 onwards ] ( http://imgur.com/a/l9s5i ), 
  no it was n't , but it has been slipping ever since bush and especially since trump became president . 
  ah well , i remember that guy . 
  well i do n't care how high the percentage is . 
  if french and germans can agree to overwhelmingly trust each other , that 's a definite win in my book . 
  would be interested as well , though i think it wo n't be anywhere 94 % haha . 
  i can live with that though . 
  maybe someone from france has any numbers ? 
  well it has been moving in that direction for quite a while right . 
  not really surprising . 
  france was always 1st place but definitely got a boost through the election of macron . 
  i heard from a swamp friend today that the german tourists have stopped digging holes in your beaches . 
  she was pretty shocked . 
  is this true dutchbro ? 
  in my unbiased opinion : you are 100 % right on that . 
  i love the way he raises his arms and then ... the fucking light . 
  quality stuff . 
  triggered my ptsd from the first episode of black mirror though . 
  the partition of the city itself . 
  brudi , was laberst du ? 
  #notallgermans i dutifully call you the netherlands and do n't honk at your trailers on the autobahn . 
  good guy / u/neunmalklug, 
  yeah , i wonder what could have happened during the last 70 years that devastated berlin 's economy . 
  the starbucks is next to it across from the adlon hotel . 
  it 's on the same side of the french embassy not across from it . 
  when i first moved here years ago i was so confused by that flag . 
  had to look it up . 
  it was stopped this morning already . 
  read up on the news . 
  yeah , from what i can see the projector was right in front of brandenburg gate on the pariser platz . 
  when you look east from the brandenburg gate it has the us embassy on the right ( and the british as well right after it ) and the french one on the left . 
  the french in the embassy right across most likely enjoyed this a lot . 
  this is correct . 
  the whole thing was started because of bread . 
  you do n't diss our bread . 
  he always uses the same adjectives , this is getting so boring . 
  i quite like it . 
  best picture in this series imho . 
  my impression as well , was scrolling down to see if someone had noticed and mentioned it . 
  yes that 's true . 
  it 's just that apparently at some time , i think even before it was finished the whole `` it looks like a washing machine '' was started ( by the media ? ), 
  and then became `` in berlin they call it the washing machine '' . 
  kind of an urban myth . 
  i like that one . 
  especially the windows . 
  let 's be honest . 
  no one ever call it that apart from the media . 
  so often i was asked `` do n't you call the building washing machine in berlin ? '' . 
  i am with you on that . 
  10/10 would read again . 
  first thing i noticed . 
  that little gremlin grinning the whole time while being attached to donald 's back apparently . 
  i 've watched this like 20times by now . 
  still hilarious . 
  guess we are doing something right then . 
  what a game . 
  congratulations sweden !, 
  hmm weird . 
  maybe you are in the bergmannstra\u00dfe area ? 
  it 's a little more expensive there . 
  or my three streets just have exceptionally cheap d\u00f6ner joints o_o . 
  will make a pic and share !, 
  really ? 
  i get good stuff for that in kreuzberg quite frequently . 
  but i 'll take a pic !, 
  * `` berlin flair , explains it all . '', 
  lies . 
  i pay 2.50 at my local kebab hut in front the edeka at annenstra\u00dfe . 
  best d\u00f6ner ever !, 
  fight me irl . 
  listen to this man preaching the truth . 
  i had a bet going on us being last . 
  you ruined it spain . 
  they could finally introduce subtitles to eurovision . 
  no idea why they have n't done that yet . 
  ai n't it the truth . 
  our song this year is so incredibly shitty , real cringe material . 
  after watching both semi-finals i feel a little better about it though , clearly we are not the only ones with a terrible song . 
  same . 
  and belarus . 
  has been week for the last 3 years imho . 
  damn , that 's pretty obvious . 
  someone is having problems with the high notes . 
  queen serenity walks among us . 
  i am already giving 10 points for not singing in english . 
  there you go . 
  best part !, 
  this sounds like a disney song . 
  ... why is the croatian song partly in italian , i am sorry i am not up to date on eurovision shenanigans this year . 
  liking this a lot . 
  bonus paints for not singing in english . 
  k ... ok the rap part was kinda unnecessary ps : also , why is it so hard to provide subtitles for songs ? 
  i have been wondering that for years . 
  would be great to hear more native languages and read the translation, 
  make it a rule again . 
  everyone has to sing in their own language . 
  you are right . 
  you have my vote because it was the first act to actually make me laugh .
