this is how micronations come into existence, 
  tis is a good map to show how complex the policies of the eu are in regard to member states . 
  would be interesting to see a map showing the percentage of all treaties which apply to each state . 
  this happens in european republics like germany , greece , italy etc. 
  prime ministers often can take a role in this and have done in the past ( i.e churchill , atlee or kohl in reunification ) . 
  so leadership in times of crisis can already be provided , even in an informal sense by popular members of the public . 
  so i do n't think that is really needed to be done by a monarch . 
  generally crisis management is a core feature of te executive in politics literature . 
  as for cultural leader , do we need a constituted one ? 
  i do n't think britain is in a particularly privelidged place culturally in comparisons to european neighhbours . 
  actually monarchs do things . 
  this is a load of nonsense that we give them money to bring in tourists . 
  so far as culture and tourism are concerned we should not have constitutions based on what brings in tourists . 
  constitutions should create systems which preserve liberty of the people and not bring in money or preserve history for niceties . 
  so far as their power is concerned , the guardian had an article on how the royal veto has been used on several issues recently . 
  also , the queen holds frequent meetings with the pm and has even attended cabinet recently . 
  the queen is in a position of constitutional and political power which is not accountable to the people . 
  it is a matter of principle . 
  if we elect someone who is bad at the job we can elect another after . 
  if you have a fool born into monarchy then they will continue whether you like it or not . 
  presidents , especially in the sense of germany or greece , provide the same lobbying role as the monarchy but have some system of accountability . 
  not to mention that constitutions should n't be based on what brings in profit . 
  it was cool that one of those groups are all descended from one man . 
  i do n't think it is in the extent of causing civil wars , but i think it has permeated the way we think of society and i disagree with it . 
  in my eyes culture is something which is as diverse within a state as it is between states . 
  communities of all sorts share cultures . 
  ultimately they are held by individuals and not states . 
  my problem is the generalisations of what scots what or what scots are . 
  it is a democracy so it is natural that scots will disagree and not want something . 
  we should never regard things as `` un-scottish '' . 
  there are n't substantial differences between scots and the rest of the uk in polling evidence . 
  mostly it breaks down along class lines . 
  look in the textbook by mcgarvey and cairney . 
  the difference is often on notions of `` redistribution '' and class alignment where scots often identify as working class . 
  this is probably due to the fact that with fptp politics is dominated by populated areas which happens to be glasgow and the central belt . 
  ere is a diverse viewpoint outside the belt and places such as edinburgh dod n't vote labour till the 80s . 
  again , its a democracy . 
  disagreement eists between the north and south of england , so its all the more case to campaign against the true evil which is the ideology . 
  lastly , you can not compare political elites . 
  scotland has voted on a similar ticket to the north east of england . 
  it is more a hatred of tories and this translates into things the tories opposes . 
  the population is more in line , but we ca n't pretend that people did n't vote for coalition parties . 
  combined they did better than the snp in 2010 !, 
  i do n't think we will have a less confrontational relationship with europe . 
  member state governments act for their member states as it is that population which re-elects them . 
  i would expect any astute scottish government to behave in such a manner . 
  i have to note for people , the debate is very heated between those who really care . 
  many people i know ca n't be bothered with it and find it very tiring . 
  there are a lot of people on twitter , on both sides , who will harass those with a view . 
  you probably will not people downvoting those with legitimate opinions . 
  i just wanted to add that it has gotten pretty immature here . 
  i 'm on the side of the union and have been called all sorts on twitter and in other places . 
  i hope everyone in this thread can be mature to let everyone air their view fairly . 
  different regions actually vote differently in scotland . 
  the west of scotland and glasgow have voted labour consistently . 
  the anorth east is now dominated buy the snp but voted conservative for a long time . 
  the highlands are historically liberal . 
  mcgarvey and cairney in `` scottish politics : an introduction '' note that on an issue basis there is little difference in terms of attitudes towards certain policies but that words such as `` redistribution '' still carry weight . 
  mcgarvey often argued that scots can be a little more socially conservative ( with a small c ) . 
  the reason i think it is viewed as more left wing is becuase of the elite . 
  the politicians and media are a lot mo left wing , partly due to the first past the post system and also because of poor management by thatcher in the 80s . 
  i do n't actually support a federation , but it having as much power as needed . 
  but in answer to your question ; yes . 
  frankly it has come this far in the system at present and to suggest that smaller states wo n't follow their interests would be based on no real evidence . 
  studies about the council , such as the views taken by moravcsik , always note how states look for their own interest . 
  the solution to the system is putting more power in the parliament and electing the commission , not in breqking states up . 
  lets remember that larger states have their place in a system of multi-level government . 
  for example , the uk and the administration of the pound . 
  the liberal democrats currently support a federation and was outlined in their report by lord steel which was pretty much rehashed by menzies campbell . 
  so yes but by the lib dems . 
  scotland does however have more spending powers than most regional governments in europe as well as its own legal system . 
  currently the labour party in scotland is discussing devolving income tax to scotland to bring it into line with other countries in terms of revenue . 
  your argument would stand if it was not relevant to any democracy . 
  the divide , if we take out national identity , in the uk is between north and south ( as in the south east and former industrialised regions ) . 
  those in former industrialised areas vote more strongly for left wing parties than those in richer rural areas . 
  you see this in scotland where rural regions have never voted labour . 
  labour only to edinburgh council in the 80s , whereas the conservatives were displaced in rural regions by the snp in the 80s due to thatcher . 
  there are other lenses to view voting patterns through other than national identity but in the scope of this debate it is that `` scots want x '' . 
  actually , those in former industrialised areas want x. 
  its a democracy , disagreement is normal . 
  : edit : also lets not downvote if you disagree . 
  i would expect people would want to hear counter-arguments . 
  i accept that if people vote for something they should get it ( with exceptions such as breaches of human rights and so on and so long as it is fair ) . 
  but the problem i have , as a scot , is this notion of `` them '' and us scots being fundamentally different to everyone else . 
  i am so pro-europe as i do n't like national identities and i want powers to be where they should be . 
  i simply am as indifferent towards national identity at scottish level as i am to british level . 
  i put the flag in my banner as its the member state i am in . 
  i personally see the rise of nationalism in europe as a bad thing and not a good thing . 
  so there are more fundamental assumptions which are being made in it all which are quite concerning for me . 
  it really is n't . 
  polls have put pro-independence at a third and against a lot hiher in the forties and fifties . 
  that is not entirely true . 
  i am from a family of them and indeed know very many . 
  i just think most people do n't really care . 
  i protested although it was the scottish police ( who are just the same . 
  i just do n't like people referring to britain as england ) . 
  anyway , they treated it like any protest . 
  took a few photos , but probably because we are all so beautiful . 
  yup . 
  maybe the problem is first past the post .
