  that is exactly how i sound !, 
   ~ ~ the french start speaking english ~ ~ okay , let 's be realistic hey now , you guys ca n't complain that we do n't know how to speak english , and at the same time complain that we start speaking english when you try your bad french on us , 
  interesting poll . 
  i have never felt coerced to become an atheist , and i 'd be surprised if it was actually a thing . 
  who cares that it has been in place for a century , if it turns out it does n't work ? 
  that does n't mean we will surrender la\u00efcit\u00e9 . 
  it is , but we do n't mean it in relation to the british raf . 
  i think since it 's meant for kids , it 's so the names are relatable . 
  ultima online was so much ahead of everything else . 
  i 'm sad i never got to play it . 
  how old are the kids ? 
  indeed, 
  i think if for starters we started to subtitle foreign movies instead of dubbing them , it 'd be ~ ~ more easy ~ ~ easier . 
  if i ever have kids , they 'll watch cartoons in english . 
  edit : correction thanks to / u/self _ detonator, 
  the line is of of time and motivation . 
  english is far more useful than just reading books and watching movies , so there 's a lot of motivation to learn it . 
  i would love to lean italian if only to be able to say a few words when i go in italian mountain huts . 
  i wish i would be able to read musashi in the original japanese , but i do n't have time to learn more than a few sentences . 
  when you think about it , it 's sad that there 's no time to learn each and every languages . 
  i did n't know all that . 
  i agree that not being fair with language teaching is insulting . 
  that 's really interesting to know and not a fair situation , i admit . 
  how does that manifest in everyday 's life ? 
  do you have for example ads on tv with french sentences or words ? 
  do lots of people use french word instead of their languages ? 
  i would be surprised to learn that it happens . 
  in france you 'll find old grumpy people complain about the way more and more english comes into our daily life . 
  personally i 'd like all the world to speak english at least as a second language . 
  that 'd make travelling and understanding each other so better . 
  english is the new esperanto . 
  i would agree that lots of french people tend to stay in the `` french internet '' . 
  their loss . 
  my first time gaming on the internet was with asheron 's call . 
  there was no french server on that game , so i had the opportunity to play with english speaking people . 
  and not only was it fun , it helped a lot with my english , end i ended up going on a trip to usa and meet many friends irl . 
  now many games have regional servers . 
  that 's sad . 
  the best , imho , of what i like culturally is made in english : science-fiction , fantasy , etc. 
  it 's not that there are not good french writers or directors , but english has tolkien , asimov , and countless great books and movies . 
  translated it 's just not the same . 
  names sound much better in english than in french to me - examples hogwarts vs poudlard , slytherin vs serpentar . 
  though the names are n't that bad in the translation of lord of the rings . 
  that 's probably why i like english . 
  i do n't mind the loan words at all . 
  that 's how a language lives and evolves . 
  on the contrary , i do n't like when we decide to invent a `` mandatory '' word to replace a well establised word for some concept that was invented in english . 
  ; because most of the time it just sounds too bad . 
  there are exceptions though , like foire aux questions for faq or pourriel for spam . 
  i think the canadians from quebec are much better than the french to make up new `` french '' words . 
  i do n't know anyone that feels french is superior , and young people , especially internet users , have at least a basic knowledge of english . 
  there is certainly people who think that english is a conquering language , and that by not resisting , we are going to lose ourselves . 
  i myself love english . 
  yep , i 've learned that yesterday . 
  that kind of make sense . 
  before i thought the rule was about the written vowel , not about the sound . 
  damn . 
  another mistake , i spelled it almost like french . 
  thanks for the correction, 
  sorry about that . 
  i did n't know it was a mistake until someone pointed it to me . 
  yes !, 
  or sometimes i have an idea how to pronounce it but ca n't seem to do it right . 
  and sometimes the word is close to a word in my language , so i might be tempted to pronounce it the french way . 
  that . 
  i even know how european should be pronounced , but when i wrote that i did n't `` sound '' it in my head and by default i 'll put `` an '' before a vowel . 
  my bad . 
  edit : typo but =  put edit 2 : voyel =  vowel, 
  til . 
  thank you , 
  brazil speaks portugese, 
  one ca n't make an opinion based on just one example by one person , right ? 
  why is anyone giving so much attention to anything sarkozy says ... 
  was the fleet controlled by vichy france or by free france ? 
  thanks for the laugh , 
  i 'm lurking but have nothing interesting to comment . 
  it happens often enough now that i 'm borderline jaded . 
  between the turks and the americans , we are hypocrite cheese croissant munching surrender monkeys . 
  actually as a french i feel that soldiers patrolling the streets are far less menacing to my privacy than the shit laws our government enacted after the terror attacks . 
  agreed . 
  it 's obviously marseille . 
  this is a quickly hand-corrected google translate of the article : the bnvca condemns the violent antisemic aggression against 2 yound jews by several individuals , 21-02-2017 around 9pm , gallieni avenue in bondy . 
  according to the victims ' father , who has high responsabilities in the jewish community of bondy , his two sons wearing a kippa were driving their vehicule on the rn3 ( national road n \u00b0 3 ) they were spotted and approached by the 2 occupants of a pickup truck , who , after having cut in , tried to get them off to leave the road , forcing them to go to a place known to them when they came at their level they shouted to them `` dirty jews , assholes !, 
  you 're going to die ! '', 
  and then forced them to stop near a `` shisha '' bar from which other people came out to lend a hand , and violently attack the two young jews , kicking and punching them and shouting , `` if you move , i will kill you . '', 
  one of the assailants was armed with an handsaw with which he cut a finger from the hand of one of the young victims . 
  shocked and wounded , the young jews went to the hospital and filed a complaint . 
  the bnvca asks the police to do everything possible to identify the anti-jewish aggressors , a father and son described as of north african origin . 
  the bnvca has decided to put its advisors sabine tourjman and ma\u00eetre charles baccouche at the disposal of the two jewish victims to defend their interests and to assist them legally . 
  that does n't look like pain , more like a cake, 
  i have had the opposite experience at work where a guy wrote me in french , it was not clear at all what he wanted so i replyed in english asking for more information , but he kept replying in french . 
  i hoped there would be a website where you could select a place and it would render it for you, 
  how/where do you get these pictures ? 
  is n't that another name for your imagination ? 
  i do n't know exactly what is meant by ageing population . 
  does it mean that we have a higher proportion of aged people ( does it mean that good health care is a bad thing ? ), 
  does it mean we 're older by spirit ? 
  that point reminds too much of donald rumsferld 's remarks ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/2687403.stm ) . 
  i do n't feel like i 'm in a country of old people . 
  except our politicians :(,
