there were/are enough countries that had or still have problems with migrants . 
  greece , bulgaria , romania , croatia , slovakia , czech republic , poland , malta , slovenia ( ? ), 
  and probably more to a degree . 
  some , because of money , some because of fear of more crimes , some because of religion and some because of incompatible culture . 
   that are already 9 ( 10 ? ), 
  of 28 memberstates who are probably leaning more towards a barbwire stance . 
  also in the europarl the conservatives hold the majority , they are n't really known to be philanthropists . 
   why did n't anybody feel the need to go to great lengths to impress the hard stance on the whole of eu ? 
  because they 're not powerful countries , they ca n't get shit done on inside , that 's why the try to rally their people against the eu . 
  there are 2-3 countries who have that power , one made its stance clear and another one has an impotent president who is n't even running for reelection because he knows he 's fucked anyways . 
   if hungarian people are okay with 90 % of the funds being stolen in the process any evidence for your claims ? 
  or just bullshittin around ? 
   or leave cuz thats soooo easy , right ? 
  we 're like the mafia , once you 're in you 're in , if you try to get out we will retaliate . 
   to solve the immigration crisis we all have to do our bit . 
  yes , just build a wall . 
   that 's not what the people want . 
  wrong , it 's not what the people in this europhile sub want , but we 're in a bubble here , you 're not speaking for the majority of europeans , just a fringe group . 
   but i do n't really consider the latest 1 % victory margin to be `` very much not regretting '' something . 
  the point is that the people who actually voted for brexit are n't regretting their vote , not that the whole country does n't regret the referendum . 
  the numbers indicate that the stance towards brexit did n't change at all . 
  we 're jealous of the uk . 
  so why is your population against joining the eu ? 
  last referendums or whatever you call them were basically against a full membership even tho your politicians seem to want it . 
  you 're not even in and you already want out ... jesus, 
  this is why norway ca n't eu ? 
  hey , we have a motto too : schnitzel . 
   why would n't they be ? 
  because this is literally a fun thread , i mean for christ sake the op is a gif of germany annexing austria and france , yet that guy is the only one shitting his pants . 
  if you ca n't have fun in a fun thread then you should n't click on it . 
  there is a time and place for everything , he 's in the wrong place , sorry i 'm not a friend of safe spaces . 
  lighten up or leave . 
  yes , it was a funny roadtrip . 
  wowowow , they did not anschluss \u00d6sterreich , we still have our flag , even with a flag pole . 
  we also annex 'd the polish flag by adding a glorious red bar above it . 
  01.04.2017 that 's what it means . 
   `` used to '' is a bit strong i think i think it 's just right , we 're used to it , actually whole europe is used to it , we do n't have to american `` freedom of speech '' , we have our own restricted variant . 
  in austria as well . 
   politics sub such a garbage sub ... 
  so are you advocating for curry smell detectors or how do you think the landlord will know in time ? 
  we could take my home for example , we have no pets allowed ... everybody has a fucking dog , lmao . 
   and only enforce it if it smells but its too late then . . 
  because the eu does n't know if scotland would be able to sustain itself as a country , this would mean we need a trial period , we do n't want or need another greece . 
   no , but the emphasis on germans is a pretty unnecessary descriptor nutella is n't the same in germany and austria , we have the white bread version , so the emphasis is very necessary . 
  i do n't even know what to say ... 
  does n't mean i eat that shit , does it ? 
  what a tiny dick you have , lmao, 
  sorry , not my fault that it tastes like garbage \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
   i think i read something about nutella being less sweet in italy than in germany ( or was it the other way round ? ) . 
  it 's not about the sweetness , it 's about the consistence , the point being that ferrero assumes that germans use their filthy dark bread for nutella ( [ also why they use dark bread in the german ads ] ( http://bilder.augsburger-allgemeine.de/img/migration/crop7584606/8924786683-ctopteaser-w1200/nutella-spot.jpg ) ) and a thicker nutella would be better for that , while the rest of the world would use normal white bread and a thinner nutella would smear better onto that . 
   they obviously crossed the line with nutella . 
  no they did n't , nutella became garbage in every country . 
  this is the mother of clickbaits . 
  this is n't even a clickbait title that leads to an article , no its a clickbait that leads to a clickbait . 
  yes , the integrate you and they are independent . 
  like a federal europe , that would integrate the countries and be a independent entity itself . 
  it was kinda their message they just did n't phrase it that nicely , `` assimilate '' sound cooler . 
  what are jobs ? 
   in real life , that 's not something you really can or want to do ( anymore ) . 
  where the hell are you ? 
  here are enough people that enlist to `` fight the bad guys '' . 
  that 's what the borg said to any foreign species . 
  not even close . 
  but he 's right , this sub is a european circlejerk , of course the majority here wants a federal europe , but this does n't reflect the opinion of the real world , too many countries fought way too hard for their independence . 
  do n't shatter my confidence . . 
  i 'm only 5 ' 7 myself ;( on the plus side , putin is the same height . 
  5 ' 7 is n't that short ... 
   it creates a swing towards conservative parties as people are subconsciously influenced by their surroundings . 
  or it does the exact opposite because you 're so repelled by this institution that you 'll vote the least conservative party that you can find . 
  yea , this works both ways . 
  i 'd never avoid a ford mustang . 
  it 's a fucking satire account ... 
  so you 're saying that turks are n't very bright people ? 
   jeremy corbyn really ? 
  the guy that secretly wanted brexit ? 
  i found out that it 's actually lgbtqia or lgbtqiaq ? . . 
  jeez, 
  if they 're german they 're freaky . 
  sums up humanity . 
  they 're adding stuff everyday , amazing, 
  the a stands for attack helicopter , duh, 
  yea , north africa is the middle east for me ... haha, 
  implying germany is n't eastern europe and therefore russia ... 
  lgbti what the fuck does the i stand for, 
  [ really !, 
  ] ( https://media3.giphy.com/media/jctprj11cyn6g/200w.webp#28-grid1 ) jk , i 'm with you on this one . 
   if your child searched for moana in an european search engine the results could be ... nice for 12 year old boys https://www.google.at/search?q=moana+pozzi&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewidh8ggnqbuahxhqjokhe4gb_qq_auicigb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=974#tbm=isch&amp;q=moana just disney shit , even if you google the full name of the pornstar its actually pretty tame stuff ( some bush , wohoo ) compared to everything else on the net, 
  it was horse meat from some old race horses that were pumped full with antibiotics , steroids and other crap but i guess that would be healthy enough for you . 
  well , what shall joe average do ? 
  go on a crusade ? 
  i mean there really is n't anything a normal citizen can do , except accepting that stuff like this is happening . 
  we 're already doing that for hate speech and facebook postings ... 
  yup , i know that 's why just recently it was discovered that our biggest mosques are being used for is recruitment and radicalisation . 
  `` integrated people '' going to syria with their families and letting their 6 yr old witness beheadings . 
  if the horse meat scandal in germany taught me anything ... its probably in all lidl products : o, 
  problem : less for them is still twice as much as natives . 
   a similar culture with a slightly different ethnic composition right because , they integrate . 
  at least in some parallel universe . 
   may the perpetrators burn in hell . 
  with their 72 raisins .
