  tbh , i rather die than lose an arm . 
  i 'm 100 % serious . 
  yes , austrian tv network shows , i actually forgot about american college campuses . 
  nope , but since it comes from lidl there 's probably horse meat in it . 
  and it 's probably why left wing politics often try to censor right wing politics . 
   afaik they have problem with growing inequalities and poverty funnily enough , that 's happening because of their low unemployment rate . 
   i 'm still flabbergasted that this guy 's vocabulary does n't extend beyond `` very bad '' . 
  that 's actually a strategy , use a vocabulary that even the biggest hillbilly redneck dipshit can understand so they vote for you . 
  sadly , the majority of the voters are n't college grads . 
  i hope ur trolling , lol, 
  and at the voting booths , oh i guess everywhere it counts . 
  crumbling ? 
  the normal centrists are crumbling , the extremists are winning . 
  do n't delude yourself . 
  http://i.imgur.com/lwoxhc1.png merriam-webster , racism for students 2 . 
  this is discrimination based on racial traits like skin color , therefore ... 
   people are saying white colored individuals were never held as slaves those people really need to open some history books . 
  typical case of uneducated buffoons . 
  you ca n't be racist against white people , everybody knows that , duh . 
  but they would have to pay minimum wage for them , germany was in talks to exclude refugees from minimum wage . 
  she was about to close the borders to germany 's surrounding european countries at any minute . 
  the plan was already on her desk , she made a mistake , shes not for open borders , assuming that is stupid , she was for cheap labour . 
  merkel open borders ? 
  yea , that chart is complete bullshit . 
  well , people have to make difficult choices , watch hot co-eds or visit angela . 
  actually ... not so difficult . 
  she 's just trying to ride on his [ victory wave ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder886/64062886.jpg ) . 
   people inhabiting \u00d6sterreich considered themselves german just like bawarians or saxons were n't they ? 
   just as much as people living in poland consider themselves russians . 
  we actually have own curse words for germans . 
   my point was that \u00d6sterreich historically was just an eastern realm of the germans not unlike like bawaria or other german states . 
  how is your take on this ? 
  my point is that poland is just a western relam for russia . 
   `` not a single doctor had a dossier about lucas and child protection services did not know about them . '' ___  defending themselves , lucas 's father , named only as peter s , said : `` we never went with lucas to a doctor because we never noticed anything unusual . '' yea , they made up an allergy to justify the murder of their son . 
   according to their lawyer karine van meirvenne , the parents thought lucas had an eating problem . 
  `` lucas had an eating disorder . 
  he got cramps when he was fed with a bottle and his parents tried out alternatives , '' said ms van meirvenne . 
  so , first daddy said nothing was unusual , now the lawyer says he had an eating disorder and they did n't visit a doc ? 
  top notch lawyering right there . 
  gluten free is for sick people , people who 're healthy and on a gluten free diet are fucking retards . 
  he 's a comedian , who cares . 
  i was talking about americans back in the 1700s . 
  ask the natives . 
   no other people settle in a state and demands its laws to adapt to them and not the other way around and turn violent if they 're not obeyed . 
  americans . 
  that 's not an uncommon and old font tho . 
   even the streetsigns still have that old germanic front lmao , wat ? 
  do you mean [ that ] ( http://www.myfonts.de/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/grillparzerstra%c3%9fe.jpg ) ? 
  if not and you 're talking about something like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/wien_steindlgasse_-_stra%c3%9fenschild.jpg ) , then you 've never left the tourist paths . 
   then grant them asylum . 
   we only care about brown people , ukrainians can either visit a tanning salon or fk off . 
   i lived in vienna for a long time and most foreigners i knew gave 0 fucks about austira and it 's culture . 
  pretty sad imo . 
  and we 're proud of that fact . 
  do n't ask me why , `` vienna is different '' . 
  now the turks stopped serving alcohol at turkish owned bars and restaurants in vienna ... this shit is getting weirder every year . 
  any evidence for those `` facts '' ? 
  kebab and coffee . 
  easy . 
  oh no , turkey does n't count as mena anymore ... well not so easy . 
  trust me , you do n't want germany rubbing off on you . 
   we look at west and see migrants abusing laws , disrespecting culture and customs and refusing to integrate , do n't get me started on crime and terrorist attacks ( the latter of which we have a miniscule amount ) . 
  we got used to it , you can get used to it too . 
  apparently this is normal . 
   denmark does n't have the euro , neither does sweden , but dkk is tied to the euro . 
   iirc the loophole that allowed them to keep their currencies is gone , new members either adapt/work towards adapting the euro or wo n't be accepted . 
  i see the price differences between germany and austria alone , if i walk into a m\u00fcller and get all the shit i need i pay ~ 20 euros more in austria . 
  mind you , i 'm buying the exact same products from the exact same brands . 
   food and most groceries have the same price in ee countries too i see you 've never lived there, 
   also cost of living is very different between munich and rural germany . 
  rent maybe , but that 's about it . 
  food , groceries , etc are pretty much the same . 
   ubi of $ 150 all across europe could work . 
  thats a load of crap , whats $ 150 in our countries ? 
  you want to scrap social services for $ 150 ? 
  edit : just turn the ee countries into poverty camps , great idea . 
  that 'll show those fuckers , stop being poor , newbs !, 
   i do n't think it 's ever meant to be for non-citizens . 
  even if it 's only for eu citizens it 's a complete disaster . 
   ubi is not a princely fortune , it 's meant to be enough to allow someone to live but it does n't work inside of the eu , the cost of living is vastly different between the countries and one of the eu main points is the free movement . 
  why would anyone in romania apply there for ubi ? 
  anyone from the poorer countries would move to germany or maybe austria und apply for ubi there , this means you 're killing the poorer countries and the richer ones aswell . 
  ubi works in a national state , but not across the whole union , if you want ubi you do n't want the eu . 
  ubi does n't work inside of the eu . 
  history repeats itself , 
   feel like there is a general tendency to regard far right wingers in other countries as more extreme than the domestic far right wingers . 
  nope , it 's the other way around here , ours are always the worst :d, 
   or you can not have a monetary union this one please , with fries and extra ketchup . 
  i swear to god , i said this during the greece crisis and got downvoted to oblivion . 
  i 'm saying that for years now ... 
   some turk living in europe could do that , please ? 
  i 'm not completely up to date , but did n't he get ( percentage wise ) more votes from european turks than turks living in turkey ? 
   maybe , some attention , that is all i hope . 
  yea , i mean that totally stopped putin , we 're raising awareness and while you 're at it maybe phonebank a bit for bernie so he can replace donald . 
  you just need to get the word out there , somebody , somewhere will , maybe , probably , i guess not , do something . 
  i posted back 13 hours ago , when his post was 5 minutes old and already at -3 and i went to -1 , guess what , times change . 
  `` victim mentality '' . . pathetic . 
  we do n't need that cue , apparently our population is dying and shit , but we 're at an alltime high , very very weird . 
  i mean , last time vienna had as many people was somewhere around the world war and it was a lot bigger back then , lost like 3 huge districts . . 
  but ngos will lose a lot of profit and , according to our papers , they 're the experts in everything related to refugees .
