  holy shit . 
  that 's mind-boggling . 
  that 's true that shortening the terms would not help if it 's systematic . 
  however , shorter terms would mean at least a probability that one politician would look at the hands of another - unless they 're all in the same `` gang '' and share their corruption income , one politician might want to look into the public spending of another to bring the dirt to the surface and get elected instead . 
  we ca n't really trust the politicians to be honest . 
  we can , however , trust them to be selfish bastards that will backstab each other to get ahead . 
  the idea is to use that against the corruption . 
   jordi pujol 's presidency of 23 years theeeere 's your problem . 
  luckily for us , dead men put up no opposition . 
   people are arguing : was the decision of starting uprising good or not ? 
  i doubt we 're gon na settle that in the next 70 years either . 
  i guess i 'm going to get drunk on polish cider * and * moldavian wine in the following months . 
   ( i 've had this happen to me , annoying as hell , and a colossal waste of an hour ) why would you allow someone to try to convert you for an hour ? 
  you know , we have mormons and jehova 's witnesses as well , but you just say `` no , thank you '' and that 's that . 
  at the de gaulle airport all the staff barely talked english , seemed determined to use it as little as possible , and seemed very bad ai when they did . 
  when i 'm in a hurry looking for my gate i do n't have the time to play the `` bonjour , parlez-vous anglais ? '', 
  game . 
   is it a big deal ? 
  nobody cares , honestly . 
  lack of `` the year of russia '' means the ministry will no longer sponsor a few concerts and plays , and , well , i think that 's it . 
  some theaters and concert halls will have to reschedule or something . 
  easy - a lot of articles linking to that one picture , containing the phrase `` british girl '' in the title , in the contents and in the image caption . 
  damn , what is up with you germans and giant zeppelins . 
  not that it is n't wickedly cool . 
  ~ ~ glancing at the map , it seems the route went around absolutely any mountain ranges it could - maybe that was the reason . 
  at first i thought that it would be much closer to get to the adriatic , but there are the alps in the way . ~ ~ those are rivers , duh . 
  i feel like an idiot . 
  well you got ta say something nice and heroic , `` we want to kill their men , rape their women and take their shit '' does n't have the same ring to it . 
  that is true . 
  case in point - russia at eurovision . 
  also i think some time ago there were concerts cancelled of some russian choir that performed in soviet uniforms . 
  it was nice that the choir representatives were understanding , though tensions or not , i too am of the opinion that performing in such uniforms in some post-soviet bloc countries might be considered in bad taste . 
  we just do n't like fun in poland . 
  i think we had that once and hated it . 
  that being said , every roller-coaster-y attraction i ever encountered that seemed to be of any value was at the same time so expensive , that i could go for some very expensive dinner with that money instead . 
  so i did . 
  maybe we could have tours around them , and collect money from tickets . 
  some fun summer cruises too . 
  that would be all fine and dandy , but more often than not the barriers are put in the middle of nowhere , so they guard empty fields from the horrible noise . 
  plus like the article says , there are alternatives to noise reduction , some of them both cheaper and more aesthetically-pleasing . 
  that being said - i 'm not an expert on this stuff , but would n't an ugly as fuck 5-meter tall wall reduce the nearby property value anyway ? 
  it 's also not like it can completely remove the noise ... 
  who the fuck is garth brooks ? 
  no , not a department . 
  it 's not a part of esa , which is of course a separate entity . 
  it is an agency in poland to coordinate the aerospace sector instead of various posts that are scattered in various ministries . 
  other entities are more or less already doing what polsa will do , but it 's distributed and inefficient . 
  it 's more like a think tank or something . 
  of course . 
  estonia does n't do its budget based on internet memes ? 
  get with the times , people !, 
  the issue was n't that he refused to perform the abortion - according to polish law he has every right to refuse , even though the law only permits to abort if the pregnancy is a danger to the mother or the child , or if it 's due to rape , and it 's before a certain week into the pregnancy . 
  however , the doctor is obligated to direct the patient to another doctor that will perform the operation . 
  he refused * that * as well , citing his morals , which sparked the whole situation . 
  the patient was deceived by him on purpose to hold off the abortion for long enough to make the abortion illegal and impossible in poland . 
   punishing politicians ha ha ha . 
   the speed limit on motorways in poland is 140 km/h apparently only since 2011 . 
  i did n't even know , i also thought it 's still 130 . 
   to be honest our speed limit regulations are completely fucked up . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 the regulations are fairly normal , it 's the speed limit placement that is often idiotic . 
  yes . 
  that 's offensive to tools , tools are useful . 
   did i miss something ? 
  they were just talking . 
  yes , that 's my point . 
  even the worst stuff they talked about was n't even illegal . 
   then there is pis and all of its spin-offs haha yes , i think kaczy\u0144ski had a cabinet of ministers picked the next day after the publication of the tapes , 
  right , but still , none of that stuff is criminal . 
  and did n't the abw `` raid '' was explained later to be misrepresented as something more severe than it was ? 
  it showed more incompetence than any real malice or force . 
   feel free to correct me , but apart from the central bank stuff , nothing all that explosive has come out other than them being rude about other politicians , and making copious amounts of dick jokes . 
  pretty much . 
  the only incriminating part of the tapes was actually nowak talking about tax evasion i think . 
  the central bank stuff may be in bad taste and unconstitutional , but is n't exactly illegal - as in , no law actively prohibits what they were doing . 
  the rest are just private conversations . 
  oh , okay , must 've misunderstood you , sorry . 
  people do often call the states `` the states '' though . 
  it probably went like this : - we get hammered on this night . 
  - fine , but do it for jesus . 
   judging by the way things are going right now i doubt it . 
  they see themselves as some holy cows . 
  yeah , wprost is acting like a poor man 's version of wikileaks/snowden . 
  sorry for my polish , but : `` jaki kraj , takie wikileaks . '', 
   if thats what he thinks , why does n't he do it . 
  a number of factors , perhaps . 
  he can be acting on the wishes of the public . 
  he can be acting upon the wishes of the pm . 
  i 'm betting on the first one : if he 's criticizing the polish mentality while also criticizing the foreign relations ( for which he 's responsible , in part ) the it might mean he 's doing what he 's expected to do , while still thinking of it as a bad path . 
  is that bad ? 
  i think it 's a `` damned if you do , damned if you do n't '' situation . 
  he would get the boot if he went against the wishes of the public ( imagine the uproar from opposing parties if we downplayed on the relation of our `` biggest ally '' and all the voices on how he 's a public servant , yadda yadda ) . 
  now he 's getting flak for not going against the public wishes when he has a differing opinion . 
  this will not help our foreign relations . 
  i 'm all for `` whistleblowing '' leaks like with exposing nowak 's fraud or belka 's mishandling of his position , but these are released only to discredit the top politicians , without any regard to how this will reflect on the country . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  nothing in the tapes is really criminal , but the vulgar and blunt language about some matters that should be handled as gently as possible can bring all of this shit down . 
  well you know more polish than i know dutch . 
  i would n't mind seeing him go , i do n't have any particularly strong positive feelings towards the current government ( not that much negative either , to be honest ) . 
  the problem is that i do n't see any alternative for me to support . 
  the other two major parties are either conservative-right uptights or ex-communist leftists .
