  i think your hosts wanted to impress their guests more by buying the more `` fancy '' option of a tram tour . 
  `` hide '' may be a wrong word on my part . 
  i mean that the investigation may have been directed in such a way to show the russian side in a more positive light . 
  while i absolutely do not believe in the theory that the crash was an assassination , in my opinion the investigation was handled badly and in a manner that seemed subservient to the russian federation , which in turn led to many of the conspiracy theories to spring up , with many people not believing in the evidence , due to the way it was acquired ( even if absolutely valid in itself ) . 
  russia benefited from the polish gov 's incompetence by fueling the resulting rift between the polish people , and possibly managed to bend some facts to hide any neglect on their side . 
  many people already decided what the truth is , and in that sense no amount of investigations or examinations will affect their views . 
  not to say that the initial reaction to the crash was adequate though . 
   red taping the migrants away such is the european way . 
  one thing that unites us all is bureaucracy . 
  i protested when the acta was signed . 
  is that enough protesting for me to keep my democratic rights ? 
  anyway , i suppose what you 're trying to say is that you support the previous government , and are happy that what was previously fine unofficially is now written down into a bill . 
  who is this `` we '' ? 
  sure , like i said , it depends on the determination of the hungarians . 
  right now the fence is not a very serious obstacle , but this might change if the borders get stormed by thousands of people . 
  that 's a silly thing to say . 
  whether closing borders works or not depends on the determination of the migrants , yes , but also on the determination of the country that is closing the borders . 
  in case of hundreds of refugees storming the border , pushing down fences and using force to get in , i do n't think the hungarians ( or any other sane country ) will just sit on their hands , crying * `` oh noooo , our fence , they have found our only weakness - pushing !, 
  what will we doooo ?! '' * . 
  at that point it stops being a migration and becomes an invasion . 
  this is so embarrassing . 
  eh , more like 3 lunches . 
  4 if you eat cheap . 
  at least only the elections when pis won were n't announced as falsified , 
  zalewajka is potatoes drowned with \u017curek . 
  i have a hard time understanding russian apart from some odd word . 
  i will much more easily communicate with a croat than with a russian . 
  i 'm sorry you find my communication skills offensive and russophobic . 
  hey , that 's only slightly warmer than here in poland . 
  yet here we are , joking that poles live off of the british taxpayer . 
  it was n't ? 
  sure , but you 'll hardly profit from giving every family about 120 dollars per child every month , which is the reason of the increased spending plan . 
  i do n't complain about the increased military spending , i think we should uphold our nato obligations . 
  my point was that making deficit is worse . 
  i just find it funny , they complained that the previous government indebts poland worse then the communists , but now they increase deficit . 
  good to know they do n't aspire to do anything better in the country then , 
  we 'll take some loans , most of the pis electorate will die of old age before its time to pay up anyway so it 's not their problem . 
  well , that 's possible . 
  as the article mentions , they did n't charge him with anything , likely there 's no substantial evidence , just a suspicion from the internal security agency . 
  he was n't really deported or anything , but they annulled his permit of residence , so he had to leave . 
  it 's possibly not fair , but then again internal services of other countries , notably russia or usa , deny entry or expel foreigners over lesser accusations ( confirmed or not ) . 
  yeah , but the core pis electorate would say that they are doing good even if kaczynski just laid a steaming turd in the middle of the parliament hall . 
  that 's the problem . 
  to them there will never be an issue with this , because with a pis government we do n't even need a constitutional tribunal , because pis ca n't possibly break the constitution . 
  i still have no idea how people can consider it ok to just let everybody in , no questions asked . 
  since when has simple border protection has been considered nazism ? 
  i actually support aiding the refugees , but for fuck sake , do some background checks first and keep an eye on them . 
  i would say that 's a fairly high approval rating . 
  well , communist movements are illegal in many post-communist countries . 
  as for anarchist movements , i have n't really heard of any anarchists that are older than 15 , so i do n't think they 're doing well . 
  well , so much for libert\u00e9 . 
   new government keeps it up considering that the new government 's opinion is that the previous government did everything wrong and want to do more or less every detail exactly opposite , then they are going to either do better or worse , but definitely they 're not going to `` keep it up '' . 
  next : turkey urges russia to return land to the mongols . 
   we do n't follow the same policies in other topics hell , two poles do n't follow the same policies in other topics . 
  uh , jail ? 
   accept the african citizenshop and go to africa great idea , let 's pay money for convicted terrorists to get sent to a safe haven with others of similar views where they can do as they please . 
  surely nothing bad could come out of that . 
  also africa probably does n't have enough wars already , let 's populate it with more violent criminals . 
   he is a criminal and not a refugee and not an asylum seeker is this like one of those `` that terrorist that says he 's killing for islam is n't muslim to us '' arguments ? 
  because at least one of the terrorists certainly * was * a refuge and asylum seeker . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think we should help out in the migrant crisis , stopping all migrants from coming here is exactly what these terrorists want . 
  but is it so hard to consider safety concerns as well , perform thorough screening , keep track of later whereabouts of the migrants , and secure the borders ? 
  it 's maddening , i think the safety concerns are rational * and * not that hard to solve , why are they throwing away any discussion on this ? 
  you also do n't have any control over , in example , the life of your father , but you can be proud of him . 
  unless that 's also not possible ? 
   are there nationalists that do n't use that slogan ? 
  luxembourg maybe . 
  `` luxembourg for luxembourgians '' does n't have the same ring to it . 
  oops , sorry , i guess i should n't assume that this is your point . 
  i thought that since we 're comparing capitalism and communism , your criticism of capitalism was somehow an argument for communism . 
  apologies . 
  and that 's somehow worse than a system that has to be maintained by force and oppression every single day ? 
  reflect what exactly ? 
  the issue here is celibacy and extramarital sex . 
  i do n't exactly support celibacy , i think it would bring some fresh air if it was n't mandatory . 
  it hardly has much to do with the 21st century though . 
  hey , in poland at least it stops raining sometimes . 
  it 's fairly expensive at a local clinic . 
  add to this that western clinics and doctors are a lot more expensive than in poland , plus poland 's lower purchasing parity , and the cost of travel and extended stay . 
  edit : [ around 5000-8000 zloty in a clinic in poland ] ( http://www.klinikabocian.pl/koszty-leczenia/koszt-in-vitro/ ) , so about 1200-1800 euro . 
  [ 5000-7000 pounds in uk ] ( http://www.thebridgecentre.co.uk/about_us/fees ) , so around 8300 euro - over 5 times more . 
  sure , you can do practically anything abroad , question is can you afford it . 
   evil pis well , let 's not pretend that pis did n't win right now based exactly on that `` anti the other guys '' sentiment . 
  social and religious views aside , i have yet to meet a single pis voter that actually knows and finds reasonable and doable pis 's economic promises , as well as believing that a trillion zloty can be found in the budget if only kaczynski looks at it real hard . 
  rolling back the current in vitro law was actually one of their election promises . 
  i have a friend who 's trying for a baby for some time now , i hope they make it on time before they ban it . 
  it 's easier if you consider parties on a 2d map , with separate scales for economic and social views . 
  more orbans !, 
  hurray ? 
  i do n't think there 's much cultural stigma of divorce to speak of in poland . 
  if anything , it 's more of an economic one ( with the wife fearing she wo n't support herself on her own ) , but that ca n't also be a decisive factor when looking at some other countries . 
  for example , russia has both a more conservative and poorer ( or comparable in big cities ) society than poland , but almost double the divorce rate . 
  similar for ukraine and belarus . 
  i do n't have a problem with that . 
  assuming that parliamentarians who ca n't see the document they are voting on simply vote `` no '' . 
  probably wishful thinking on my part . 
   i really need to move to germany and work . 
  it would be a great life experience . 
  ... is exactly what 500,000 syrians said , 
  it might be problematic when 100 % of the food grown in your country is copyrighted , licensed and under control of a single private corporation .
