  nice try , central anti-corruption bureau !, 
  but those are luxury products . 
  we 're talking reducing the quality of everyday products ( food ) to allow lower prices for luxury products . 
  or , depending how you look at it , making good of current quality a luxury product . 
  * especially * poland . 
  let them in , have the police escort them , but be extremely anal about dnt transgression . 
  sooooo , if i understand right , turkey will recognize the genocide and will think of the reparations ( like i previously said , they do n't necessarily need to be * paid * ) when every other wrong is made right on the planet and we have world peace . 
  i 'm sure that will come soon . 
   why doesnt russia pay then because they 're a bag of dicks and actually are shameless enough to call their invasion and occupation as `` liberation '' . 
  however , the polish state did and does do reparations in the name of the communist state and it 's crimes , it 's not like we did n't have skeletons in our own closet . 
  nationalized property is still being restored from time to time , and the victims of the regime have been given recompense . 
  we need to take responsibility for our past actions if we want to move forward , and be counted among civilized countries ruled by law , and upholding human rights . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reparations_ ( transitional_justice ) #examples _ of_reparations_programs you ask me a lot of questions but ignore mine . 
  to make amends and reconcile with the victims ? 
  as per un reparation definition to `` restore the victim to the original situation before the gross violations occurred '' ? 
  to repair the damage ? 
  to guarantee future safety and to observe memory ? 
  you do realize that `` reparations '' does n't necessarily mean that every living armenian gets a bucket of cash from the turkish state right ? 
  ( although they can sue the state of course ) reparations can be a lot of things , from restoration of property , to memorialization ( by funding museums , cemeteries , monuments and education campaigns ) , commemoration , or simple promotion of minorities such as armenians as equal citizens . 
  now please do tell me how is that illogical . 
  why not ? 
  seems like a logical step . 
  * german death camps in present day poland * dammit !, 
  okay , and have the changes imposed by the current government improve the situation , or did they just `` change teams '' ? 
   anti-government i like to believe there is * something * between pro-government and anti-government . 
  in ye olde times there was something like objectivity and journalistic integrity , not just `` telling filthy lies to support the guy that pays us '' . 
  edit : eh , what am i saying . 
  lately it 's impossible to really have a sensible political discussion without complete polarization here in poland , so of course there is nothing between pro-gov and anti-gov . 
  you 're either a patriot or a traitor to your country . 
  apparently i ca n't dislike pis without loving po and approving of all of the old governments policies and actions . 
  the most shocking part for me still is learning that germany has comedians . 
  you misunderstand . 
  the migrants have to learn the language of the country they would like to move to . 
  the language barrier wo n't stop them from moving to poland or estonia , only the fact that they do n't want to move here . 
  they would n't move to poland even if poland 's official language was arabic . 
  which is also something we kept telling during the discussion on migrant quotas . 
  forcefully moving someone to a place where he 's neither wanted nor he himself wants to be there ? 
  great plan . 
  but they were removed . 
  tk removed them . 
   i only even managed to do like 3 air assassinations while i was there . 
  impressive , that 's 3 more than is possible in the game i think , because at no point you encounter actual people in the location . 
  congratulations , and may bales of hay be always located in your favor . 
  well i do n't know enough of the topic to argue , you 'd have to take that to prof. miodek , but just wanted to say that the locals can come up with the weirdest shit and over time of everybody repeating it in a positive feedback loop , it sort of becomes an accepted fact . 
  example : here in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a we have a ul . 
  for some reason half of the locals asked will say that the name does not come from eagles , but some guy named orl . 
  nobody knows who the fuck is this orl , but they will rather die than admit that it 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  [ my sources say otherwise . 
  i knew it was the one from assassin 's creed !, 
  i do n't know if it 's sad that 90 % of my knowledge of italy 's history , language and geography comes from ac ... 
   what is the meaning of torun ? 
  most likely derived from `` place where blackthorn grows '' ( tarn\u00f3w ) , but distorted due to the name being being translated/used back and forth between polish and german . 
  tarn\u00f3w ( polish ) -  thorn -  toru\u0144 ( polish again ) . 
   talented writers , with a healthy dose of distance towards themselves , could turn it into a pretty decent entertainment . 
  especially if they 're not frugal with self deprecating humor and throw some quality banter into the mix . 
  you do realize we 're talking about polish ~ ~ public ~ ~ national television , right ? 
   i even as a non-slav am saddened when i see hatred between slavic nations meanwhile , nobody gives a shit about being slavic in slavic nations . 
  except maybe some proponents of pan-slavism in russia , which is disregarded nearly anywhere else , because the usual spiel is `` all slavs are equal , but russians are more equal '', 
  good for you actually . 
  people i know that voted for them are all `` this is exactly what we wanted , very good '', 
  it is 100 % religious reasons . 
  topic started by the bishops . 
  the impact of currently legal abortion ( only in case of danger to mother 's health , defect of the embryo , rape ) on the birthrate is near zero . 
  so why do n't they vote for the communists ? 
  if they want it so much just kick capitalism in the ass , restore centralized economy , redistribute the goods , reanimate lenin 's corpse . 
  per hour , not per day . 
  or made the whole thing up ? 
  truly , his evil knows no bounds . 
  so you 're saying next step is to adopt the good old stalinist tradition of sending the opposition to mental hospitals ? 
   good to know pis voters have great role models . 
   until the tragedy at smolensk happened , which placed po in power for 8 years i 'm sure you remember that pis already was out power when the crash happened . 
  pis quarreled with the coalition , and called early elections not being able to form a minority government . 
  the gamble failed at the time and po won . 
  that was in 2007 , three years before the crash . 
  that 's not how laws work . 
  there is no reaching consensus on respecting the constitution . 
  nobody is going to say `` okay , we agreed that we wo n't oppose or protest the government 's unlawful actions , and they promised they will break the law only a little bit '' . 
  that sounds pretty normal for small towns and the countryside . 
  i do n't think warsaw being nearby matters that much . 
  holy jumping hyperbole batman . 
  you quickly came from `` people should be tried fairly for their crimes '' to the conclusion that `` every gitmo prisoner is a saint '' . 
  which is silly , i think it 's a historical issue at best . 
  wa\u0142\u0119sa was n't really active in politics in the last 21 years . 
  i do n't know what contracts are practiced in germany , but i have yet to see a contract that does n't have a clause that the rent agreement is void if the tenant stops paying rent . 
  you ca n't just pretend he 's still renting the apartment , rent it to someone else and still secretly keep registering overdue payments . 
  so according to you we 're fucked then , because option 1 is an impossible utopia . 
  if you have an idea for eliminating all scarcity i 'm all ears . 
   we are very much pro-western values . 
  just not necessarily the post-1968 version of them . 
  please do n't generalize . 
  yeah no shit . 
  i 'm only waiting to start my netflix trial for the new daredevil season , hopefully at least that will be available . 
  i only heard of norwegian salmon . 
  never knew latvia has salmon . 
   they claim the documents are genuine . 
  and only hours after saying that it will take days or maybe weeks to verify the document 's authenticity . 
  interesting indeed . 
  but there 's a bus in the photo ... as for trams , if you have a tour around a city you have to somehow get from place to place . 
  most tours use buses , very few use trams . 
  tram is considered more attractive by some , due to the novelty factory of traveling by tram .
