   the quotas are actually for redistribution away from the primary countries of entry , e.g. 
  hungary , greece , and italy . 
  germany would take refugees under that scheme . 
  ok , but the point is the same . 
  also , since i expect them to try to get to germany anyway , then germany will have to deal with the influx either way . 
   they wo n't be able to get work in another eu country . 
  they can walk to germany all they want , but they wo n't be able to register there , be eligible for benefits , or participate in the economy . 
  i have doubts about refugees finding work in countries like poland anyway , registered or not , and the benefits are going to be fairly low here . 
  their fellow countrymen that were lucky enough to be placed in richer countries will be much better off . 
  you think they 'll just sit idly that due to a draw they can barely afford food for their family , while cousin ahmed in germany buys another hd tv ? 
  if the refugees were to be content with refuge at poorer eu countries , then they would just apply for asylum in those countries ( the usual way ) , not all march towards berlin . 
  and i really do n't understand how people imagine forceful redistribution of the refugees from germany . 
  most wo n't want to go , most wo n't want to stay , and many will be unhappy with the measures we apply to keep them in place . 
  [ did n't you get the memo ? 
   ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/3ilxtk/czech_republic_or_czechia/ ), 
  they 'll have a huge problem either way . 
  i do n't understand how sending migrants based on quotas to czechia , poland or lithuania is any different then the migrants being present in hungary right now . 
  they can ship them anywhere they want in the eu , but they still will just get up and walk back to germany . 
  are the eu countries supposed to jail the refugees , keep them under guard ? 
  how do we plan to force them to stay where they were assigned ? 
   might as well go to a nice place now , where people do n't hate your guts because of the colour of your skin or the direction you pray in . 
  but the germans do n't want * all * of them either , hence the plan to redistribute them across eu countries ... 
  if all of the poor people go to the rich country , it wo n't be rich anymore . 
   you have the same rules everywhere ( in europe ) no , you do n't . 
  each country has its own laws , what are you talking about ? 
  exactly . 
  i do n't have a problem with redistributing the current war refugees across europe until the conflict settles down and most of them can safely return home . 
  but we ca n't accept all of the northern africa and middle east in europe . 
  any conflicts they have will travel with them ( because wars are between people , not just `` in country xyz '' - guess what happens if all syrians move somewhere else ? 
  ) , and it 's just unrealistic to support them . 
  it 's funny really . 
  germany can send even 100,000 refugees to poland . 
  they 'll just run back on the first chance they get . 
  what good are the quotas , if the refugees simply do n't ~ ~ rant ~ ~ want to be here ? 
  should we force them into guarded camps ? 
  shit , if i were to be a bum i 'd so much rather to be a bum in some nice croatian coastal town than in hungary or even germany . 
  is this some kind of contest on who has more muslims ? 
  i do n't really care if we have ten times more muslims in our society , as long as they integrate , are employable and can support themselves , so in other words act like regular citizens . 
  they can have blue skin for all i care . 
  only if the company does n't use an office for the employees as a starting and ending point . 
  so according to the ruling you would normally start work after arriving at the office . 
  but , if you do n't have any office and go directly to a client ( like a plumber ) then your work is counted from when you leave home , not from the time you arrive at the client location . 
  i think that 's reasonable . 
  if work responsibilities involve traveling to a client , then that travel is work and should be paid for . 
  sorry but it sounds like most of your experience with poles was drunk people in the middle of the night . 
  in such a lovely company it does n't matter if you 're german , you could just as well get beat up for your name not starting with the letter `` a '' . 
  damn , i would flee as well if i were to be meated . 
  i do n't know what problem the article had with blood-based dishes in general , they 're usually fairly good . 
  we have far worse stuff than blood soup , like tripe soup ( which is still tasty , but even if i like and eat it i find the idea of eating stomach lining somewhat disgusting ), 
  i do n't even know what `` anti-austerity '' is supposed to mean . 
  austerity is a reaction to an issue , a tool to solve a problem . 
  is it an effective tool for the greek economy ? 
  i have no idea , i 'm not an economist . 
  but being `` anti-austerity '' in principle sounds as stupid as forming an `` anti-hammer '' pan-european movement because hitting something with a hammer did n't solve a problem you had . 
   your gon na fight russia ? 
  i assume if your country were to be attacked you would be first to surrender and claim undying loyalty to new overlords ? 
  make a good search engine . 
  do n't make a shitty search engine . 
  i also do n't support military action , but i think merkel was very mild on the issue even from the economical standpoint . 
  sure , do n't listen to what poland 's right says on the issue because those fucks would gladly hop on a tank to moscow given any possibility , but i feel like germany could have been more strict towards russian politics . 
  i mean , what you 're saying seems to me like 0/1 thinking . 
  we do n't have to immediately nuke russia if we decide to have a harder stance on this . 
  eh , i just meant that merkel 's too soft on the issue . 
  referencing molotov-ribbentrop for this issue feels wrong , for one i do n't really see the connection ( apart from being connected to germany-russia relations ) . 
  secondly , i think recalling such hurtful events from history to compare to trivial politics is offensive towards people that suffered during wwii . 
  godwin 's fucking law . 
  that 's nice but i think pis is fucking mental . 
  also what references to ribbentrop-molotov ? 
  not saying he did . 
  talking about this in tallinn is just circlejerking . 
  maybe if german army would be in a better state and merkel was n't bent on appeasing putin at the expense of russia 's neighbors , then those neighbors would n't be so adamant on hosting american bases . 
  eh , i think it really depends on the environment . 
  i ca n't tell much for uk , but here in poland in some rural area someone will become a pariah for coming out and their family will seek help from an exorcist or something , but at the same time there are people in hipster circles in warsaw that will try to be as `` vege cross-fit gay feminist '' as humanly possible . 
  those people will consider being gay as trendy , on the same level as apparently being gluten-intolerant is a fashion statement . 
  yes , people self-diagnose serious gastrointestinal disorders to appear more interesting . 
  does n't mean that people with actual celiac disease have it easy . 
  sorry if you had bad experience yourself , but as far as i can tell some people will actually seek out gay people to hang out with to seem more worldly . 
  i used to hang out in artistic circles , being gay was glorified , like with the unorthodox sexual orientation you fight against the man and the system . 
   because kids do n't do that . 
  i mean , damn , even the article we 're commenting on suggests that they do . 
  the respondents of the poll said they `` might not be completely heterosexual '' , but at the same time they 're uninterested in any kind of homosexual relationship under any circumstances . 
  unless the uk youth population completely undermines any current statistical knowledge of prevalence of homosexuality in society , then some kids are just talking shit . 
  edit : also , you mention that it 's hard to be a young gay person . 
  i 'm sure it is , that shit is n't easy . 
  however , the kids i 'm talking about are not a `` young gay person '' , they 're just attention-seeking straight fucks . 
  honestly , i think they 're doing as much disservice to * actually * gay teens as those women who falsely report rape do to actual rape victims . 
  it 's hard enough , i doubt the added pressure that some people will doubt if they 're * really * gay makes it easier . 
  back up with what ? 
  that kids say the darndest things ? 
  i 'm not saying homosexuality is a `` phase '' , but i would consider a phase saying you 're xyz to seem more unique to your peers . 
  why are n't you offended if straight people treat gay as a fad , instead of being angry at me for suggesting that ? 
   i 'd say the surprise is n't that they 're unsure , is that they 're comfortable enough in their skin to not default to hetero . 
  i think we 're at a point where some teens would label themselves `` a tiny bit gay '' just to seem hip and trendy . 
  being a `` misunderstood minority '' is cool now . 
  [ outlander . 
  ] ( http://enklawanetwork.pl/images/pc/galeria/morrowind/screeny/duze/img65.jpg ), 
   spyswap is n't this stuff done under the table ? 
  my impression always was that spy swaps were hush-hush situations , where there are calls like `` you got our guy , we got your guy , nobody needs to hear more of this . '', 
  would they be willing to give him away after he had a `` trial '' and it was publicly announced he got convicted ? 
  seems like bad pr : `` oh no , he 's actually suddenly innocent , we can release him '' .
