  the more `` mean '' russia will appear at that point , the easier it will be for them to get their way . 
  you got downvoted , but you 're half-right . 
  `` fear of evil nazi '' is not alive in poland , at least nothing i ever encountered . 
  what i would view as being the most and least trustworthy is that the germans are viewed as really reliable - scrupulous and thorough , but at the same time not exactly dependable - germans are good at most stuff they do , but they do n't exactly have our back . 
  kind of like a friend that if he helps you with something he really does it well , but usually politely declines . 
  not really bothered , i just replied . 
  sorry if my posts sounded like it , was n't my intention . 
  your post suggested that the countries involved in the last iraq intervention should come back to help again . 
  my point was that while we did help intervene in iraq last time , i do n't feel like it is our responsibility to continue that support . 
  being absolutely honest , our biggest reason for joining was sucking up to usa , we have absolutely zero interests in that region . 
   did i ever say something about poland ? 
  let me see ...  britain , poland , denmark and a few other european countries were in the iraq war . 
  yes . 
  you did . 
  and what does a british history of colonialism have to do with me or my country ? 
  you might as well expect us to take part of the blame for black slavery , because we 're white as well . 
  i do n't remember a polish history of intervention in the area , thank you very much . 
  i think he will take it . 
  he 's probably not going to win the coming elections . 
  if pis wins it will be funny with the polish government being in opposition to the polish president of european council . 
  they 'll probably say something like `` he fled the country to not answer for his crimes '' or `` he screwed up , now he 's emigrating '' or something . 
  screw that , usa asked for help once , we 're not going to come running every time some shit goes down in the region . 
  this seems like a horrible relative that you do computer support for . 
  they 're going to call you every time after that , and blame every little thing that they break at `` you messing it up 10 years ago '' . 
   so basically non-nato = fucked ? 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  nobody 's going to go to war over ukraine . 
  * sigh * for ** once ** i wish we would n't have to go against both russia * and * germany . 
  that 's sort of my question regarding the missile shield . 
  there 's a lot of talk about usa building it , russia is outraged at usa rockets near its borders , yadda yadda . 
  why ca n't we build it ourselves ? 
  is it so expensive that it 's impossible for us to afford it ? 
  fair enough . 
  fun fact : polish law treats serving in a foreign military of a state which the person is not a legal citizen ( this includes `` states '' that are not recognized ) without either the defense or internal affairs ministerial approval as a crime punishable by prison from 3 months to 5 years . 
  i could see extending law such as this further for serving in armies that are recognized to be terrorist or guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity . 
  how does one `` direct '' a missile shield ? 
  i thought it just shoots down rockets over your territory , regardless of direction . 
  how much does it cost ? 
  why do n't we just build it ourselves ? 
  if the person is a `` clear and present danger to the country '' and the justice system does n't do anything about it , then it 's not `` imperfect '' , it 's broken . 
  if you feel that a fundamental pillar of a civilized , democratic country is broken , then fix it first instead of trying to go around it . 
  seriously , this is like saying a trial is such a hassle , we should start lynching rapists on the spot . 
  mindset like this creates places like guantanamo . 
  oh well , i did n't expect to have a retirement anyway . 
  there is an ongoing investigation , these things do n't happen overnight . 
  the media will get on it like crazy if some damning information is released at any point , but there is no news right now . 
   like to threaten with secession nah , they mostly storm the capital , throw some bricks and burn some tires . 
  then the government promises again that they 're not going to touch the pension privileges , and this mostly repeats every 5 years or so . 
  i think they actually made a law the allowed to reclaim the property that was stolen by the communist regime . 
  i mean , since the regime did n't have any possibility for being compensated for that , it had to be added in . 
  like i said , nothing exactly wrong with people reclaiming what was stolen from them . 
  it 's just a bit overdue by now , and it 's infuriating when it 's attempted on successful property that also often received a lot of public funding . 
  waiting for decades for someone else to fund some property before claiming ownership is simply a scam in my book . 
  nobody tries to get back run-down buildings and empty lots . 
  it 's a clusterfuck in some cases . 
  a recent `` problem '' are people `` coming back '' ( not physically , just their lawyers ) for the property that was taken from them after the war when communists nationalized property . 
  many of them got compensated at some point , but often the documentation has been lax , so it 's becoming increasingly difficult to come to a definite conclusion about a building 's status . 
  another problem is that communism fell 25 years ago and nobody cared about those buildings for all this time , but suddenly an army of lawyers show up once they get renovated . 
  i have no problem with people getting back what was theirs in a way , but i feel it 's unfair to punish people today for what a puppet regime did 50-60 years ago , and i 'm also of the opinion that if a building was thoroughly renovated in the last 10-15 years , then the reclaiming party should at least partially foot the bill for that , if they get the building back . 
  especially annoying because many of those people reclaim the buildings ( often renovated ) only to leave them empty and not willing to resell . 
   i never knew it was so hard to read slavic languages for latin language speakers . 
  i am absolutely helpless with any text in cyrillic . 
  i could probably understand some spoken russian or ukrainian , but i ca n't read any of it . 
  ha ha ha what, 
  as it 's customary in poland to eat fish at christmas eve , i can already predict what 's going to be in most of the dishes this year . 
   the trucks were never loaded with anything and just sent to bolster numbers , making for a better pr story and making the lives of ukrainian border guards more difficult that does n't make much sense , a bunch of bags of wheat or water or even blankets does n't cost much . 
  it would be a waste of money to drive empty trucks this far . 
  urgh , this is vexing . 
  either start a goddamn war with proper uniforms and tanks or fucking kiss and make up . 
  this `` is what we 're doing really aggression ? 
  are we even doing anything ? 
  i do n't think there are any forces per se '' shit is unnerving . 
  well , it would be illegal to openly shit for one , and if the statue is n't yours i 'd say you would also be fined for vandalism . 
  but you can shit on your own lenin statue at home all you want . 
  film it , make it into scat porn , profit . 
  40 % is really high for asking `` should we start killing people from a neighboring country '' . 
  that 's mind boggling to me , it 's as if almost every second person in poland started saying that we should kill some czech or something . 
  holy shit , that thing is still alive ? 
  and it has users ? 
  i think it depends on the time of day which way the opinion sways there . 
  on / r/europe probably a bit , true , but if it happens i think it gets more constructive . 
  / r/worldnews has more of the `` nazi nuland neo-cons massacring innocents !, 
  ! 1 '' kind . 
  you know , we can be critical towards kiev while condemning the russian side as well . 
  for one , i can view the ukrainian authorities as incompetent and the country being ridden with corruption , but at the same time be worried that russia would annex another country 's territory when given the slightest chance . 
  my guess ? 
  the proper spy services that have satellites in the area know exactly where it is , but it 's not something that 's announced to the public . 
  i 'll be honest - many poles often make fun of and are somewhat condescending towards countries to the east , and are envious of and look up to countries to the west . 
  i guess being on a east-west border while having a preferred side does that to you . 
  if asked about russians/kazakhs/romanians / ukrainians/belorussians/whatever they 'll probably say something like `` friendly , but lazy/stupid/poor '' . 
  on the other hand , when asked about germans or french , you 'll probably hear something like `` smart/rich , but unfriendly '' , 
  i honestly find it hard to believe that a russian convoy would be in any way stopped from entering ukraine if it truly wanted to do so . 
  why not ? 
  i 'd upvote that . 
   yes but i ca n't imagine they are too thrilled about the way yanukovich was removed either . 
  honestly , i do n't believe they care all that much . 
  yanukovich was a clown , that part i think everybody agreed on , even russia . 
  i was interested how the transition since 1989 affected the post-communist countries in this regard . 
  [ well , the polish golden age of course !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_golden_age ),
