  so i 'm not sure why any country would want to cut ties with a country of 3 million , to gain ties with an unrecognized breakaway republic of less than half a million . 
  or , to put it in simpler terms : pissing off moldova may ba a `` lol '' , but pissing off transnistria is a `` rofl lmao '' . 
  in poland you have to leave 1.5 meters of space on the sidewalk . 
  police sometimes check it with a tape measure . 
  municipial heating . 
  heating plant is powered by coal and some biofuels . 
  just as you described . 
  catholic , orthodox , evangelicals/protestants . 
  the small denominations in us are vastly unknown to the general population , and considered quite ridiculous for many that have heard of them . 
  considering that most of the country is catholic , it 's quite a foreign concept . 
  dude , that 's for children . 
  on st andrews day little girls may have a slumber party and do some fortune telling like you described . 
  lol what ? 
  is the pole you know a monk or something ? 
  like a regular house carpet you would put in your living room , or a bathroom carpet ? 
  never heard of either of these things , so either it 's slovakia , or you were in some really weird place in poland . 
  only salad where sugar is an actual ingredient that i can recall is lettuce with sour cream . 
  a bit of sugar is added to the cream . 
  i encountered one in a restaurant in venice . 
  stigmatized not really , no , i would n't say that . 
  but it does seriously limit your job prospects . 
  most office jobs require it even if you wo n't use it on a daily basis . 
  we had to decline some otherwise very good candidates , because they lied about their english on their resume . 
  very uncommon . 
  in new apartment buildings you can see an ac unit installed on maybe 1 in 100 apartments . 
  i do n't recall seeing an apartment building that has ac installed for all apartments as a standard utility . 
  i do n't recall seeing any on commie blocks . 
  it would be nice to have on very hot days and there have been times when i considered an indoor ac unit as i could n't sleep due to how hot it was , but then the 2-3 months of summer pass and you forget about it for the remainder of the year . 
  yeah , i feel like it could be an interesting sport to watch , but i never even heard of any actual matches taking place . 
  do we have some kind of league ? 
  there must be some kind of league . 
  edit : [ apparently we have an active national team ? 
  except for church-run institutions , i ca n't think of any way how i might classify a university politically . 
  universities teach sciences , which are apolitical , and as far as i can tell , political agitation on campus is frowned upon . 
  i 'm positive it will happen . 
  if there is some wind and your collar is too loose , you are sure to get pneumonia . 
  it 's common i guess , but i have a hard time comparing it to anything . 
  i mean , common compared to what ? 
  i assume someone living on costa brava is sunbathing more often than an eastern european . 
  or do you mean tanning on a tanning bed at a solarium ? 
  it 's not uncommon i think , but not like it used to be . 
  i think being super tanned odbyte as fashionable as it was some years ago . 
  actually it does n't seem slavs had much contact with anyone but the germanic tribes , so that would be the reason . 
  not a lot of people anywhere near to the east , north is the baltic sea , and contact was very limited with the roman empire . 
  consider also the contrast to the name they called themselves . 
  `` slavs '' stems from proto-slavic slov\u011bne , which means `` people of the word '' . 
  slavs basically had a distinction of their group as people who can speak , and the others , the mutes , who can not . 
  well , technically , i am also able to get the world 's best healthcare , with no waiting list , if i 'm willing to pay for it . 
  i mean , that best private clinic in the us will happily accept my money . 
  they 're not going to refuse me as a customer errr patient for being a citizen of a country with universal healthcare . 
  only problem is that i do n't have that kind of money , but neither do most americans . 
  in that case i disagree . 
  polish language is very specific how the spelling is pronounced . 
  if you want your name to sound differently , just change it so that it 's spelled as you want it pronounced . 
  edit : or , the other way around - you can want to pronounce your name however you want , but do n't expect strangers to pronounce it that way unless it 's spelled as it 's pronounced . 
  if your name is spelled `` kowalski '' , but you want to pronounced `` coco '' , then it 's unreasonable to demand everyone to know that ... or comply . 
  i have no idea , this is the first i hear of this . 
  his name is pronounced closer to the latter variant you provided ( but it should be coo-be-tza , no `` kyoo '' ) , i never heard anyone in poland even attempt to pronounce it differently . 
  welllll , it depends on the language . 
  in english it 's a free for all , you can be named `` bucket '' , but somehow insist it 's pronounced `` bouquet '' and most people will play along . 
  in polish there is no ambiguity , if you say your name is pronounced differently then it 's spelled , you will simply be asked why it 's not spelled the way you want it pronounced . 
  edit : of course nobody is stopping anyone from insisting that `` kowalski '' should pronounced with an english accent like `` cow-al-ski '' , but most people will just assume the requester is an idiot unless he 's actually an american with polish ancestry . 
  i do n't really give a shit anymore . 
  half of the media i consume is in english , as well as half of the communication at work . 
  to get more fluent i would need to get delegated for extended periods of time to either the uk or usa . 
  yeah , i never even realized this is a thing ... 
  i honestly thought you made a typo . 
  not sure how would that even work . 
   `` white separatists '' what does that even mean ? 
  nope . 
  he describes something else , shows that are fully scripted and fictional , but shown in a way as if they are a recording of a real court case or a hospital visit . 
  so you have the camera following a mauled lion tamer being admitted to the er , where the truth is revealed that he cheats in his wife . 
  of course all the characters will do interview segments where they explain their feelings and actions directly to the camera , i assume for the slowest part of the audience . 
  `` vehicle '' . 
  `` rarely '' . 
  in catholic church there 's a thing called one-sided marriage . 
  the non-christian side just does n't really do anything during the mass and has a different vow . 
  we 're a very homogenous nation , so everything out of the norm becomes interesting . 
  imagine how much attention a black person gets when he arrives to our country where many people never saw a black man outside of tv . 
  they do n't . 
  many old people are lonely and have very little to live for and no means to change that . 
  looking out the window is the last thing they have . 
  or they 're very gossipy . 
  how else would they know that the neighbor 's daughter got a new guy ? 
  to be honest in cities too , especially when sitting in windows , with a little pillow . 
  let me put it another way . 
  if you dye your hair a rare color that some people find ridiculous , then i assume the expectation is that you will stick out , so you either like it or at least accept it . 
  or to use an analogy : it 's a big `` look at me ! '', 
  sign you put on your head . 
  the fact that you wear it because you like its typography is irrelevant . 
  yeah , but i guess not that much . 
  i can see people in berlin thinking `` that 's odd '' and not much else , compared to outright staring and pointing fingers in rural poland . 
  your hair * will * stick out , outside of the most cosmopolitan cities . 
  but is n't that the point of having hair in a ridiculous color ? 
  it means something like `` sucker '' or `` loser '' . 
  wikitionary gives a definition of someone either very gullible , or someone that is very uptight . 
  for starters , we do n't have any analogues for the tv high-school groups , so it results in funny translations for words like nerd , jock , geek , cheerleader ( though this one simply does n't get translated ) . 
  the movie `` revenge of the nerds '' is `` zemsta frajer\u00f3w '' , so they kinda use `` losers '' instead of `` nerds '' . 
  everything everywhere is better when you have the money to pay for it . 
  i 'm fairly certain you could get the same quality of private care ( if not better ) if you paid a comparable amount to american prices .
