  they also had a thick silesian accent , they were hilarious . 
  what if i want the opposite ? 
  i 'd much prefer netflix uk than netflix poland ... actually not only when traveling . 
  as mentioned by / u/masculinum , this is a reference to the famous mural , that itself is a reference to a famous photo of leonid brezhnev and erich honecker . 
  the famous mural titled `` my god , help me to survive this deadly love '' held a message of the citizen being himself in danger due to the leaders ' friendship . 
  the obama-trump mural takes that message and modernizes it , showing current ( or potentially future in the case of trump ) leaders , as well as equating their relationship to that of mutual benefit , despite the hostile posturing of both countries . 
  so i guess the message can be summed up as `` no matter what the leaders do or say , the leaders are on the same side , and we 're getting fucked . '', 
  of course the gay implication adds humor . 
  well it does make sense , sorta . 
  i guess the reasoning is that if you say you 're another gender , the doctor says you 're another gender , but the birth certificate says otherwise , then someone had clearly fucked up . 
  and to invalidate such a document you have to contest it in court . 
  this also means that since the certificate was invalid , all the documents that came after that have to be replaced as well , as they are now invalid also . 
  so all the school diplomas , etc. 
  afaik you ca n't change your gender in poland * per se * . 
  you have to sue your parents that * they * made a mistake on the birth certificate when determining your sex at birth . 
  considering this i do n't think it would be possible for the state to require sterilization . 
   government has the mandate to rule and introduce reforms , as long as those reforms are within the boundaries of the law . 
  of course , that 's what i said . 
  but even within the law , if 40 % of the country ( which is not a majority ) have a `` strongly disagree '' opinion on those reforms , you 're going to get protests . 
  polish dubs are weird . 
  for the animated movies they are usually brilliant , often better than the original . 
  i have yet to see a decent live action movie dub , they 're universally shitty . 
  i like how the only discussion here is which number is the most accurate . 
  gov supporters ' only argument `` it 's not * the * biggest protest since ' 89 '' . 
  seriously though , i only see voices from both sides `` the nation supports this view !, 
  '' , `` no , all the poles support that view ! '' . 
  fact is that the public is divided on the issues present , and very polarized . 
  government has the mandate to rule and introduce reforms , but the responsible thing to do would be to compromise under these circumstances , to not only appease the supporters , but also the opponents to a degree . 
  i just wish that after those 25 years of democracy we could learn that winning elections does n't mean you can ignore those that did n't vote for you , but establish a dialogue . 
  i mean , i * hope * that we all just want the best for this country , even if we do n't all agree on what that means . 
  once both sides realize that , maybe we could work something out . 
   [ battle of vienna ( 1683 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vienna ) * austria * defeated the turks you say ? 
  so what you 're saying is that romanians like to stuff some thick , hot , juicy poles in their mouths from time to time ? 
  i voted for the guy that was presented as a candidate by the gov. 
  i have no idea what happened , he seemed sensible up until now . 
  this is so embarrassing . 
  our government 's idea of compromise is to agree with everything they say , so i would say yes . 
  there 's no unity if they disagree . 
  which means that the party with the most devout voters wins . 
  unless the church officially supports some other party pis will always get their 10-15 % . 
  those people will never vote for anything else , and they are sure to vote . 
  it 's becomes pretty obvious that `` cavemen '' did n't actually live in caves very often once you think about how scarce caves actually are . 
  and even if you find one , its location may not really be desirable to live in . 
  yeah i ca n't say i know anyone that is strictly `` pro-po '' . 
  yeah i realized today . 
  many words sound like ~ ~ miniscule ~ ~ diminutive versions of polish with a lisp . 
   also , how far is croat and serb from czech ? 
  after my visit to croatia , croatian sounded kinda like a less-funny version of czech , but also less understandable . 
  many shopkeepers and waiters knew some basic polish though , it was awesome . 
  i found communicating in polish was actually easier than english , if they spoke both badly . 
   i 'd say it 's not hillarious but actually pretty sad that people can not express their true opinion out of fear of social isolation . 
  is it ? 
  or maybe it 's sad that those people do n't reevaluate their opinions based on the fact that they 're too embarrassed to share them under their own name . 
  it 's comparably hilarious to how nationalist groups say they 're patriotic and want to do good and are definitely vilified by the media , but show up to all protests in fucking ski masks . 
  may i ask , why do you feel so strongly about calling the camps polish ? 
  i can understand indifference , you think it 's a non issue , fine - but you 're actually advocating here against the campaign . 
   and this `` supermajority '' is what exactly ? 
  60 % for ? 
  customary is 2/3rds in most countries . 
  is n't this common knowledge ? 
  i 'm still surprised after all this time that the referendum did n't require a supermajority in the first place . 
  if the concept of a referendum using a supermajority vote is so foreign to a british voter that it `` would bring total chaos '' , then perhaps membership in the eu is not uk 's biggest problem , but the state of its education system . 
   england is a collection of city states with armed robbers roaming the wilderness that lies between them . 
  he asked about the future . 
  that 's actually a very racist thing to say . 
  i have never hurt a person and find the idea of hurting someone baffling . 
  that does n't mean i 'm not aware of the existence of stupid , cruel people that do n't have any problem with hurting a complete stranger if they did n't like the way he looked their way . 
  are you kidding ? 
  nearly all high ranking solidarity members are fervent pis supporters . 
   and we do this to every single nationality wait , really ? 
  so if some american named george johnson moved to lithuania and gained citizenship , his papers would state his name as `` d\u017eord\u017eas d\u017eonsonas '' ? 
  because stuff like this is usually thought in primary school . 
   labour law is much worse than in most of europe what 's wrong with our labor law ? 
  that 's not exactly guaranteed . 
  you can live very long with a frail and weak body , only because you do n't get seriously ill . 
  some super fit people just get an aneurysm one day and just drop , meanwhile stephen hawking is 74 . 
  there 's a lot of factors . 
  assuming a lifetime of 150 years , an it carrier would likely mean 140 years in a chair . 
  yeah , what good is a 150 year lifespan , if i 'm going to be confined to a chair for 70-80 years of that , possibly with a great deal of suffering in a failing , tired body ? 
  not to mention who the hell will pay for my continued existence ? 
  at that point one could think death 's a release from the suffering and poverty . 
  good for her being well at her age , but i ca n't help but reflect on the fact that she 's been elderly for the past 50 years or so . 
  everybody wishes to have a long life , but if you live very long you also spend half of it just being very old . 
  medicine focuses on extending our lives , but maybe at this point there should be more focus on actually keeping us young for longer , not only not-dead . 
  so we ca n't squat for shit , because we do n't squat for shitting . 
  us poles ca n't squat for shit . 
  i ca n't imagine how that would be comfortable for an extended period of time , my legs hurt and i lose balance after a minute . 
  i really prefer to just sit down . 
  and germany at the time actually had a definite point in the past which could be considered great , compared to the situation it was in . 
   guy : `` k\u00f6r p\u00e5 !, 
  i have no idea what it means but sounds hilarious . 
   after that he always defended middle earth as a different world . 
  a different place . 
  what ? 
  tolkien himself places the areas of middle-earth at approximate locations corresponding to real-world ( or , present-day , considering that , according to the books , it presents a pre-history of our world ) places [ in his letters ] ( http://tolkiengateway.net/wiki/middle-earth#middle-earth_and_the_old_world ) . 
  ultimately middle-earth and arda as a whole are fictional realms and tolkien did not pay much attention to maintaining proper placement of locations and geographical features compared to europe , but it was inspired in general by the shape , location and climate of northwestern europe . 
  of course going beyond that and trying to force any other relationships between peoples and places is a stretch , but i would n't look for malicious intent either . 
  unless someone says something stupid like orcs grew to be some nationality or other . 
  actually , bu\u0142ka can mean `` sweet roll '' ( if it 's sweet ) or `` bun '' ( if it 's savory ) . 
  so that would be kebab in a bun , in other words a d\u00f6ner kebab in something resembling a pita .
