  in this analogy , home = country . 
  in that sense , the homeless , sick and poor are already * in * my home . 
  certainly i would not accept a homeless person into my home , nor sick or poor , unless under very special circumstances . 
  there 's a difference between helping others and allowing everyone to take advantage of you , same as between philanthropy and naivety . 
  well ...  every person holding the nationality of a member state shall be a citizen of the union . 
  this directly leads to the conclusion , that if they are citizens of a country that no longer is a member state , then they would also no longer hold citizenship of the union . 
  okay , worded it wrong . 
  there of course is eu citizenship , but you get it by being a citizen of a eu country . 
  you ca n't just get `` eu citizen '' as your only citizenship . 
  but there 's no such thing as `` eu citizenship '' . 
  you can be a citizen of an eu country . 
  i am not addressing your personal issues , but i am asking to relate personally to the issue at hand . 
  though i agree the poster above me was a bit more crude with the question . 
  ad hominem would be calling you names . 
  asking you about your personal feelings is simply a question . 
  and a pretty good one . 
  in your line of work , whatever it is , would you be willing to compete for customers or position with someone who is using a loophole to go around work regulations , for example working without insurance , or who 's dodging taxes ? 
  assuming that guy does your work more or less as well as you , he would be more affordable for your employer . 
  in that situation , would you simply say that indeed this person is more competitive than you and accept his tactics as well ( agree to work uninsured , dodge taxes ) or would you protest to your employer that this is illegal and you are treated unfairly ? 
  oh yes , definitely . 
  i 'm saying that there 's nothing strictly * illegal * about it , but it 's still shitty that companies take advantage of globalization to sell a product that is inferior to what the customers might expect . 
  i do n't think that applies . 
  the washing powder with the same composition as the german one was never sold in poland under that name . 
  according to law if they change the formula they have to mark it somehow ( obviously they will advertise it as `` new '' or `` special '' to make you think it 's better ) , but in this case it 's not necessary because it was not changed at any point . 
  how is it false advertisement ? 
  i do n't think they advertise the exact composition of the product , or that it is identical to a product sold under the same name in another country . 
  you 're right , if there was any serious competition this problem would solve itself . 
  sadly that is not the case and the inferior diluted products are still considered best on the market at their price point , trumped only by products imported from germany . 
  so one could say the producers are conforming to the free market and offering the best product that the market is willing to buy , even if it is not the best product they could sell at that price . 
  one man 's emigrant is another man 's immigrant . 
  the abortion is free if it 's to save the mother 's life . 
   thousends of people in poland organize to support ` white day ' in poland . 
  yeah , that 's not mentioned anywhere in the article , at least the `` thousends '' part . 
  that the protest is not supported by the conservative pro-government tv station ran by terlikowski ( or , as some call him , `` the overpope '' ) is n't really that surprising . 
  i am serious in explaining how ridiculous i view the extreme pro-life sligans , or rather how shallow they are . 
  going to an abortion clinic and killing every doctor there with defense of unborn children as justification would not only be morally wrong of course , but also batshit crazy . 
  however , not doing so stands in contradiction with the very serious accusation that it 's basically industrialized murder . 
   l 'd do the exact thing pro-lifers do , i 'd protest , not lynch them i guess we view protection of innocents differently . 
  i would not stand idly as someone commits murder . 
  i can not imagine sitting down at a table with a murderer and trying to work out a compromise . 
  murder is not something you extensively talk about and at the end of the day finish with `` i think we must agree to disagree '' . 
  i 'll be honest - despite what you say , i ca n't believe you would either . 
  sure , it might be interesting to talk philosophy with jack the ripper if you know you 're safe because you 're not his `` type '' , but no sane person would just agree to him looking at his watch , saying `` sorry , i have to leave , got 5 more people to kill today '' and going for the door . 
  you 're just going to let him go an a rampage ? 
  you 're just going to get mildly infuriated with the police and go shout at the city hall while he slits someone 's throat ? 
  you could 've stopped him , saved those 5 people and many more in days to come . 
  you say abortion is a complex topic . 
  * that 's exactly my point . 
  * of course it is . 
  that 's why i 'm saying simplifying it to `` abortion = murder '' and `` fetus = person '' does n't make sense . 
  because even people who say that are n't fully convinced of this . 
  and thank god , last thing we need are pro-life killers . 
  good point , why were n't they ? 
  seriously though , a politician whose policy caused an international military conflict is n't really a good analogy . 
  bush did n't kill anyone personally or directly and if he lives another day he 's not going to bite off a child 's had tomorrow . 
  and it 's not like you have any means to singlehandedly revolt against the government . 
  and i do n't mean to get into political debate , but maybe if one has at least a mild conviction that the iraq war was a war crime , then maybe he should at least try and vote in a candidate that promises to prosecute those responsible , which seems does n't really happen . 
  so yes , i would say many people that are vocal about the issue are full of shit at the end of the day . 
  but i digress . 
  let 's assume you meet an armed person that says tommorow he 's going to shoot up a school . 
  he shot one up today , and two last week . 
  you 're just going to sit and do nothing , or at best have a heated debate with him about gun laws ? 
  would n't that actually make you morally responsible for the murder yourself , as you had the possibility to stop him by force , yet you did nothing ? 
  or maybe you just do n't consider his crimes that big of a deal ? 
   if you believe that abortion is murder of a living being then most exceptions do n't make sense . 
  not unless you 'd be willing to kill a toddler in an equivalent situation . 
  and this is exactly why i am of the opinion that the pro-life crowd is full of bullshit . 
  if they really consider every abortion 100 % morally equivalent to a murder of a child , then there is something absolutely wrong with them . 
  would any sane person just sit around and debate on a law while they know that there are * hundreds * of murderers on the loose , weekly killing several people each ? 
  with a killer walking like it 's nothing in broad daylight without fear from police , any normal society would simply organize a good old lynch . 
  the fact that the pro-lifes do no such thing is proof to me that their stance is simply for show . 
  it 's a holier-than-thou attitude that they 're comfortable maintaining as long as it 's limited to heckling at people . 
   justify appointing themselves as the deciders that babies get to live , instead of mothers `` god 's will . '', 
  done . 
  they believe that if `` god wills '' then the woman will live . 
  if she dies due to complications it obviously means this was a divine plan . 
  to which i say : fuck them , they should be denied treatment at hospitals . 
  we 'll see what is god 's will then . 
  i believe by `` imaginary friends '' he meant god . 
  i assume this is only possible of you have a boiler ? 
  otherwise if you do n't drain it and do n't use any water ( during the night , for example ) then both the tap water and the radiators would simple get cold . 
  i guess you 'd also need some pump in your house/apartment . 
  so yeah , i assumed getting hot tap water from the municipal network . 
  it would be much more expensive to circulate hot tap water for the radiators in the house . 
  it would cost basically as much as opening all of the hot taps in your house , 24/7 . 
  the heating system is closed loop and the water does n't need to be purified to be drinkable , so it 's much , much cheaper . 
   stealing bread is also an asshole move ** if you are perfectly capable of earning money to buy that loaf . 
  ** this is what i said . 
  please do n't put words in my mouth . 
  please read my other posts carefully , i also did not say the thing you accuse me if in any of them . 
  and we are discussing a person that willingly chose to lead a vagrant lifestyle . 
  i 'm not sure how that is relevant . 
  well yes , but it 's still morally wrong if you do n't have anything to eat because you 've been slacking off . 
  as in : he 's had alternatives , but due to his actions his only solution is theft . 
  in the end he chose to steal instead of earning the money . 
  stealing bread is also an asshole move if you are perfectly capable of earning money to buy that loaf . 
  i would n't say he 's defending interests of russians , but indeed the interests of russia , and , uh , kinda making himself and russia the same thing . 
  like i said , amazingly brilliant for him and his consolidation of power . 
  well it does n't matter what you use it for , i 'm only taking about the specs . 
  i do n't really care that much about the processor personally , because if i use all of its power my battery is going to be dead in like 20 minutes , so what 's the point , but the fact remains that the iphone 7 had the best specs currently on the market .
