  debatable , but probably not . 
  they still committed many crimes however , enslaved and hurt a lot of people . 
  now the reason people do n't hate on germany that much anymore is because they accepted their faults , made amends , apologized and so on . 
  on the other hand , the often common stance of russia is that there 's nothing to apologize for , or the apologies issued are brief and insincere . 
  where the germans have shame for their deeds , for similar acts many russians carry pride . 
  also , wwii crimes for germany ended in 1945 . 
  meanwhile , the soviets occupied a large part of europe up until the 90 's . 
  sorry , i panicked . 
  i 'm , like , sorry , officer . 
  so what are some good traditional british dishes ? 
  last time i asked this on / r/food i was suggested to have tikka masala . 
  apart from english breakfast stuff i only know of beef wellington and fish and chips . 
  could n't they , like , send them over an email ? 
  the linked article is really shitty because it does n't explain the situation at all . 
  i 'm on my phone right now and do n't have other sources on hand , but in another thread someone linked a more detailed article . 
  as far as i remember no party was `` banned '' , only one mp was removed from the proceedings on that day because of some offense or something . 
  then the whole party got up and left in protest . 
  hey , at least it 's warmer here . 
  and if he somehow makes a norwegian wage in poland , he 'd be really well off . 
  citing wikipedia :  the term mediterranean derives from the latin word mediterraneus , meaning `` in the middle of earth '' now what sea is warm , is in the middle of land * and * has a significant russian coast ? 
  the divide between western and eastern european cultures has more to do with the divide between western roman catholic church and eastern orthodox church influences . 
  central european countries shared the catholic faith with western europe , as opposed to eastern european countries , and thus shared more with the western than eastern culture . 
  the distinction of central europe comes from that fact - countries that are geographically `` east '' ( but honestly , look at the map , it 's the center ) but culturally belong to the west . 
  it would n't be correct to lump this region with west though , because through its location it created a distinct mix of western and eastern due to the collision of those cultures . 
  plus , yes , we do n't like being lumped with russia into one entity ( ideas like pan-slavism and all that ) because then they historically get all `` ho ho you 're practically one entity with us , let us roll over the cavalry to make sure you 're safe '' , so we also like to talk about the ex-commonwealth lands as central europe . 
  more on central europe : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe, 
  i 'm actually wondering if 2.138 billion euros is surprisingly a lot of money for a country 's - worth of a fruit 's yearly production , or if it 's surprisingly cheap . 
  that 's about 0.5 billion less than bill gates ' yearly salary . 
  unless putin moves the border ... 
  i liked that clip , but i still do n't think it should cost 500k . 
  6,5 million was for emission fees , which is ridiculous that the public national tv would charge for showing a public announcement . 
  beam it to the orbit !, 
  i have n't worked out what to do next though . 
  hey , maybe it would be slow and it take a decade or two ... or more . 
  but it 's the thought that counts , 
   as someone who advocates a federal european super state in the uk ?!, 
  this ca n't be easy for you ... 
  federalization would mean that ukraine goes back into russian sphere of influence . 
  a federalized ukraine would n't be able to make any moves towards eu membership with a few of its oblasts disagreeing with that . 
  then they keep being the weak proxy state that 's trying to play the game in both teams , or join russia in putin 's little union . 
  either way , great for russia . 
  a chance yes , but would probably hide all of his stolen assets before leaving office . 
  but oh well , the elections were already decided on ( on terms * very * favorable to yanukovich ) , seems he had other reasons to flee the country . 
  yes , well , i think he would have come out of it with a better deal anyway . 
  he would have been `` the guy who did n't get reelected '' instead of `` the guy that fled because he was thought to be a corrupt fuck at best and a traitor and killer at worst '' . 
  seriously , this was what the maidan protesters even started with , months ago . 
  if yanukovich just resigned from the start and announced elections himself maybe he would even get reelected . 
   i really despise discussions like this where the sovereignty and democratic will of eastern europeans is ignored and any consideration of their fate is reduced to a tug of war between east and west this also applies to nato alliances . 
  pro-russia posters ( or putin , in his speeches ) will tell how nato `` creeps up '' on russia , or `` swallows up '' countries . 
  because nato expansion is literally a us invasion on the poor sods who have no other choice but to submit . 
  i 'm sure it has nothing to do with a big autocratic nuclear power in the vicinity that has a tradition of strong-handing its neighbors , while talking how it regrets that a few of those countries are now independent . 
  surely it 's not the will of the people to seek safety in a powerful alliance . 
  i 'm not saying it 's easy , but if we closed every industry and institution in poland because of corruption we 'd probably live in caves by now , 
  if so , a logical course of action would be to do a crackdown on corruption , and not nuclear power . 
  as someone who just got home from the pub : i think so ? 
  there are a few restaurants , but it 's hard to find something authentic and it 's expensive . 
   put down put in , actually . 
  `` medical representative '' in poland . 
  i 'm sure they think we 're retarded that we do n't derail every discussion into a po-pis conflict . 
  ... yes , i even said so in my post . 
  radicalism is a civil right as well , i 'm not sure what exactly is your point . 
  there 's nothing wrong with saying that someone has radical views . 
  you say like its a bad word . 
  a radical is someone who favors extreme political reforms . 
  maidan protesters are radicals . 
  pro-russian protesters or separatists are radicals . 
  non-radicals are people that stay at home or go to work and maybe have an opinion , but otherwise are pretty ` meh ' about the whole thing . 
  yeah , but `` supporting '' does n't really equal `` joining '' . 
  also many people might say they want the us to attack something , or russia to fight someone , or ukraine to start shooting , but may have a different opinion when you hand them a gun and say `` okay , you go '' . 
  well they built a tank . 
  maybe it was a proof of concept - they would disassemble it , and then assemble it again wherever needed . 
  a pocket tank . 
  if only someone invested in eastern poland ... 
   but kiselev says in sweden , there has been a `` sharp rise in child abortions , early sex is the norm - from the age of nine , and it is not surprising that child impotence starts at 12 . 
  there you have european values in all their glory . '', 
  i 've been wondering - does the average russian actually think of europe as this oversexed , homoerotic , immoral cesspool ? 
  i know stuff like this is sensationalized propaganda , but sometimes it seems we 're mostly portrayed as deviants , devoid of any traditional values , just waiting to break apart the moral , happy russian family . 
  i did n't know we can afford stuff like this . 
  well then , imagine that there are actually job ads that specifically ask for * only * disabled applicants . 
  they 're not even shy about it , the ad lists a `` disability certificate '' next to expected education in the requirements . 
  well of course not , and that 's because the forced part was n't done right as well . 
  haha , in high school we had to do a 1 km run to pass the class . 
  at no point previously did we run for such a distance , and our `` training '' consisted of running for maybe 300 meters two or three times . 
  i almost puked , had a time of over 6 minutes , but i somehow made it . 
  i wish i was thought * something * about running at school . 
  only years later i discovered it can be kinda fun , because school only made me hate any form of exercise . 
  at least you guys have some success with just throwing a football for the kids to play with , 
  it sounded better in my head that they were so outraged that they refused to live on the same side of the planet as belgium . 
  hey , i did n't say it 's the single cause for longevity worldwide ... 
  actually , i heard it 's the lifestyle . 
  you guys are chill as fuck . 
  less stress = better health . 
  i partly blame pe in schools . 
  it 's still so goddamn backwards . 
  it was pretty much the same when my parents went to school , it was the same for me , and from what i heard , it 's still kinda the same for children today . 
  it 's supposed to provide physical activity and introduce young people to various sports . 
  instead , it consists of the whole class playing football with no supervision ( which , as usual in such cases , ends up with kids that are bad with football being marginalized by other kids , since they mess up the game ) , and useless tests for things like 100m running or jumping a pommel horse with very little prior practice , which directly affect your school grade . 
  this pretty much favors only kids that are already interested in sports , and tries hard to ignore every one else . 
  how are kids supposed to learn anything from that , and how are they supposed to carry on any good habits into their adult life ? 
  it 's slowly changing and some schools introduce other , more diverse activities with actually competent trainers , but this will take decades to fix .
