  seriously , what is up with hoodlums across the world and tracksuits ? 
  i wish there was some sort of chav/gopnik/dresiarz ama where we could ask this . 
  `` they did n't get it right '' is an acceptable excuse when someone wants to run a pizza place but somehow fucks up and has to close it down . 
  there is no goddamn excuse for trying to apply a utopian system that has to be forced on the society by killing thousands and persecuting even more . 
  `` oops , maybe next time we get it right '' ? 
  fuck those guys . 
  nobody is saying * all * of the documents are in russian or polish . 
  you 're saying you need to learn these languages to read historical documents , which can be found in both polish and russian . 
  he 's saying the city has a russian and polish history . 
  you 're both saying the same thing . 
  sure , but it helps having a plan that can succeed . 
  the photos do n't gave to be real either . 
  why start with the bow if he killed it with a rifle in the end ? 
  would make more sense to wrestle the lion to death or something , and give it more of a fighting chance . 
  it 's satirical in the sense that it takes real news and attaches satirical drawings and comments to them . 
  i did not mean to imply that the news itself are satirical , like the onion or aszdziennik.pl what i 'm trying to say is that the paper is not * seriously * saying that immigrants will fuck/rape all our women and burn churches , though i 'm sure there are some far-right publications that suggest exactly that . 
  it 's a satirical magazine . 
  i live and work in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . 
  my job requires me to sometimes make trips abroad , it would be so great if i did n't have to haul ass to and from warsaw for most of the trips . 
  sitting on the damn train after a 20-hour flight , trying not to fall asleep , literally the worst part of the whole journey . 
  yup , we just call you holland . 
  ok , i have completely missed the point . 
  this is silly . 
  there is nothing to confirm if the map is accurate in any way , and it seems the point someone is trying to make is comparing how there are so many refugee homes in germany , when nobody bothered ( or deliberately did n't want ) to enter data from other countries . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that this is complete nonsense . 
  and greece can go bankrupt . 
  drawback is that nobody will lend them a single cent in any foreseeable future under agreeable terms . 
  i have no idea on what you base your opinion . 
  if this is what you experienced or have been told after meeting some poles , then you must have met some very , very sad people . 
  and in other countries far-right are only the poor and uneducated ? 
  of course it goes around \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . 
  surely there is no reason to have a stop at the third largest city and follow the most popular train line in the country . 
  i even voted for him a few times , exactly for that reason . 
  that was for the national parliament however . 
  once he got sent abroad that shit 's embarrassing . 
  actually , most of them get their salary in pounds sterling . 
   that people do n't like to pay for politicians and bankers mistakes . 
  by that logic the people should n't also * benefit * from politicians ' good decisions . 
  effectively making the government a complete fiction . 
  wait , australian ? 
  are australians that common in croatia ? 
   they ask when 's the best time to go on the mountain and you tell them in the morning , before the sun rises high . 
  they 'll go there at the noon . 
  that definitely sounds like a typical polish mountain tourist . 
  a : `` hey , how long does that route take ? '', 
  b : `` 7 hours , but it 's already like 3pm , you wo n't be able to return before dark , you 're wearing flip-flops , the weather seems to be worsening , and the path is kind of dangerous . '', 
  a : `` yeah , okay , thanks . '', 
  * goes onto the said path *, 
  can we calm the fuck down ? 
  nearly all online stores use one of the popular polish online payment systems , which apart from wire transfers from popular banks allows for payment with card , or other methods such as paypal . 
  payment should n't be an issue . 
  i agree we should help italy with the problem , but refugees are not goods that can be easily distributed . 
  i can imagine them trying to flee poland or some other less wealthy eu country they they get put in forcefully . 
  many of those people are trying to reach germany or uk , not sit around in eastern europe , with no prospect for employment . 
  that 's it ? 
  damn , talk about cucumber season ... 
  i 'm on vacation , ca n't follow the news very often . 
  can someone do a tldr of the whole issue ? 
  i read that the investigation documentation was leaked , but nowhere is it explained why exactly is this such a big deal . 
  are there any new tape leaks ? 
  for so many ministers to get sacked i suppose a lot more dirt had to be found on people than the recordings previously showed . 
  well i hate the traffic laws regarding some pedestrian crossings . 
  more often then not i have to wait like an idiot on a completely empty street ... and do n't even start on the lights for the crossings for the tram tracks . 
  no tram in sight , red light . 
  the jaywalking law would be ok if not for the oh so many badly designed intersections and mis-programmed lights . 
  since the value for poland is actually higher than france , and i 'm nearly sure as hell france is a more popular tourist destination than poland , i 'm inclined to believe that other branches of france 's economy are so well developed , as far as overall gdp goes , that the profits from tourism become so much smaller , compared to the rest . 
   even in lt people with a polish nationality are always christian i read somewhere that poles abroad are often `` more polish '' than poles in poland . 
  supposedly they get so ultra-nationalist and ultra-catholic , that they would have a hard to connecting with regular , statistical poles , whom would consider such a person a complete extremist . 
   prepare offspring for hard work and we all know work makes you free !, 
  whoops . 
  `` father '' seems like such a harsh word . 
  actually , of all the people i met , germans seem to be the most non-nazi . 
  if there is some nazi in some closet , then it must be a really small and deeply hidden closet indeed . 
  most germans i met just seem so ... mellow , for a lack of a better word . 
  like a country of calm dads . 
  i 'm sure you can read up on that on wikipedia , if you need . 
  it mentions accounts of ak 's occasional cooperation with both nazis and soviets . 
  i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make though . 
   soviet helpers for the atrocities you mean ? 
  yes , my point that empire or not , it was kinda big . 
  well it was fucking big at least . 
  eh , depends what you call it . 
  i consider that simply personal views ( in general ) . 
  a program is something that a candidate intends to achieve - a presidential candidate can not really achieve anything other than vetoing bills he does n't like passed from sejm . 
  so yes , you need to know what the candidate is about , but when one says that they will `` rewrite the law '' or `` lower taxes '' like miss og\u00f3rek , then that is simply bullshit . 
  this is a presidential election , it 's not like they need a program . 
  actually , the candidates advertising a program akin to a political party are the ones selling bullshit , in my opinion . 
   is there a lingua franca for intra-european travel ? 
  yes , english . 
  i 'm actually unsure what you 're trying to ask . 
  if your question is `` how do you talk with foreigners ? '', 
  then the answer is that you simply find some language that you both speak . 
  not sure what else you 'd expect . 
  have you never traveled internationally ? 
   people voted for kukiz and the rest because they are tired of po and komorowski . 
  seeking for a change , even if it 's duda i voted for kukiz `` seeking for a change '' , but i 'm sure as hell not voting for duda . 
   people have been attacking france the entire day now and i missed it ?!, 
  damn . 
  seriously though , i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i was joking , but it seems i have struck a very sensitive nerve instead .
