  next monday then ? 
  you know , i think this is simply petty . 
  i 'm not too happy about recent russian politics either , but trying so hard to point out every embarrassing tidbit about a tank prototype even during a rehearsal sounds like some childish propaganda . 
  i suppose they do n't mind if these works are censored and otherwise directed by the state , but outright banning them is somewhat pushing it ? 
  i suppose most commoners did n't travel much in must countries in the past centuries . 
  why does n't lithuania send their own warship to help oversee the construction ? 
  and select few at that . 
  a bidet is considered something that you put in your bathroom once you decide it 's too big and you 've already equipped it with all that already is needed . 
  now that i think about it , i have n't even seen that many bidets in stores . 
  it 's not like russia can pull a `` vengeful employer '' and fire all employees that join a union because employees are replaceable . 
  countries that buy gas are not easily replaceable for russia . 
  can someone explain to me why do the british find the falklands so important ? 
  it 's half the world away . 
  yes , and this is why some countries try to disconnect one from the other . 
  `` victory day '' celebrated in the capital of your 50-year occupant on the anniversary of the day they conquered you might leave a bad taste for some . 
  you have to realize that their victory was not a victory for everyone . 
  the problem however is not the fact of nazis being defeated , but the time and place of the current celebrations . 
  usual russian talk and the flexible meaning of the phrase `` near the border '' . 
  russian troops are simply stationing in their garrisons , they 're certainly not near the border , there 's still like 50m to the border . 
  if we 're talking about nato troops , they 're considered `` amassed on russia 's border '' if they get in the vicinity of about 1500km of the border . 
  full hd movie post-processing :p, 
   satellite dish on every window i 've always wondered about this . 
  ca n't all the apartments use the signal from * one * dish , installed on the roof or something ? 
  even if each operator had their own dish , that 's like 5 antennas on the roof compared to 40 near every window . 
   you know what other stuff is totally useless ? 
  car insurance . 
  just money out the window . 
  until you crash ... yeah , but at the same time you do n't spend 20x as much on car insurance `` just in case '' you maybe would like to deliberately crash into other cars on the road . 
  i disagree with the sentiment that `` nobody is going to attack a nato member '' , because if we all just cut spending then nato will become just a name . 
  at the same time , we need enough to defend ourselves with the assumption that we mostly need to hold off until reinforcements arrive , but we certainly do n't need to `` project power '' . 
  as comrade gomu\u0142ka said during his famous speech : `` we stood on the edge of an abyss , but we have made a great step forward ! '', 
   it 's not an ` airport ' if it demolished to the ground . 
  the important part is always the landing strip anyway , the terminals are n't very strategically important . 
  it 's probably covered in ballistic craters at this point anyway though . 
  i suppose that is up to individual countries ' asylum laws . 
  this is for domestic consumption . 
  for external relations their stance will always be `` we spit on your puny sanctions , they do nothing ! '' . 
  since this was a report on the state of the government to the duma , of course they 're not going to say that it 's their fault . 
  the government is doing great , it 's the attack from the west that is causing economic problems !, 
  in * this * context it 's just convenient to blame the problems on external influence . 
  if they do cause trouble , just give them the good ol' smacking with batons , arrest them and later deport . 
  i think as civilized countries we do have the capabilities to handle some petty vandalism . 
  oh for fuck sake , just let them pass . 
  i would n't call it a provocation , but if it was , it would be a really successful one , because we created so much drama about it that they got more publicly then they could ever ask for ( and let 's not pretend this is about anything else other than publicity ) . 
  let them pass , pay no attention , just increase police patrols to make sure it 's peaceful . 
  i do n't give a shit , as long as they do n't stay for 50 years . 
   the whole point of exam results in reality is proving how hard you can work to learn a curriculum . 
  so it 's bad that they 're self-thought ? 
  by that criteria you should do an exam at the beginning of the semester to weed out people that are too good at the subject already . 
  and if the curriculum is too easy for the students , then maybe an advanced-level group should be formed . 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  we have a similar law in poland . 
  it would be interesting to see per capita numbers as well . 
  guns make sense in most of america , considering the geography and whatnot . 
  a lot of places there can be easily called `` middle of nowhere '' , and living in a remote area i 'd prefer to be armed too , just in case . 
  does n't work as well in densely populated areas ( as us statistics show ) , and europe is mostly densely populated , compared to america . 
  respect for public property , being aware of the common good , or a sense of community . 
  it 's slowly changing for the better , but we 're still miles behind . 
  the other day i saw a thread on / r/nostupidquestions / where op wondered what is the proper etiquette of cleaning up after a dog with diarrhea . 
  i ca n't even imagine how abstract such a question must be to a polish dog owner , as maybe 10 % of them clean up anything at all . 
  it 's also interesting how administration of my parents ' apartment building gave up trying to invest in nice shrubbery on the surrounding lawns , as every plant of even the slightest value was dug out and stolen . 
  i ca n't wait until we de-assholize our society . 
  salted peanuts , chips , [ paluszki ] ( http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c5%82one_paluszki ) , pretzels , popcorn , nachos . 
  every thread about either nato arming itself , or a nato country making some other improvements to its army are met with the same comments : why , you 're in nato . 
  being in nato is a deterrent only if the nato countries are capable and willing to defend . 
  if we all just sit on our asses and pat each other on the back `` hey , no worries , we 're in nato '' , soon we 're going to find that the alliance is worth less than the paper it is signed on . 
  no , the government did n't fall . 
  prime minister was appointed president of the european council , appointed his own successor from his own party and resigned . 
  hardly connected to the tape scandal , which was noted to only barely affect popularity ratings among the public . 
  we can take it if you do n't need it . 
  eh , who needs context when we can have a nice clickbait title . 
   those that dont like eu will hate this video because eu symbol at the end . 
  well , whether they like it or not , poland * is * in the eu . 
  it would be silly to hide this fact in a video that is meant to summarize polish history . 
  hey , mythbusters have checked that a frozen duck hitting the airplane window can be quite deadly . 
  now imagine what a horse could do . 
  maybe he can start a cooking show with gordon ramsay . 
  true , but it 's something . 
  it does n't cover everything , as well as not making up for any future contracts that might have been lost , but in the case of conscription you can file for reimbursement for lost revenue . 
  holy hell , seriously ? 
  damn , no wonder half of poland moved to you guys , we do n't allow such shit at home . 
  `` we like what someone else has , let 's take it by force . '', 
  - it 's nice that their mothers raised them right . 
  the images depict putin punching and kicking nearly every major politician of neighboring countries . 
  i ca n't even imagine such paranoia , that you perceive everyone ( except a select few ) an enemy . 
   the big countries still had stocks , but they were either reducing them or the very idea of putting them to use was ridiculous and far off . 
  yes , but every state possessing nuclear weapons would intend to use them `` if necessary '' . 
  that 's kind of the point of having said weapons . 
  if you 're not willing to use them even `` if necessary '' , you might as well get rid of them altogether . 
  the bigger problem is the threshold . 
  sane countries would probably use them as a last resort , and not against another state with nuclear weapons - with mad nobody wins . 
  insane countries might use them because a neighbor does n't want to sign up for a trade agreement of your choosing . 
  does n't matter . 
  russia could give the rebels fully manned aircraft carriers . 
  russia would say it did not , the rebels just found/bought these . 
  people that already buy the kremlin line on that would continue to believe anything that putin/lavrov say . 
  [ well of course it is , separatism is a heavy crime under russian law . 
  ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/putin-extremism-internet-law-bill-rights-separatism-ukraine/25466010.html ), 
  that 's my secret ... 
  i 'm always hungry .
