abso-fucking-lutly nothing . 
  everything is awesome about herrings in jelly . 
  haha , we 're leading in something !, 
  we did n't invest in those on purpose , we knew they are going away soon . 
  there is no `` coming back '' from russia . 
  separatism is a very serious criminal offence in the russian federation . 
  and russia does n't fuck around with fighting any rebel groups like ukraine does , nor would it allow those groups to get any outside help ( not that they would get any ) . 
  to be honest , i do n't think the people in those regions have much of a say in the matter . 
  not a lot now , certainly even less in russia . 
  in polish it 's `` parter '' from french `` parterre '' , which probably means `` at ground '' or something . 
  right , which would be spun into `` bloodthristy ukrainian nazi shoots innocent russian actor wearing press helmet '' . 
  yeah , poland does . 
  we do n't have one only for war crimes and crimes against humanity . 
  well , that * does * depend on the country you consider and the statute of limitations murder has according to the local law . 
  just sayin ' . 
  shit , i was looking at the last columns , which are for women . 
  who the hell puts the total value first ? 
  my bad then . 
  ~ ~ yeah , looking at the numbers from eurostat that you linked , it seems the last time poland had an expectancy of < 77 was in the friggin 1980 , while this map shows it as 2011 , while citing eurostat also . 
  unless they used some other metric , this map seems to be plain wrong . ~ ~ i ca n't read . 
  so what are the causes for the shorter life expectancy that we have ? 
  is it the diet , or the healthcare quality ? 
  i do n't think germany has that much better diet than poland , and i do n't think southern italy or greece has that much better healthcare . 
  what can i do , personally , to improve those numbers ? 
  just the usual `` eat veggies , exercise , go to sleep early , do your regular checkups '' routine ? 
  as far as i heard , espionage stuff is usually done under the table by services . 
  if the spies are revealed to the public , it means there is a reason behind it . 
  people long for a lot of stuff they only heard about . 
  wealth , fame . 
  theoretical economic and political systems , and other utopias . 
  i would n't blame windows phone . 
  both the os and nokia 's hardware are really good , and i recommend them to friends and family ( myself being an iphone user ) . 
  the problem was timing . 
  mobile systems rely heavily on their app ecosystems . 
  with the userbase already saturated with android and apple devices , it was hard to make a dent . 
  considering that the footnote mentions the third partition of poland for lithuania , it seems to suggest that the data for poland takes into account only the time when the polish state actually existed ( until 1795 and from 1918 ) . 
  yeah , all the jesus statues are working at peak efficiency , we 're good for now . 
  yes , we 've seen frozen . 
   sounds like spain in the nineties . 
  now the factories are closing down and moving east . 
  that 's true . 
  the companies need to take advantage of the current situation , but plan for the future - gather capital thanks to the cheap labor , but slowly transition to providing quality services and skilled workers . 
  well , i might 've worded it wrong . 
  i do n't mean counting * only * on ourselves , since alone we do n't stand a chance against large regional powers like russia , but rather getting ready for the worst . 
  we should n't just sit on our hands , because either `` nobody sane is going to attack a nato state '' or `` america will swoop in and save us '' . 
  nato response may not be immediate , and we need to be able to hold off an attack . 
  more or less i think we should simply as much self-sufficient as much as possible . 
  `` sucking us dick '' ( as sikorski aptly put it ) can only get us so far . 
   apart from , you know , declaring war on germany when we were n't ready to fight because we were had promised to defend poland ... 
  i do n't really want to get into a historical debate ... but notice that poland did n't win the war , and was effectively conquered for the next 50 years . 
  i feel confident with poland being a member of nato , but history thought us to first count on ourselves . 
  the word itself is n't offensive , it 's only as offensive as someone is trying to make it . 
  it 's kinda like calling an american a `` yank '' , or using `` polaczek '' in polish . 
  not very offensive , but certainly not meant to sound nice either . 
  you know , i may not be very knowledgeable in russian politics , but this has always been my understanding of the russian opposition . 
  i never exactly thought that the charges brought time and time again against the opposition leaders were fabricated , but merely brought up at convenient times . 
  it seems you ca n't get very far as an independent politician without some criminal backing , but then those people are easy to control once they start getting too far . 
  i wonder how would russia look today if for the last years there existed a truly partisan system with a realistic choice . 
  no matter how competent putin is perceived by russians , a politician overspending his time on his post can never be a good thing . 
  we should bring latvia . 
  maybe it should be a task for the browser instead of the website ? 
  every time you enter a site the browser show a number of cookies that are saved and what they do ( possibly by making it standard for the cookies to have a clear description of what they are ) . 
  i think chrome already does this , to an extent . 
  i mean , it 's the browser that informs the user that he 's on ssl for his safety . 
  it 's strange to delegate such responsibilities to websites . 
  and how does that help privacy ? 
  nearly nobody reads the messages in the popups . 
  there is no choice in the matter , apart from closing the site . 
  and the sites that are truly malicious in their data collection either wo n't bother with the popup , or will display it but do their thing anyway . 
  it 's as bad as the way the vista implemented user account control , namely a warning that you get spammed so absurdly much that it gets completely ignored , or turned off ( reducing security even further ) . 
  it 's an honest question - how do you feel this has helped protect * your * privacy ? 
  i do n't trust the message from the website anyway , i have browser extensions set up that take care of controlling what cookies get saved . 
  and how do the popups help privacy ? 
  i did n't even know we had any . 
  i do n't know what exactly goes into the price , but you 're right , vat is 23 % and looking at an article from 2011 , the government `` has no plans '' changing that . 
  at 94k zlotys it may be more within reach of an upper-middle class pole . 
  so indeed it does seem some incentives would help . 
  i forgot how much shit is taxed , and i 'm sad now . 
   nissan leaf cheapest new nissan leaf in poland costs 126000 zlotys ( about $ 38k ) . 
  that 's almost 4x the average annual net income in poland . 
  at this price range many would consider it a luxury car . 
  i would n't need any incentives , if only i could get a full electric car without getting in debt for the rest of my life , and if there were charging stations available . 
   kudrin does n't really mind putin though , in all his years of criticism he never directly criticized putin . 
  which probably means he is n't stupid . 
  [ scottish pandemic precautions ] ( http://www.empireonline.com/images/uploaded/2046472-367fff8e.jpg ) ? 
  you guys are stereotyped for not crossing on the red light ? 
  i mean , we do n't do that either , mostly because every time we try to do it there 's a policeman hidden right behind a lamppost , and they have no mercy for such a serious offense . 
  if we want to get paranoid , you 've also mentioned on a public forum just now that you do n't want to have your possessions looked through because of a petition . 
  what are you hiding , citizen ? 
  remember to blame america for how badly the modernization was performed . 
  also you 're did n't mention how great it was before the modernization . 
  yeah , i do n't really know what 's up with that wrinkled thing . 
  it 's a bit sad , i found him to be one of the few ministers that were fairly competent . 
  yeah , sorry about the roma/gypsy thing . 
  i do n't really know much about the source of the confusion . 
  some articles i read seem to suggest it 's because of the similar names for roma and romanian ( right now i 'm reading an article from 2010 about some romanian politicians wanting to force the roma to call themselves gypsy to avoid mistakes ) , coupled with an influx of roma from romania in the 90 's . 
  i guess if all the romanians some people ever met called themselves roma , it just stuck as a synonym . 
  holy shit , it 's scary how accurate this is ( at least for poland ? 
   our public tv wants to increase their income by taxing businesses whether they own a tv/radio or not . 
  it 's amazing how a tv station can air commercials , tax households , get public subsidies , plan to tax every business , and * still * not have anything interesting on .
