  the latest actions of poland are not targeted towards monuments on graveyards . 
  those are protected and are not going anywhere . 
  the action is taken in regard to monuments that commemorate the red army in some random places , that do not indicate any form of burial or remains , only marking the presence of the red army in an area . 
  please do remember that the red army is viewed as an invading force . 
  i 'm not sure how russia would feel about monuments that marked where an ss division stationed on russian territory , or something similar . 
  i blame the opposition too . 
  i hate pis , but i vomit a bit in my mouth any time i see schetyna , and other parties are crazy corrupt bastards too . 
  i had high hopes for nowoczesna , but they keep digging themselves a hole while not even being in power . 
  i 'm aware of that , but i do n't think `` objective truth '' would be the aim of propaganda posters . 
  i dunno , ask the german propagandists , 
  i think it 's more to be understood like : brits gave false promises of security to poles , poland was defiant to german demands because it ( falsely ) believed in british support , germany attacked , poles fought instead of surrendering because it ( falsely ) believed in british support , poland got destroyed . 
  basically it 's `` look what the british made us do '' . 
  for the citizens on both sides , or the politicians on both sides ? 
  or perhaps the lobbyists ? 
  it was n't so very clear with acta , sopa , pipa , ttip , etc. 
  sure , i just mean that this development does n't change much . 
  the proverbial carrot is there the same as it was ( even if it was realistically unattainable , as you say ) , it 's just symbolic of turkey being even further from european ideals . 
  the carrot is always there . 
  it just got farther . 
  the talks are suspended . 
  they may get resumed , once turkey stops acting crazy . 
  soooo we 're happy that something happened , but we 're not entirely sure what . 
  i am very sad about this visit . 
  sad !, 
  i thought it would be uuuuge , if trump did one of his power-handshakes on duda , rip his arm off or something , but they had a ^ ^ relatively normal one :(, 
  if we could deport them this easily outside of the eu , we should be doing that already as they arrive illegally . 
  they 're only here because due to international law we can not deport them . 
  how would you enforce this , other than keeping them from leaving in the first place ? 
  if you want to persue and arrest those who leave ( which only means that instead of a border station you would need to fund mobile patrols ) , what are you going to do once you arrest them ? 
  bring them back to poland and release ? 
  what would stop them from just going back again ? 
  keep them in prisons ? 
  prisons are crowded already , you 'd need camps . 
  why not set up detentions camps from the start ? 
  in the end , why are we accept migrants , if we intend to forcefully keep them locked in camps ? 
  i feel like this whole system creates many more problems than it solves . 
  your comments are very hypocritical . 
  in one you say  do you accept the rule of law ? 
  but when shown that this has no basis in law , you call to emotions about a `` corrupt eu '' . 
  if you do n't like how the eu law works , perhaps you should alter it , instead of throwing fits . 
  so you 're saying eu should reinstate internal border controls then ? 
   the question is whether the eu values poland more than it does migrants . 
  while i think those in the poll answering yes to leaving eu are being over-reactive and ridiculous , at the same time i do n't think i would want to be a part of a so-called union that preaches to you about solidarity , but at the same time would value foreign , illegal immigrants over the citizens of a member state . 
  if brussels sees it that way , i suppose eu is free to start accession process with afghanistan , syria and lebanon , once they get rid of states that would veto this . 
  i suppose ? 
  only recently has amazon become available in our market and it 's amazon.de , so i 'd say for the common consumer it is still nonexistent . 
  the prices are n't very competitive . 
  ca n't comment on what people prefer , it 's just the current reality . 
  i have never ordered anything from amazon so far that is non-digital . 
  you order from smaller stores . 
  there are price aggregators like ceneo.pl that compare prices on products from a lot of stores so you can find the best deal . 
  what about universities ? 
  surely candidates for biology majors need to have knowledge and understanding of evolution ? 
  kind of . 
  decreasing funding is one thing , but even if there was a complete scientific and engineering breakthrough ** today ** that proves this is possible , safe and cost-efficient , it would still take decades to design , fund , build and test actual commercial plants . 
  [ mean construction time of a normal , typical nuclear power plant is 7.5 years . 
  ] ( http://euanmearns.com/how-long-does-it-take-to-build-a-nuclear-power-plant/ ) that 's * only * construction , and it 's old , tried tech . 
  `` soon '' meaning a time scale of 20-40 years . 
  if it works of course ( hopefully ) . 
  if we were completing a nuclear plant now , it would be old enough to be decommissioned once the fusion technology matures enough and a plant is built . 
  i ca n't wait for the maymays that the british will post there . 
  yes , and everybody calls them a shady cult , and it 's illegal in several countries . 
  or despite \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  you 're being pedantic . 
  witcher is set in a fantasy universe , but the setting is european and medieval . 
  the countries are fictional , but culturally analogous to some countries of medieval europe , and the geopolitical situation is sometimes similar to some events from european history . 
  does that mean a country ca n't have an ethnically diverse population ? 
  of course not , they 're fictional , sapkowski can just as well say that redania 's * human * population is 33 % white , 33 % black and 33 % asian . 
  but since he also wrote history for these countries , he would also need to include how that came about , because such an ethnic structure does not happen naturally . 
  migration from far away lands due to wars or magical cataclysms ? 
  economic immigration ? 
  or armed parties going to another fictional country or continent to catch slaves of different skin color ? 
  so , what i 'm getting at . 
  it may make sense for a city like novigrad to be somewhat diverse . 
  there 's merchants from faraway lands , there 's slaves , there 's exotic fleets , there 's immigrants , there 's refugees and what have you . 
  less so for the entirety of redania , especially by witcher 3 . 
  does it make sense for skellige to have a diverse population ? 
  not really , it 's an isolated group of islands settled by xenophobic vikings . 
  edit : perhaps to make my point even more clear . 
  i only wish for consistency of the fantasy universe . 
  take the latest conan movie for example : conan 's friend is a black pirate . 
  him being black is not shoehorned into the setting , as he 's a sailor from exotic lands . 
  but if you introduce random black families into farming villages of a remote countryside , then something simply seems off . 
  you guys know what i find hilarious ? 
  a game or movie set in an european medieval setting that has a racially diverse cast . 
  they look so out of place it 's ridiculous . 
  okay , i understand america is very diverse and hollywood tries to be inclusive of the minorities in a predominantly white industry . 
  that makes sense given the cultural context . 
  but there 's settings where this will work , and the are those where it will not . 
  most places outside us are fairly homogeneous , and have been even more so in the past . 
  either such places are emulated on film semi accurately , or they are not , and they 're just an american society with a medieval theme slapped on top . 
  sad !, 
  i thought iceland has trolls for that . 
  he has places to be and other ceremonies to attend , i 'm sure he ca n't afford to be seen growing a beard . 
  you know , the time between clean shaven and gloriously bearded when you look like a hobo . 
  well obviously . 
  and then even russia does n't recognize them . 
  yes . 
  countries do , in fact , have relationships they want to maintain . 
  by recognizing transnistria , a country will either sour or outright cut diplomatic ties with moldova ...
