  excluding the headphone jak , heh . 
  is that a bad thing to say ? 
  i admire putin too , he is a brilliant politician . 
  it does n't mean i am happy or agree with his policies . 
  so far every tech website has concluded that iphone 7 left every other smartphone in the dust , specs-wise , and there is mostly discussion on why qualcomm ca n't keep up . 
  considering the times when these names were invented , bathing once a week seems like an accomplishment . 
   prissy american censorship the funny thing is that every time freedom of speech is mentioned on some news article on reddit , we 're being lectured by americans how europe does n't have * `` true '' * freedom because we have laws against holocaust denial , hate speech or supporting nazi/communist regimes . 
  correct . 
  so everyone gets the same uniform . 
  no exceptions . 
  i do n't mean to imply that repeating the vote is the right way to go , not at all . 
  i 'm not british , it 's really none of my business . 
  all i 'm saying is that the protesters have the right to be dissatisfied and they have the right to demand a repeat ... even if it 's entirely pointless . 
  on that note i think the issue stems from the fact that the referendum was not announced to be valid only with a supermajority , like 60 % at least . 
  i really do n't think such important political shifts should happen only because a very small portion of the voters failed to show up at the ballots . 
  with such a small difference of numbers between the two camps it 's really up to chance and luck . 
  some mentioned that simply flooding in the south might have affected the outcome . 
  a win under a qualified majority requirement would be even more indisputable . 
  the whole mess comes from the fact that while there was a win for the brexit decision , it was far from being decisive . 
   i do think the vote would be different if held today , but i 'd hate to see a democratic vote ignored until we get the right result personally i 'm not saying it should , but i would support that if i was of the opinion that the outcome of the vote is objectively harmful . 
  please excuse the hyperbole , but imagine if someone votes to gouge my eyes out . 
  i would definitely protest that and demand for the vote to be ignored , not reluctantly accept it because `` i guess more people want it than do n't , so that 's fine , make it quick '' . 
   you deign yourself morally superior and objectively correct but you just described every protest ever ... and you dodged my question :  you can protest existing laws , so why not votes that were not yet put into law ? 
  it is undemocratic to protest , unless the thing you 're protesting about is undemocratic ? 
  so what , the fact that the government is democratically elected i 'm supposed to be happy about and accept every decision they make ? 
  every majority vote is objectively correct once it 's passed ? 
  heck no , if i think a decision is stupid then it does n't matter if a lot of other people like it , i will still try my best to stop it , for the good of all . 
  provided that all of this is within boundaries of the checks and balances of a democratic process . 
  to sum up , the fact that there was a vote means jack shit if you think the outcome is harmful . 
  there are so many options after a vote to reverse it that are 100 % democratic ( not to mention that the referendum is in no way legally binding ) , and the only undemocratic move would be to try and stifle them . 
  so is protesting . 
  freedom of expression . 
  and you can protest existing laws , so why not votes that were not yet put into law ? 
  i 'm really confused what people in the comments here think is ok to protest . 
  tyranny , corruption ? 
  no protests as long as the decisions are democratic ? 
   i do n't understand protesting a fair democratic vote , was it not fair ? 
  for one , you can protest anything . 
  you can protest ( and many do ) an exisiting law , or a decision made by a democratically-elected officials . 
  both are perfectly democratic , but that does n't mean you need to be happy about it . 
  two , the vote was one by a very small majority , so that is going to leave a lot of people unhappy either way . 
  the nation is n't exactly unanimous towards one side or another . 
  the protesters raise a point that it is possible that if the vote was held today , the outcome would be different . 
  it 's for the birtish to decide , but if you ask me they should 've set the referendum up with a supermajority to change that status quo , like 60 or even 70 % . 
  i would 've been upset too if my country made such a drastic step only because of lucky turnout for one side of the other . 
  who would shout that ? 
  in many polls polish people are shown to be among the most pro-eu . 
  so is that what we 're doing right now ? 
  muslim police for muslims , jewish police for jews ? 
  well , kids will be hurt in general . 
  sounds like something a middle-eastern human trafficker would bullshit you with . 
   if you watch the lower levels of the society , you wo n't find many that are happy i would like to see a country where `` lower levels of society '' are happy . 
  he wo n't get in trouble back in china for trying to become a dissident ? 
  i would n't say it 's stupid . 
  you ca n't really blame the people that they think it 's a terrorist chant , if it 's something shouted during every single terrorist attack performed by fundamental islamists . 
  apart from the fact that people associate the phrase with terrorism ( the most common image of a suicide bomb attack is shouting the phrase and then boom ) , here in europe we value the separation of religion and state . 
  shouting that god is great at a political demonstration would be considered in bad taste . 
  well , it 's less `` warlordship '' and more like `` warrior chief '' . 
  still cool though . 
  well , of course , but i guess the expected outcome is getting more tourists overall , not having the same amount stretched across a longer beach . 
  plus , the amount of coastline that is possible to make suitable is simply finite . 
  yeaahhhh , i do n't think that 's going to happen ... 
  let 's finance a project of making the coastline longer . 
  what 's up with general distrust of politicians ? 
  i miss the times where i could meet a complete stranger , start with `` those fucking cunts at the parliament , right ? '', 
  and be met with general agreement , instead of a `` yeah , except my party x that is the savior of this nation , i hope you did n't mean them ! '', 
  answer . 
  you mean , like , before the great war ? 
  you 're right , the kaiser would n't stand for this . 
  is it really that vast if he has to arrest tens of thousands to consolidate power ? 
  well yes , you 're right , if nato goes to war with turkey and annexes its land ( or what 's left of it ) then the strategic partner is no longer needed . 
  though i do n't know if that 's going to be easy . 
  unless you mean something completely different when bringing up annexation . 
  what would you like to happen ? 
  european countries going to war against erdogan 's turkey ? 
  it 's problematic since turkey still actually is a strategic nato partner . 
  dat bosphorus . 
  how will this not lead to civil war ? 
  i 'm sure all of those people have friends , family . 
  wo n't they want revenge if you hurt so many ? 
  not at all , mostly waiters and shopkeepers . 
  croatia was great , the only holiday destination where i could at least in part feel what it 's like to communicate in your native tongue abroad . 
  most croats we encountered communicated better in polish than english . 
  that being said the reactions to polish language or us saying we 're polish were indeed weird : `` polish ? 
  oh you 're great , you 're catholic too ! '', 
  they were so happy once we confirmed we 're not russian . 
  it 's still at least 2 years until uk is officially out of eu . 
  anything can happen in that time really . 
  i was wondering . 
  what if the british government steps down , new elections are held , and a party bases their program on not respecting the results of the referendum and wins ? 
  ... of england and wales . 
  so uk will not have trade agreements with other countries while negotiations with eu are underway for several years ? 
  i assume in the mean time uk will store its export products in warehouses somewhere in ~ ~ whales ~ ~ wales . 
  i really think decisions such as this one should have a more decisive majority than that to be considered . 
  if 48 % of your country wants to be in the eu than that is still a lot of people . 
  from experience it seems that when italian food is actually present , you will then complain that it is not authentic . 
  for the record we put sauces on top of pizza ; peas , corn , kie\u0142basa , pineapple are pizza ingredients ; and gouda is a valid alternative to parmesan on a pasta . 
   nobody who has money to travel actually brings discount plastic bags abroad are you kidding ? 
  on a trip around italy i 've met a silesian family that was packed in nothing * but * discount bags . 
  as in instead of actual bags and suitcases .
