  actually it 's a tour from a travel agency , and since i 'm seeing plitvice lakes , split , trogir , dubrovnik and krka park , i guess i 'm staying all around . 
  how 's the weather this time of year anyway ? 
  i did n't exactly plan my vacation during the peak summer season , but i do hope for a little sun ... 
  well , i do hope it 's not so bad , croatia is my point of destination in a week . 
  maybe we should just have european idol , live on every national tv every sunday . 
  i think this would accomplish more than years of eu integration . 
  i heard two things about switzerland : xenophobic and apeshit about ecology . 
  is that true ? 
  that 's a really bad pun . 
  what 's up with the orangutans ? 
   russia and chechnya interchangeably that 's still valid , since chechnya is russian territory . 
  now that i think about it ... why did we want to build a missile defense system with the usa , and not with germany or something ? 
  these are just declinations , so yes , they all mean two , but they change based on what are you actually counting . 
  basically : 1 . 
  dwa - two masculine objects , like `` dwa piwa '' = `` twe beers '' 1 . 
  dwie - two feminine objects , `` dwie lampy '' = `` two lamps '' 1 . 
  dwoje - two neuter objects , `` dwoje dzieci '' = `` two children '' . 
  also used to address a group of people of mixed gender 1 . 
  dw\u00f3ch - two men 1 . 
  dwaj - kinda similar to the above , two men , but used in a bit different context etc. 
  it may seem complicated ( and it probably is a bit ) , but it allows to communicate a lot in one or two simple words . 
  by just declining the word `` two '' i can say if those are two objects , people , their gender , as well as make the word possessive or whatnot . 
  you could ask `` whose keys are these ? '', 
  and i could answer with `` tych dwojga '' meaning `` those two people of which one is male and the other is female '' . 
  this however makes some translations hard from english - english language does n't generally carry information about the gender , which can create ambiguity in a story , where the author does n't reveal who 's the protagonist in a scene . 
  polish does carry such information - you just ca n't say much in polish about a person without revealing their gender . 
  so either the translation must assume a gender ( if it 's not a huge problem ) , or use awkwardly vague statements like only calling someone a `` person '' . 
  an interesting use of this was made by jacek dukaj in his [ perfect imperfection novel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perfect_imperfection ) - he introduced a new grammatical gender when referring to posthuman characters ( that are neither male nor female , but are n't also neuter ) . 
  unless you print a lot of money . 
  what the hell cypriots ? 
  how well are you guys taking this ? 
  i admit , the government taking 7 % of my cash would probably be a riot-inducing deal for me . 
  people also have birthdays . 
  you wish them well on their birthday not because they were born on such an awesome day , but because you like them and it 's a nice occasion to appreciate them . 
  it 's a kind of holiday , same as mother 's day , valentines day , christmas , women 's day , kwanzaa , st. patty 's , or steak and blowjob day . 
  criticism against any holiday that celebrates any possible subset of human population ( and more ) could be very well applied against ** any other ** holiday . 
  are n't their suicide rates just high despite that ? 
  what , no rota ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rota_ ( poem ) it almost became the national anthem !, 
  can be heard here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kidq7vdxpe0 or here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz-ra40my9g, 
  i 've been to the uk a few years back on a school break to make some coin during the summer , as well as brush up my english . 
  i 've maybe spoken english twice ( may or may not be an exaggeration ) during my two month stay . 
  mostly to the nice pakistani people at the liquor store . 
  and why should we care ? 
  nobody writes an article if i do n't clean my house . 
  if they like , they can live in filth . 
  because great wall becomes obsolete with the invention of dynamite . 
  i like how everybody disregarded your whole comment only to focus on the use of one word . 
  i agree by the way . 
  the eu meetings on tv feel like watching a madhouse . 
  none of the discussions even mention long term solutions for real problems . 
   denounced him because he seemed like fascist or because he was all buddy-buddy with russia . 
  that was funny as well . 
   put tents for 500 people there . 
  others are now living in gymnasiums and empty factory halls , which is only marginally better . 
  and what happens in 2 months when the winter comes ? 
  i do n't think the migrants realize what exactly a proper winter in central europe feels like . 
  there 's not much benefits or housing in eastern europe to speak of , that 's a very weak incentive to keep the migrants in place . 
  many of the few refugees settled in poland under very good conditions ( for poland ) already left . 
   probably not germany though . 
  yet . 
  yeah i 'm sure you elected some black guy as well . 
  uh , rome * does * have an older democracy by any account . 
  if you wish it , then democracy will work it out somehow . 
  there , fixed it as well . 
  read mine as well . 
  i 'm not saying they 're all legitimate refugees , but because they * claim * they are we ca n't easily send them away . 
  no war = no claim to refugee status = migrant crisis easily solved . 
  if there is no war , then they have no basis to apply for asylum like they do now . 
  war refugees have to be accepted due to international law , migrants have to apply for a visa like they always had . 
  it wo n't stop people wanting to come to eu , but they will have hard time coming legally , and will be shipped back if they come illegally ( right now they ca n't because warzone ) . 
  end war to not have war refugees ? 
  who would have thought ? 
  i also propose to end all famines with people having enough food , and all epidemics by having available cures . 
  damn , that was easy . 
  yup , and they were also syrian catholics , taken in by a charity . 
  the conditions they were given were a lot better compared to benefits impoverished polish families can claim . 
  however , even if it can be presented as an example , i would n't want to judge all of the refugees based on that incident . 
  even if one or two families fled for germany , tens more stayed , and i 'd like to think they 're grateful . 
  and i 'm telling you that i 'm not optimistic enough to consider this sufficient as a deterrent . 
  they are going to try and move if they wo n't be able to find a job and if they wo n't find the benefits satisfactory . 
  they might consider that at point they have nothing to lose , that maybe it 's better to be an illegal immigrant in germany than an unemployed refugee in poland . 
  and the `` no right to live '' part is what i 'm getting at - germany will have to catch them and send them back . 
  you also seem to be missing the point i 'm trying to make . 
  i 'm not saying countries like poland should n't help other eu countries deal with the influx of refugees - i think we should , if we want to make eu work we should have each others ' back . 
  i 'm also not saying that poland ca n't afford to accept the current batch of refugees - 10 thousand is n't that much in the scale of a 38-million country . 
  what i am doubting however is if the eu is capable of dealing with hundreds of thousands refugees scattered across the continent , when many of them are not happy with where they were placed , and not finding the conditions they are in comparable to what they imagined . 
  juncker and merkel talk of redistribution as if the refugees are resources with no free will , that will stay wherever you ship them and be happy with anything they get , but i do n't think this is the case . 
  not to mention that this is only the first batch . 
  what i 'd like to see is a long term plan , because the current idea of `` let 's put them forcefully evenly everywhere and see how it works out '' seems more like a knee jerk reaction . 
  we 're not addressing the root problem , only trying to minimize the damage . 
  but hey , maybe i 'm wrong and when the refugees realize that not all of them can be placed on luxurious scandinavian benefits then the immigration will lessen at least a bit . 
   if they do n't have the option to go to germany ( or austria , or the netherlands , or some of the other richer eu countries ) , what will they do about it ? 
  walk ? 
  we do n't have border controls due to schengen , we 'd have to close the borders again . 
  hence my question on how are we to force them to stay in a country . 
  we can either keep them under guard in camps or lock down the borders . 
  besides , what i had more in mind in such a case was rioting . 
  if they will be unhappy they might just as well riot . 
  edit : oh yeah , i forgot , or storm the borders like in hungary .
