  i 'd very much like to forget that . 
  so are dacias any good ? 
  eh , hard to tell . 
  i got a rundown of energy sources with my recent energy bill and it was mostly gas . 
  with some nuclear plants we would certainly reduce both oil and gas consumption , at least to a degree . 
  just repeating what i heard on the news about this . 
  whole month being compensated might be a hyperbole on my part , but they certainly can compensate a few days of low flow . 
   and yet , they 'll still get payed less doubtful , unless they cut the supply permanently . 
  the gas supply is billed quarterly , if the amount is off from what was in the contract at the end of the year then there is a dispute over how much should be paid . 
  russia could probably just as well cut off the gas for a month , as long as they compensate the amount in the other two months . 
  of course they do . 
  the warning part is only a commentary . 
  maybe we should organize a spelling bee championship instead of elections next time . 
  no problem . 
  i 'm happy that my 3 semesters of spanish classes finally paid off . 
   juan jos\u00e9 , which in english would be `` joan jesus '' . 
  no , in english it would be `` john joseph '' . 
  of course we do !, 
  damn well proud of it . 
  the beginnings of the polish state were much more tied with the west rather then east , both geographically and culturally . 
  poland at the time was under pressure from germany to adopt christianity ( and under risk to be baptized by force ... ) , [ so prince mieszko accepted the baptism , but from bohemia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baptism_of_poland ) ( to avoid being too much under german influence , and to be subordinate directly to vatican , instead of going through the german hierarchy , as well as part of a deal of marrying the bohemian princess dubrawka ) . 
  i do n't even know if any missionaries from the eastern church wondered into these parts . 
  not really their turf , considering how close germany was . 
  this single act pretty much cemented polish affiliation to the western sphere of influence , which stuck to this day . 
  why does n't anybody realize how much tea we drink ? 
  `` what is the capital of assyria ? '', 
  so you guys simply stopped viking . 
  shame on you for turning back on your traditions . 
  i guess it depends on the country ? 
  poland has a law that makes it punishable by prison for a polish citizen to fight in a foreign army of which the person does not hold a citizenship , unless the ministry of defense issues a permit . 
  i had some in ikea recently . 
  i admit , i expected them to be better . 
  kind of like prawns , but smelly and muddy . 
  i dunno , they 'd probably need more training if the model is different . 
  why do you need tank training if you have only one functional tank :d the only training i can think of is training soldiers on how to stop an enemy tank ... 
  [ there are some active papal orders of knighthood . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/papal_orders_of_knighthood ), 
  surprised is an understatement . 
  that near audible `` the fuck ?! '', 
  wait , latvia has 3 tanks ? 
  as in three ? 
  what the hell do you do with 3 tanks ? 
   news at 11 , a developing country wants more funds to be available for infastructure spending . 
  and more news at 12 , a country suggests something that is in its interest . 
   so their homosexuality is imo ~ ~ awesome ~ ~ fabulous, 
  was n't her political support extremely low ? 
  she had like 12 % in the elections . 
  i do n't think the article says anywhere that * we * have to bailout ukraine , but it does seem that it will default unless outside help is provided , and the amount of that help needed will grow as the conflict goes on . 
  who bails out ukraine and on what terms seems like a topic for a separate and far longer discussion . 
  we should totally have that visegr\u00e1d group shit going , yo . 
  no , it 's still there , but you have to go and sign up for the private funds . 
  i 'm not sure how it works when you start your first job ( it used to be mandatory to choose a private fund when i was starting work ) , but you can still sign up for the private funds at a later time , though it 's not easy . 
  even if you decide to not use a private fund now , you can sign up later , but only during designated `` time frames '' , every few years . 
  next one in 2 years and then every 4 , i think ? 
  something like that . 
  you can also change your fund to another at those times . 
   forcibly ? 
  how did the government seize private assets ? 
  by introducing a law ? 
  technically they do n't forcibly seize the assets , you give them away . 
  you can keep the assets on your private fund , but you have to opt-in to have them there , otherwise they 'll be moved into zus . 
  they also do n't really `` take '' your assets , they 're just moved from the fund to the national insurer , so they 're technically still there and technically still yours , in a metaphorical , virtual sense ... but we all know it 's a load of baloney . 
  oh , also , even if you stay with the private funds , your assets from the fund are going to be gradually moved to the national insurer over a period of 10 years before your retirement . 
  supposedly so that you `` do n't lose assets at the last minute '' . 
  yeah , but i do n't believe ukraine will be able to get a better deal . 
  it 's not good for ukraine , but it does n't seem that prolonging the conflict will bring any gains for them . 
  german makes it possible to make compound words out of infinite number of elements , so that ca n't be beat . 
  however , polish has ** one ** type of words where that is possible as well : making nouns from a compound of a property described by a numeral . 
  i probably made a mistake somewhere in there . 
   but i ca n't help but feel that the lies/propaganda linking the government in kiev with fascists has helped fuel these kind of incidents . 
  you know , propaganda or not , i ca n't put myself in a situation where i would torment a helpless man or woman strapped to a pole , even if i knew this was some kind of murderer or something . 
  it would really have to be someone that personally hurt me or my family in a significant way , but then i still would n't be laughing about it like the woman that was kicking this lady in the pictures . 
  i mean , that 's just barbaric . 
   the logic is , if russia attacks a nato member , and the allies do nothing or not much then other nato members will have to reconsider staying in the pact vs. joining new one with russia . 
  i do n't know what would become of nato if an invoked article 5 would be ignored , but the former members flocking to the aggressor does n't make any sense . 
  `` huh , none of us did anything to defend those guys . 
  maybe if we make a new team , but with russia instead of usa , then someone will do something the next time russia attacks someone . 
  and who the hell would join that ? 
  russian actions made nato countries come together closer than ever . 
  time-traveling ex-kgb russian autocrat ? 
  may god have mercy on our souls . 
  it gets simple things right . 
  croatian translation of `` i love you '' is incorrect there ? 
  that 's a nice thread and all , but would ' t it be easier to just use google translate for this one ? 
  it can even read it out loud for you ... 
   i now earn as much as i would in a similar position in vienna that does n't sound bad at all . 
  like i said in another reply here : yes , but it would n't hurt to polish that english . 
  yeah , i 'm not saying he 'll be bad at his position because of his english proficiency , just that it would be nice if it was better . 
  they all have translators and interpreters anyway . 
  well i did n't say his english is horrible , but he 's not exactly super-fluent . 
  enough to communicate and have a chat , but some more skill would be nice for political negotiations . 
  i heard his german is much worse than his english ... 
  sky is the limit !, 
  will you have it to stab it ? 
  :d just kidding , you guys are okay . 
  edit : though it would make us feel less uneasy if you used `` if '' instead of `` once '' :d, 
  i 've actually started to wonder if the whole ukraine shit is n't just some posturing to get russia back into the world politics stage , so that they will have more of a leverage in the arctic . 
  i mean , there 's really nothing of value to russia in ukraine , apart from some ideological `` slavic friendship '' drivel that 's nice to preach at home . 
  the conflict however makes them look serious , capable , and not afraid to `` defend their interests '' . 
  with the melting ice caps many rich deposits become accessible , and soon it will be a cause of friction between some countries .
