  well , that 's true , but maybe he should start with getting the agencies that are supposed to work together to cooperate instead of trying to control an institution that is supposed to be somewhat independent . 
  what i mean is - we need a planned and systematic platform for a comprehensive cooperation of the various institutions , not hush-hush deals over vodka . 
   malicious misquotations i especially liked `` polish state practically does n't exist '' the most , it was all over the headlines . 
  however , if presented with a proper context and as part of the whole statement , most people would probably even agree ( though far fewer would use the same words , mind you ) . 
  it is a bit sad though coming from a minister of internal affairs that the country 's institutions are not coordinated well enough . 
  fix it , that 's your job !, 
  poland is not a presidential republic . 
  the head of the government is the pm . 
  the president is elected separately and as such can be a member of a party that is opposed to the ruling party . 
   honestly , in the uk politicians resigned for less . 
  [ i think you completely slept through the whole snowden affair . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/jan/31/footage-released-guardian-editors-snowden-hard-drives-gchq ), 
   did n't that crash wipe out good chunk of your officials ? 
  * president * former president in exile * military chiefs * national bank governor * deputy fm * head army chaplains * head of national security bureau * three deputy parliament speakers * civil rights commissioner * some lawmakers , mostly members of the president 's party it was a presidential plane mostly carrying the president and his guests , the government was n't a part of that trip . 
   man who recorded this is national hero . 
  i 'm torn on this one . 
  one the one hand we need transparency , but otherwise i 'm appalled at the incompetency of our counterespionage if any idiot at a restaurant can just record hundreds of hours of talks between the most important people in the country . 
  they 'll do a witchhunt now and get someone charged for espionage , but after some ministers i think heads should roll in the abw , bor , or other services that should be responsible for stuff like this * not * happening . 
  if by `` opponent '' you mean `` obstacle to reconquer eastern europe '' then maybe , but i would n't dare to speculate what russia thinks . 
  we can look at it from all angles . 
  if russia did n't want eastern europe to seek membership in a defensive pact it considers threatening maybe it should n't have made eastern europe scared shitless of their big neighbor . 
  i always liked the implication of this argument that no country near russian border is considered a sovereign state by russia . 
   but poor poland . 
  once a firm slavic friend haha , when was that ? 
  it 'll probably have to get used to it . 
  can we do that in russia as well ? 
  maybe some russian regions would like to join poland , or germany , or usa , or become independent . 
  edit : [ no , wait , that would be a crime in russia . 
  ] ( http://en.ria.ru/russia/20131229/186063866/putin-signs-law-punishing-separatism-with-jail.html ), 
  usually served in 0.5-liter bottles and glasses , but you can get 1 liter mugs at select pubs and restaurants . 
  there 's nothing extremely special about that though , they 're pretty inconvenient to handle and your beer goes flat and warm faster . 
  300 ml = small beer 500 ml = regular 700 or 1000 ml = big, 
  yeah , both the map as well as the `` government and politics '' read more like a wishlist then an actual description of the situation . 
  if other countries or regions were up to the same standards , the north korean article should start with `` north korea is the best country . '', 
  the map shows a big territory , apparently as big as estonia , while the separatists actually control only a few areas and locations in the eastern regions . 
  there 's information on the government , which right now there is none , apparently to be nominated by some group of representatives , which does n't exist . 
  it describes a non-existent economic system . 
  i guess this is informative , but the article does a really shitty job at emphasizing the fact that the described entity is completely virtual , and everything else is only a future program outlined by the militant groups . 
  that 's still good money for something a trained monkey could do while working from home . 
  well yes , but like i said , past grievances do n't matter much , because if we took that as a standard then everybody has had some conflicts with everybody . 
  the only difference for britain was that its borders were established because of the natural coastline and stayed that way , and they were more difficult to conquer . 
  it 's like poland building a big moat around the year 1000 and declaring `` totes not europe now '' . 
  anyway , you 're probably right , i just think that 's silly of britons . 
   it was an enemy to most europe at different points in its history most of europe was an enemy to most of europe at different points in history . 
  they 're just on an island . 
  well , just shot a random value there , i ca n't say it was an accurate estimation on how much crimea would be worth , 
  it does seem like it was n't worth it . 
  i wonder , if russia simply offered to * buy * crimea back from ukraine , for , say , forgetting the ukrainian gas debt , would n't that be a more profitable deal for russia ? 
  it seems everybody would be happy . 
  it would look great for russia actually . 
  they 'd be the sensible diplomatic country that wants to make a deal , and if the ukrainian nationalists expressed anger then they would look like the aggressive side . 
  note : those do n't have holes . 
  we have regular donuts in some supermarkets , but they 're not very popular, 
  haha , fair enough . 
  it 's a running joke in poland . 
  szczecin is 65km from the sea . 
  many people either think it 's a seaside city , or make fun of szczecin for not being one . 
  they do n't support joining the eurozone , but i think that 's it . 
  they 're completely opposite from pis in their economic views , they 're rand-style libertarian . 
  that 's fine , i actually support some of their ideas in that regard . 
  their social views are however as conservative as it gets ( far more then pis ) . 
  they 're completely anti-eu and they promised they 're going to the european parliament to change it into a `` brothel '' ( which is a polish euphemism for `` big mess '' ) . 
   knp : 7.2 % i would say that 's hilarious if those were national elections , but since the vote was for the european parliament i feel they 're gon na embarrass us in front of other people . 
   too soon ? 
  [ come on , it 's the internet . 
   one of the happiest days this year ? 
  it just means some people do n't get many happy days in their year . 
   i just hope it wo n't be not sld or tw\u00f3j ruch . 
  i would be very surprised if it ** was n't ** sld or tw\u00f3j ruch . 
  who the hell votes for psl ? 
  even the farmers do n't care . 
  i agree with what you say , but at the same time i 'm not really angry at our government or anything . 
  while i think they could 've done better , i also think the country is doing quite okay . 
  not super , but ` okay ' . 
  at the end of the day , i think `` not fuck up royally everything '' is n't a bad score for a government . 
  would probably help if i had some serious problems personally , but i 'm pretty happy with my life right now . 
  now , maybe i 'd like to give someone else a go at running things , but i also have to say i do n't really see any alternative . 
  po does n't have a plan other than to keep doing what they 're doing so far , but honestly the other parties seem to base their own programs on `` we 'll keep doing what po is doing , but it will be us doing it '' . 
  for foreign policy i can personally agree that sikorski seems to be kind of a dick , but at the same time he seems competent with his work , and i 'm also content with the way we handled things recently ( seriously , ever since the ukraine crisis started poland was a contant presence on the news here at / r/europe , going hand to hand with the `` big boys '' from eu ) . 
  to sum up . 
  yeah , there 's stuff i do n't like . 
  thanks for reminding me about the ofe thing , i have no idea why mine did n't contact me , because i want them to keep my money , got ta take care of that . 
  but all in all , i do n't think it 's really bad , and at that i do n't see any other parties offering a better alternative . 
  if i get convinced someone else should get my vote i 'll gladly make it , but right now i 'm happy with the current status quo . 
  edit : ** tldr : i do n't really like the current government , but the country is n't going down in flames , and there 's a lack of a coherent alternative , so why not just stick with it ? 
  here 's a basic list : http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=list_of_vodkas, 
  yeah , why would you want russian vodka when you can buy polish , 
  yeah , but he appeared pro-western during elections . 
  edit : plus , balancing the pro-western and pro-russian policies would probably be best for ukraine ( due to its location and history ) , if yanukovych did n't fuck it up completely , and either side would n't flip their shit at cooperation with the other . 
  yanukovych was `` pro-western '' as well . 
  i do n't think that 's an indicator of anything . 
  or a visionary opportunist . 
  i like how `` near russian border '' is a 1km-wide strip if russia is accused of military activity , but suddenly becomes a 700km-wide strip when russia is talking about nato activity . 
  [ currently they 're saying they prefer not to comment much because they have n't left russia yet . 
  also , while the fine is ridiculously small , they all got a 5-year ban on entering russia , so no more concerts there . 
  i think that would be http://www.votewatch.eu, 
  i get what you mean . 
  in poland we have a saying that i even find fitting of the situation : `` wi\u00f3d\u0142 \u015blepy kulawego '' , or `` a blind man leading a cripple ''  on the other hand , i doubt our government decided on this without at least consulting some eu partners . 
  adding to all the replies here - it 's also about the current russian attitude about the soviet times . 
  were the soviets as bad as the nazis ?
