  looks like a living room in an apartment of some high figure from communist era, 
  germans are very bullish regarding the `` rule of law '' when it comes to other countries ( but france ) and individuals living in their country . 
  i have yet to see the `` rule of law '' used against daimler , bmw , deutsche telekom , deutsche bahn , siemiens , bosch , thyssenkrupp , etc. 
  mind your wallet ... and kidneys ... 
  the forest whores . 
  i 'm glad to observe that nordics in this `` always top score '' , `` digitalize everything '' , and `` copy our lifestyle '' race are starting to bite their own tails . 
  pull your heads out of your asses . 
  hope that vladimir already has his own copy of the database . 
   all its data to `` the cloud '' , as managed by ibm how come ibm freaking always sneaks into public projects . 
  listen , the system you bought was developed in bangladesh , india , at best in poland . 
  considering the salaries which are paid in those outsourcing centers , not a single person gave a fuck about your data and proper encryption . 
  you 've got zaolzie already what else do you want , pepiki ? 
  celipat rather, 
  exceeding number of overly attractive and surprisingly sociable young ladies ? 
  it 's a trap . 
  even slovakia aspires into nordic nowadays ?!, 
  who else , estonia maybe ? 
  * ehem ... cough cough ... ehem ... *, 
  well ... 
  i wanted to say something snarky but unfortunately do n't have much on slovakia . 
  i you watch czech porn some of the actors probably actually are slovakian . 
  yes in this regard there has been significant improvement e.g. 
  during the embarrassing failure of the electronic election system in 2014 , anyone protesting was labeled `` far-right '' and treated accordingly by the police . 
  the most dangerous natural catastrophe in ireland are chavs, 
  i was n't invited to these protests , 
  then start fixing the real issues or someone will create a robot pressing this button thousands times per second . 
  this or similar result would be the case for any elections in the recent history of polish ( and probably other eu countries ' ) democracy . 
  he jumped off the sinking boat as his party ( po ) was compromitated by leaked recordings of private conversations of those ruling the country , there was no other person with similar `` charisma '' in the party to replace him , no competition - it had never sprouted even ( strangely similar with the situation at ... ehem ... our western neighbours ) . 
  he literally resigned from the position of prime minister of poland for a new job in brussels . 
  the friendship with frau angela is an open secret and might be as well a secret of such a successful career in brussels . 
  it 's just embarrassing how eagerly people protest over some abstract pseudo issues - do n't worry , judges will be doing fine in any political system as they have always been . 
  meanwhile protesters earn shit salaries , are treated like shit in work and by authorities , treat each other like shit in daily and professional life , as consumers they are being sold tat , there are no answers to the demographic problems , and no one has a problem with any of these ( `` it can always be worse '' , `` when i was at your age there was no toilet paper '' ) . 
  i would vote for pis only to piss you all off even more . 
  no worries , the tax office will learn it sooner or later, 
  i 've always had the feeling the wrong people are squeezing the juices out of me . 
  who cares about an offence from a person whose homeland will be under the water within 100 years ? 
  the new sexual revolution . 
  on the bright side though - the intrinsic criminal nature of eastern europeans has finally changed . 
  it was a typical late 19th/early 20th century territorial dispute . 
  without expulsions or genocides though . 
   i had buddies sit there for a while and their mental health took fast dive . 
  they should understand that it was for the good of their own and of the community , certainly nothing personal . 
  did someone explained this to them ? 
  it also happens in most places where anglo people appear . 
  no money has been leeched by me , not even taken by me , sorry mate . 
  i whine yes but that 's my fucking right . 
  i do n't see me claiming any of the above in this conversation . 
  give it on a legally binding document . 
  `` those disagreeing with me , and my opponents in particular , are mentality ill '', 
  the war was about to break out anyway . 
  guinness beer should be more sparkling, 
  northern ireland is protestant and rightfully british . 
  the aging society with large class living of social support is not going to sustain itself, 
  it 's too easy to be left behind in or even out of this `` humane society '' , not any more difficult than in societies considered much less humane, 
  paid your tv license already ? 
  historically germany is more likely to torch and plunder assets in poland , rather than deposit them there . 
   it is no surprise that almost all of what you mentioned is better and more humane in the western europe . 
  they believe that we do n't need to live in a darwinist clusterfuck try opening a business in your glorious and humane western europe . 
  unions , copyright holders , patent holders , employee rights lawyers , legal trolls , landlords , `` privacy '' and `` ecology '' advocates , even fucking public broadcasters - they all would like to have a chat with you . 
  falklands are argentinian . 
   `` non-zero sum game ''  or are you so totally married to the idea that it is dog eat dog yes it is : mortgages , insurances , property market , industry , patents , copyrights , employment market itd . 
  it literally is for anyone employed , owning a business , or generally - having a life of an adult person . 
  even if it 's `` non-zero '' , the individual gets below zero . 
  this is out of question, 
  if you are looking for weird people on the internet , reddit is the perfect place to go, 
  germany can always leave the eu to stop feeding seedy and needy poles , czech , romanians , and greeks . 
  you will not succeed in diminishing their contribution . 
  there are hundreds thousands of polish citizens working legally in germany , paying all taxes , insurances , contributions , and thus paying their share of the german eu budget contribution . 
   and , you know , in the past 30 years . 
  this is exclusively about projecting power through economical dominance . 
  they need * cheap * , and neighboring timid country ( ies ) who is ( are ) perfect for this purpose . 
  those who want better salaries and stimulating , fulfilling job have to go to germany anyway and there fully contribute with taxes , insurances , contributions to * german * economy and society . 
  the entire spectrum of society has been and is emigrating , last wave having started in 2004 . 
  nothing has changed in particular since last elections when pis won . 
  germany advocating for and helping to rebuild poland ?!, 
  when ?!, 
  threatening with russia on any occasion - this is notorious in english speaking ( american ? ), 
  media , why ? 
  any pole with slightest clue knows that poland can not rely on us of a in neither of the domains : military , economy , energy . 
  it 's just a terrible caricature . 
  who is so interested in advocating that poland is becoming fascist ? 
  ( `` national pride '' , `` overconfidence '' ) . 
  europe needs more women doing physical labour . 
  it can always be worse . 
  the prices in prague will never drop . 
  `` investors '' would prefer to keep it shiny even if it 's empty , eventually renting it out short-term high-price . 
  prague ( central + areas with buildings from the end of 19th and beginning of the 20th century ) is on it 's way to become a tourist trap city - come over with full wallet , exchange your cash with 20 % commision , drop remaining cash into this bin , now leave . 
  outside of these areas the city is basically like any other city in post-communist country ( concrete blocks , supermarkets , office buildings ) . 
  sit down , clowns . 
  found the virtuous, 
   the least qualified , will be the last to get a job in any kind of economic recovery . 
  by that time they might be unemployable . 
  it 's fascinating how he was commiting paintings , commisioned mostly by church , on the way as he was fleeing - malta , sicily . 
  the first italian vagabond feelancer-hipster . 
   royals are some sort of special snowflakes who are better than anyone else one of the explanations of how new species evolve is that it 's enough to take a group of one specie , divide into subgroups , and separate them geographically/physically . 
  after couple of generations each group will evolve differently thus becoming distinctive species . 
  it was a brit who came up with this theory btw . 
  then where do these south-asian looking street vendors come from ? 
  do n't pity models . 
  they know what they are doing and are paid very well for it .
