  i do n't understand how are they better as a tourist destination from any other european country south of them . 
   however europeans also have a much better work-life balance , better vacation time and more benefits overall . 
  which europeans ? 
  it certainly does n't apply to employed people in post-communist countries , nor to italy/greece/spain . 
  they have american level of work-life balance and `` benefits '' , and salaries lowest of them all . 
  the wealth and jobs are going to trickle down anytime now . 
  just wait . 
  not at all , in many places one has to document the entire employment history ( have particular forms issued by each former employer ) to get the mere status of unemployed . 
  things get more complicated if one took an advantage of the eu 's free movement of workers . 
  the british manager is there , but only figures in the corporate hierarchy , fetches a fat salary , and no one has ever seen him personally . 
  people tend to perceive countries like greece , italy , spain through the tourist bubble they experience when visiting during holidays . 
  getting a little insight in how a daily life looks there , taxes , employment ( or rather unemplyment ) , dealing with authorities , etc is a very sobering and disappointing experience . 
  put your dignity on the shelf right there , throw your emplyee rights in the trash bin in the corner , be nice and smiling to the german/swedish/french / american manager visiting us next week ( he will buy a beer for everyone !, 
  ) , and yeah ... the holidays you requested ... we have to talk about it . 
  the design looks inconsistent , like a hybrid of various components not fitting together . 
  similar impression i have when looking at the * caracal * helicopter . 
  silver finish give it a chinese counterfeit feel . 
  maybe it 's just the french school of design ? 
  does this graph demonstrate what percentage of the population does n't have a job , or how difficult is it to register as an unemployed ? 
   you are bored and lonely , are n't you ? 
  not only neonazis but as well lonely losers ? 
  i take it as a compliment , glad i led your trolling into blind alley . 
  what neonazi activities are going on in eastern europe ? 
  do you think that preventive invasion/overtake , or an incapacitation of that region would solve the problem ? 
   eastern europeans ( and i include eastern germans there ) who have the problem . 
  just goes to show how little communism differs from nazism eastern europeans have neonazi problem ? 
  dude ... maybe it 's because of all these death camps of theirs ? 
  only not your money , these can stay, 
   i mean ossis are [ ... ] bordering on neonazism you see ? 
  they hate * ossis * . 
  it 's funny actually because during the times of iron curtain , it was the western germany who were `` neonazis '' ( nazi officials were much more likely to be rehabilitated and have successful careers over there ) . 
  it was only an outset it looks . 
  the one who sows terror bombings , reaps terror bombings . 
  post-communists countries tend to have better internet , but the consumer rights are poorly enforced ( e.g. 
  unconditional free return , merchants selling goods they do n't have in the warehouse ) and the brick and mortal infrastructure is lacking ( postal services !, 
  there is enough housing already . 
  it 's only that nobody wants to live in marzahn or lichtenberg . 
  they hate * ossis * , also their property investments get too often painted over with spray paint and their precious cars get torched there . 
  then , it 's full of polish beggars and homeless ( btw unemployment rates in poland are sinking ! ) . 
  the water in spree is brownish-black ... and i have n't even started with the list properly yet . 
  yeah i heard wedding will be the next district where all cool and money savvy people will move to, 
  to breed a child two fertile relatively young human beings of opposite genders are required - berlin is not quite able to create an environment for such situation to happen . 
  then , if by some miracle it does - try getting a place in infamous * kita * ( kindergarden ) . 
  berlin ceased to be cheap long time ago for an individual to live in . 
  yeah , i know - there exist more expensive cities . 
  in germany creating software is perceived more or less as bricklaying , which explains to some extend the sophistication of software produced by their economy/industry . 
  a steam fighter jet would certainly be a revolution of some kind . 
  is the f-35 electric though ? 
  hybrid at least ? 
  it was a decision motivated by self interest . 
  the self interest of countries like czechia or poland was to do something else . 
  that 's not what your mom said last night . 
   or , `` we do n't like you , but we want your money '' . 
  not feeling the welcome . 
  so what , is germany/sweden any better in this regard ? 
  accepting the wave of people in recent years was all about stimulating the economy and basic consumption , more demand for unsophisticated services , fixing demography , getting potential voters , etc. 
  `` feeling the welcome '' , good joke . 
  hc andersen was highly neurotic . 
  his books/tales are a great material for psychoanalysts and researchers , but are not for children . 
  why would a foreign professional work at \u0160koda if one could work directly at volkswagen ? 
  headshot . 
  from the back . 
  they let in only the fit ones / s, 
   you just leave because you have another 4 offers ... and all of them pay peanuts ( the choice is between outsourcing center1 , outsourcing center2 , outsourcing center3 ) , while the rents in prague are already at the german level ( without the relative security one has while renting in germany ) . 
  the situation might be satisfactory for czechs who do n't emigrate much , have secured living , families in vicinity , etc , but it 's not an environment for a foreign professional to emigrate to . 
   even foreign managers have to watch themselves foreign managers do n't care because they are in a remote location , employed by a foreign subsidiary ( with job security higher than in czechia ) , they fire with a click of a button , and the local czech hr just do as they are being told . 
   labor costs in germany have risen faster than the eu average recently . 
  ... and this trend will only grow ( because of the age structure of the society and hundreds thousands of incomers to support ), 
  which are these stocks which would compensate a payrise ? 
  any of those i had ever been offered have been stagnant at best ... 
  german workers will agree for anything to stay in the workplace until retirement/mortgage paid - something impossible in most eu countries already, 
  in most eu countries it 's trivial to lose the public health insurance - it 's enough to get fired and have a delay in registering as an unemployed . 
  in some countries ( e.g. 
  germany ) the insurer does n't let one quit the insurance , but one has a very handsome debt accumulating on a monthly basis . 
  such is life in eastern europe, 
  you wo n't get any , real life in prague has nothing in common with a porn movie, 
  over the rest of eu countries, 
  what is easy to spot is the direction of migrations, 
   amazon recently moved here you mean these 30k czk jobs in the warehouse ? 
  the only booming industry in prague is property market and at this point one is more likely to get screwed over than get anything out of it . 
  jobs ? 
  outsourcing centers working on foreign projects oftentimes with foreign managers who treat the prague 's office as a cheapskate cost center with disposable employees - be really careful if you have respect for yourself and treat your professional career seriously . 
   what 's it like living in prague as a gay person ? 
  sooner of later you will get fucked ( scammed ) regardless of your orientation and preferences . 
  after * anschluss * of czechoslovakia it was the first time in history when slovakia appeared as an independent country . 
  correct ? 
  being financial center did n't work out for them . 
  come up north . 
   with chopin and gay stuff , chopin was gay ?!, 
  george sand was a man ? 
  english language german media outlets are meme factories ? 
  you called them morons , wow . 
  the cars are still torched though . 
   hurting people that are not fascists the problem is - anyone can be a fascist and looking at the current narrative in germany their eastern neighbors are becoming `` fascists '' , surely they are far-right already . 
  ffs jurgen just take a break from work and find something constructive to do . 
  masturbate , start playing ping-pong , grow mustache , whatever . 
  the nation of extremists . 
  the polish-american alliance is an alliance of hamster with lion . 
  everything goes smooth as long as poland buys weapons and pays on time . 
  cats like to play with their food before the meal .
