  the masked criminals roaming around the city inspired by doings of [ this german gentelman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oskar_dirlewanger ) ) . 
  agree - it 's an important anniversary , not some fucking cheap pyro show, 
  it must be your own fault , have you tried submitting more personal information when applying for an apartment ? 
  birth certificate , testament , semen/stool sample ? 
  one diving in their employment market will get fucked anyway , sometimes literally, 
   you just have to find a job and you can go . 
  well no shit , kristyna . 
   eastern or southern europe large enough to counterbalance the people who will never contribute let these pay for those . 
  watch them fight . 
  skoda , skoda cars everywhere, 
  everyone ( except those not considered humans ) made a fortune out of it . 
  that 's why it happened . 
  cheap in ukraine would mean dunno ... 100 usd per month ? 
  paid to the hiring agency/authorities in this case and the person gets a fraction of it . 
  not even for north koreans it would be profitable i 'm afraid . 
  no one . 
  the bottom gets the spanking . 
  watch out not too hear such an `` advice '' at some point in your life, 
  how efficiently balts and slavs always `` assimilate '' into german culture . 
  it 's phenomenal . 
  you keep the numbers right and disregard the real situation on the employment market . 
  this will go into history books as `` czech miracle '' . 
  who pays income taxes and social contributions then ? 
  where does italian government take the money from ? 
  well is n't it obvious ? 
  it 's an economic conflict between silicon valley hegemons and german automotive industry ( `` privacy '' vs `` emissions '' ) . 
  honestly , i 'm entertained . 
   secondly , just because labour is cheap does n't mean it 's unskilled . 
  polish labour productivity is increasing at 4 % per year , which is non-trivial squeeze that lemon to the last drop . 
  create an environment where the local population will keep undermining and fucking over each other , while thinking they are making a successful career . 
  funnel out the profits . 
  with the situation as it is there is no hope the economy will get out of middle income trap . 
  applies to both - poland and czechia . 
  oligopolies , oligopolies everywhere . 
  whatever is the deal , the individual/consumer is getting fucked . 
  this is a leaflet prepared by people who make money from making other people change their jobs . 
  or one can create a volatile environment with high rotation of emplyees , knowing that no competition will increase the salaries above what makes the outsourcing center still profitable, 
  and the anthem of old prusssians ? 
  did they sing it as well ? 
  one not always has full control over its professional and housing situation , one is able to relocate only this often, 
  you will need a lot of russians/ukrainians/mongolians to feed the outsourcing hydra . 
  yeah these super benefits being e.g. 
  miserable food coupons . 
  pay me with money . 
   highly skilled job with an above-average wage this is the weak point of the plan considering the dominance of almost exclusively low cost outsourcing centers, 
  then just make sure to always stay below and under them, 
  did you see the traffic jams on the main arteries at the peak commute hours ? 
  25 m \u00b2 with 50 minutes commute to any office district ... as the eastern european saying goes * it always can be worse *, 
   8-12k range an individual apartment ?!, 
  where ?!? 
  ... for offered salaries and employment conditions, 
  cut off this propaganda . 
  just take a walk to any * \u00da\u0159ad pr\u00e1ce * ( employment office ) in prague . 
  salary range of job offers ? 
  20-35k czk/month gross . 
  monthly rent in prague ? 
  who will god forbid move to czechia for a job will make a grave mistake . 
  [ north sea empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_sea_empire ), 
  the only department of tesla which can compete with corresponding one from the companies representing german automotive industry is the marketing and communications department . 
  well , that 's quite clearly written . 
  the frequent omission in media of `` sklodowska '' part is intriguing . 
  working in romanian site but still hired by swedish subsidiary with swedish rights , salary , and benefits , obviously ? 
   compared to the austrians , napoleon was a godsend and compared to mongols ... and swedes ... and russians ... and germans ... actually napoleon was n't that bad at all . 
  you know how we call your president ? 
  how far are they going with intellectual gymnastics only to excuse their laziness . 
   sk\u0142odowoska it 's spelled skodo\u0142osk\u00e2, 
  ehem ... 
  the future nobel peace prize laureates - juncker , tusk , merkel , and on lower denominations anonymous faces of ethnical minorities - a gypsy , middle eastern looking , north african looking , etc. 
  lazy easterners and southerners just stay with their parents instead of taking on their fate - they do n't deserve holidays . 
  just remember to call your outsourcing center in eastern europe to make sure they arrived in the office on time today . 
  why would young greeks , croats , portugese , or italians need a week holiday away from home ? 
  they live in holiday destinations already . 
  swedes are very fond of cheap and obedient easteros - from ikea to it projects and it 's been going on for decades . 
  how is it a news ? 
  her wife used to be his husband . 
  i 'm afraid you do n't understand what a low paid job in eastern europe is and means , e.g. 
  agreeing for less pay does n't mean it 'll be less stressful - quite the opposite, 
  such job does n't pay for living , is hazardous for physical and mental health , gives no security ( hey , guess why almost no children are born here ? 
  ) , and the salary is even lower than unemployment benefits in any country west and north . 
  it 's not the kind of job which would make one free . 
  well , one does n't qualify for any support or even for registration , but still has to pay the bills and rent so one grabs whatever shitty job ( or rather contract ) is available ( [ * ehem * ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/thrillist/what-every-european-count_b_6140266.html ) ) - this explains their miserable salaries ... but yeah ... the numbers are good so everything is fine . 
  low unemployment is a lie in many countries , as sometimes it 's difficult to even register as an unemployed ( paperwork , opening hours etc ) , and to register as a foreigner ( even eu national ) - impossible . 
  seriously - as an eu citizen , in between of changing jobs ( or having a short break from employment ) , try registering as an unemployed in czech republic and let me know how it goes . 
  so after paying the rent ... how do you arrange the food ? 
  but the total salary costs are not much lower in countries like cz/pl ... the the gross/net slider is more on the employee side so one has an impression that the burden is low , but then the costs are shifted into the employers ' side . 
  the cheap things had sold out over here 3-5 years ago ... last time i asked in the bmw retail for a cheap car and they almost called the security ... 
  someone is * really * interested in pumping the prague 's property bubble into extreme ... no other industry is booming there . 
  regarding jobs there is very big rotation . 
  frequent hopping does n't necessary guarantee an improving situation - in the end it 's just an individual/professional against large corporations who are simply interested in having a low cost branch . 
  a professional executive !, 
  ... while i keep hearing about `` changing the sector/requalification '' and `` employees mobility '' . 
  `` business '' , whatever you mean by it , is not a nameless neutral natural force . 
  concidentally it profits economies of very specific countries . 
   it 's business ?!, 
  explain me , how can i hire former german chancellor ? 
  nothing dodgy , purely interested in his/her professional experience . 
  [ plc navy , almost non-existent , made sweden fuck off back to herring trading . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_oliwa ), 
   will fire up some porn today that is `` starring '' an eastern european woman who is visibly not into what is going on . 
  i would gladly see more western , northern , and mediterranean women in this genre .
