there was teutonic castle in the city from the 13th century , blown up in 1945 by germans . 
  \u266b \u266c is n't it ironic \u2669 \u266a, 
  there was just a group among them which decided to purse a higher goal and that the measures needed are of secondary importance , those actively distracting them in achieving the goal deserved the worse according to them, 
   must be something in those balearic waters ... looking at the biography from the article the surrounding environment is not so significant for achieving long life ... it 's more about lots of good luck , good genes , and staying active physically and intellectually . 
  bugger off mate ~ * polish expat in dk *, 
  in those with high level of trust it 's difficult to be `` one of them '' and being `` one of them '' requires particular sacrifices . 
  when my grandparents were beating those making nazi salute , they were beaten by germans as well . 
  it 's easy to condemn political symbols/gestures when they do n't represent any actual authority and power . 
  when they had , most succumbed . 
  beating someone for nazi salute ? 
  80 years too late . 
  now it 's just virtue signaling . 
  had there ever been any nazis in uk ? 
  that 's 83 years ahead . 
  i would like to see population prospects for the year 2017 from the year 1934  europeans are really creative , their elites and industries are really greedy , and shit happens . 
  just in case ... one never knows when one starts breaking `` the rules '', 
  there is only one white guy in this video ... and he gets hir in the head ... 
  +1 for poland to have sea border with germany , +2 for sea border with russia, 
  poortugal confirmed atlantic slavs . 
  but he is so nonchalant and cute when intoxinated ... 
  meanwhile in most of the eu the ratio `` total salary cost '' / `` net salary '' is approaching the magic number 2 . 
  riot when ? 
  you think the `` letting in only those fit '' was just an ali g joke ? 
  in fact it was inspired by secret communication of the czech intelligence . 
   so chinese , russians and older couples from western europe and us lol , services tailored for this audience will make the city center even more awful, 
  i can smell the fish even from here, 
  central europe spreading from britanny to hungary ? 
  this map is not even worth to baner, 
  funny that probably it is not . 
  the same as thousands of migrants in germany are `` not allowed '' to stay . 
  looking at current economical , demographic , and political situation in eu such not-allowed-but-happening-until-things-blow-up situations will be more and more common . 
  eastern european ( as in post-communist eu members ) emplyees are not mobile ?!, 
  are you fuckng kidding me ? 
  there was thos joke in poland - a conversation of two emplyers - * are you still paying to your emplyers ? 
  * - * no * - * me neither , are they still coming to the office ? 
  * - * yes * - * listen , what if we start charging them for he entrance ? 
  the quote is outrageous and infuriating, 
  will have to go through the bush first, 
  whoa ... sounds like eur 10-20 milion worth research topic for some specialized institution, 
  dowst it make me a true expat ? 
  pretty aurate actually . 
  de/a although oftentimes considered central they simply do n't want to be in the club with slavs/post-commies . 
  not sure about baltics in the north - they are just ... baltics . 
  what 's fucking wrong with these people ? 
  their communities ( and their countries of origin ) have very high sex ratio among the young population . 
  trashing women of their own kind , abusing women of other kinds . 
  if jogaila was so picky ... 
  pssst ... you guys wan na start commonwealth ? 
  vanity - the employed person can feel being better than `` white trash '' / `` those on benefits '' . 
  pity , and funny , that those on benefits do n't care . 
  hands off my girlfriend mate , that 's the last warning !, 
  that 's it reagrding their inspirations into nordic . 
  tourist bubble make everyone lazy to solve the real problems of the residents ( employment market , public transport , infrastructure , housing , etc ) . 
  have you even seen the zombie hotel-villages on the spanish coast outside of the season ? 
  that 's it for estonia and lithuania . 
  scandinavians have a long and dark history of eugenics and removing children from their parents . 
  while in case of e.g. 
  nazi germany these practices were widely publicized , scandinavians somehow managed to stay under the radar . 
  societal expectations towards women ? 
  you mean religious related ? 
  i wonder whether it will change before italians die off . 
  btw this `` phenomenon '' explains `` popularity '' of polish ( or eastern european in general ) women in italy . 
  fun fact : teenage pregnacy falls sharply for mother in their 20s . 
  local tradition ? 
  how jewish looking antique looks like ? 
  honestly most of the city-tenement-with-ornaments-around windows were already fake when they were originally built ( late 19th , early 20th century ) . 
  at that times there were already technologies and trends to build modern and clean buildings ( e.g. 
  skyscrapers in america , bauhaus in germany ) , it was just easier to just copycat and stay safe stylistic-wise . 
  maybe some from the warsaw 's libraries will be found , no ... wait ... they were all torched . 
  witchhunt . 
  applies to both - iraq , and germany . 
   that 's blatantly untrue . 
  25 % of the 2007-2013 budget was allocated onto innovation . 
  centrally planned innovation ? 
  this is not how innovation is funded in developed countries , this is not how it incubates , but surely the `` innovation '' kpis and indicators will soar and many meaningless `` innovation '' awards will be granted . 
  i have no idea what retarded outcome it will have and i do n't put much hope in it . 
  probably even more information boards . 
  rhen come over , stay , and let 's see our life length , smartass, 
  stress , unhealthy bad quality food , terrible public transport with no possibility to use bicycle --  everyone uses car , awful work/life balance , shit low paying jobs , in short - democracy , capitalism , and freedom . 
  salaries  this are never too low in poland . 
  yeah it 's all because they drink and smoke , totally . 
   statistically men in poland live 69,5 years , women live 78,1 . 
   retirement age for men is 65 , for women 60 . 
  this is fucking ridiculous . 
  we 've had retirement age inversely proportional to life length since ... always ? 
  this is the equality we need but which we do n't have . 
  it makes me think * why the fuck would i ever want to work in poland ? 
  complete and correct documentation has to be submitted , there are certain obligations once the project is completed , the investments are funded partially with debt . 
  there are no `` funded by eu '' freebies as someone uninformed and looking at this information boards might think . 
   most of the advantages we gain from poland ( workforce and markets ) brutal . 
  in case poland leaves eu , polish workforce would be even cheaper . 
  tempting , is n't it ? 
   catholic caliphate why such a hate ? 
  there is not such a thing as catholic caliphate . 
   so why waste your time in the eu when the future is so bright . 
  where did i say that the future of poland outside of eu is bright ? 
  i do n't like the posters so let 's leave the eu right now ?!, 
  hmm ... 
   wtf does this even mean ? 
  was there anyone to replace him as a head of po ?
