   do n't underestimate the impact on public opinion of a constant demonization of the eu . 
  this might have an impact . 
  people are fed up as well by the `` positive '' propaganda . 
  `` funded from eu funds '' posters and billboards are everywhere - almost as if nobody was paying taxes , just benevolent eu sponsoring everything . 
   `` there is a question mark over poland 's european future today , '' european council president donald tusk first the opposition tried to usurp `` constitution '' , `` democracy '' , now they say `` we are the eu '' . 
  it 's so cheap , herr donald . 
  poland is here to stay in eu , it might be bumpy , but we are in home . 
  poland is sending a convoy of coaches filled with butterflies to germany to pick up their tranche of migrants , only cute little girls are allowed . 
  til the alternative meaning of `` based '', 
  stealing from the shop or from the trash bins ? 
  they pulled them there and locked , or only locked ? 
  there is not a single righteous person on this video . 
  time to cover up your hair , ladies !, 
   prague doesnt become something like that , i want to live there for a bit you can take over my apartment with 20 % rent rise , 
  * i actively avoid any german speaking crowd in tourist spots , just in case they decide that the sidewalk under my feets somehow belongs to them . 
   from nigeria , pakistan , india , bangladesh etc brits have black/brown guilt because of their history and no one will dare to even indicate that the immigration from these destinations could be a reason of any problems . 
  one of he major things which completely turned me off about living in uk . 
  the most depressing and humiliating things us that there really was no alternative, 
  where are you planning to take the wood for luxuious furniture pieces then , germany/sweden ? 
  how come ? 
  misery of others is very poetic . 
  your greed for tourist bucks will turn your cities into theme parks . 
  in many cases it already has . 
  once it happens it 's very difficult for residents to come back as things are too expensive and over regulated . 
  are n't luxemburgians travelling to surrounding countries for groceries ? 
  clean place , good salaries , and stuff , but who can afford to live there ... 
  western people with wallet full of their home currency could have dick sucked for maybe 10 usd . 
  so much cheap labor . 
  think of the opportunities !, 
  sure they are . 
  except avoiding taxes , what can one do in luxembourg ? 
  do n't act like a smartass this is only an outsourcing center , you are fired !, 
  against loud sex or domestic violence ? 
  then an intervention is necesssary ? 
  you have to do something about the nazis , right ? 
  no , they won in germany . 
  those patterns on male sweaters are classic, 
  we are selling out everything ... what can not be sold we are closing !, 
  you will be poor and you will be poor an unemplyed !, 
  it makes people to vote for anyone who will make those assholes fuck off . 
  never . 
  eesti is okay . 
  as in * lebensraum * or as in * wohnzimmer * ? 
  the latter then, 
  bummer, 
  do n't tease the bully ? 
  in return we could send shoes leftover in the auschwitz , one by one , with the note `` send more , there are piles left '' . 
  do n't bother , eesti is tradionally trying to be relevant, 
  you are either gloriously uninformed or actively malicious . 
  in many cases the properly was just a pile of rubble in need of immediate reconstruction . 
  [ here is a good publication on polish involvement in the holocaust ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:the_mass_extermination_of_jews_in_german_occupied.pdf ), 
  you have some very old fashioned , knighthood-like ( teutonic ? ), 
  idea of what winning and losing means . 
  if money , freedom , and reputation were at stake then germany won the wwii . 
  hitler won . 
  what happened with the jewish property after the war ? 
  poles were exterminating the jews ? 
  brutal . 
  prussian-brutal . 
  swedish-obnoxious-bully drunk . 
  how come ? 
  that 's some twisted logic , if there 's any . 
   germany gets danzig , schliesen and all flawless german , we can not return * schliesen * , but can give back * scheissen * . 
  tusk is not the eu . 
  this thread is not about slavery in america . 
  i 'm not sure i understand correctly - an old age , monthly pension ( drawn from german pension fund ) for the forced labor under german occupation during wwii ? 
  german nazi death camps and concentration camps run during wwii were extremely profitable . 
  gold mines . 
  we 'll going to sqat here until you 'll send your special armored units . 
  like in the good old days . 
  predatory invoicing , public broadcasting fee , copyright trolling , service providers sending any litigation straight to the debt collection ? 
  while living in germany , one has to make proactive measures to avoid and hide from these . 
  in germany it works differently - one is receiving bullying letters with threats . 
   draws a pension from germany  three years of forced farmwork she is an exception , personally i do n't know of any person from generation of my grandparents receiving any compensation for slave labor in the industry and agriculture . 
  we can pay you an average czech salary times the population of czechia so in total around czk 241 . 
  how familiar are europeans with genocides conducted outside of the european theater ? 
  historical facts are boring and disappointing . 
  people like to think that economic and industrial growth are absolute values worth any sacrifice . 
  the rental rights are too favorable for tenants , sorry . 
  former nazis were rehabilitated and rehired in the propaganda and intelligence after the wwii . 
  maintaining reputable opinion of poland and poles in germany and in the world were the least of their priorities for them . 
   there is no privacy . 
  so it 's like living in uk or germany ? 
   power-tripping leader like awesome-poland ... 
  he is so cute and disregards conventions , almost like any other person , like me or you . 
  do you want to see picture of him with cat ? 
  or some casual facts from his private life ? 
  my favorite is on the calais-dover ferry : `` throw nothing into the sea '' . 
  yeah tell me more how your monarchies are going . 
  it 's so fascinating ... / s, 
   they do n't have a problem with ukrainians or germans we can accept germans as cheap workers , peferably cheaper then ukrainians . 
  their women are welcome to work in polish red light districts once we legalize prostitution . 
  i suspect they are nothing but neo-fascist right-wing nationalist xenophobic anti-immigrants . 
   right-wing nationalist party that 's rich , just one step close to the n word  a man held a pistol to the back of a vietnamese man pistol in poland ?!, 
   he is considering moving to another country if it does not stop . 
  just leave . 
  this is what millions of poles hear , they have left , and no one gives a damn . 
   the neo-fascist group `` national radical camp '' ( onr )  poland 's ruling right-wing nationalist `` law and justice '' damn , these neo-fascist right-wing nationalist xenophobic anti-immigrants !, 
  you realise you do n't make any sense ? 
  unfortunately it 's just an uprising-themed cheap action movie with silly acting , although with many historical inspirations ( e.g.
