geopolitics , economy and history are all part of the reason and provide justification , but i think the main cause for this belligerence is because putin simply wants to make it clear to the world and his own people that russia is back in action . 
  a dictator needs war and enemies to keep his populace together , especially during poor economic times . 
  remember that the russian government sees ukraine as a part of their sphere of influence , much like south america is viewed by the us as their own back yard . 
  also consider the fresh words of merkel , claiming putin to be ` in his own world ' . 
  this is nothing less than a return to the old rivalry of the cold war days , only now russia is governed by a narcissistic strong man with a nationalistic flair instead of mostly rational and respectful commie administrators . 
  interesting analysis . 
  russia has been doing poorly economically besides their gas exports so it makes sense that they want to secure their prime source of income . 
  it seems like russia has been planning this for quite some time too . 
  i think they 're also building image here , being all belligerent right after the olympics while the eyes of the world is still upon them . 
  just note how quickly they started that military exercise ( read : military mobilization ) on ukraine 's borders . 
  that takes months of planning and preparation , not days . 
   just for attention ? 
  pretty much , he 's one of those types . 
  it 's not a part of his sentence , it 's for his own safety . 
  there are some types of criminals that inmates in prison wo n't tolerate , and child-murderers are one of them . 
  so it 's kind of a catch-22 . 
  do you let him loose in general population and risk something happening to him , or do you keep him in solitary and risk him developing isolation damage ? 
   sven bertil blomqvist fix 'd, 
  dear norway . 
  thanks for having me being born a norwegian , your skiing opportunities are great . 
  sincerely a norwegian . 
   confiscating jewelry is bloody stupid in comparison . 
  it 'll serve no purpose except generate bad press . 
  of course it would attract reactions , but i think the comparisons to nazism and the like is way over the top . 
  laws like this are written to scare off potential migrants , which is understandable considering small nations like denmark can only handle a certain degree of immigrating people . 
  the asylum process is an extra burden for a nation , and asylum seekers should be expected to carry some of the load . 
  especially considering they are given due process and not thrown back across the border . 
   as this will include stuff like wedding rings , family heirlooms and memorabilia of recently deceased relatives . 
  no , that 's false . 
  this is what i meant by misinformation and false reporting . 
  denmark will not confiscate objects of affection value . 
  like heirlooms , wedding rings and such . 
  apparently a politician of the opposition provided false information about this law in an interview back when this started to blow up in the media , and the misinformation spread from there . 
  if asylum seekers does have non-essential assets and valuables , they should be expected to pay for services just like everyone else . 
  this issue was just brought up on a debate show here in norway , which gave some fresh perspectives and information . 
  norway does n't directly confiscate their assets , we only demand that they pay out of their own pockets until their assets dips below 5000 crowns . 
  similar laws are in place across europe . 
  denmark however is being attacked because of false information regarding the new law , making it appear to the world that it 's far more insidious than it actually is . 
  for example objects with affection value wo n't get confiscated . 
  well norway is very reliant on resource exports like fish , minerals/metals and oil/gas , while eu countries are mainly industry and service economies . 
  the fear is that we 'd loose control over our national interests as we 'd stand alone on alot of issues within the union . 
  i 'm not necessarily opposed to joining myself , but as things stands today i think it would be a mistake . 
  though i am indeed a federalist sympathizer . 
  seriously ? 
  so the destabilization of the middle east and the migrants , as a direct consequence of irresponsible us intervention , is a safer option than some backwater dictator ? 
  perhaps now would be a great time for us to stop relying so much on the weirdos across the pond , and instead focus on how we can counter russia as a unified europe ? 
   northern denmark hah no . 
  we do n't even have potatoes stuck in our throats . 
  sweat , constant need of water , light-headedness , sunburns , heat is an uncomfortable thing . 
  but weather is n't a direct cause . 
  cold and dark winters are fine , as long as you drink your coffee . 
  well we are already bombing kids in raqqa . 
  that 's not the point he 's making . 
  it 's about what kind of attitude the mass murderers have when going into it . 
  there 's a world of difference between wanting to go out with a vengeance and wanting to cause maximum damage were it hurts . 
  the munich killer was n't politically motivated , so the pressure to kill is less about other people than the killer himself . 
  when it comes to political or religiously motivated murder , the act is more about causing harm to the victims than vindicating yourself , so naturally these types of people will prepare accordingly . 
  at least that 's how i view it . 
  that 's just a fancy way of saying that you 're staying , denmark . 
  yes . 
  does this mean that the uk is now without any clear leaders ? 
  tories looks really headless right now and corbyn is dealing with rebellion in labour . 
  the fisheries and agriculture are the main reasons yeah , along with the fact that the word ` union ' brings up bad memories for us . 
  :p there 's also the fact that norway is very reliant on resource exports and not products and services like most of the eu . 
  i 'd think if norway joined the union , we could find ourself fending alone on certain issues because of that . 
  i 'm not sure it 's just hunting weapons that we see in that map . 
  according to friend of mine who grew up out in the countryside most people there are actual gun-nuts , himself included . 
  pretty anecdotal , but i would n't be surprised if this is common across norway tbh . 
   does n't change the fact that sweden has an appalling rate of sexual violence ... that 's exactly the myth i tried to dispel with my comment . 
  perhaps you should read it one more time ? 
  the comparative statistics are n't reliable because of different rape definitions and information gathering in different countries . 
  you 're not demonstrating why the statistics you post are reliable . 
  you even copied this post as an answer to a guy above my comment - . -, 
  the viking resemblance was why we kept it . 
  that and we were worried about their pool of recruits and connections . 
  there was talk about removing its horns though . 
  now , all posts here are basically `` russia needs to stfu '' . 
  never-mind the general strategical course norway has taken since we joined in founding nato . 
  we do n't want beef with anyone . 
  all we want is being stable allies to our friends and not piss off the neighbors . 
  as a norwegian voter i 'd vote against any major military placement , which a missile defense in fact is , on our sovereign soil . 
  we 've shared a border in peace with the russians for a millenia , and while i do see them as an antagonistic force in europe i see no reason why we should change and escalate the situation further . 
  how does it feel to be the laughing stock of europe ? 
  teamwork , discipline , physical exercise , friends and memories for life ? 
  yeah , useless for their development ... / s, 
  you do get free housing and food , as well as a daily allowance in most cases . 
  you also learn a lot of general skills like team-work , discipline , maybe leadership etc , and the army is a worthwhile career-path as well . 
  the one year out of your life is not exactly wasted . 
  is it ? 
  being a part of a country entails privileges and duties . 
  one of the duties is paying taxes , conscription can be seen as another . 
  a testicle maybe ? 
  no ski-jump hill looming over the city 0/10 try better next time , sincerely oslo . 
  rasist-h\u00f8l = racist cesspool . 
  the vid 's translation is n't all that great . 
  kinda funny they keep insisting on their own election , when this move was not what they were elected for right ? 
  they sounds like scumbags tbh . 
  beyond the protests , is there any data on what 's the majority view of the situation is in romania ? 
  yep . 
  this is all-or-nothing for them .
