  it 's not new , eastern europe is n't glorifying and continueing nazi traditions . 
  they do n't want terrorists in their lands and they prefer their own people , that 's just common sense really . 
   your justification honestly is just weak as fuck : they wanted to come in the eu , and when you 're in the eu you abide eu rules and eu rules expect all member states to participate . 
  but that 's simply not true . 
  example , eu nations must have the same foreign oriented properties . 
  like for example sanctions on russia . 
  and yet eu is split on kosovo issue ? 
  5 have n't recognized it . 
  why ? 
  it hurts their own nation . 
  just like taking in terrorists would hurt eastern european nations . 
  or for example nordstream 2 gas delivery . 
  germany has no problem making that , despite the whole fuck russia attitude , but 's only only for germany . 
  but canceling south stream is completely okay , because lmao we have sanctions against russia . 
  we must act tough and not do business with them . 
  no double standards there either am i right ? 
   then they could have never joined or could as well exit now , joining works both way . 
  eu also wanted them to join , and negotiated with them . 
  you snatched them away from russian sphere of influence , call it a safeguard , you ca n't put a money value on that . 
  you act more like a racist than most of ee . 
  simply because they do n't want to accept terrorist and the liberal drivel , they 're the intolerant ones . 
  why ca n't you accept that some nations might hold a different opinion than your own and that your own opinion maybe is n't the right one ? 
  and ask yourself whether you really want them to leave ? 
  do you think eu would allow them to leave ? 
  now ? 
  of course not . 
   mostly , i advocate for more education yeah i 'm sure they did n't know they should n't drink and drive , that needs to be taught . 
   it is pointless to increase the penalties no it 's not , ca n't drink and drive in jail . 
   totally serious . 
  populism runs counter to the rule of law , and - under the pretence of `` national emergence '' - erodes everything worthwhile about our very civilizations . 
  see also : orban , erdogan , putin . 
  it is not necessarily an instantaneous process , and it can be reversed ; but it is a deadly one for democracies if allowed to proceed unimpeded . 
  last i checked , hungary has courts , is n't a police state , and there 's no death penalty . 
  russia and turkey are corrupt to the bone . 
  you ca n't compare them at all . 
  it has nothing to do with populism ( unless you 're trying to state that to become an islamic republic like iran , is what turkish people really want ? ), 
   dead is dead is dead . 
  no it 's not . 
  there is such a thing as an accident , violent death by accident . 
  there is such a thing as a premeditated , planned , mass killing of people . 
  there is literally not a single thing that is similar between these two . 
  even now we punish murderers more harshly for premeditated and planned murders . 
  because it is worse . 
  equating drunk driving to terrorism is moronic . 
  you know he 's a drunk driver probably , and there is no way you 're ever going to convince me that you do n't advocate for harsher sentence for drunk drivers . 
   but you do n't see me advocating for a police state , the abolition of due process , or the introduction of the death penalty for unsafe drivers , do you ? 
  aha , yes , because voting in someone like that would totally change everything in a police state , abolish courts and introduce the death penalty ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i do n't see how czech republic is a police state . 
  there 's no death penalty in poland . 
  and your post is so far off any kind of point ... 
  there is nothing similar with drunk driving and terrorism . 
  drunk drivers are n't getting funded or supported by a religion or certain states to go commit drunk driving hit and runs . 
  you 're basically stating , everybody dies anyway , so what 's the reason for caring in what way they die . 
  what 's the reason for caring for our safety ? 
  none you 'll do anyway . 
  but that 's the exact reason they have that stance . 
  they do n't want to live that problem , so they have that stance . 
  and by virtue of that , they 're not living that problem , are they ? 
  yeah , say that to people who lost someone . 
  see how it goes . 
  nope , this is in \u0160abac, 
   the curbs on this race track used to be super dangerous . 
  well ... 
  it is named grobnik ... 
  that 's actually goddamn awesome . 
  i mean the idea is . 
  currently looks like shit , but man , potential is amazing . 
  not soviet built , but ours look pretty nice and they 're hardly well taken care of . 
  ( well some care sure , but hardly much ) https://i.imgur.com/bqxfqgn.jpg, 
  they were supposed to be temporary housing projects , and were treated as such . 
  that 's the original idea behind them . 
  some were pretty at the start , those built in stalin times could be quite nice and usually better quality ( for the time at least ), 
  you know it janez , 
  ah i see your point . 
  that would make a horrible place for a sea . 
  oh i don '' t know , i 'd flood vojvodina to get a sea , seems like a fair trade . 
  sure the ecosystem gets fucked for a while , but hey , eu would donate money to fix it . 
   when ussr collapsed project was thankfully abandoned thankfully ? 
  what , do n't you want to have a sea near you ? 
  right ... implying both of them do n't dance to the tune of vucic . 
  they 'll do whatever they 're told and and that means splitting the power . 
  it makes sense really to weaken the prime ministers position . 
  most competent based on what ? 
  her entire political career has been 1 year . 
  1 year !, 
  she went from nobody to minister to prime minister in one year . 
  yeah she basically brought us back from ruin single-handedly and her success skyrocketed . 
  you act like we do n't know we 're not a democracy . 
  we know . 
  it 's fine . 
  because it is shady . 
  in other countries such progressive leaders win the popular vote , and get elected by the votes of the people . 
  she literally has 0 votes . 
  she is not a member of any party , she has not had any kind of a political campaign , there were no elections ... she 's there by the will of one person , and that is vucic . 
  and the only reason he left being a prime minister was so he can become a president to change the constitution so he can become a king . 
  and then later we will have a crowning ceremony . 
  but he needs a nice puppet who will do what he she 's told . 
  and for example , hard working ? 
  strong ?
