  who said anything about beating them up ? 
  i only spoke of fuck off or fit in rule ie  in russia we do n't like gays , so if you have a problem with it , leave russia . 
  why is this a wrong version of fuck off or fit in rule , but the one that he proposes is right ? 
  you just basically have proven my point . 
  that 's not how the world works . 
  most of the people hold all of us accountable , despite knowing nothing of it , which you just proved . 
  also i do not believe i 'm wrong in saying a majority of muslims are opposed to gay people . 
  that 's just the way it works . 
  or that the majority of serbs are opposed to muslims . 
  or poles to muslims . 
  whether you like it or not , or it offends your refined tastes , that 's just a fact of life . 
   my main hope for the eu and ukraine is that the eu will use economic incentives to convince ukraine 's govt to do sth about the corruption and remove corrupt officials from power . 
  oh you are so naive and idealistic volodya . 
  in serbia eu praises and supports the leader under which corruption and corrupt officials are stronger than ever . 
  in fact he 's a mini-erdrogan/mini-putin , since he was the prime minister and is now a president and a prime minister is his puppet . 
  but yeah . 
  eu does n't have the best interests of ukraine/serbia at heart , but of the eu . 
  edit : lmao , i love how this is downvoted , by the same people who upvoted the protests against vucic to the front page . 
  when he 's supported by the eu , he 's not a bad guy anymore  how nice . 
  for him . 
  would you agree to be in a union with russia 20 years from now ? 
  does n't seem tempting does it ? 
  up until 2008 they screwed us on every turn they could . 
  with friends like that ... not to mention that the eu does n't really want us ( at least their population ) , nor you to be quite honest . 
  why should we wish to be a part of this then ? 
  everytime we stand up for ourselves we 'd get accussed of being russian spies/trojan horse whatever . 
  while back in the real world , russia actually has 0 influence on politics in serbia and ca n't really threaten us in any way . 
  historically , unions never ended well for serbia or serbs . 
  add croats and slovenes in the mix and ... it 's not gon na end well for sure . 
  unlike ukraine , i wo n't give up my countries territorial integrity and heritage for a bit of a better life . 
  we lived better , we lived worse , things will change . 
  they always do , eu or not . 
  and mostly , all the polls show that majority of population does n't want to join . 
   according to a political analyst for the open society european policy institute european , only 43 per cent of people in serbia want to join the eu and that 's according to pro-eu sources . 
  would it give us a bit more money , a bit better economy , bit better standard of life ? 
  yes . 
  nobody has illusions about that here , everyone accepts that life in eu would be economically better . 
  however i/we wo n't sells out the things we believe in for a bit of a better life . 
  well this wo n't really give you an accurate results for it . 
  i 'm against my country in eu , but i 'm not against eu itself , you guys if you like it , i have nothing against a strong european union , enjoy yourself in it all you want . 
  you really need to do a poll to conclude this sub is pro-eu ? 
  like really ? 
  there is nothing unusual in it for muslims . 
  it 's pretty much reality . 
  we just did have an article on frontpage about muslims in a refugee camp beating up a gay couple in germany yes ? 
   lehmann 's book tells the story of lithuanian and polish jews in the 14th century , focusing on a jewish man named avraam yuzefovich , who adopts catholicism in order to take a position as royal treasurer . 
   jewish man named avraam yuzefovich , who adopts catholicism in order to take a position as royal treasurer . 
  well ... ... ... ... . . 
  i guess you can say the book promotes a certain stereotype ? 
  of course not . 
  try to run such a campaign in any european country and you 'll get slap sanctioned and bitch slapped until you comply . 
  not to mention demonized as fuck . 
  it 's only one side trying to impose their agenda on everyone else . 
  ( between native europeans at least , discounting the new europeans ), 
  serbia , not a drop of drought in our country . 
  god is truly one of us . 
  can fit in or fuck off work both ways though ? 
  say can russia say the same to gay people , and it not be counted as discrimination ? 
  or is it simply you believe that your liberal `` western '' values are the correct one and ones that everyone needs to bow to and follow ? 
  because that 's quite literally exactly the same as they ( muslims ) think . 
  so fit in or fuck off either works both ways or you 're a hypocrite . 
  in countries that majority is opposed to gay people , gay people should fuck right off or fit in . 
  except there are no pros to pick ee over china china already has the infrastructure for developing anything like that . 
  ee even if closer , does n't have it . 
  wages when china was without such infrastructure and needed to build it were 1 $ a day or some shit . 
  do you think ee would allow such wages for workers ? 
  even though they have no infrastructure to speak of ? 
  of course not . 
  so ee has no infrastructure and higher wages or on par with china with infrastructure , and ee wo n't lower wages to be below chinese so they can get the infrastructure built . 
  in fact they 'd want higher wages , with no infrastructure . 
  you 'd have to be an idiot to take that deal . 
  transportation of big supplies by boat is extremely cheap . 
  what 's the solution to ee having their own companies and designing and selling their own stuff and building their own infrastructure ? 
  much stricter monopoly laws and tax evasion laws . 
  but man , ai n't nobody touching the big corporations , no way . 
  you can either tk them or kill them by picking terrorists . 
  gsg-9 are germs . 
  huh , i wonder how long it will take us to adopt this . 
  sure but russia must n't get involved in a civil war in ukraine . 
  not officially , in any way . 
  they learned that by seeing what we did . 
  they 'd lose support of the rebels , not of the world . 
  which is what matters more to them . 
   it would probably be popular among the people of dnr . 
  the people of donbass do n't want to see war criminals go free either , as those war criminals are likely to loot locals and beat people up nah , everyone celebrates their fighters , war criminals or not . 
  it does n't matter . 
   the only people who it might not be popular among are the militants of dnr . 
  the most important ones . 
   but honestly this pr move actually benefits dnr 's reputation too , by showing them as an entity that 's beginning to act like a real country - holding criminals responsible for their acts , paying reparations when necessary . 
  that 's not how a real country acts . 
  they look to their own interests first and foremost nothing else . 
  honor , responsibility ... made up words . 
   i do n't want war for sure . 
  real life war is n't fun . 
  hey you do n't have to tell me , i grew up in it . 
  but the world in which nothing is happening is a stagnating one , which is not good . 
  simply because media focuses on trump intentionally and make scandals since that sells . 
  apparently trump sells better than sex . 
  like the other day , a `` scandal '' with trump for saying the first lady of france is in good form . 
  that 's a scandal and it sells .
