  we 're the most split nation in europe . 
  at least in bosnia it 's understandable because you have a clear split serbs/croats/muslims , here everything is who knows what . 
  yes that is still the case . 
  but the data used for these studies was from universities . 
  though i suppose if data from conscription was used the results should be pretty much the same , considering the random picking there and both are usually around the same age . 
  but you have to be an approved researcher in order to view this data , either from conscription or university . 
  going around and measuring random people ? 
  but there is a mandatory medical exam every 2 years in both high school and university in my country ( serbia ) called a systematic exam ( sistematski pregled ) . 
  everything is checked in these exams , height , weight , blood sample , urine sample , teeth ... you get the idea . 
  universities are a good source of random people . 
   do all students actually go for an accurate medical exam or something where they 're measured by people who really care about the accuracy ? 
  yes , actually . 
  there is a medical exam in university every 2 years , called a systematic exam ( just translating here ) in which you get your height taken , your weight taken , your blood sample , urine sample , check teeth , everything . 
  i do not know about other universities but the one i went to , you at weight and height are only left in pants and socks , everything else you take off . 
  in high school the procedure was the same . 
  so they do take it rather seriously and do n't go `` meh , close enough '' i do not know whether such things are done in other countries or how rigorously , but here from my experience and my friends and classmates , pretty much everywhere is like i described . 
  either way this way is more accurate than any kind of self-reported study . 
  plenty of studies shows that people see themselves as taller and would rate themselves as more attractive rather than less . 
  riga in some parts of serbia and well you know others parts , means to throw up , no idea how that slang came to be . 
  are you guys good at it ? 
  yeah also there is a reason why selling them to saudi arabia is fine , but selling them to states which would use it defensively are n't . 
  it 's not about morals it never was , only profit . 
   i 'm doing no such thing . 
  i said they do n't stand out as more humane compared to their contemporaries . 
  you never said that . 
  and they do stand out as a hell of a lot more human than their contemporaries . 
   speaking of civilized , i 'd appreciate it if you strove for your comments to be that , too , rather than calling people idiotic because you did n't read their comments properly . 
  rather not . 
  i call out idiocy where i see it . 
  which was all very civilized for their time . 
  it was the standard of the old world . 
  you 're comparing them to todays world which is idiotic . 
  compared to their own contemporaries , they were far above anyone , civilized , advanced , tolerant . 
  in africa and asia such warfare occurs even today in some places among some tribes . 
  were they brutal and unscrupulous ? 
  yes . 
  they were an empire . 
  do you know any state that managed to be strong and expand greatly , to be advanced without being brutal and unscrupulous ? 
  of course not . 
  unlike in most of the world , people in rome had the option to advance in their life , even slaves . 
  most of other states at the time , allowed no such thing , especially for a slave . 
  and that makes my point invalid how ? 
  russians are slavs . 
  excuse me ? 
  unlike you , i do n't denounce the murders of others and mark them as insignificant . 
  as a part of total population , slavs lost less true . 
  but in total more slavs died , and we should n't look at the percentage , but total , because each life matters . 
  what you 're saying is `` well there was already so much of the slavs , it 's okay to kill millions of you , no biggie , but not so much jews , so that 's not okay '' both are disgusting . 
  because you 're russian and his estonian . 
  what exactly is confusing here for you ? 
  no killing and exiling serbs is okay , it 's the international consensus . 
  please keep up . 
  except that 's exactly what happened ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost slavs were the less race , just alongside jews and gypsies and others . 
   debatable whether it 's a successor state but it 's not that important because i 'm sure the communists in charge of the new country did n't consider it as such . 
  the communists exactly regarded it as such . 
  and it was made as a democratic and legal successor of the kingdom of yugoslavia . 
  i do n't think you understand what that means , it did n't have to have the same politics or anything the same as the old state , just that it 's the continuation of that state , which it was , for example it took over it 's embassies and it 's international recognition by accepting the deal with the international community and yugoslav government in exile . 
   it was croatian as well . 
  started by , wait for it , kph . 
  so where the chetniks as well . 
  it had croatian members and it was started by the only recognized yugoslav government . 
   croatian partisans appeared in 1941 no . 
  serbian partisans in croatia appeared in 1941 . 
  as in 1941 they were 77 % of the partisans and 30 % of the population , while croats were a small minority . 
  so in no sense was in a croatian army except that they fought in geographical region of croatia . 
  so no , not croatian . 
   and because croatia was n't a federal republic in kingdom of yugoslavia it was sort of . 
  croatian banovina was a much better deal than you got from the nazis and you were still butthurt about it . 
  it was the only such entity in fucking kingdom of yugoslavia  nor is the fnrj successor of the kingdom . 
  it exactly is . 
  tito and fnrj/sfrj accepted the king and made a treaty which put the communist in power and as the government . 
  also promised to let the king return ( not as a leader ) but went back on that part . 
  plenty does , but whatever . 
  and all sides did it , but whatever . 
  i literally linked some of the examples , not like you 'll read them though . 
   nope . 
  croats started massively joining novj in 1943 . 
  again , when it was obvious that german loss was a matter of time . 
  it changes nothing . 
  italy fell , croats joined novj  that army was both croatian , serbian , slovenian etc. 
  we certainly can consider it , since if croatia is the legal successor of democratic federal croatia as part of yugoslavia , then surely its army , state institutions and such were croatian as well . 
  i consider the jna as a croatian army too , until 1990 . 
  then until 1943 you must also accept chetniks as croatian army too . 
  since they were the only legally recognized government and had some bosnian/croatian members . 
  and were actually the yugoslav army in homeland , officially . 
  do you see why this reasoning is ridiculous now ? 
  it 's sad to be honest . 
  the slavs were by far most of civilian casualties in ww ii , but the jews get all the sympathy . 
  you just need to make it a political thing not a factual one , and boom this will also been seen like a genocide , 
   no , zavnoh in 1943 created a croatian state , which modern republic is a direct , legal successor of . 
  wrong . 
  it happened in 1944 . 
  in may , when german defeat was obvious and imminent and you ran away from german and ustase armies like rats from a sinking ship . 
   the third session occurred on may 8 and may 9 , 1944 in topusko , and was sometimes referred to as the sabor u topuskom ( `` assembly in topusko '' ) . 
  the third session of zavnoh formally formed the federal state of croatia . 
  before that there can be no talk of any two croatian states . 
  and after that the state was in no way independent to talk about `` croatian '' army , only of yugoslav one . 
   it was a national liberation army of all peoples and nations of federal yugoslavia of which croatia was an integral part , with own state organs ( zavnoh ) . 
  this it was a croatian army too , it was even reflected in the slogans .
