  if it 's smuggling people they have the right to arrest them and put them in jail and impound their equipment . 
  at the end un is a corrupt and useless organization that serves for nothing in the world and whose approval is meaningless , unsc support or not . 
   speaking to reporters on friday ( 7 june ) before the g20 summit started , tusk said that asset freezes and travel bans because all the ngos that smuggle people are registered and absolutely love to travel to russia right ? 
  find two of them based in russia , that travel to russia or financed by russia oh you ca n't ? 
  so why the fuck does eu need russia to ban them if they do n't use russia for any of that stuff ? 
  what good it will do , except show solidarity ? 
  nothing . 
  i wish you had reading comprehension, 
  we do n't deal in blackmail . 
  kosovo is ours so we pay our debts , that 's all there is to it . 
  i feel like the more important question here is why the fuck does eu need cooperation from russia and china to achieve this ? 
  migrants are smuggled through mediterranean by companies registered ( ngos ) in western countries , mostly by people from africa or western countries . 
  mediterranean is being patrolled by eu/nato vessels and is pretty much under the complete control of both . 
  so what exactly do russia ( and china ) have to offer in support to stop the smuggling ? 
  really what ? 
  this is just another eu excuse as to why they 're not stopping it , nothing else . 
  russia and china do n't have anything to offer about this , no intelligence that west does n't have access too , they do n't patrol the mediterranean , the ngos are n't registered or based in their countries ... 
  so what does g20 want from china and russia and why is their help vital to this project ? 
  the truth ? 
  it 's not . 
  they 're just using it as an excuse to not do anything . 
  benefit ? 
  why does there need to be one ? 
  eu works against russia and russian interests , russia works against eu and it 's interests . 
  or what , you expected russia to support every eu initiative that benefits the eu , while being under sanctions from the eu ? 
  when will you people learn that there is one set of rules for the germs , and another for everyone else ? 
  the current `` legitimate '' parliament of libya has about as much legitimacy as water that claims it is n't wet . 
  their current official army is deeply corrupt and their parliament is n't even in the control of it , but an agent of the cia is , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khalifa_haftar whether you like it or not , there is nobody that is legitimate in libya . 
  tobruk government does the same crimes as gaddafi , except they 're no more televised in the news . 
  pick one faction and support it and bring it into the power , so they fix this , i do n't even care which one . 
  but pretending that there is legitimate anything and picking based on that in libya right now is bullshit ,, 
   we do have the technology to firebomb all of libya why does your mind immediately jump to genocide ? 
  why do you think that 's the only solution to this issue ? 
  this did n't happen under gaddafi did it ? 
  reinstate another leader like that , support him , and voila it stopped . 
  or you know , do n't take hilary clintons advice on what to do in the first place , because she destroys everything she touches . 
  i was n't being hostile i honestly did not understand what you were asking , whether you meant saying that in any way ( which is not , since it 's kinda cringy ) or really believing that russians are our biggest friends . 
  first one is not , the second one is true . 
  understandable , just meant it would be very odd to include them but not kazakhstan or belarus or vatican . 
  if they 're all getting included that 's fine . 
  i do n't know about splitting the regions in euro/non-euro regions though , seems strange to do so , represent one half someones country and other half do n't . 
  then so is kazakhstan . 
  and is vatican city . 
  they 're also not included . 
  but apparently they 're less european than azerbaijan , so we can tolerate it . 
  got ta love the humour . 
  i 'm sure someone at rt is getting a raise for this . 
  then you should n't be using council of europe since it includes some non-european states and does n't include all states from europe . 
   many think it is politicised anybody who does n't think that , needs to check themselves in a mental hospital . 
  man saying such things will get you banned . 
   genocide denial continues to be used by ultranationalists of every flavour to curry support . 
   if some guy swaggers in sounding confident and tells you that it did n't happen/it happened but they died by accident/it happened but the numbers have been exaggerated by aha , and today i learned that apparently commander of unoprofor and un civilians affairs coordinator , and plenty of others who deny the genocide are actually serbian ultranationalists and some guys who just swagger in and recruit serbs for ?!? 
  reason unknown yet . 
  what is your question here ? 
  saying that stuff is pretty uncommon , thinking it , or supporting russia however is pretty uncommon . 
  ( except saying stuff about slavic brotherhood , that 's pretty common , but not just for russians ) there 's a reason that every poll shows that we think our biggest friend is russia , and by a large margin . 
  you people really need to start to learn to read . 
  i am clearly speaking about communists in serbia not destroying serbian culture , unlike the ones in russia or russian satellite states . 
  and that 's some idiocy claiming russia had no culture prior to the soviets ... 
  i mean let 's ignore all the writers , composers , artists ... 
  their coca-cola tastes better than serbian one . 
  cool money too . 
  belarussians tend to make great developers . 
  so , you see , we even share the same feelings . 
  we also do n't like nato at all . 
   i 'd honestly say it 's probably the best case scenario for both sides if ukraine joins nato and eu , and russia gets crimea and the war in donbass stops . 
  and what happens in 15-20 years when the economy in ukraine does n't get much better , and you realise you traded away crimea for nothing ? 
   we kinda of all realise that russia wo n't give crimea back anyway for now . 
  nothing is forever , crimea was n't always a part of ukraine , nor was it always a part of russia . 
  times change , maybe russian power will drop eventually , maybe they 'll stop caring for it . 
  you can not know what will happen . 
  you can either accept your defeat , or roll the dice on the future . 
  and well if ukrainians are like us any tiny bit , they 'll never accept crimea as a part of russia . 
   people go to referendum and vote overwhelmingly for nato . 
  it 's a pipe dream , people would never give up a part of their territory willingly to join an organization . 
  go make a poll in ukraine , trade crimea for nato + eu membership , you 'll get 90 % rejection rate , just like in serbia with trading kosovo for it . 
  you might not have any national loyalty , does n't mean the rest of your countrymen do n't . 
  otherwise you would n't fight for it . 
   not in german disappointed to be quite honest here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ua1wb-fovq, 
  they support us in the international disputes , started investing in us pretty heavily lately , we 're now one of only few nations in the world to have visa-free travel to china , they were n't offended when our president called them yellow people ... 
  well good thing we 're not europe then . 
   mutual respect and friendship are just subjective words that do n't mean much . 
  well not to the bulgarians . 
  because the west wants something from serbia . 
  they expect us to sell ourselves out for money . 
   yes , there is . 
  it 's funny to hear this from a serb . 
  the crimean annexation is similar to kosovo except much worse . 
  i guess if albania annexed some serbian land now there would be nothing wrong with that ? 
  but ... they literally did annex some serbian lands have they not ? 
  the west opened this pandoras box , now play in it , 
  i made you a list of thing . 
  first and chief among them is mutual respect and friendship . 
  more valuable than any money . 
  they can recognize kosovo right now if they wanted to . 
   a few years before 2014 russians considered ukraine one of their top allies , what makes you think your relations are more sincere ? 
  yeah and we never though montenegro would join nato , does that mean our relationship was n't sincere ? 
  of course not . 
  though to be honest they probably still would n't if it was up to the population and not just the will of milo . 
   for real ?
