  the fuck mate ? 
  there were no turks before or after yugoslavia ( first or second ) . 
  we might call bosnians turks if they 're muslim , but that 's more like slang/insult/whatever depending on how friendly you are with the person , but the truth is they have nothing to do with the turks , they 're slavs just like the rest of us . 
  unlike in bulgaria there was never any mass settlement of turks in former yugoslav regions , and those little they did left when we become independent . 
  protest in saratov in front of the `` workers of the world , unite '' monument . 
  made me laugh . 
  it 's fine , i do n't doubt the authenticity of it or that the russian top is corrupt as fuck . 
  just saying navalny will bring the world a step closer to war , more so than putin . 
  i 'm holding them to the same standard . 
  you got it the other way around . 
  putin as much as it it 's unbelievable is the calmer , more peaceful solution of those two . 
  navalny for example during the war with georgia advocated to  in 2008 during the russo-georgian war , navalny called georgians `` rodents '' ( russian : \u0433\u0440\u044b\u0437\u0443\u043d\u044b ) and called for imposing of a complete blockade on georgia and eviction of all georgian nationals from russia . 
  he further stated that he very much wanted to strike the georgian general staff with a cruise missile . 
  [ 163 ] in response to criticism , in 2013 navalny said that he regretted calling georgians rodents but stood by everything else he said at the time . 
  real stand up shady guy who wants peace am i right ? 
  he also wants to incorporate belarus and ukraine entire states in russia , he denies any sort of ukranian ethnicity . 
  navalny is anything but peaceful . 
  i do want peace , nothing else , i hold my country to the same standard . 
  putin may be a tyrant , but he 's the more peaceful one of the two . 
  i agree , someone other yes . 
  but not navalny . 
  he would be 10 times worse than putin . 
  the country is n't fucked , and should n't be isolated , it 's the exact opposite that needs to be done.nobody ever achieved anything by not talking to others about issues they have . 
  issue is nobody even wants to help russia to find a good candidate , it is not in anyone interested that russia be strong and successful . 
  they all want candidates to serve their own interests and will support only them . 
  same as in my country , we have a mini-putin , but he 's pro eu ( nominally at least , in practice not at all ) so eu supports him . 
  i love how people here are taking the side of a neo-nazi over putin . 
  because that 's what literally alexei navalny is this new russian hope and upstanding model of european behaviour for example made a video and spoke that caucasians are alike cockroaches and while you can kill a cockroach with a slipper , for people he recommends pistols . 
  his hope is for belarus and ukraine and russia to become one state , but somehow he judges the war in donbass . 
  he made fun of any kind of ukranian sovereignty and ethnicity , but hey when it suits him he 's for it . 
  he frequently spoke among neo-nazis and hangs out with them . 
  he is clearly the man you should support over putin , am i right ? 
  europe would clearly be better with him in charge , russia as well . 
  yes not as much , but a lot . 
  more than any other party , in vast majority of the the cities , even in vojvodina . 
  i mean let 's face it we all know he will win , but judging by reddit it would seem that onlly vilaggers with pitchforks get him elected . 
  that 's not true . 
  even if we got the the 2nd round , with lets say him versus sasa jankovic . 
  you have to realise that the opposition is not united . 
  people who would vote for srs and dveri would rather vote for him than sasa jankovic . 
  voters of beli would be split . 
  it would be nowhere enough to beat him . 
  perhaps the only hope is to get beli in the second round , since i could see the opposition uniting behind him . 
  he 's a joke he has no strong politics or views either way so he can attract both sides . 
  and well people would vote for him just to spite him . 
  and let 's face it that 's what brings most voters in this country . 
  and well imagine the shame if him got defeated by a joke . 
  when saying democrats i was talking about both ds and dss . 
  kostunica did nothing agreed , but tadic also did nothing . 
  they are both to blame . 
  in 2008 people voted for ds because there was nobody else to vote for . 
  who would they vote for ? 
  srs ? 
  come on . 
  there is not a single opposition party in this country since 2000 , at least not a successful one . 
  no i 'm not wrong , socialist might have been the second party but they 're the government , not the opposition . 
  srs is opposition . 
  at least officially . 
  apart from a handful of cities , sns won all the local elections , including the ones in belgrade and novi sad . 
  cities where they failed off the top of my head are jagodina and sabac . 
  i also was n't just speaking about your posts , but every single post made by serbian flag in this thread . 
  judging by our comments on reddit , you 'd assume we 'd all happily trade kosovo , just keep the northern serb majority part to get membership in the eu . 
  but in reality when pooled on exactly that , 90 % was against it , not just rural peasants . 
  every part . 
  from background to candidate descriptions . 
  background is heavily biased to ` only issue with ds was corruption ' which is not true . 
  while ds was in power , montenegro also left . 
  while ds was in power , kosovo officially declared independence . 
  in both cases nothing was being done to prevent either , and no i 'm not talking about invading either , but our foreign politics did nothing to try to gather support for us to keep either . 
  montenegro would have not left if there was a good campaign to remain in the same state there it barely got 55 % . 
  even ignoring the fact that the constitution of fr yugoslavia called for 66 % to split up , which our then president tadic choose to completely ignore and set the limit ( unconstitutionally ) to 55 % which barely passed with 0.3 % more . 
  corruption was one of the lightest blunders of democrats . 
  and well party descriptions ? 
  i 'm the first to admit i 'm not a sns fan and wo n't vote for them even if they 're the only party in the country , but saying the descriptions is n't heavily trying to paint sns as black as possible , and trying to pain sasa jankovic in the best possible light is laughable . 
  saying that only the mentally ill would vote for seselj we have to surmise that 9 % of the population is mentally ill , because after sns , srs was the party that got the most votes in parliamentary elections last year . 
  saying basically everyone who votes for sns is a rural peasant . 
  that 's just ... 
  unlike the french article which was pretty unbiased , this one is biased as fuck . 
  posted by crnaruka . 
  i suppose if anyone knows about these things it would be you ... 
  is there anything putin ca n't do ? 
  judging by the state of the world news , behind everything is russia and putin . 
  ( comment paid for by kremlin ), 
   first there is no split that 's simply not true.there is a clear split about this in serbia , even in the progressive liberal reddit bubble . 
  the author of the article uses these two girls to show his point , it does not matter whether zavetnici is a real party or part of a russian conspiracy . 
  even if it was a popularity contest , more people heard of milica than this entire ngo . 
  the government is pro-eu , but the people are split about the issues , straight down the middle , even government polls put the support at something minute barely 50 % if even that . 
  and that 's results from 2014 , today you would get even less . 
  issue with saying that biggest non-eu party has only 8 % is that 's not just the biggest non-eu party , it 's the biggest opposition party . 
  i 'm trying to say , in serbia there is no real opposition whether it 's pro eu or against eu . 
  before sns came to power last party wanted to join eu even more , was willing to sacrifice more , and now they barely got 5 % of votes . 
  here whether you join the eu or not , is not the main thing . 
  most people do not expect us to join anytime soon or ever , whether we want to or not so they vote based on other issues . 
  and well , you clearly have n't really read the article because it also says that  ipsos polled 615 serbs aged between 18 and 35 in february 2016 and found 77 per cent of respondents would accept the russian political system and 80 per cent would support having russian military bases in serbia . 
  but yes , it is as you state clear that there is no split at all in serbia . 
  truth is what our government wants matters very little and what people want is quite different than what the government wants . 
  truth is in europe , anywhere you will never find a more split society along any lines than in serbia . 
  we have pro-russian tendencies , we have pro-eu tendencies . 
  we would like to have a system like russian with a putin like leader , but would not want to live like them ever . 
  we used both cyrillic and latin alphabets and it leads to comical situations , we teach people that russians are our friends and old time allies , but whenever we 're looking to get a better life for us or our children it 's always go learn english and go to eu/usa .
