  had the same `` petition '' in serbia a few weeks ago , to stop teaching evolution or some shit like that . 
  our orthodox church and theological schools came out right and said that there is no replacement for the theory of evolution that there is no alternative scientific theory found in the bible and that evolution is the only acceptable scientific explanation article in serbian but hey https://insajder.net/sr/sajt/vazno/4586/profesori-bogoslovije-teorija-evolucije-nema-zamenu.htm, 
  this post made me so sad that i will probably never take a picture again . 
  thanks man . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  i never knew this before . 
  hammer and sickle are n't extremists symbols . 
   u.s. officials told us just trying to stir shit up as always . 
   nato has no information as to who was on board . 
  we assess the russian pilots ' behaviour as safe and professional . 
  but then  u.s. officials told fox news , who was first to report that incident , that the russian pilot was acting in a `` provocative '' manner and moving `` erratically '' so which one is it ? 
  he 's just returning the favor from a few months back when us showed a video of russian bombings in syria claiming it was their own . 
   that being said prerequisite to join eu is referendum in serbia . 
  of course it 's not . 
  plenty of countries joined without a referendum . 
  and last i checked every union we were a part of fell apart ... violently . 
  just saying . 
  with our eternal friends of croats and slovenes there , we can do a lot . 
  if eu did n't support our dictator , we would n't be on the path to join the eu . 
  in fact we stopped that back in 2008 , under the democrats , got screwed over by signing the saa agreement and since then every president and leader we had has been a dictator . 
  do n't meddle in our elections . 
  do n't support our dictators . 
  otherwise do n't bitch about us when we enter eu if we sabotage every agreement like uk . 
  hypocrisy of the eu . 
  you claim to not tolerate dictators nor encourage them , and yet you do so in serbia simply because he acts in your interest against the wishes of the people . 
  not just in serbia , montenegro is the same . 
  if you were n't a bunch of hypocrites and actually lived up to what you said , we would be under sanctions for a long time now . 
  but i guess dictators are okay as long as they 're working in your interest . 
  fair enough . 
  unlike `` european orientation of serbian citizens '' tanjug is a well respected and neutral source . 
  and to mention that this study was done on university students so if anything it 's biased towards the eu and nato . 
  just to point out the illusions that serbia actually wants to join the eu and is not being forced to . 
  the support to join eu is small among even among university students . 
   1,323 students from 38 faculties of the university took part in the survey , that also showed 28.9 percent would vote in favor of eu membership, 
  there 's a conspiracy ? 
  last i checked and considering i live here , all the polls are against serbia joining the eu . 
  and those polls are without any requirements of us on kosovo . 
  well yeah , clearly , with the multitude of evidence that you provided , even i believe you . 
  our government is n't jumping through shit tbh . 
  last time the croats blocked it , lavrov came and the next day they were n't blocking us anymore . 
  they basically just stand there not doing anything of any use to anyone . 
  we do n't want to join . 
  you 're forcing us in . 
  so whatever comes is on your head really . 
  besides we do n't want to join , and we wo n't join either way , it 's all a scam . 
  and my flag did n't force anyone in the union . 
  eu wants us more than we want them . 
  which puts us at an advantage . 
  we do n't want to join . 
  you 're forcing us in . 
  so whatever comes is on your head really . 
  except nobody wants to live in bosnia , it 's not even a sovereign state . 
  we 'll see in 2018 . also okay fine , you can stay with the the same state as muslims , i do n't care about small exclaves . 
  not the first , not the last . 
  last i checked croats and bosnians are the members of the same state . 
  so no croat exclaves if you annex the parts near brcko . 
  bosniaks will be split in two , but it 's not unheard of . 
  rs does n't need to be split in two northernmost brcko is majority serb and all that it would take to form a continuity . 
  also i never said it 's perfect , i said it 's a lot better than it used to be . 
  and all parts are rather well defined , as in you can tell who is majority easily in every region . 
  does n't need to . 
  we need only the northernmost parts to form a continuity , in which serbs are the majority . 
  last i checked , fbih controls drvar , bosanski petrovac , bosansko grahovo regions in which serbs are over 90 % majority . 
  that 's only because rs could n't be allowed to control more than 49 % of the territory so brcko went to fbih . 
  if it was going by ethnicity it would form a continuity . 
  and considering brcko already has a `` special '' status ... 
  if it came to that , being split in two parts is hardly a problem . 
  not anymore , not lately . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6f/bih_-_etnicki_sastav_po_opstinama_2013_1.gif/1024px-bih_-_etnicki_sastav_po_opstinama_2013_1.gif all parts are rather well defined and form a continuity . 
  thank you , but ... we 'll pass on the offer . 
  wrong century . 
  because they are . 
  even the chinese find it so https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjmt3pjwihy and they 're pretty catchy tbh . 
  used to be 12-14 in my city too . 
  it was too cold to only wear a shirt . 
  the balkans , where not even the weather changes . 
  oh well , only skype then , my bad . 
  also i was being sarcastic . 
  they made skype and angry birds . 
  who cares about satellites and rocket engines , get a life . 
  this is much more complex . 
  they tried several times and got their asses kicked each time . 
  several `` border conflicts '' ( under quotes because these border conflicts included massive amounts of soldiers , tanks , airplanes ... ) and japs lost every single one of them . 
  so soviet far east was far from undefended . 
   due to this caution , the red army kept a large force in the far east even during the bleakest days of the war in europe . 
  for example , on july 1 , 1942 , soviet forces in the far east consisted of 1,446,012 troops , 11,759 artillery pieces , 2,589 tanks and self-propelled guns , and 3,178 combat aircraft . 
  and to note that japanese military leadership did n't want a war with neither the soviet union nor the usa , knowing they could n't win against either . 
   trollstigen well yeah , it certainly looks like it was built by the trolls . 
  who ignores that stuff exactly ? 
  and i already answered in another post . 
  there is a big difference in dying due to an accident and dying to a planned and premeditated terrorist attack with sole purpose of killing as many as you can . 
  the law makes it clear even now . 
  the fact that you ca n't tell there 's a difference is very disturbing tbh . 
   cultural and historic . 
  or you know ... they do n't want to house terrorists and suffer terrorist attacks in their lands . 
  only countries i 've seen where people are nostalgic for communism were russia ( for obvious reasons ) and ex-yu ( for even more obvious reasons , especially bosnia and serbia )  since many of the racist and xenophobic ideas they support now were the same the nazi supported no . 
  you act like nazis were first to think of other groups of people as subhumans . 
  literally everyone did . 
  even after nazism died , blacks were considered subhumans in usa . 
  in some states , they still are .
