  but the thread that binds them all is that these gangs are always 90 % muslims and majority pakistanis . 
  it 's disloyal to show all south asians like them . 
  it does . 
  even fucking sikhs and other asians from indo-pakistani region requested the fucking british government to refer to the perpertrators as they are . 
   the uk hindu council and the sikh federation asked that the perpetrators be described as pakistani muslims , rather than asian . 
  it 's not indo-pakistani region people . 
  i do n't see hindus or sikhs doing it . 
  there is a perpetrators here and the brits always put their tail between their legs and pretend like it 's just `` asians '', 
  50 out of 53 involved in that crime ( rotherham ) were muslims . 
  so yeah . 
  uk has a tendency to always cover that up . 
  it 's not the first crime like that in uk and it 's not the last . 
  but they never say it 's always muslims dominating it . 
  rochdale https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rochdale_child_sex_abuse_ring predominantely pakistani muslims , two sex rings , not one , but two times . 
  rotherham is simply the most famous and newest one . 
  brits had plenty of it . 
   uggestions emerged that police and social work departments failed to act when details of the gang emerged for fear of appearing racist , and vulnerable white teenagers being groomed by pakistani men were ignored . 
  here another https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oxford_child_sex_abuse_ring  the seven men included two pairs of brothers : mohammed karrar ( 38 ) & bassam karrar ( 33 ) and akhtar dogar ( 32 ) & anjum dogar ( 31 ) with three other men : kamar jamil , 27 , assad hussain , 32 , and zeeshan ahmed , 27 . 
  [ 4 ] five were british pakistani and two of east african heritage . 
  again muslims . 
  want another ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/keighley_child_sex_abuse_ring  those found guilty of rape were named as sufyan ziarab , 22 ; his brother bilal ziarab , 21 ; yasser kabir , 25 ; hussain sardar , 19 ; nasir khan , 22 ; saqib younis , 29 ; israr ali , 19 ; faisal khan , 27 ; zain ali , 20 ; and tanqueer hussain , 23 . 
  an 11th defendant , mohammed akram , 63 , was found guilty of sexual activity with a child . 
  four other men were found not guilty of similar charges and one man will face a re-trial . 
  [ 1 ] a twelfth man , khalid mahmood , 34 , had pleaded guilty to five counts of rape before the trial oh look more chinese , kazakhstanis and vietnamese and thais raping children in uk ? 
  oh they 're not ? 
  they 're again muslims , and from a certain country ? 
  geee ... let 's continue blaming the entire asian continent when in fact it 's one or two bad seeds . 
  but let 's be politically correct and not blame their culture and religion . 
  i could list these all day . 
  in uk it 's ridiculous how much it happens and how much is ignored . 
  but god forbid they 're seen as racist and investigate the actual fucking issue . 
  and you know the funniest thing of all ? 
  most of them walk away , no jail time at all . 
  out of 53 involved , only 5 !, 
  were convicted . 
  yeah ? 
  why they do n't describe them as muslims also then ? 
  it would narrow it down from the entire continent of asia to only a select few countries , that actually deserve the blame . 
  to quote the investigators of great britain  because most of the perpetrators were of pakistani heritage , several council staff described themselves as being nervous about identifying the ethnic origins of perpetrators for fear of being thought racist ; others , the report noted , `` remembered clear direction from their managers '' not to make such identification . 
  [ 152 ] the report noted the experience of adele weir , the home office researcher , who attempted to raise concerns about the abuse with senior police officers in 2002 ; she was told not to do so again , and was subsequently sidelined . 
   several council staff described themselves as being nervous about identifying the ethnic origins of perpetrators for fear of being thought racist fuck facts , what 's important here is n't the victims or justice , it is that we appear progressive and liberal , and not racist . 
  yeah let 's pretend the uk newspaper do n't say `` asian '' instead of a muslim , everytime , because of political reasons and correctness . 
  god damn those fucking chinese and japanese rape gangs . 
  let 's remember rotherham , where all perpetrators were `` asian '' too . 
  i 'm guessing those were kazakhstan gang members . 
  damn literally everyone with a facebook profile is a spy now . 
  soon we will be watching james bond , sitting on his pc following his targets on facebook . 
  no , i believe it 's just called `` flinging shit at each other ''  or dodgeball with shit instead of balls . 
  in this comment chain , bunch of bosnians , serbs and croats , albanians ( and their diasporas ) getting baited by the guy literally called takingdapiss ( got my upvote for doing it oh so well ) smejem se vasim zivotima `` drugovi '' . 
   simply having a similar looking product in both countries does n't imply that they 're absolutely identical . 
  when i lived in china , the identically looking carlsberg tasted differently partly because the water is n't the same , yet nobody would accuse them of misleading anyone for it . 
  just because the label is identical it does n't mean the product is . 
  first of all i object to you setting unrealistic goals . 
  not a single thing that was ever produced is absolutely identical to another thing . 
  not a single thing in the entire fucking universe . 
  ( that 's man made at least ) second of all , if it 's being marketed by the same company and produced by it and marketed and hailed as the same product . 
  yes i can expect that the formula that was used to make carlsberg in china and carlsberg in middle of fuck nowhere to be same . 
  oh yes , the good old , `` we never explicitly said it was the same as france , therefore , we have n't lied '' there is such a thing as following the spirit of the law , not just the letter . 
  nutrient facts ? 
  lmao . 
  ingredients are what 's the issue here . 
  they 're using different ingredients . 
  as i already responded to you , they 're not using water of differing qualities . 
  they 're using completely different water ( one from mars which let 's say is n't h2o but h202 ( l know it 's not but just for the purpose of the example ) , let 's say to make this example really simple , so you can understand it ) and claiming it 's the same product . 
  which it clearly is n't . 
  it 's like claiming vegeterian burgers have real meat in them . 
  and marketing them as such . 
  like fuck if i know mcdonalds stops putting meat in burgers but vegetables and claims it 's the same product , just because meat in new zealand is too expensive to put in burgers . 
   do n't know the food industry in detail , but i know industries in general , and mistakes like this happens constantly . 
  it does n't ( necessarily ) mean the eu as a whole - or even these companies - are out to mislead the ee . 
  oh sure , yes , when the fault is at the west , it 's always a simple mistake , an overlook , never their fault . 
  germans are fucking worst at it . 
  infallible like the pope . 
  water ? 
  i also do n't expect it to be the exact same sugar . 
  or the exact same whatever else the fuck they put into it . 
  variety of ingredients fluctuates depending on where they were grown or gotten from . 
  but we 're not talking here about them using same ingredient but grown in romania not in france , and because the soil is worse , the ingredient is a bit worse . 
  we 're talking about using completely different fucking ingredients , that are not in the original formula at all . 
  therefore making it plain and simple a different product , but one that has the brand and name of a popular one , profiting from that , while having completely different ingredients . 
  that 's dishonesty , scam . 
  pure and simple . 
   if french people reject a ketchup with cheap ingredients and romanians does n't , guess what the profitable business decision will be bad example . 
  nobody inform either that they are different products . 
  in fact they were actively lied to that they 're the same fucking product . 
  that 's the double standard . 
  and changing the quality is okay with the changing the pricing . 
  i agree with that , perfectly normal . 
  if you do n't market it as the same product . 
  because it 's not . 
  maybe some people in romania would be willing to pay higher prices . 
  maybe some would n't . 
  maybe other would find someone else who has better quality for the same price and buy from him ? 
  they 're being denied the right to choose and right to be informed . 
  all because companies do n't want the bad publicity , or have the risk of nobody buying their products because they 're selling shit . 
  so yes , if you wan na sell shit for low prices , market it as shit for low prices . 
  do n't pretend it 's the same product as in france , because it 's not . 
  there is if you 're marketing it as the same product which it clearly is n't . 
  no matter how you want to sugarcoat it .
