  you lose popularity , but gain nothing in return . 
   the report shows maps of pushbacks , which are in theory illegal , taking place at the bulgarian-turkish border toward turkey , and at the bulgaria-serbian border towards bulgaria . 
  pushbacks are also taking place at the serbia-macedonia border in both directions , at the hungarian-serbia border toward serbia , and at the hungarian-croat border towards croatia . 
  i laughed . 
  we 're essentially playing a game of hot potato . 
   take them i do n't want it !, 
   no , you take them !, 
   no , you !, 
   danube is the border with serbia , because it makes sense to have natural barriers as borders ? 
  but it keeps shifting in a way that means we 're losing territory because it 's a bloody river that could n't care less about `` territory '' so ... what you 're saying here is in about a million years vukovar will indeed be \u0412\u0443\u043a\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0440 ? 
  hey it 's the exact opposite of us . 
  if they counted our illegal weapons pretty sure it be far over 50 , 60 . 
  couple of years back in serbia you could give up any weapon to the police ( you still can i think , just nobody does anymore ) , no questions asked how you got it or anything , they melted down near 200 000 weapons and they considered it was a rather small amount compared to what 's out there . 
  and mostly , we 're not talking hunting rifles here . 
  and once again , it says paramilitary units . 
  they might have been formed with help from serbia ( by a cia agent which i also explained ) but that is an acceptable thing in war . 
  usa does the exact same thing in syria right at this moment . 
  funding , training and supplying equipment and intelligence and what not to the syrian rebels . 
  it 's an accepted thing , nothing wrong with it . 
  nobody blames the us for the actions of the rebels . 
  nobody blames the us which funded osama bin laden for bin ladens actions . 
  but when it comes to serbs ? 
  yes well it 's okay to blame us , since we 're not a major power anymore . 
  neither were any of them . 
  they 're called paramilitary formations for a reason . 
  jna was never inside bosnia nor did fr yugoslavia ever declare war on bosnia , nor was jna ever used there . 
  formed , funded and trained by your ally . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jovica_stani%c5%a1i%c4%87  according to the indictment , special serbian paramilitary units , including arkan 's tigers , red berets and scorpions , were secretly established by or with the assistance of the serbian state security from no later than april 1991 and continued until 1995 . 
   jovan `` jovica '' stani\u0161i\u0107 ( serbian cyrillic : \u0408\u043e\u0432\u0438\u0446\u0430 \u0421\u0442\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0448\u0438\u045b ; born 30 july 1950 ) is a serbian former intelligence officer who served as the head of the state security agency sdb within the ministry of internal affairs of serbia from 1991 until 1998 . 
   the united states central intelligence agency submitted a sealed document to the court attesting to his role as an undercover operative helping to bring peace to the region . 
  [ 6 ] say thanks , 
  70000 now ? 
  damn next decade it will be 7 million . 
  he is most at fault . 
  the war could have been avoided if he was n't in power . 
  and bosnians and croats did the exact same thing with slaughtering people , we just happened to have been better of in that war , so we had the opportunity kill more . 
  up until 1994 croatia was exiling and killing muslim civilians in bosnia as well . 
  and yet i 've never seen a muslim give croats a hard time about that . 
  civil wars always end up like that . 
  it did . 
  and then they made revised agreement to which they did agree to . 
  it 's okay i understand learning to read is hard in bosnia . 
  here i 'll even quote  on 11 march 1992 , the assembly of the serb people of republika srpska ( the self-proclaimed parliament of the bosnian serbs ) unanimously rejected the plan , putting forth their own map which claimed almost two thirds of bosnia 's territory , with a series of ethnically split cities and isolated enclaves , and leaving the croats and bosniaks with a disjointed strip of land in the centre of the republic . 
   this plan was rejected by cutileiro . 
  ( the one from rs ) however  however , he put forth a revised draft of the original which stated that the three constituent units would be `` based on national principles and taking into account economic , geographic , and other criteria . 
  '' [ 2 ]  on 18 march 1992 , all three sides signed the agreement ; alija izetbegovi\u0107 for the bosniaks , radovan karad\u017ei\u0107 for the bosnian serbs and mate boban for the bosnian croats . 
  which got accepted by all three sides . 
  and the one that izetbegovic broke , which started the war . 
  and now muslims control less territory than they would have with that agreement . 
  i believe that 's what they call poetic justice . 
  yeah , basically that . 
  no territorials had heavy weaponry at all . 
  that was mostly reserved for the jna . 
  every to was only `` light '' weaponry . 
  which is all that is needed to take the barracks in croatia/slovenia which contained the heavier ones . 
  after slovenia jna was basically irrelevant , since after that point more than half of soldiers left . 
  any nobody trusted the ones that left . 
  you had slovene generals after slovenia seceded , the air force commander was a croat , the main guy was a half/half . 
  and the members from kosovo/macedonia had no interests in anything and did n't do shit , but sold weapons to all sides . 
  there 's a reason jna were only used until the summer of 1992 and never again ( and that 's only in croatia , never in bosnia ) . 
  because nobody could rely on them to do anything . 
   first shot was fired on 27 june at 14:30 in diva\u010da by an officer of ypa i did n't mean literally `` first shot '' rather the opening stages of the `` war '' i 'd go to say the sole reason for any shots being fired is because of  by secretly advancing the date by 24 hours , the slovenians wrongfooted the yugoslav government , which had set 26 june as the date for its move . 
  as attested before , serbia was against any kind of military intervention in slovenia . 
  i was just breaking the illusion of `` unarmed territorials throwing rocks ''  the slovenian government resisted these moves , and successfully ensured that the majority of slovenian territorial defence equipment was kept out of the hands of the ypa . 
  it also declared in a constitutional amendment passed on 28 september 1990 that its to would be under the sole command of the slovenian government . 
  did n't lose , the battle itself was a draw . 
  but ottomans had the resources to continue the war , we did n't . 
  if serbia itself was n't at the civil war , we could have continued though . 
  we had a pretty good run as a serbian despotate though for the next 130 years , bit of ottoman vasals , bit of hungarian ones , bit independent , life in serbia was generally good at the time . 
  but that 's beside the point , it 's seen as a battle they know they could n't win , which is why it 's celebrated . 
  same as with defence of belgrade in ww i , where army stayed behind knowing they 'd only die . 
  same as when offered a peace by the germans , in which we 'd only lose a bit of land to the bulgarians there , we chose to refuse it , despite having lost pretty much of all serbia and having no allies anywhere near . 
  same as overthrowing the government that made us neutral in ww ii , to fight against the germans . 
  knowing we had no chance . 
  stupid decisions when looked at rationally , but they make a good story . 
  i guess you could say , obsessed with doing what we think is right , rather than what is smart . 
  he 's an electrican , not any kind of an accepted academic . 
  but if you really wan na know . 
  http://www.tvorac-grada.com/velikani/arbanasi.html basically says you 're from the caucaus , todays southern azerbaijan , that you were famous for your big dogs ( caucasian shephard ) that you gifted one to alexander the great . 
  in 1043 during a civil war in byzantium one side employed you as mercenaries and after that you settled the region which became uninhabited during the war, 
  breakup , sure . 
  the bloody wars were usa fault . 
  especially the one in bosnia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peace_plans_proposed_before_and_during_the_bosnian_war#carrington.e2.80.93cutileiro_plan  however , he put forth a revised draft of the original which stated that the three constituent units would be `` based on national principles and taking into account economic , geographic , and other criteria . 
  '' [ 2 ]  on 18 march 1992 , all three sides signed the agreement ; alija izetbegovi\u0107 for the bosniaks , radovan karad\u017ei\u0107 for the bosnian serbs and mate boban for the bosnian croats . 
   on 28 march 1992 , after a meeting with us ambassador to yugoslavia warren zimmermann in sarajevo , izetbegovi\u0107 withdrew his signature and declared his opposition to any division of bosnia . 
  pretty much the same agreement as today . 
  except muslims with 1992 agreement would get more land than with 1995 . 
  ironic is n't it . 
  clearly did n't , if they did , how would slovenians attack the jna first ? 
  i do n't think throwing rocks at them and saying leave would have worked . 
  in slovenia specifically there were 22k jna soldiers of which 5k switched sides because they were slovene . 
  slovenia had 35k armed territorirals , 10k armed police and 5k who switched sides . 
  so where did they get 50 000 guns/bombs/ammo and rest if they were disarmed ? 
  truth is jna could n't disarm shit , since territorials kept weapons when going out of service and nobody could account for all jna weapons either . 
  gun control was nothing something that existed in yugoslavia . 
  actually albanian/macedonian members of jna were caught trading away their equipment to the highest bidder . 
  from the source of the statement itself  by april 1991 , the slovenian tdf was organized into 12 maneuver brigades and 10 independent detachments , which were subordinate to local and regional commands . 
  while there were reportedly 68,000 soldiers available to the slovenian tdf , there were only enough small arms for 40,000 . 
  jna had an advantage in slovenia since it was by far the weakest state concerning the military but ,  in june 1991 , the jna appeared ready to crush the slovenian independence movement .
