  maybe in a couple hundred years after , it , but who is supposed to pay for them all that time ? 
  it 's unrealistic to think europe should pay or the rest of the world , just because africans ca n't get their shit together . 
  and i see people here blaming the imf and world bank lmao . 
  no , the only fault here lies with the governments of africa . 
  which are extremely corrupt , inefficient , do nothing . 
  why ? 
  because they do n't have to , why fix issues when you get money from other place because of that issues ? 
  free money for people in power . 
  africa is extremely rich and fertile continent ( obviously in some places ) which is more than capable of taking care of itself . 
  they should be left alone and forced to fix their issues themselves . 
  it 's the only way they 'll learn . 
  that means more people will die there , but hey , that 's life . 
  europe had to go through the exact same thing . 
  asia too , americas too ... and yet in case of africa , everyone tries to help them , which results in this situation which really does n't benefit anyone . 
  in my country we have a saying `` medvedja usluga '' bears favor , for when you do a favor for someone with good intentions but it does n't bring anything good . 
  for example letting a kid graduate from 6th to 7th grade without the kid actually learning anything in it , just because he had a broken leg . 
  it 's a favor sure , but it brings no good to the kid or the teacher . 
  or you know ... 
  i was just continuing his sarcasm, 
   serbia is still a war zone . 
  this is technically correct , since kosovo claims independence we claim they 're ours . 
  we have a flimsy peace agreement nothing more . 
  requesting asylum in serbia it 's be liking requesting asylum in north korea . 
  worse even . 
  literally the same joke here . 
  here 's another little gypsy son gets married and his father asks him after the wedding night son , how was she ? 
  dad ... she was a virgin !, 
  banish her out of our house , if she 's not good enough for her family , she 's not good enough for ours either . 
  i feel like i 'm getting monty pythoned . 
  oh , i do n't know , the continuation of the human race ? 
  pretty bullshit theory , since slobo did indeed give a fuck , and was the voice of reason that tried convincing krajina serbs to take the deal offered to them ( z4 ) and called rs serbs insane for wanting 50 % of the territory while not being 50 % of the population . 
  this was concluded by the hague . 
  so no , he did care , and yes he would have intervened , yugoslavia would be bound too . 
  and also you forget that the reason yugoslavia left war with croatia and bosnia in 1992 , when all jna units retreated back , was because of the agreement with the un that their peacekeepers would protect the people . 
  they did n't react in rsk , but they did in rs . 
  yeah but unlike cigarettes , drinking and lighting strikes babies are useful . 
  seriously dude you just compared babies to cigarettes . 
  that was exactly my point ... if it serves their agenda it 's seen as `` provocative '' even if rules that are agreed on are respected . 
  but on the other hand if nato places troops near russia and has exercise there , that 's not aggressive that 's just standard training they can be there . 
  but if russia does it near the border in it 's own country it 's `` aggressive '' anything to further their political gains , nothing else matters . 
  serbia also has the right to keep 1000 soldiers in kosovo per un 1244 how do you think that would be seen if we attempted it ? 
  now you 're just being unrealistic . 
  i agree , but that 's basically any political party ever . 
  i like how in almost every country they 're claiming their far-right parties are funded by russia . 
  and yet in germany , it 's the far left advocating closer ties . 
  well the had to build new places to accommodate all the serbian tourists who are there to stay permanently , obviously . 
   serbian flag . 
  we gon na put a small cross on the bigger cross , and a couple more crosses around and a cross on the crown . 
  so everybody is sure of our religion . 
  i do n't know i 'm quite liking the new flag for ukraine , looks amazing . 
  could at least but that fancy coat of arms on your current one . 
   tldr : old news , blown out of proportion , in no way comparable to cologne on new year 's eve 2015 . 
  oh you mean if it is n't on a massive scale as cologne , it 's okay ? 
  cool i guess . 
  you germs are so understanding . 
  i 'd love to see juncker slap around our prime minister . 
  she has an albanian girlfriend or so they say , so he 'll wake up somewhere in the middle of fuck it all , with no kidneys . 
  for some people it is . 
  for other not . 
  same with princip ? 
  like what a shocking an appalling turn of events . 
  i know the type , get out of the country based on refugee status . 
  my father had a friend in scandinavian airlines and was offered a job there in the 90s , moved to serbia instead though . 
   in the immediate aftermath of the war , andri\u0107 's tendency to identify with serbdom became increasingly apparent . 
  from wiki . 
  it became  increasingly apparent meaning it existed before but now was even more pronounced . 
  as i said , it has more to do with my family , not with any desire to bring it back . 
  mother croatian , father serbian , born in bosnia , have family on both sides of the border . 
  what you think he only saw himself as a serb , after the war , but before the war not ? 
  sudden change in opinion ? 
  did he get hit on the head ? 
  had a concussion and amnesia ? 
  he had these opinions before the war too , and during the war , which is why he was a political prisoner . 
   also , the black hand , which princip was a member of , had serbian , croat and muslim members and affiliates . 
  nobel prize wining croat ivo andric to name one . 
  maybe he was a member of the black hand because he refused to see himself as a croat and said he 's not a croat , but a serb ? 
   neither i nor my country shares burden of accepting these migrants , the last thing i would want is to endanger my countrymen with mena people who have another cultural dimensional background . 
  implying eu cares what lithuania wants . 
  enjoy your refugees , 
  does the different wording represent a change in the opinion of the people regarding the assasination ? 
   yes . 
   seems like to me he started out as a hero for freedom and is now seen as just the cause of the war ? 
   yes . 
  to what exactly are you answering yes here ? 
  because as you said first one is incorrect because according to your own words . 
   the serbs still view princip as a hero so no , not the people but due to politics . 
   bosniaks ( who are the majority in sarajevo ) have distanced themselves from princip 's ideas and actions once again , due to politics and war , nothing else . 
  mainly the war , so they want to get rid of anything they perceive as `` serbian '' and the second one is completely incorrect , nobody thinks of him as the cause of the war , just an excuse to start it . 
  it was a heroic act , political assassinations at the time were quite common , anywhere in europe . 
  only reason the plaque changed is politics , not the demands of the people first yugoslavia is obvious , second was a communist one so they changed it up to fit the communist ideal third was a compromise between federation and rs . 
  federation wanted it completely removed . 
  we did n't . 
   this is n't the first controversial banner by legia hooligans . 
  this is n't a controversial banner at all , it tells the truth simply . 
  man if it 's anti-russia or anti-putin it 's never shitty , it 's always perfectly reliable . 
  well to be honest , yugoslavia lost more people than many western states too , nobody remembers that . 
  granted though , we were mostly the ones killing ourselves . 
  ko drugome jamu kopa , fizicki je radnik - who digs a whole for another is a manual laborer . 
  ko rano rani , il je pekar il je budala - who gets up early is either a fool or a baker . 
  rad je stvorio coveka , a nerad gospodina - work has created a man , and not working has created a gentleman .
