  because `` croats and bosnians united in the same state against evil serbs and lived happily ever after '' the narrative must be maintained . 
  yeah it was a bullshit political decision same as this polish one would be . 
  there 's no time like now to declare it as one . 
  everybody hates on russia , no matter whether it 's true or not . 
  same as it happened to us . 
  oh boy , you do n't wan na go there . 
  truth be told , genocide has a very specific meaning . 
  that is ignored if it does n't fit your political agenda , 
  thanks lad , 
  well i know that , being serbian and all , and i assume you know that because you 're from ex-yu as well . 
  but most other people do n't and i was just curious to see how many people will upvote it just because of `` evil serbs '' propaganda . 
  so please delete your comment lad . 
  because evil serbs are animals who destroy everything they touch obviously . 
  god fucking damn us they just destroy it because it was muslim . 
  and this friday the weather is fuck serbia , and fuck macedonia . 
  embrace it . 
  serbia not being europe is the best thing that ever happened to us . 
   i could understand them mistaking a serbian flag or something that happens a lot , guys turn your flag around and you get surprises like syrians holding the serbian flag . 
  http://www.intermagazin.rs/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/354634.png or us and serbia negotiating a ceasefire in syria https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2016/01/21/10/russia-flag-us-talks-upside-down-summit.png, 
  oh please , feel free , i 'm curious . 
  how about they 're talking about it now , when they 're not longer in power and can criticise freely since they ca n't really do anything about it and wo n't really be seen as racist now , but if the party in power now try something about it , to fix it , they will immediately call it a racist program or a racist solution and them crazy nut right wingers ? 
  nazis ... and so on ? 
  completely ignoring that it happened on their watch and they were the ones ignoring it . 
   the charity exhibition on wednesday and thursday raised money for a sick seven-year-old serbian boy who needs specialist treatment . 
  using refugees for free to raise money for local population . 
  god i love serbia . 
  ... of course it would . 
  do you think lithuanian and polish governments were completely loyal and trusting of ussr ? 
  romania ? 
  yugoslavia even did 180 and cut off contact with ussr completely until stalin died . 
  soviets were n't morons , they knew full well most of these states did n't want to actually be with them . 
  so yes , it did matter . 
   with your logic half of poland could 've been a russian enclave today . 
  if the ussr wanted it , it would have been . 
  as for not seeing what 's so special about that piece of land , well , mate , take a map and look at it ... do you see where it is ? 
  that 's what 's so important . 
  it used to be the main soviet naval base for baltics . 
  and where they stored their missiles to hit the dirty capitalists . 
  it was rather important strategic place . 
  there 's also some crackpot theory that it was to separate baltics from the west , but i do think that 's just bollocks . 
   does n't really explain why the area did n't get divided by poland and lithuania . 
  because ussr did n't want it to be , and the influence or poland/lithuania in the immediate aftermath of ww ii was about negative 20 % ? 
   at least geographically it 's near vilnius well yeah , he did say it was in poland , right ? 
  what 's wrong ? 
  now you see that is an elite club . 
  however we hardly ever invaded croatia and people tend to forget that for 90 % of the time that was a mutually beneficial relationship . 
  hey !, 
  we beat you  4 % more , suck it !, 
  every eastern company that tries to compete with a western company , well the best possible thing is it gets bought by them . 
  most just end up blackmailed , bankrupted , or generally just shut down through a number of malicious practices if they do n't wan na play ball . 
  it 's an open secret . 
  so yes it is east/west thing . 
  and well croatia/bosnia thing , it 's the same correct , but a whole lot smaller on scale . 
  since croatian companies do n't really have the same power over bosnian ones that western against eastern ones . 
  but yes , you will always see people justifying it , especially the germans . 
  check any thread about this . 
  in about 3 hours from now this thread will be full of comments from germans trying to justify it , 
  you ca n't give them either . 
  and you ca n't force them to learn or to behave ( well we could , but we do n't want to do that , because that 's would result in another occupation of the continent ) they wo n't listen to `` white people '' nor get educated by them . 
  but they still want the money and the vaccines and medical support and food and other cool stuff . 
  that will achieve nothing , they have to learn for themselves then . 
  just like any other continent had to do . 
  we should stop helping so much and the problem would mostly disappear . 
  either live and adapt or die and go back to tribal warring factions . 
  that 's always been the human race , you either adapt or die . 
  why would it ? 
  using birth control is not a matter of living standards but education and culture . 
  not having 10 children also is n't matter of living standards . 
  not trying to cure aids by having sex with babies , is not a living standard issue at all . 
  not trying to make a child everytime you have sex is not a matter of living standards either . 
  because well she 's a woman who cares it 's not like she has any better to do in africa , right ? 
  it 's not the living standards that are the issue . 
  china fixed their issue with a simple governmental policy . 
  and communists encouraged greater birth rates by goverment policies and rules . 
  so no , it 's not living standard . 
  it affects it somewhat , yes , but main thing are government policies , culture , and to a smaller degree education ( because if it 's culture to have 2 babies in your country , even if never went to school , you 'll have 2 , more likely to have 2 not more , not less if yo have n't gone to school than properly educated at one ) and to an even smaller degree living standards . 
  man , got ta say , that 's pretty fucking weird event after seeing that video also is that katjusha and kalinka in german ? 
   the only argument putin sect worshippers have against him is that he studied in the united states , yale university . 
  really ? 
  the only one ? 
   in 2008 during the russo-georgian war , navalny called georgians `` rodents '' ( russian : \u0433\u0440\u044b\u0437\u0443\u043d\u044b ) and called for imposing of a complete blockade on georgia and eviction of all georgian nationals from russia . 
  he further stated that he very much wanted to strike the georgian general staff with a cruise missile . 
  what a great guy !, 
   the bbc noted in a profile of navalny that his endorsement of a political campaign called `` stop feeding the caucasus '' and his willingness to speak at ultra-nationalist events `` have caused concern among liberals '' . 
  he also has been a co-organizer of the `` russian march '' , [ 183 ] which radio free europe describes as `` a parade uniting russian nationalist groups of all stripes '' oh look , more of his good deeds !, 
   early in 2012 , navalny stated on ukrainian tv , `` russian foreign policy should be maximally directed at integration with ukraine and belarus ... in fact , we are one nation . 
  we should enhance integration . 
  geee , he would n't take one just a part of ukraine , but all of it . 
   on june 23 , 2007 , navalny co-founded a new political movement , named `` the people '' , which upheld the positions of `` democratic nationalism '' , defined as a fight for democracy and the rights of ethnic russians ;  in june 2008 , the movement joined forces with two other russian nationalist movements , movement against illegal immigration ( maii ) and great russia , to form a new coalition , russian national movement there is literally tons of stuff on him on fucking wikipedia of all places about how corrupt he is , and how much of a scumbag he is . 
  he would be way worse than putin . 
  he only became a `` progressive liberal '' in 2014 after he realised it pays more to be one . 
  before that he was a worse nationalist than putin . 
  he wanted to resurrect `` great russia '' . 
  which your estonia would be a part of . 
  but hey maybe you want that right ? 
  said this before and i 'll say it again . 
  birthrates being tied simply to standard of living is complete and utter bullshit . 
  high standards of living do not mean low birthrates . 
  government policies and cultural development impact if far , far more . 
  anyone who believes if we simply add infrastructure to africa so they have high standards of living and birthrates will drop is a moron .
