  she was a a rather irrelevant token minister , who did her job for one year . 
  never before held office , never before held a political position . 
  and in 1 year she went from nobody to pm . 
  are you joking ? 
  not shady at all . 
  lmao no . 
  she has 0 experience doing anything in politics . 
  and dacic is still staying the boss for `` all things political '' it 's in the article  he added that the sps leader , currently acting pm and foreign minister ivica dacic , `` will essentially head the political portion , '' while brnabic will deal with economic issues , `` digitization and the like . '', 
   he added that the sps leader , currently acting pm and foreign minister ivica dacic , `` will essentially head the political portion , '' while brnabic will deal with economic issues , `` digitization and the like . '', 
  kek, 
  is there such a law ? 
  is there an way that this draft of a law will pass ? 
  so this begs the question of why to propose such a law ? 
  to gather votes . 
  populism at it 's finest . 
  hello and welcome into the eu . 
  where every country is equal , but germany is more equal than others . 
  you . 
  joke, 
  well you got the balkans spot on . 
  oh no russia is once again planning a human-rights violating law . 
  oh wait , it 's germany . 
  nevermind . 
  enjoy waking up to a police raid op , where they 're gon na take away your twitter account . 
  putin is a very small dictator . 
  he 's 170cms big dodik and vucic are much bigger dictators . 
   he controls the second most powerful military on earth and he has shown himself very eager to use it . 
  you do n't mean russia , do you ? 
   he has shown no remorse , no pity and is willing to use every dirty trick in the book to take down his rivals . 
  so a perfect politician then ? 
   i just hope that the rest of the west wakes up to the threat he and by extension his regime poses to the world . 
  good thing i do n't live in the west , phew . 
   atleast 110 million russians are loyal to him ( 81 % favourability rating ) you should n't forget us . 
  37 % of serbs have highest confidence in putin . 
  even our own prime minister got less % at 34 % . 
  we are bigger and scarier than small russian . 
  because we 're bigger . 
  is your eu paradise oh so fragile that it can be crushed with such a small dictator like putin ? 
  and is it so fragile that it can be ripped apart by a few media outlets ? 
  i was n't suggesting it as a name . 
  geographical region of macedonia is split into three parts vardar macedonia -  fyrom pirin macedonia -  bulgarian part aegean macedonia -  greek part . 
  that is the split right now and for the last 100 years , the names like this were used sometimes to point out which part of macedonia were you talking about . 
  as i said south serbia/old serbia/vardar macedonia were all used interchangeably in kingdom of shs/yugoslavia 1.0 for example . 
   competent intelligence guys they 're literally traitors and treated as such  back in serbia , the two must report to a local police station in belgrade every day and surrender their passports to the serbian justice ministry they only have prison here if they ever come back as `` free '' man again . 
  once a cia spy , always a cia spy . 
  fun facts . 
  two guys in question are https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jovica_stani%c5%a1i%c4%87  the united states central intelligence agency submitted a sealed document to the court attesting to his role as an undercover operative helping to bring peace to the region . 
  [ 6 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franko_simatovi%c4%87  born in belgrade , simatovi\u0107 is an ethnic croat . 
   simatovi\u0107 was acquitted of all charges on 30 may 2013  stani\u0161i\u0107 and simatovi\u0107 were charged and acquitted of the following crimes i do hope that they get the highest punishiment available , because if not they 'll both be tried as traitors here and put in jail for life . 
  they were quite literally usa/cia spies , who tried their best to `` bring peace to the region '' by funding and operating and training various paramilitary units , like ie arkan 's tigers or the scorpions . 
  even cia submitted documents to prove it as the article says . 
  and i bet they 'll go free again though , since well they 've done such a good job for the usa , they already freed them once . 
  this tbh , we have video evidence https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsuinxd5m9y, 
  if this was just about the name , i 'd agree with you . 
  but fyrom is claiming a lot more than just name . 
  history and historical characters as well , which is a bit more serious . 
  sad thing is , 90 % of the population does n't believe the shit government says , that they were ancient macedonians for example , but they still suffer from that decision , more than the government who is just trying to create some sort of identity . 
  what makes this ironic is chances are they are probably connected to them , genetic data suggest slavic `` invasion '' ( not really an invasion since they came peacefully and asked romans for the gift of land ) of balkans was not that successful ( as in they did n't genocide the natives , and the balkans had a pretty big population back then ) , we 're mostly the natives from the balkans who just adopted the slavic language and customs . 
  which seems to be the way slavs operated everywhere , if you learned to speak slavic , you were a slav in their book . 
  but that 's kinda offpoint and neither here nor there . 
  just trying to point out that it 's a lot more complex than greeks being petty about it , and it 's about far more than just a name . 
   od vardara do triglava od djerdapa pa do jadrana jokes aside vardar macedonia was actually the name used in balkan wars i think . 
  pirin macedonia , vardar macedonia , aegean macedonia . 
  also it was called sometimes vardar macedonia in kingdom of serbia , in kingdom of shs and yugoslavia 1.0, 
  you think this looks bad , imagine how kosovo will be . 
  14 billion tonnes of lignite , highest quality in europe , 5th biggest proven reserve in the world . 
  right now mined in rather small quantities because of the dispute with the ownership of the mines , the companies and well entire kosovo . 
  if kosovo gets an all clear for mass production and exportation of it , it 's gon na look a whole lot worse . 
  ah right , the car . 
   jesus christ , you speak the same language ( even if some of you want to deny that ) . 
  it 's time to grow up and co-exist . 
  you 're both rather small nations with not that different culture . 
  sure , croats are mostly catholic and serbs orthodox , but hell , some estonians are protestant and some are orthodox . 
  nobody gives a shit . 
  tell that to the croats . 
  we 're already claiming we 're the same people , how much closer do you want us to be to them ? 
  try saying it in / r/westernserbia  but what else are you going to do with kosovo ? 
  we 'll ask the croats for help , organize operation oluja 2.0 . 
  they know how to exile large amount of people without repercussions . 
   because it 's the right thing to do ? 
  debatable . 
  a right thing for whom ? 
  a right thing in what way ? 
  from an economical and political perspective ? 
  we never really cared for those . 
   keep out of nato if you want , but eu membership should still be a priority . 
  you are basically in the centre of balkans , you would benefit the most of the peninsula integrated into eu . 
  but the eu does n't want us . 
  you can see it in this sub clear as day . 
  everytime it 's mentioned , it 's `` we 're a trojan horse '' , despite the fact that like half of eu at one point or another submitted their asses to russia to get fucked , while we never did . 
  there is a reason why russia does n't try to annex us or force us into an alliance or threaten us . 
  they know it wo n't work on us . 
  i mean fuck , we went to war with nato ... alone . 
  and won in a way . 
  we went to keep kosovo a part of serbia and we got it in writing kosovo wo n't be an independent state . 
  why do you want us and croats in the same union ? 
  every time we 've been a part of a union together , no matter who ruled or whose union was it , it ended violently . 
   eu is serbia 's only choice , things you should never say to us , number 1 . 
  we 'll say no , fuck you , just to prove you 're not our only choice . 
  even if it hurts us more .
