  everybody ignoring the fact that the first lady of france should be in jail because she abused and had sex with her student while he was in high school  but since she 's likeable that 's not a scandal , and since it does n't sell it 's not printed  even though it 's a lot worse than a lot of stuff trump has done ( legally speaking at least ) and honestly incompotence ? 
  there is n't that much of it . 
  life goes on in usa . 
  do you think a lot of things changed in us since he became president ? 
  for vast majority of people literally nothing changed . 
  for a very small number it got better , for a very small number it got worse . 
  oh look macron invited usa academic to france ( and cut the budget for it ) but nobody is biting , nobody is moving . 
  he 'll rule for 4-5 years and if he does n't fuck up much , he 'll rule for another 4-5 years , and if he does someone else will but pretty much nothing will change . 
   to be fair , there 's only 1 russian in this thread , and he 's anti-putin so he 's not really a russian , probably abdulaziz pretending to be volodya . 
  like who cares ? 
  it 's not like they believe it . 
  they 're just pandering to the voters . 
  in reality if voted in they 'd never do any of stuff they advocate for , and would just serve as a source of comedic relief . 
  guy in serbia who campaigned on the motto `` i will steal too , but also give to the people '' got 10 % on presidential elections . 
  vote in a clown who will spend 4 years doing nothing ( at least it will be less harmful than having morons in their place who do things ) and after 4 years politicians will realise they need to change their tune . 
  or someone new and perhaps idealistic will emerge . 
  russia does n't recognize dnr/ldr or novorossiya . 
  nor does anyone else . 
  so they would gain nothing from blaming it on them , except actually probably lose some support there . 
   and of course , in the future , do n't give buks to untrained rebels who ca n't tell the difference between a civilian plane and a military one . 
  but the world would the be then a lot more boring place , would n't it , and let 's face it who wants that . 
   ivan the oligarch in moscow is not affected by nationalism in ukraine . 
  well no shit . 
  he is affected by the nationalism in russia and russian nationalism . 
  ukraine ca n't influence russia with their nationalism . 
   sanctions are not due to nationalism but they are . 
  it is part of russian nationalism that the ukraine does n't exist , that crimea is russia , that ukrainians are russians ( you guys are like us on smaller scale , serbia vs western serbia ) ... 
  hence you could make a case that nationalism helped imposed sanctions on russia sanctions where oligarchs lose a lot of money to be quite honest . 
   sanctions are due to russia 's stupid decisions for almost everything . 
  but they 're not stupid decisions . 
  if they accepted their guilt they 'd have to admit to supplying and providing soldiers and equipment in eastern ukraine . 
  which is worse than having sanctions , since technically it 's an act of war . 
  while technically right now , russia and ukraine are not at war . 
  people need to realise that truth does n't matter , appearance does . 
  or do you really think that russian top people in the government are stupid as bricks and you 're smarter than them ? 
  as history shows , truth can be made into whatever you want it to be . 
  and it never matters what is it . 
  there is a joke here do you know why there is no sex in government companies ? 
  because everyone is related ... 
  kinda hypocritical of us to judge them on that ai n't it ? 
  considering our songs ... 
  well clearly they do , it 's been this whole thread and i 'm the only one who said it . 
  well i 'd argue that russian oligarchs are affected more than with growth of nationalism than average volodya in ukraine . 
  since they have more stuff , they have more stuff to lose due to russian nationalism and things it invokes ( like sanctions ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure looking at profit wise , russian oligarchs lost more money profit wise from sanctions than did entire average ukrainian population ( average as in not counting rich people ) in the war . 
  the average volodya has nothing and loses nothing , except maybe life , but that 's worthless anyway ( as in all life , not just your average ukrainian ones , worthless money-wise ) . 
  i was n't speaking of ukraine specifically but more europe-wide . 
  at least for former neutral or eastern bloc countries . 
   basically the zhirinovskys of ukraine . 
  so vote for them . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  his literary analysis is on point https://youtu.be/hl_vvgpwnmw?t=229 or darth vader . 
  you had darth vader . 
   agreed . 
  i can understand why these kids would say that you ca n't . 
  because it 's not the kids saying it , they 're just repeating what they 're told to say . 
  they 're not human obviously , duh . 
  let 's face it who here has n't roleplayed killing germs for a bit ? 
  ( born before 1990 please ) or after 2000 , when cod became popular . 
  so that explains the depression in the scandinavian countries !, 
  funny how pro-west candidates always bring more corruption to the table . 
  ca n't people like be pro-west , and a decent human person or is that too much to ask ? 
  what ? 
  i like volodya as a name . 
  is it not popular in ukraine ? 
  is maksym more to your liking ? 
   not really . 
   anti-war as can be in real life . 
   play war video games everyday only decent one i 've seen was cod 5 . 
  and even there you kill nazis . 
  ( and burn the prisoners with molotovs when given the chance of course )  except in those camps they indoctrinate people with messages of < us vs them  whereas in video games they do n't do that nah , that does n't tend to stick . 
  what does tend to stick is how awful live in the army is . 
   potap and nastya are as pro-ukrainian as they come  they made songs campaigning for yulia tymoshenko in 2010 well yeah there 's nothing more pro-ukrainian than campaigning for more corruption , 
  that 's because you 're blinded by your hate of nationalism . 
  see , volodya , when you kill people in video games , it shows war as a good and just thing , it 's easy you kill bad guys . 
  makes it more likely to support war . 
  but when you go through boot-camp and military training and see the awfulness and boringness of military life in these military camps , you naturally grow to dislike the military life . 
  having someone always tell you what to do , to shoot your friends because they carry a different flag , someone always ordering you do to stuff ... you need to look at this as a whole . 
  but do only ultranationalists riot and hypernationalist do `` and stuff '' or can they both do it each other ? 
  do they split their responsibilites ? 
  do they overstep each others responsibilities and authority ? 
  can they mix ? 
  these are important questions . 
  well yeah that is partially true , although the way you said it implies that all of illyria was albanian , not that some parts of albania were parts of illyria , which is completely untruthful and what i objected to . 
  it 'd be stupid to , since not even albanians themselves refer to it as albania but shqiperia , and to themselves as shqip and greeks refered to them as arvanites and slavs as arbanas and turks as arnauts . 
  i would very much like this so i know how to refer to people . 
  if anybody can do it , it would be great . 
  well grow some balls and retort with '' \u0441\u043c\u0435\u0440\u0442\u044c \u0445\u043e\u0445\u043e\u043b\u0438\u043c\u0430 '', 
  now that 's not truthful at all . 
  only parts of albania ( north parts ) in roman times were even considered a part of illyria depending on the time in the roman empire ( provinces borders changed a couple of times ) either parts of northern albania were a part of it , or none at all , but never whole https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e3/illyricum_spqr.png/1280px-illyricum_spqr.png another point in time https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b1/roman_provinces_of_illyricum%2c_macedonia%2c_dacia%2c_moesia%2c_pannonia_and_thracia.jpg, 
  yeah , but roleplaying killing germs is okay though . 
  source : every game out there . 
  where does the hyper-nationalist stand on national scale ? 
  we 've got nationalists , ultra-nationalists , super-nationalists , hyper-nationalist ... 
  i 'm wondering if being an ultra-nationalist is a worse than than a hyper-nationalist or not or whether hyper-nationalist just means you 're really hyped up about your country . 
  so many questions , and nobody to ask . 
  eh , they kinda are . 
  unless you all want us to export yugos again . 
  sure , never said it will , but there is literally 0 reason for us to sanction russia and jeopardize our good relations and out trade , since we wo n't get anything more of trade with eu than we would have with trade with russia . 
  we 'll trade/stay on neutral terms with both sides , ty .
