  of course stalin was going to agree with allies on tehran conference , you were allies . 
  and `` confidential interview '' in which he is `` quoted as saying '' is hardly anything else than a fairy tale . 
  land lease was effective ? 
  united kingdom got 3x times help soviet union got ? 
  why did n't they get to berlin 3x faster ? 
  they had less german enemies on their front , they had more support ... 
  they should by all accounts won 3x faster at least . 
  except it really did n't matter to anyone . 
  ah right , well one . 
  still a lot lower than any of the other countries . 
  uhm , no it was n't . 
  it was fought in bosnia and croatia ( a bit in slovenia ) , no foreign soldier was ever present in territory of serbia/fr yugoslavia . 
  shit even our army was never in bosnia and only in croatia up until 1992 ceasefire . 
  try again . 
  you 're literally commiting more acts of war than fr yugoslavia , but hey it 's not war , am i right ? 
   no we are not . 
  do you have any source on lithuania declaring war on something ? 
  fr yugoslavia/sr serbia/serbia never declared war on croatia/bosnia/whoever . 
  we were never at war . 
  but ... there are n't any terrorist attacks in sweden . 
  there are in uk/us/france . 
  except nato is and lithuania is a part of nato ... so lithuania is at war . 
  you ca n't have your soldiers in other countries shooting at their armies and their people and call it `` not war '' and apparently to you it 's even hard to consider usa part of nato . 
  oh well i do know , and since i do n't care about either side , they can both kill themselves off for all i care , i can have an objective opinion . 
  but the fact stands they 'd go at war with each other , and not bother western europe if that happened . 
  just because you have allies in the war , does n't meant it 's not war . 
  last i checked usa is a part of nato ... 
  so yes , it 's nato 's fault . 
  and please stop joking , you 're about as much as enemies to terrorists as are kangaroos . 
  they care nothing for you . 
  maybe after they take over france and uk and spain and germany then they 'll want to complete europe , but lithuania with about 2 million people and a territory of average desert is syria is hardly any `` enemy '' of muslim terrorists . 
  but you are ... 
  i 'm sure there are lithuanian soldiers right now , serving in nato army somewhere , afghanistan , wherever . 
  you do n't see having your soldiers in someones country as war ? 
  and lmao no , those migrants would n't existed if nato did n't meddle it 's fingers . 
  compare islamic terror attacks in western europe before nato started meddling everywhere ( let 's say 80s ) and after ? 
  there 's a big spike yes ? 
  true none in lithuania , but honestly , do you think muslim terrorists could even point out lithuania on the map ? 
  and one with the catholic serbs as well . 
  truly we 're everywhere . 
  well you guys are giving it a pretty good try for trying to get bombed by other nato countries . 
  we 'll see how it goes for you , and if it goes well ... maybe we 'll get there too . 
  well which nato country is n't at war with someone at this moment ? 
  just because a war is being fought far away from your borders , does n't mean you 're at peace . 
  especially considering that your army is fighting that war , your people , your soldiers . 
  and you could argue that most of them have n't seen peace , since most of them have terrorist attacks in their own countries . 
  that 's totally not a byproduct of nato getting involved in everyones milk/soup . 
  if you call having to live worrying about being blown up or run over peace , sure , they 're at peace . 
  only if you cut off all your fingers could you count the number of times any military alliance brought peace . 
  we honestly could n't give more than two fucks about it . 
  even if worst comes to worst , montenegro would n't invade us or attack us , nor we would them . 
  serbs in montenegro are n't too happy about it though . 
  `` inside '' i 'm not in the us mate . 
  but you do n't know how much i 've heard that reasoning for picking trumps side . 
  entire europe can sleep well now , sure in their dreams while being well defended by the mighty montenegrin army . 
  because as we know , montenegrin army is already asleep . 
  no , no , see . 
  you got it all wrong . 
  we wanted trump so usa gets fucked from the inside . 
  i mean we were winners either way because usa would get fucked if hillary got picked as well , but hey , trump would do it faster and better so we wanted him . 
  yeah i 'm sure now that even parrots in bulgaria have better knowledge of history than you . 
  and here we can see the small brain that only nationalism can fit in . 
  russia literally liberated your country . 
  russia wanted to make it as a big as possible ( san-stefano plan ) since it could easily reinforce it if ottomans got back into power . 
  but all you can say is  bulgaria biggestest stronkest power in coalition , we would rekt all if it was not for those pesky serbs making alliances unlike you i have proof for what i 'm saying https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_balkan_war#fall_of_adrianople_and_serbo-bulgarian_friction  subsequently the serbs officially protested , pointing out that although they had sent their troops to adrianople to win for bulgaria territory whose acquisition had never been foreseen by their mutual treaty , [ 65 ] the bulgarians had never fulfilled the clause of the treaty requiring bulgaria to send 100,000 men to help the serbians on their vardar front . 
  but when it came to honoring the treaty  the friction escalated some weeks later when the bulgarian delegates in london bluntly warned the serbs that they must not expect bulgarian support on their adriatic claims . 
  the serbs angrily replied that was a clear withdrawal from the prewar agreement of mutual understanding according to the kriva palanka-adriatic line of expansion , but the bulgarians insisted that in their view , the vardar macedonian part of the agreement remained active and the serbs were still obliged to surrender the area as agreed . 
  [ so you literally wanted everybody to honor the parts of the treaty that gave territory to bulgaria but did n't want to honor any parts of the treaty regarding anything else . 
  adrianople was never supposed to be attacked by bulgars , it was and you asked for our assissetence even . 
  you did n't provide military help in vardar macedonia , as you promised . 
  you would n't back our claims on what we were supposed to get . 
  but yeah the parts of the agreement regarding anything bulgaria got , those were still in effect . 
  and you accuse us of landgrabbing , insane . 
  and yet somehow most of you do n't know anything about it . 
  i was n't asking for special treatment of serbia , invade all you want , but treat the civilians and prisoners with dignity , just like we did yours . 
  you took the complete opposite route . 
  and what happened in 1913 was you did n't back up our claims when we asked you to , we did n't back up your claims either . 
  and as already mentioned , the agreement was you provide help to liberate territory of fyrom , your army stood at the border and watched while we liberated it . 
  and to top that , not whole of fyrom was intended for bulgaria even if the treaty was in effect , north was ours . 
  but it is common sense , since the treaty did n't apply to what was agreed would be serbian and bulgaria did n't want to back us on that , why should it apply for bulgaria and what was supposed to go to you ? 
  it should n't and well because of that the treaty was null and void . 
  that 's what you did ... annexed eastern rumelia and hence broken the treaty you signed and agreed to and breaking your promise . 
  shit , even russia broke contact with you after that , and they supported you the most of all other nations . 
  but since you moved on to balkan war i , you mean serbian army that liberated fyrom , while bulgarian one which was promised to help stood at the borders and watched ? 
  or the land grabbing bulgaria did by attacking more of ottoman land that was never supposed to be attacked , failling and then asking us for help , ottoman garrission surrendering to us ( since unlike you , we actually treated prisoners with respect ) and then bulgarians completely erasing every mention of our help from everything ? 
  yeah , with friends like you , no wonder we wanted to make a decent alliance with greece . 
   russia is implicated in a possible montenegrin coup and the recent events in macedonia and yet everybody they arrested was serbian . 
  not to mention there probably was n't any coup at all happening . 
  the guys they arrested helped assassinate our own prime minister , so they 're pretty good at this.i 'm sure they would have no problem with montenegro ... 
  there really is n't much russian propaganda here . 
  people are disillusioned with both , we know russia only acts in it 's own interest . 
  same goes for eu . 
  currently russian interests align with ours more , at least in several very hot issues , which makes us like russia more . 
  ordinary people do n't give a fuck whether you trade more with russia or eu . 
  they care about issues such as kosovo , or hell who were we at war with , who supported our enemies . 
  that 's what the majority cares about . 
  i 'm not talking about bulgaria or any other country , mainly serbia . 
  we can see through propaganda more clearly from both sides , since from 1990 to 2004 all we had was propaganda . 
  as in people do n't believe at all what is being written in the papers , whether it 's pro-eu or pro-russia , pro-vucic or pro-opposition . . 
  even the most ardent supporters of russia do n't see it as a solution to all our problems .
