  literally nobody wants to resurrect any empires , not russia , not iran , not uk , not italy , not turkey ... nobody wants that . 
  it 's a fairly tale . 
  though houthis are n't the regime . 
  there 's the regime ( backed by sa ) , rebels against both ( houthis ) and sa-led coalition of forces . 
  out of all evils they 're the least . 
  besides you guys paint yourself as fairy tale angels who are always right against the palestinians . 
  and you 've done your fair share of atrocities too . 
  does that make israel worse than palestinians ? 
  that 's just how things are . 
  you ca n't have a decent civil war . 
  yeah and have you ever had a civil war without war crimes ? 
  will you ever have it ? 
  there 's no good guys there on any side , only bad and worse . 
  and houthis are n't as bad as ksa . 
  literally everyone does . 
  it 's the most profitable business around . 
  only difference is the guys your nation is backing are never terrorists , but always their enemies . 
   houthis commited war crimes against whom ? 
  the same sa that invaded their country of yemen , commited numerous war crimes and blocked yemen causing an famine which kills more people than anywhere else in the world right now ? 
  sure , they 're the bad guys . 
  it 's a pretty bullshit ranking , since it only counts the number of visa free agreements and nothing else . 
  ie , country with 28 visa free european states agreements has the same rank as a passport with visa free access to 28 african countries . 
  does that mean they 're the same rank , same desirability , same power of a passport ? 
  fuck no . 
  a passport giving you access to usa agreement free is treated as 1 point while giving you one to timor is also 1 point . 
  hardly a decent ranking system . 
  to be honest burgas bombing had nothing aimed against europeans or europe . 
  it was against the israelites . 
  not like that makes it right , but it just goes to show that iran does n't really sponsor terrorist attacks on europe/europeans . 
  and it has less human rights issues than saudi arabia that 's for sure . 
  most issues they have are with jews , and we should n't get involved either way in it , on either side . 
  never argued it was a fair vote . 
  just saying if it was , you still would have joined with germany . 
  a village and an a town ( not even in austria ) barely meant anything . 
  and there is a big difference between the proposed referendum which never happened and between a fair referendum . 
  and it 's not like the planned referendum without german interference would be fair from the same wiki article  to secure a large majority in the referendum , schuschnigg dismantled the one-party state . 
  he agreed to legalize the social democrats and their trade unions in return for their support in the referendum . 
  [ 30 ] he also set the minimum voting age at 24 to exclude younger voters because the nazi movement was most popular among the young . 
   he also set the minimum voting age at 24 to exclude younger voters because the nazi movement was most popular among the young . 
  seems fair right ? 
  you wanted to point out that crimean referendum was unfair , by pointing out that austrian referendum that happened pretty much the same way was also unfair yet completely ignore the fact that in both cases , the presence or the lack of presence of soldiers , would not have changed the outcome at all . 
  they both would have ended as a yes vote . 
  but in both cases if there were no `` foreign '' soldiers a referendum would n't have happened ... because the nations would n't let it ( which is hardly any better than having one with foreign presence ) or it would have been even more biased ( as in austria where they raised the voting age and changed the whole system ) both referendums happened , and were in a sense `` more fair '' than what would have happened if they were n't held ( or were held the way the nations ( like austria ) would have wanted it ) go repeat the referendum in crimea right now , get an international force there , and you 'll get the same results . 
  go back in time , do the same for austria , and they 'd vote yes to join either way . 
  is that not more fair than what would have happened otherwise ? 
  do you think ukraine would ever allow a crimean referendum ? 
  despite that fact that 90 % of the people there would rather be a part of russia than ukraine ? 
  that would be fair ? 
  bad example . 
  majority of austrians wanted to join germany , regardless of whether hitler manipulated the referendum in any way shape or form . 
  you want to say citizens of the country supported their allies armies ( armies of rsk/rs who were made out of serbs ) . 
  you invented hot water , you should patent it . 
  croats supported ustase , and yet nobody blamed the civilians for supporting them after the war . 
  not to mention the the jna ( army of sr serbia/fr yugoslavia ) saw 0 use in bosnia and only a little in croatia up until the second half of 1992 . 
  belgrade and serbia were the only nations that actually protested the war and tried to overthrow the government several times . 
  but keep living in your made up nato bubbles . 
   were enlisiting in the armed forces in sr serbia , when the mobilization order came , only 11 % responded . 
  you 're wrong as you can be . 
  serbia did n't do any of that stuff . 
  bosnian serbs did , what is now republic of srpska and in croatia republic of srpska krajina . 
  it was not ruled by the government of serbia then , it was not ruled by government of serbia now . 
  secretly ? 
  what 's secret about that ? 
  how did you confuse easteu with south europe ? 
  literally nobody mentioned eastern europe , but southern europe . 
  correct but this is not head of the government but head of state which would be president aleksandar vucic or king or prime minister , depending on the time of the week . 
  well in this case he is , since the international law is on his side . 
  literally europe made the recommendation and the law . 
  dodik follows it . 
  if he did n't you 'd come and bitch about how he does n't follow law . 
  his personal opinion on whether genocide happened or not , is irrelevant , since he was n't the one making the law . 
  the fact that the law goes more in his favour is just european decision , not some mad thing he made happen maybe osce feels guilty , who knows . 
  nobody said it would be easy . 
  i 'm saying it would have worked if land-lease was critical . 
  it was n't and so it would n't have worked at all . 
  glad i finally got you to recognize that . 
  because russians and germans were allies at the start ? 
  well at least , not enemies . 
  oh look , you got another of the points that prove me right correct . 
  land-lease was irrelevant . 
  a lot less germans also , western front was nothing compared to eastern . 
  and they had allies . 
  if they armed the french people when they liberated i 'm sure a lot of them would join to fight the germans . 
  and yet naval invasions worked . 
  what brits were just stupid and could n't think of one ? 
  why waste the 3x more support on them ? 
  could have given su 3 times more support and end the war in 1942-43 ? 
  well in a world in which land-lease played any part it would end at that time . 
  in real world however , it would still be over in 1945 . 
  not when you have the mighty lend-lease behind you providing all the materials and  and `` confidential interview '' in which he is `` quoted as saying '' is hardly anything else than a fairy tale . 
  your source is about as reliable as balkan newspaper . 
  confidential interview ( of which there is no trace anywhere ) is just another buzzword for i pulled it out of my ass . 
  and read the entire thing , shit read the entire site and you 'll see how credible your `` source '' is . 
  about the author . 
   first of all i am a non-traditional student , and i did not begin by historical studies until i was in my forties  now i find myself teaching social studies at a junior high school . 
  truly a man who 's an expert on the area . 
  social studies teacher . 
  there 's a reason nobody quotes his work in scientific field . 
  because it 's all ... you know . 
  once again this land lease bullshit and quoting things that allies said to each other ?
