  essentially , orthodox church is the one , undivided church since christianity made one . 
  catholic one begins in 1054 . 
  i do n't know about / u/tvrtkoikraljsrbljem but i 'd love to be accused of being french . 
  well ... let 's just say if you did it in hungary now , there would be no riots , 
  and then they get sick of manipulations from new guys and hit them over the head . 
  well he has kittens . 
  that makes him a good guy in my book . 
  what does that matter ? 
   yeah but look at the latest elections , srs did n't even get 5 % and even if we look at the parliamentary elections he has a bit more than 20 seats . 
  because the youth voted for beli ... not anybody who wanted to proclaim mladic and karadzic as criminals , ie ceda jovanovic . 
   in addition lets not forget the fact that just a month before the elections seselj was freed from hague which allowed him to regain his trust with his base apparently his `` base '' is the youth , which directly conflicts with you saying youth dislikes/condemns karadzic and mladic . 
   i think dosta je bilo is actually very liberal and they definitely condemn everything that happened 20 years ago . 
  sure , they are . 
  and even they would n't proclaim or declare karadzic and mladic as criminals . 
  they believe everyone is at fault . 
  but since nobody else is getting branded for it , or prosecuting and branding their own criminals and vilifying them in the population , neither they will nor anybody else in serbia will . 
   well unlike you i was in russia and had a completely different impression . 
  my intention was not to mislead or deceive anyone . 
  that 's because `` progressive '' people surrounded themselves with only the people that think they same and call themselves `` liberal and open-minded '' i know people on both sides of the spectrum , and a whole lot of them are more in favor of karadzic and mladic then against . 
  which the polls also show . 
  if it was the other way , be sure that our benevolent overlord a.v would have acted already and proclaimed them criminals to gather more popular support and gather more accolades from the eu . 
  but it 's not , in fact he 'd lose the vast majority if his voters if he did that . 
   and that he ran away like a coward in the end , i mean even hitler had more `` honor '' than that . 
  no , hitler ran away to argentina also , to reunite with the true love of his life pavelic , and there they happily shared their farm and marriage , and happily spent the rest of their lives together . 
  what a load of bollocks . 
  i 'm from serbia too . 
  and literally nobody thinks of karadzic and mladic as criminals . 
  yeah but my reasoning is based by the facts that in parliamentary elections , when it comes to youth voting , sns was first , and srs was second in popularity ( 35 , vs 21 % ) . 
  or the fact that a study recently done among belgrade students show that only 29 % would vote to enter the eu . 
  or the fact that majority of youth actually voted for shit like dveri , djb , beli , srs , and not the parties that would like to say that mladic and karadzic were criminals had to make a 3 party coalition just to get 5 % . 
   in regards to stalin , that 's false too . 
  communist dictators and the soviet union 's popularity is rapidly decreasing especially among young russians . 
  oh please , give me more lies . 
  i 'm laughing so hard . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/02/15/positive-views-of-stalin-among-russians-reach-16-year-high-poll-shows/?utm_term=.abfe45bbebc4 https://themoscowtimes.com/news/stalins-popularity-in-russia-reaches-16-year-high-57152 https://www . 
  ( russian `` propaganda '' site banned on reddit ) . com/politics/383597-stalins-popularity - in-russia-grows / you can even pick your sources on this , far right ones , far left ones , whatever , they all agree . 
  because everyone knows it 's kuka and motika ( peasants ) that either save the government or overthrow it , not the self absorbed `` intellectuals '', 
  no it 's not , apart from some ngos nobody would call them a criminal in serbia . 
  actually if you do that , you 've got a solid chance of getting punched in the face . 
  give it some more time and they 'll be even more popular . 
  like , you know , stalin . 
  in case you did n't notice his popularity is increasing , not decreasing . 
  it 's some reddit bullshit that they 're not seen in a positive light , just the product of reddit being incredibly biased , especially serbian subreddit . 
  since apart from what you would call `` more progressive '' people nobody uses reddit in serbia . 
   edit : oh and a lot of people in russia still regard stalin in positive lights , so there 's that . 
  as oppossed to the majority in serbia not viewing karadzic and mladic in a positive light ? 
  who are you trying to lie to here ? 
  karadzic and mladic are seen in positive light in serbia as well , not to mention republika srpska . 
  but nothing of that is certain to happen like that , it 's a hell of a risk to take . 
  and politicians nowadays do n't care about the state or it 's people , but rather just staying in power . 
  so no , they wo n't take such risks . 
   i expect italy to do the right thing for it 's own people . 
  if the right thing was to let millions of immigrants in for no good reason , then good for them , but that 's clearly not the case . 
  but they are . 
  by all chances most of migrants wo n't stay in italy . 
  and it 's would not be good for italian people to get sanctioned by germany . 
  to be condemned and sanctions by the un , eu , whoever . 
  way worse then hosting migrants for a time , until they find a way to smuggle themselves to germany . 
  essentially germany is using financial blackmail to keep greece and italy for taking in the migrants like that . 
   no , they 're being told to let them in by germany and france , you know , the actual voice of the eu that everyone else seems to be required to obey . 
  so why exactly do you expect that italy could ever do what other nations are doing to stop the migrants ? 
   oh , they cant be bothered going all the way to the place that allegedly actually wants them , so they need to impose the problem on another country ? 
  that 's exactly what 's happening . 
  or have n't you been following the story ? 
  it was n't italy that said we 'll take all of them , it was merkel , germany . 
  by all rights , all of them should go to germany . 
   as i 've already said , germany should get it 's own paddle boats out if it 's that concerned . 
  it 's a matter of geography . 
  say that to your german overlords , not me . 
  and you think italians are and that 's why they 're letting them in ? 
   i 'm sure there are a bunch of ngo vessels they are , but people still need to pay for gas , and a trip to hamburg lasts a lot more than to italy . 
  so they chose italy . 
  and germany would make a shitshow if italy began turning back all the boats with migrants . 
  for refugees yes . 
  for migrants no . 
  since they 're migrating to europe . 
  so ... italy . 
  or you know , the migrants do n't really try to get to other ports by boats , since italy is the closest ? 
  yeah i 'm sure it 's all the rage to sail from libya to hamburg . 
   you could buy shirts with their face 1 year ago in city centre of belgrade well ... guess what ? 
  you still can . 
  and you 'll still be able to 100 years from now , 
  lmao . 
  just trying to point out to everyone that the article that reached the top last time , was just usa news twisting her words . 
   `` the serbian prime minister said her words had been misinterpreted by the us news agency , and handed over a full transcript of her interview with bloomberg , which had no words attributed to her . 
  we judge by these explanations . '', 
  but ... 
  it 's already thursday . 
   we should punish siemens and germany hahahahaa come on , germany plays by different rules than anybody else . 
  just like with nord stream 2 . 
  difference being when you say american values people know you 're thinking of the us . 
  when you say europe , it is not ( well yet at least ) assumed that you 're just talking about the eu . 
  and he clearly did n't mean just the eu , since he was mocking the non-eu nations . 
  then call it eu values , not european values . 
  europe is a whole lot bigger than the eu . 
  and not even all of eu shares the same values . 
  as for example this poll shows . 
  he is claiming those are european ( continent ) values not european ( union ) values . 
  ironic that you said this while taking the time to actually check out his post history . 
  does this mean that you 're even worse than him ?
