  it was heretical even among the orthodox no ... orthodoxy supported having liturgy , prayers and bibles in their own languages for all the people , and have n't considered greek above it , or any language to be chosen by god to be most appropriate to perform liturgy in . 
  catholics on the other hand wanted to impose latin on everyone . 
  was already posted 3 times . 
  however as reality stands , it was n't and it is n't . 
  how about you blame yourselves for this one , instead of us ? 
  i 'd agree but yugoslavia did n't produce m16 or nato weapons so this was n't bought here . 
  would n't explain why only serbia , hungary , croatia kept it then . 
  pretty sure hungarians themselves spread this word , or avars as the post says . 
  oh so what , in order to comment on his ideals , i need to wait for him to publish a book on them read it and then comment ? 
  i work with what he has written . 
  if he was indeed just repeating thing his post was completely useless as another poster pointed out . 
  except thats wrong since it was the highest rayed reply to his post for a while until the inappropriate thought patrol squad showed up so people did agree, 
  or perhaps a saudi imam . 
  point is they could have easily discarded his rantings about allah and islam as part of the mental illness . 
  just like they tried to hide plenty of crimes commited by them as not to incite religious hatred, 
  sure , as soon as you stop pushing yours . 
  can you really blame them , considering what we did to ? 
  i speak of course of serbian/croatian/bosnian war songs . 
  turned out people know more about those and know them more than what actually happened in the war . 
  perhaps this is how ukraine - russia conflict will be remembered in 20 years . 
  not who won , but who had the better memes . 
  uhm , obviously i do n't believe the poster tried to imply that , but the other way around . 
  the fact that you needed to ask this ... does n't make me impressed by your deduction skills, 
  you are correct in what you state . 
  and are only proving my point do you know they said the man was from `` former yugoslavia '' ? 
  german media has no trouble calling serbs criminals or bosnians or croats or macedonians ( even when they are not any of this ethnicity ) . 
  kosovo albanians on the other hand ? 
  ca n't go there mate . 
  so yes he was a junkie , he might have been mentally ill . 
  but he was also a muslim from kosovo  previously police had said several attackers were involved and two were arrested , but they later said one suspect was behind the assault , a 36-year-old man from kosovo living in wuppertal . 
  it 's called having an opinion literally everyone has one . 
  and i work with what i read , i ca n't guess what he 's talking about . 
  if he did n't write what he thought or was n't clear , that 's on him . 
  he did imply it . 
  if you ca n't see that , that 's your problem he implied that the only reason they plot and do this kind of a thing as a revenge was because they were told to leave which further implies that if they were n't told to leave and were accepted they would n't do such a thing . 
  what yugoslavia ? 
  it does n't exist . 
  and my point exactly was that we did have human rights . 
  we signed the declaration we promised to play good whatever . 
  and when the conflict started not a single side held their word , everyone did things against human rights . 
  same as did russia in ukraine same as ukraine did in ukraine . 
  same as usa did in pakistan/afghanistan/libya / syria/yugoslavia . 
  same as france did in libya . 
  same as any other conflict in the world . 
  the grievances in small wars are small in scale . 
  in bigger wars they 're bigger . 
  or do you think people in this countries said fuck human rights we do n't abide by them ? 
  of course not . 
  in most countries , every punishment has a minimum and a maximum of prison time that someone might be sentenced to it . 
  i 'm guessing the news just decided to quote the maximum punishment for obvious reasons . 
  the real punishment the judge can say anything between min and max , depending on what really happened . 
  i 'm by no means an expert on the french law but this is what i dig up . 
  do n't really know what happened in the fires though  involuntarily destroying , defacing or damaging property belonging to other persons by an explosion or fire caused by a failure to observe a duty of safety or care imposed by statute or regulation is punished by one year 's imprisonment and a fine of $ 15,000 . 
   in the event of a deliberate violation of a duty of safety or care imposed by statute or regulations , the penalties incurred are increased to two years ' imprisonment and to a fine of $ 30,000 . 
   where this is a forest fire , or fire in woodland , heathland , bush , plantations , or land used for reforestation and belonging to another person , the penalties are increased to two years ' imprisonment and a fine of $ 30,000 in cases provided for by the first paragraph , and to three years ' imprisonment and a fine of $ 45,000 in cases provided for by the second paragraph . 
   if the fire takes place in such natural conditions as to expose people to bodily harm or to cause irreversible environmental damage , the penalties are increased to three years ' imprisonment and to a fine of $ 45,000 in cases provided for by the first paragraph , and to five years ' imprisonment and a fine of $ 100,000 in cases provided for by the second paragraph . 
   if the fire has caused another person a total incapacity for work not exceeding eight days , the penalties are increased to five years ' imprisonment and a fine of $ 75,000 in cases provided for by the first paragraph , and to seven years ' imprisonment and a fine of $ 100,000 in cases provided for by the second paragraph . 
   if the fire has caused the death of one or more persons , the penalties are increased to seven years ' imprisonment and a fine of $ 150,000 in cases provided for by the second paragraph . 
  from this we can gather he 's probably being charged by second and third paragraph which would result in five years plus 100 000e fine . 
  but that does n't mean that they will manage to prove it , he might as well be guilty maybe of 1st and 3rd or maybe even just first , depending on the evidence . 
  the news is just being money making news . 
   world power lmao , rules . 
  usa does n't play by them . 
  china does n't play by them . 
  russia does n't play by them . 
  but eu must ? 
  i do n't even care i 'm not part of the eu , but do n't pretend like eu ca n't stop this . 
  it can . 
  and nothing would happen to it . 
  it does n't want to . 
  man , junkies do n't go around killing people , they rob people so they can score the next hit . 
  if they murder someone it 's usually an accident , they do n't go around in public squares in broad daylight stabbing everyone . 
  lmao what ? 
  no they would n't . 
  is suddenly greece , italy , spain and hungary bordering syria ? 
  pakistan or in this case saudi arabia ? 
  secure those borders . 
  secure the mediterranean . 
  eu has the resources . 
  germany for sure does n't need it 's navy to protect baltic sea route of the refugees . 
  use it in the mediterranean on request from italy or greece . 
  maybe this will finally buy some goodwill towards germs instead of people hating them for handling this . 
  oh please , everytime there is danger human rights go flying out the window . 
  where were the human rights when ira was bombing civilians ? 
  where were human rights on the balkans ? 
  where are human rights in ukraine ? 
  belarus ? 
  where were human rights in georgia ? 
  every conflict everywhere in the world no matter what it is . 
  human rights go away with the morning trash . 
  eu just does n't want to admit it 's in conflict . 
  you 're `` too tolerant '' and `` too progressive '' for that . 
   had been told to leave the country , and instead they plot and do this kind of thing for `` revenge '' against the population here . 
  so what you 're saying is eu should let everyone in so they do n't to this kinds of revenge in return for denying them ? 
  yeah because that 's what you really want in your population , when it 's denied something to go in a killing spree . 
  i know that . 
  my point is exactly they 're obfuscating . 
  and my point is that not all south asians do it . 
  just a certain group ( muslims ) from a certain country ( pakistan ) which join up with other muslims from anywhere . 
  mostly east african ones .
