  exactly . 
  so cheaper pricing is not a double standard . 
  if they made it any more expensive , nobody would buy it . 
  it 's survival for the companies . 
  and there is plenty of competition to provide things at a cheaper price . 
  however lying about the same product in two places , even if sold at different prices if the content is n't the same the product is n't the same , pure and simple , is double standards . 
  lmao , this is idiotic and has nothing to do with any kind of `` double standards '' pricing for companies goes `` what 's the most a person is willing to pay for it '' in norway it 's 2e try selling coke in serbia for 2e . 
  you 'll go bankrupt as a company . 
  plenty of competition , ie cockta from slovenia . 
  shit , the german sinalco used to be more popular here than cola . 
  simply by virtue of being cheaper . 
  so no , this is n't a double `` standard '' . 
  you ca n't sell your stuff to a beggar for more money than what he has . 
  and they have to sell it . 
  otherwise they go bankrupt . 
  for this specifically soda market is shrinking , not expanding . 
  they have to keep the current customers at least . 
  fuck if i know , i 'm not an expert . 
  i was talking about psychological state of soldiers , they need every relief that they can get , as in if priests blessing them and their equipment makes them feel betters , good on the priests . 
  and well let 's be honest , priests have been blessing weapons since the dawn of time , no matter the religion . 
  some even fought in wars , recently , sure some do even know . 
  he is and well do n't you think that explains it quite nicely why he is involved in russian arms manufacturing ? 
   it 's just various blessing of weapons that seems extremly fucked up that 10 + holy damage though . 
  on a more serious note , it 's not fucked up . 
  soldiers rely on their weapons and equipment to save their lives . 
  if this makes them feel better about it and better about themselves , i have nothing against it . 
  never claimed they do n't make sense , i support blessing everything , if that 's what they want . 
  if someone bought an mri or factory machine and wants it blessed so be it , i support it . 
  it 's a nice touch . 
  i was just showing that orthodox priests will bless anything if asked . 
  and ... ? 
  romania is orthodox . 
  lack of diversity ? 
  http://ocdn.eu/pulscms-transforms/1/fvjk9kpturbxy84mthioda2mge2ztewngixoda2ztcxymq3owuwnjy5mi5qcgerlalnblaawoghmqi here in serbia they 're blessing a local waterworks . 
  so everybody drinks holy water, 
  ah yes , well orthodox priests will bless anything https://imgur.com/gallery/fgbhy ours went after the gay parade and blessed and cleansed the road they walked on . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  russians training dogs to spy on their owners , us embassy personnel . 
  she 's a former kgb agent for sure . 
  thank god this is n't an issue , otherwise i 'd have to learn the third anthem in my lifetime . 
   patriarchate of belgrade well that shape seems oddly familiar, 
   remember every refugee has a homeland and a conflict which has a cause , often that cause was already identified a decade in advance and we simply ignored it . 
  we ignored it ? 
  why is it our issue ? 
  last i checked those refugees have a homeland as you pointed out that has a government , that is supposed to deal with these issues . 
  it should n't be europe saving everybody , how about they work a little on saving themselves ? 
  they 've known everything we known for decades too , and done nothing about it . 
  except you know take farms away from people who knew how to farm give it to those that do n't , starve and then beg for people who know how to farm to come back . 
  do n't like the government ? 
  does n't solve your issues ? 
  change the government . 
  peacefully , if not , violently . 
  it 's not our issue . 
  it should n't be our issue . 
   birth rates i 'll just say not correct . 
  and say one word . 
  china . 
  it can be handled . 
  african governments do n't want to deal with any issue that crosses that paths . 
  any issue . 
  they do nothing . 
  they think everyone will always go after them and cleanup their messes or help them with money , machinery , food , whatever . 
  force them to cleanup their own messes and make decisions . 
  that 's how you make them progress . 
  not by handing out free everything . 
  of course . 
  but at least usa and russians do n't pretend to play by our rules . 
  while germs want to not be seen as that while pulling the same shit as them . 
  well sorry but , act like them , you 'll get treated like them , no exceptions . 
  of course . 
  but at least usa and russians do n't pretend to play by our rules . 
  while germs want to not be seen as that while pulling the same shit as them . 
  i dislike germs for what they 've done to my country . 
   these `` minor sematics '' make a major difference . 
  when germany is concerned ... yes . 
  if it was anyone else . 
  anybody else tries pulling shit like this and you 'd shit all over them . 
  literally everything you just argued is minor semantics . 
  funny how germs always use that to point out how cases that benefit them are special because of minor semantics . 
  to paraphrase the immortal rodney trotter  you sell pawing stones to the rioters what do you expect them do to with it , pave roads ? 
  of course not , you expect them to throw it at the police . 
  this was siemens russia case . 
  this is the same as selling a gun to a person that murdered in berlin but promises not to in frankfurt . 
  every case that profits germany the mostly is a special case . 
  that 's the problem . 
  quit doing that and everybody will be happy . 
  yeah them oh really , siemens sued russia for giving them turbines ? 
  for russia lying about where they will use them ? 
  they bought them they can use them wherever they bloody like . 
  would it be okay per germans if they installed it first where they said and then moved it ? 
  merkel literally pushed to resume building ss after it was halted ( in german ) . 
  germany was generally supportive of south stream . 
  south stream was canceled due to pressure from eu commission , german dominated eu commission which looks after germ interests . 
  there 's no difference between it and nordstream two , except germany has higher profits and higher control over nordstream . 
   uhm . 
  the court dealings against vw are still ongoing ? 
  uhm , does it matter ? 
  they wo n't get punished . 
   look here for reference . 
  german companies get sanctioned for wrongdoing like companies from other countries .
