  he is acting like the only thing that led to a downfall of yugoslavia is serbian nationalism , and that 's delusional . 
  so ... you 're admitting then the system is falling apart ? 
  that 's what i 'm claiming , not that independent judiciary and rule of law is the threat to it . 
  also know what 's the second worst thing to do after that happens ? 
  intervention by foreign powers in that country . 
  every fighting results in ethnic cleansing  they just invented the term itself in 90s so they can present it as a horrifying thing and gather sympathy . 
  lmao , no . 
  my comment is saying that this is the fault of some fucking sanu memorandum is so out of touch with reality you might as well be an extra-dimensional being . 
  could it have been helped ? 
  possibly . 
  was it helped ? 
  you know yugoslavia had a deal with the eu in 1990 . 
  5 billion in aid and a membership in eu . 
  you know who was the first to stand up and reject it ? 
  that 's right franjo tudjman/croatia . 
  i 'm just saying here , blaming it all on milosevic or some memorandum is out of touch with reality . 
  and i deal with facts . 
  it was n't helped , it was known beforehand that these 3 should n't have gotten in power , and yet they did . 
  it was known that they were disruptive elements , and nobody did anything about it . 
  so yes , in a sense of nobody doing anything about anything it was destined to fail, 
  right ... because these things never happen right ? 
  i mean how could possibly a large system of alliances lead to war , that 's crazy . 
  how could internal turmoil between different ethnicites in a union lead to it 's downfall ? 
  insane theory how could one country dominating and ordering the smaller countries in a union lead to hatred on all sides ? 
  now i 'm just talking bollocks right ... sure sure . 
  i 'm arguing that you have no idea what you 're talking of . 
  ie , for example , yugoslavia was never a part of the former warsaw pact , nor the eastern bloc at all , but the non-aligned movement . 
  and 3 potentially disruptive elements ? 
  they were leaders of their republics mate ? 
  how is that small ? 
  you know yugoslavia existed also before the communist version . 
  go look up what happened in that version , 
  until the system falls apart , yes . 
  then you get ethnic cleansing  and well the system in eu is n't perfect and this situation is n't helping . 
  how long before germans decide to liberate poland from evil authoritarian regime of their new leading party ? 
  because they do n't bow to eu demands ? 
  what if they even get elected a second time ? 
  oh please . 
  blaming sanu for this is a fucking meme . 
  tito put alija izetbegovic ( muslim leader ) in prison for his views that threatened yugoslav unity . 
  tito convicted franjo tudjman and put him under arrest for the same thing , he was leader of croats . 
  tito convicted and put stjepan mesic under arrest for the same thing , threating views to yugoslav unity . 
  he was a croat that was the president of entire yugoslavia in the 1990s . 
  even tito knew if these 3 ever got in power they 'll ruin fucking everything . 
  but no let 's blame it all on some fucking memorandum and milosevic ( which was never convicted of anything like that ... ) it was destined to die , the moment these 3 got into legit political offices . 
  everyone always thinks they 're doing the right thing in this situation and that their side is right  you think we went around ethnically cleansing each other in yugoslavia because we liked it ? 
  no , every side believed they were right and were fighting for those exact same things . 
  do n't pretend like you 're better or more civilized than us . 
  the reason eu countries are not at war or hostile with each other is central authority and propaganda , just the same as in yugoslavia . 
  give it time family . 
  considering how well all of this is going ... 
  awww , such brotherhood and unity inside the eu kinda like the one we had , 
  it 's absurd to even have such rumours . 
  yeah we really have nothing better to do than go to croatia and start fires . 
  and the source was what he read on some portals/papers come on , do they really have nothing else to print ? 
  literally says  today , around 0.1 % of the population in poland is muslim https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_poland so no . 
  you 're wrong . 
   orthodox folks of caucasus can do more than just not wanting them parading by the way , seriously , i 'm not sure which parallel universe you 're living in . 
  i do n't know what kind of world you 're living in . 
  it 's not the orthodox doing rounding up gay people in checneya and killing them last i checked kadyrov is and he is a muslim . 
  and other muslim chechens do it . 
  last i checked orthodox people anywhere do not have camps for them or execute gay people . 
  go shovel shit of `` islam is a liberal faith '' elsewhere . 
  oh come on here , someone needs to be blamed for these , who else will it be  i mean your subreddit is already in on it  https://i.imgur.com/vh4go3w.png i 'm only grateful that we have pernar to defend us there . 
  ( if he ever figures out how to use reddit ... ), 
  because they represent less than 0.1 % of the population ? 
  nobody is against things they do n't see . 
  face it , in every country where there is a bigger muslim presence they do these things . 
  and in every country where they formed their own ghettos , they do these things . 
   if you 're for it , serbs are also some pretty homophobic nation we are . 
  but we do n't go rounding them up , locking them in , shooting them , executing them , or exiling them . 
  we just do n't want them parading around and promoting it as normal or standard . . 
  which is more than reasonable . 
  you 're not from ukraine now are you ? 
  i 'm talking about being in a union with a country that bombed yours not that long ago . 
  last i checked for germany it was 70 years ago . 
  or do you want to tell me that in 1960s ddr people were perfectly happy being in the union with russia and it was not totally against their will ? 
  not if they 're useful to you  not even `` moderate '' muslim rebels which cut off heads get sanction either  instead they receive support even bin laden was hailed as a freedom fighter until he turned . 
   ordinary citizens with no special rights still have the right to get married though no they do n't . 
  marriage in most countries is defined as a union between a man and a women . 
  and they do n't in most churches . 
   dude the eu and america trade with saudi arabia , which is so conservative on the idea of gay rights that it 's actually illegal yeah and ? 
  that 's just goes to show how much of hypocrites they are . 
  which is exactly what i 'm saying  eu and usa are not sanctioning russia because of their gay rights but because of a lot of things like crimea , donbass , mh17 , syria , election interference never claimed they were . 
  not speaking strictly of russia when saying what i 'm saying . 
  they 're just the easiest example . 
  no you 're not . 
  for that to work i would have to believe that people alone in either the case of serbs or the case of muslims here guilty.however i do believe in both cases everyone is to blame . 
  so no , try again . 
  not my discussion with him . 
  i was clear in this just being a way to expose hypocrites . 
  you must support both sides of the coin . 
  and people do n't , not at all . 
  see , countries that support giving more and more rights to gay people are praised for it . 
  those who treat them as ordinary citizens with no special rights and believe in a traditional marriage , are judged for it . 
  for countries that believe in them , fuck off or fit in rule is morally right according to people . 
  you either take or values or leave our country . 
  for countries that do n't believe in them , fuck off or fit in rule is morally wrong according to people . 
  you either accept the `` civilised society '' values or we 'll sanction you . 
  while the other side makes no such threats and actually does n't care .
