  but somehow our redditors think they 're the way everybody in the country thinks and feels like , while in reality , they 're the odd ones out and a minority . 
  now some idiots want to protest ? 
  lmao , why did n't you go out and voted instead ? 
  because everyone who actually thought they could make a change and fought for their beliefs did , and they won , with quite a lead . 
  better to sit in your room and cry about how uneducated peasants are the only ones voting for vucic . 
  are you ? 
  of course not , look at today , you have a bunch of nations that are n't in the un and half the un does n't recognize them , half does . 
  spain would be first in the eu not to recognize it because of catalonia for example . 
  every country looks to their own interest and act based on it . 
  it 's not in their interest to recognize it and they wo n't , nobody cares whether it is the right thing to do or not . 
  but that is what happened in the balkans ... or what do you think we simply said `` we 're independent '' and the nations and the world took as at our world ? 
  that ottomans chose to accept it ? 
  except we were the ones who won so history does n't remember the decimation of turks and leveling of towns that belonged to the ottomans . 
  bulgarians were particularly cruel to the ottomans in repayment for the ottoman deeds in the april uprising for them . 
  but the manta is , ottomans were evil so history forgets it and does n't mention it , while in fact the majority of people were innocent of most crimes . 
  yes but everybody else said no . 
  so you 'd want to only be recognized by russia and be recognized as part of russia by everyone else ? 
  why has n't the same right been given to people living in bosnia ? 
  literally none of them enjoy living together in the same state . 
  why not in spain ? 
  catalonia wants a referendum for a long time now . 
  why not in germany ? 
  there is a ton of separatist movements out there . 
  a ton and in some cases they are a majority , whether on a local level or on a town level ? 
  why are n't they all allowed the right for self-determination and independence ? 
  they ignored it for 10 + years . 
  only lately what with populism being all the new rage , they started making arrest . 
  you do n't know about them , but there are . 
  or do you think people who become radicalized just happen to find a bad piece of literature ? 
  plenty of mosques in the west are financed by saudi arabia , and hide weapons inside , do you think that does n't qualify as radical islamic area ? 
  put a such mosque and a few houses around them like that , and grats you have mini checenya . 
  except the only difference here is the scale . 
   they are : shabir dogar , 22 ; shabaz khan , 23 ; shohab dogar , 23 ; yasin hamid , 20 ; usman iddris , 22 ; and joseph suraina , 22 . 
  waqas hussain , 24 , of no fixed abode , will appear at oxford magistrates ' court on 4 april . 
  i can see that they 're all brits , and no `` asians '' or muslims involved at all . 
   you can pretty much declare independence based on the very constitution of the republic you were included at the beginning , yet legal terms aside , it 's a nation 's natural right to determine it 's own statehood if it pleases to do so . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  no , but there were the russian people . 
  it is going back far enough . 
  and there is no nation that did n't rule the balkans one time or another , so i do n't see how that is relevant . 
  and nobody here would say turks invaded the balkans , when we rebelled or declared independence , it was always called a rebellion and turks either put it down , or lost . 
  turks did much worse things in the balkans than russians in checenya and for far longer , and yet you do n't see balkanian fundamentalists blowing up things in turkey do you ? 
  of course it 's relevant , unless acid attacks are a common local tradition in uk ( which they 're not ) it is safe to assume to attackers are muslims or `` asians '' as you would say . 
  and it 's not 2002 , like it only happened then , it was ongoing for 10 + years . 
  so yes , there is clearly bias in the british police . 
   chechnya was n't a part of russia , but invaded by the russian empire . 
  go back far enough , moscow was n't a part of russia , but invaded by the russian empire . 
  it was under russian rule for a long time now , de facto and de jure it was treated by the entire world as russian . 
  you ca n't just go around declaring independence one sided and expect everyone just accepts it . 
  not being able to find suspects because they do n't want to find them and turn a blind eye to the problem . 
  just like in roterham https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal  because most of the perpetrators were of pakistani heritage , several council staff described themselves as being nervous about identifying the ethnic origins of perpetrators for fear of being thought racist ; others , the report noted , `` remembered clear direction from their managers '' not to make such identification . 
  [ 33 ] one home office researcher , attempting to raise concerns about the level of abuse with senior police officers in 2002 , was told not to do so again , and was subsequently suspended and sidelined . 
  [ 34 ] the fact that article does n't mention muslims , means nothing because they 're instructed not to . 
  yes i completely see it . 
  russia `` invaded '' a part of itself for no reasons at all expect to have some fun killing chechens . 
  i mean not even the most anti-russian person could swallow this propaganda . 
  http://www.standard.co.uk/news/crime/sharp-rise-in-number-of-acid-attacks-in-london-met-reveals-a3494816.html  `` corrosive fluids '' have been used in murders , robberies and rapes but more than 70 per cent of cases never reach trial due to difficulty identifying suspects or victims being unwilling to pursue charges . 
  so they should have let the terrorist attacks continue into infinity ? 
  great , i can see how that would work out for them . 
   and as we already are devils of the world , we can do it without any harm to our absolute zero reputation . 
  exactly my point , no matter what you do , you end up as a bad guy . 
  do something about it , evil russians invaded peaceful muslims do n't do something about it , evil russians hate gays and their population arrests them and executes them ( and conveniently forget to mention that it 's not ethnic russians , but islamic fundamentalists doing it ) it does n't matter what the news are , as long as they 're shitting on russia they 're good news and everyone believes it . 
  but it is russia and kremlin doing the brainwashing of the world , not anyone else . 
  yeah checnya was peaceful and non practicing sufi population which you know just kind of happened to start conducting terrorist activites for fun , am i right ? 
  they were ironically conducting these to make fun of fundamentalists am i right ? 
  ironic islamic terrorism . 
  plenty of policemen in uk for example do n't arrest their compatriot islamists even when they commit a crime , if it 's against a women or a gay men . 
  maybe they do n't get arrested , but it 's hardly any better to get beat up and get acid thrown in your face . 
  let 's face it , islamists are the real issue here . 
  they do n't like gays in russia , that is true . 
  but they do n't go around executing and arresting them in moscow or spb , or any other city in which islamists do n't make a majority . 
  chechnya is hardly russia . 
  it 's a piece of the country ruled by islamic fundamentalists . 
  i 'm sure gay people in the rest of europe also get bullied , beaten up and arrested in any parts of the countries in europe where islamists have the majority . 
  what would you have russian government do against kadyrov ( ruler of checnya ) ? 
  last time it happened nobody supported russia , but everybody supported the islamists . 
  it would be the same this time if it happened . 
  i really hope this does n't come true , because my future plans will be ruined . 
  if and when serbia joins the eu , i will become an official translator for the eu , i 'll translate things from serbian to croatian and the other way around . 
  and as we all know uk officials are expert on all things regarding montenegro . 
  now if they could just find it on the map as well ... everybody who was `` arrested '' ( and most were later released ) either had serbian/bosnian/montenegrin citizenship or both , or all three . 
  the article speaks that a group of russian nationalists tried to assassinate milo . 
  yet not a single person who was arrested had anything to do with russia not citizens of russia , never been to russia . 
  in fact montenegro wants serbia to extradite some bar owner or something because they think he organized the whole thing . 
  to be honest if anything out of ordinary happens in the world media always cries `` it 's russia '' soon , when people start pissing green instead of yellow it will be `` russian hackers did it '', 
  there was nothing happening in montenegro by covert russian operatives . 
  it was milo pulling the same stunt as erdogan in order to say in power , because his new policies alienate a big segment of the population . 
  that was n't russia as much as it was stalin . 
  the man had an unhealthy obsession with tito . 
  after stalin died , relationships between us got much better , although never back to old levels since we colluded with dirty capitalists too much . 
  what ? 
  does n't everybody play some kind of a war game as a child ? 
  here paintball was only for rich kids but everybody had those guns that shot little plastic balls . 
  was pretty fun playing partisans vs nazis . 
  uniforms would made that much better though , good on russians for providing them . 
  i would say it 's directly proportional to the amount of sticking it to the us they do . 
   da , zao nam je osame that would seem more like they 're serbs , not vehabije as the old poem goes  ameriko arapin bin ladin  nije turcin vec srbin miladin or  fruska gora suze lije  sto bin laden srbin nije https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhsr45y7ov8, 
  hey , it 's not about the plane , it 's the reason why russia and china can see your stealth planes now with s300 and s400 . 
  it was not worth it for you . 
   at no point did bulgarian paramilitaries go to kill the turks like they did in yugoslavia .
