  that 's kinda literally what i said though . 
  this trend continues , our trade with russia grows and this year will compete with our bih trade for 3rd place . 
  meh , out trade with italy/europe is mainly dependent on cars , and workers in fiat are on strike so ... 
  i do n't foresee the bright future you talk about . 
  i meant serbia . 
  we are worse of . 
  and were worse off in the immediate aftermath of the revolution . 
  not anymore . 
  it 's italy , germany , bih , russia , romania and our trade is steadily increasing with russia . 
  wikipedia data is from 2014 , no longer relevant . 
  between december 2016 to may 2017 , serbian trade with russia increased the most for about 60 million while it decreased with our biggest partner italy by 20 million http://webrzs.stat.gov.rs/website/repository/documents/00/02/53/04/st12062017.pdf since you 're bulgarian you 'll have little trouble understanding our official documents . 
  looking for chapter 6 . 
  so never ? 
   vucic said in brussels today that he received tusk 's `` firm word of honor '' that serbia will become a member of the eu `` when it fulfills obligations '' - but that it was `` not possible to get a concrete date . '', 
  we 're getting the same deal as turkey  fitting . 
  including ours too . 
  does croatia get more than 13 million tourists each year ? 
  should n't you guys be at top ? 
  got ta say , completely omitted it . 
  right , the fact that they speak similar language and border them , while being white christians , makes them unable to be refugees fleeing from war and prosecution right ? 
  we should totally only take refugees we 're not related to at all , and have a different religion so they ca n't ever integrate and always end up causing problems . 
  seems like a good choice . 
  like mate who cares . 
  it 's not a big deal for serbia some tournaments/championships/sports still play our old yugoslav anthem . 
  for montenegro french played it also after a football match . 
  and italians in rome played `` onamo , ` namo '' which is also wrong  lithuania played hej sloveni/hej slavs for us on the football match too greeks played it on a basketball for partizan . 
  italians played old monarchist version of our anthem ( like where they even dug that one up ? ), 
  fucking uefa played us hej slavs . 
  like what i 'm trying to say is , these things happen , chill . 
  poland has no problem with taking in refugees . 
  they took a whole lot of ukrainian refugees oh what those do n't count ? 
  poland took in more refugees than most of these nations that bitch about them not taking in refugees . 
  except the twist is , they were white christians , and were n't muslims , so they do n't count . 
  well yes ? 
  have n't you noticed that they still got the turbines from germany of all places ? 
  so yes . 
  well you might say it 's cruel , but it 's not an ineffective punishment . 
  it 's guarantees the that person who had the punishment will never commit a crime again . 
  well you 're going to love this . 
  and our foreign minister and first deputy prime minister is in love with her . 
  they 're always gifting each other nice small things or sending them through other diplomats , zakharova said he took perfect measurements of her for some traditional clothes but forgot the top button  he invited her to spend a vacation at a festival here now . 
  and she will . 
  who the fuck cares what the economic experts want ? 
  if the people do n't want it , economic experts have no say in it and can not force us in . 
  else they 'll hang off lampposts . 
  your country can decide for itself , and mine can too , do n't mix in our business . 
  mate , everytime italy wants to stop the boats coming , police their waters , sanctions ngos , impound their equipment , it gets fined by the eu for `` whatever rights violation '' this is n't on italy . 
  go make one , but do n't include serbia in it . 
  even on serbian subreddit every comment is against it . 
  we want no part of it . 
  this is so funny because it 's true . 
  literally not a single eu nation ( that matters ) wants to help italy or at least let them do what is reasonable in this situation . 
  but then you as yesterday have threads that try to blame it on china and russia . 
  how delusional are some people here it 's amazing . 
  let 's fine italy for trying to fix the problem , that will surely stop the migrants . 
  my flair is simply because i 'm a traitor to all , half-serb , half-croat , born in bosnia . 
  not really , it would n't do anything to help bond the people together . 
  not that any of us want to bond together though . 
  bosnia is a schizo state , even yesterday rs blocked bih from entering some eu/european transport system or something . 
  how can anybody bond with them when they ca n't even bond with themselves . 
  as will this one . 
  nobody wants a common economic area , and nobody wants a new yugoslavia , so the summit can fuck right off . 
  gee , you live in some fairytales . 
  you do realise that the biggest reason of why slovenia and croatia complained is that so much money was going into kosovo and bosnia ? 
  everybody who was building houses there got massive credits , massive help , from the state to do so , never returned those credits and were forgiven for that . 
  ah right , except albanians really did n't work that hard and certainly did n't `` build belgrade '' , most of you were smugglers just same as now . 
  we built them , we can burn them down . 
  sure you 'll get all your pensions and savings when you stop this non-sense about being an independent state . 
  anybody who declares himself as a citizen of serbia , and not kosovo , already has everything our citizens have . 
  pay compensation for terrorists though ? 
  never . 
  great , do so , nobody is preventing you . 
  i agree with all that for my country ( a non-eu member ) except from ukraine , will gladly take in fellow slavs . 
  well , we never took any smart decisions before , do n't see why it should be different this time but thank you for your concern , 
   you admit to having no arguments whatsoever ? 
  no i just have no interest in trying to convince some random stranger on the internet about this . 
  it does n't affect me at all . 
   i do not see where i accused you of being one , but maybe you would like to do so yourself ? 
  well i wish i was , pretty sure pay is better for being a spy . 
  plus i can go saying my last name , then first name + last name to introduce myself . 
  i 'll just say this one last thing you ca n't even get other states to help italy . 
  other eu states which are a part of brotherhood and unity of it . 
  but you expect russia and china to help you with which you 're in conflict . 
  i mean i do n't care , it 's never going to affect me in any way , and that when i say eu i do n't mean just the representatives in brussels , but all member states . 
  but sure , enjoy bitching about your government not stopping them and blame it on russia , while completely ignoring the fact that your governments do n't want to stop it . 
  they could , they can , they do n't . 
  til : eu is completely powerless , and can do nothing , there is only one approach to fixing the problem and anybody who disagrees is a rusian spy . 
  it 's easy to see why migrants continue to be smuggled in eu when you think like that . 
  just do n't bitch about it later . 
  once again eu does n't need unsc approval to do these . 
   what 's your information about the financial assets of human traffickers ? 
  do you have any ? 
  in that case , you might consider that national governments gave the eu sufficient information for them to understand that a un response might be useful . 
  i do n't but plenty of journalists do . 
  how about you do some research instead of spewing bullshit ? 
  plenty of articles were written on the subject and google is one click away  it 's a better use of your time doing that , than writing responses while knowing nothing . 
  eu does n't need un approval to do that , nor does it need unsc approval to do this . 
  they 're not going at war with the ngos . 
  they 're policing their own borders , human smuggling is already illegal , they enforce the rules . 
  eu and it 's member states have the right to stop and inspect every boat that comes into it 's waters .
