  self-preservation never really took hold on us . 
  union with russia would be yes poorer , yes worse for us , yes , we have less in common with other members . 
  even less in common with russia than with the rest of the balkans , ex-yu especially . 
  but eh , we lived worse , it 's fine . 
  but nobody here is thinking that a union with russia it will bring us better life than a union with eu . 
  we know life with eu will be better . 
  but at what price ? 
  it 's not just historical friendship it 's the friendship right now . 
  russia is only asking us to stay neutral . 
  you 're asking us to give up a part of our territory . 
  and that 's just one of many things . 
  serbia has never done what it was best for itself as a country or for it 's people . 
  quite the opposite . 
  why should this time be any different ? 
  i 'm cheering for staying neutral though . 
  sick and tired of unions , never ends well for us . 
  though granted , if there 's war , there 's no way in hell we 're staying neutral . 
   it 's hard to tell what 's a joke . 
   i 'm a lady lol that would explain it . 
  you should learn how to take a joke lad . 
  i even put  at the end of my post . 
  still liked more than those who came after him . 
   it is on reddit when i first started to see his true political intentions this made me laugh , ty . 
   serbs are no longer so confident in putin anymore where do you get this ? 
  last poll i checked placed higher confidence in putin than vucic , our own prime minister/president merkel ranked at 7 % http://www.balkanspress.com/index.php/komentar/prica-o/4964-istrazivanje-srbi-najvise-veruju-putinu for those who ca n't read  politican who inspires most confidence in you putin 37 % , vucic 34 % , merkel 7 %  do you support an alliance with russia 69 % yes , 18 % no , 12 % undecided  if you had too chose with whom serbia would have to enter a political-economic union 35 % russia , 21 % eu , 34 % remain neutral, 
  well you should be quite knowledge about the subject being form ukraine and all that, 
  are the three of us slavs ? 
  yes . 
  do we considered each other brothers in a sense ? 
  yes . 
  slavic brotherhood . 
  nowhere does it state that it is a pan-slavic brotherhood . 
  ( meaning one that includes all slavs ), 
  we never fooled ourselves into thinking we 'll get into the eu . 
  we do n't want to enter either . 
  your leaders are forcing these negotiations and our leader is forcing these negotiations . 
  but we kinda both know nothing will come out of it ? 
  thing is eu needs to have good relations with serbia or it will never be able to guarantee stability in the balkans . 
  and we need to have decent relations with eu since we 're surrounded by eu . 
  it 's kinda a lose-lose deal , where you do n't want us , we do n't want you , but we still play the game of trying to win each other . 
  to be quite honest , considering uncle stalin was georgian and he killed more russians than anyone else ... you could say georgians committed genocide against the russians . 
  i am only very very pessimistic about the future of germany and the effect it will have on us slavs and the world in general . 
  why is this a surprise ? 
  putin spent like 20 years in germany . 
  it 's easier for him to learn swedish since it 's closer to german than to learn english . 
   gesture aimed at ending greek objection and countering russian meddling in the balkans well obviously , if fyrom changes their name , russia wo n't be able to find them on the map , so that will end their meddling . 
  realistically speaking macedonia will not be changing their name . 
  and so is eastern europe . 
  through legal and safe means . 
  yes . 
  that is the only reason there is an american fleet in persian gulf . 
  if there was no israel do you really think they would be there ? 
  i 'm shielded by america ? 
  really ? 
  what drugs have you been taking ? 
  if there 's a nation that is shielded by us , it 's israel . 
  nobody else comes close . 
  iran does n't care . 
  who started the iraq-iran war ? 
  was it iran trying to expand and absorb iraq ? 
  iraq invaded iran . 
  you do n't have to say anything about syria or libya or lebanon . 
  your country and us politics which you support said it for themselves by overthrowing and undermining stable regimes there . 
  how is that any different from south yemen ? 
  it 's not , except this directly impacts on israel and us oil supplies . 
  i 've yet to see proof of us being on europes side and israel too . 
  big nations only care for their own interest , not for others . 
  it did n't sanction them in this and they would never sanction them in this . 
  russia built those nuclear reactors and takes in their waste in return for money . 
  even with ukraine the deal still stands . 
  russia has multiple benefits by receiving the waste from these countries . 
  literally nobody had a problem with this for 70 + years now . 
  why is it a problem now ? 
  i like how new york review of books is considered an acceptable source for political news/articles but a bunch of website that actually deal with news and politics are banned for being `` unprofessional '', 
  why does he need to choose one ... 
  he said all of ee does last i checked neither italy nor france where in eastern europe . 
  he does n't know where they dump theirs but eastern european countries dump it in siberia . 
  it 's the issue of italy and france , ee has a solution . 
  siberia . 
  your entire post makes no sense . 
  no it 's not . 
  your nation is the only one that has serious issues with iran . 
  in europe nobody has an issue with iran or the people from iran . 
  they 're generally far better than what we get from any other middle eastern country . 
  iran has no business alienating europe and that is not in their interest at all to do so . 
  say it like it is . 
  it 's bad for israel . 
  for europe , it 's not . 
  and your second paragraph has no connection whatsoever to anything previously discussed . 
  literally every nation support everything else . 
  not to mention you make contradictory claims . 
  oh supporting regimes is fine in yemen , but in syria and lybia it 's wrong . 
  it 's good because they 're us bought dictators that violate human rights and not iran bought dictators that violate human rights . 
  and because of that they wo n't threaten israel . 
  mate if you were supporting anyone anywhere in the world based from a human rights perspective you would never support anyone . 
  they all break it . 
  even nato . 
  so it 's okay to leave control of south yemen in hands of foreign army and a puppet dictator because `` it 's more stable and better for israel '' . 
  funny how nobody agreed in libya , in syria , in iran , in iraq ... 
  i keep hearing these fairy tales about empires .
