  a croatian army in which 70 % of soldiers were serbs ? 
  right . 
  what made it croatian ? 
  the name ? 
  certainly not the members . 
  it refered to geographical position of croatia , not croatia as a state , which did n't exist apart from nazi one . 
   dubios claims . 
  i 'm not sure about the numbers , because i could find a mass of conflicting info . 
  for sure the serbs probably had the majority till 1943 , but croats were never a `` tiny minority '' in it . 
  no , you ca n't find sources right on that wiki page . 
  more than one . 
  you can even look for official jna records which are on the internet . 
  they 're anything but dubious . 
  http://www.znaci.net/ huge amount of uploaded jna/avnoj dokuments . 
   there were 2 croatian armies because there were two croatian states . 
  there existed only one independent state of croatia . 
  you could make an argument for yugoslavia , but technically it did n't exist either , and it was n't croatian , but yugoslav . 
   and never will , because no one can or will blame the entire croat people for usta\u0161e crimes . 
  perhaps there 's no court ruling about it because it was never even brought into question whether it was genocide or not , unlike srebrenica never advocated for that . 
  and there is no court ruling for same reason no croat was ever extradited to nuremberg trials or croatia never paid any reparations about it . 
  it was counted as puppet state because tito wanted it counted as such for political reasons . 
  if he went saying it was n't a puppet state but the will of the croatian people and their government , he could n't form yugoslavia . 
   but clearly there 's a wide scholarly consensus on it being a genocide , unlike with srebrenica . 
  there is not , because people actually see through the bullshit and see it for what it is . 
  a political decision , nothing else . 
  as i said plenty of srebrenicas happened all over the world since the 90s , in quite a few of wars . 
  not a single one was declared a genocide . 
  even in bosnia , plenty happened from all three sides . 
  and yet only srebrenica is a genocide . 
  some scholars bow to the influence and power of politicans , or money or whatever , some do n't . 
  it is not seen as such by plenty of people who were directly involved in the research . 
   phillip corwin , former un civilian affairs coordinator in bosnia , advisor and contributor to the work of the srebrenica research group [ 329 ] said `` what happened in srebrenica was not a single large massacre of muslims by serbs , but rather a series of very bloody attacks and counterattacks over a three-year period . 
  '' [ 330 ]  lewis mackenzie , former commander of the united nations protection force ( unprofor ) in bosnia , was continuing to challenge the description of genocide in 2009 on the grounds firstly that the number of men and boys killed had been exaggerated by a factor of 4 and secondly that transfer of the women and children by bus contradicted the notion of genocide -- the women would have been killed first if there had been an intent to destroy the group . 
  writing in the journal of military and strategic studies ( vol . 
  12 , issue 1 , fall 2009 ) , mackenzie expressed his opinion without reference to the detailed arguments published by the icty trial and appeal chambers in the krstic case judgements published several years earlier and confirmed by the icj since  the srebrenica research group , a group led by edward s. herman and including two former un officials , [ 333 ] claimed in their conclusions published in srebrenica and the politics of war crimes ( 2005 ) , `` the contention that as many as 8,000 muslims were killed has no basis in available evidence and is essentially a political construct '' . 
  [ 334 ]  israeli holocaust scholar yehuda bauer described srebrenica as `` an act of mass murder , not a genocide '' and stated that he could see no evidence that serb forces intended , in whole or in part , to exterminate the bosniaks . 
  [ 336 ]  the director of the simon wiesenthal center office in israel , efraim zuroff , also disagrees that serb forces had genocidal intent . 
  he explained : `` as far as i know , what happened [ in srebrenica ] does not [ fit ] the description or the definition of genocide . 
  i think the decision to call it genocide was made for political reasons . 
  obviously a tragedy occurred , innocent people lost their lives and their memory should be preserved . '', 
  i agree with you , it 's a bad , terrible thing that happened , a massacre . 
  it 's not and it was only branded as such for political reasons . 
   nope . 
  but by scholars , institutions and such . 
  also popular vote , you 're just excluding some groups from voting . 
  there is no consensus on srebrenica being a genocide , and never will be no matter how hard the some organizations feel the need to maintain the narrative . 
   literally dozens of them . 
  see for yourself , it 's even on the list of genocides on wiki for starters . 
  this article mentions 0 international organizations/rulings/courts united states holocaust museum is none of those . 
   also serbs in bosnia only had one army , croats had two during ww2 ( and only one was internationally recognized by the allies from 1943 ) so there 's that as well . 
  no they did n't . 
  there was an army of croats which were the ustase and the `` yugoslav army '' commonly known as the partisans . 
  in which croats where a tiny minority . 
  even in croatia itself , up until 1943 , in the heartland of the croats , the partisan units there were made of 60 % serbs , 20 % croats . 
  for clarification , we represented 30 % of the population of croatia , and yet 60 % of the partisans in croatia . 
  so it was not a croatian army by a longshot . 
  it was an army that included some croats , but calling it croatian , would be like calling russian army czechoslovakian , because it included a czechoslovak legion . 
  it stupid to say . 
   according to goldstein , among croatian partisans at the end of 1941 , 77 % were serbs and 21.5 % were croats , and others as well as unknown nationalities . 
  the percentage of croats in the partisans had increased to 32 % by august 1942 , and 34 % by september 1943 . 
  after the capitulation of italy , it increased further . 
  only after the fall of italy and impending german defeat did the croats switch sides and ran away like rats from a sinking ship , because tito said ustase wo n't be prosecuted . 
  and majority were n't . 
  so , no there did n't exist two croat armies unless you count domobrani and ustase as two different , but they both supported the nazis so do n't really see what you gain from it . 
  as i said , no international ruling/court/organization judged croats for commiting a genocide in ww ii . 
  so it was n't . 
  you are advocating that whether something is a genocide should be decided by popular vote , which is disgusting , because opinions change . 
  some thing become popular some not . 
  if the west turns towards disliking muslims , then consensus changes and srebrenica stops being a genocide . 
  if the opinion changes towards liking nazis ( which some argue is happening , especially on this sub ) since popular opinion would be for them , the holocaust too stops being a genocide . 
  there is a definition of genocide that people ignore because they ca n't score political points with it or gather support for political decisions , in which srebrenica does n't fit the definition . 
  you ca n't claim that someone intention was to exterminate the bosnian muslims if they kill a minority of them , but leave the majority alive , how does that work ? 
  evacuate 30000 , kill 8000 at most , and it 's genocide . 
  how is that an intention to exterminate the bosnian muslims if we more were left alive and been free to live than killed ? 
  there is literally not a single instance of anything that happened like srebrenica being declared as genocide except srebrenica itself . 
  not a single one . 
  and there were plenty of instances where things like that happened . 
  and then someone claims it was n't a political decision . 
  by which international ruling/court/organization was it declared as a genocide ? 
  none . 
  therefore by your own definitions it 's not a genocide . 
   it 's not a genocide because no relevant international or other justicial body classified exactly . 
  it 's a political decision . 
  international bodies serve to further the political agendas of more powerful nations , nothing else . 
  you constantly hear how corrupt and how un has no power , same about the eu or any other international organization . 
  but when fits your agenda , they 're the beacon of morality and good judgement , completely impartial and who 's decision is respected by all . 
   croats committed genocide . 
  oh you , did , that 's not even a question . 
  we 're babies compared to what you did in ww ii . 
  even fucking nazis were disgusted by your doing . 
  but all of that is forgotten and buried , had to be , for the sake of brotherhood and unity . 
  just like forgetting and not branding that as a genocide was a political decision , so is branding srebrenica as one . 
  yes it was . 
  there were plenty of things like srebrenica from all sides , and yet only srebrenica is singled out . 
  and completely ignored that while 8000 at worst were killed , that 30000/40000 were allowed and actually helped to leave . 
  if someone is planning a fucking genocide they do n't kill the minority and leave a majority , but kill the majority and minority lives from hiding . 
  here at pretty much the same https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la%c5%a1va_valley_ethnic_cleansing done by croats . 
  around the same number of casualties in total , and yet this is n't a genocide ? 
  worse even this had official support from croatian army , also in the 90s happened also over muslims ? 
  why is n't it a genocide ?
