  since both numbers are in the article both are eligible to be in the infobox . 
  power tripping wikipedia editors put the number which suits their nation more and represents them better . 
  people interested in it generally wo n't read the whole article and just look at infobox and say wow that 's amazing . 
  because lower numbers represent their nation less good , and robbed them of their perceived `` heroic '' status . 
  you have a bunch of battles where really small number of defenders `` defeated '' the attackers , but in reality they did n't really do a damn thing and it was just bad luck , ie , a 10x superior force getting decimated by disease and plague during the siege and the worst winter in the last 100 years , and then , some force comes kills 1/10th of what the winter and disease killed and suddenly it 's a heroic victory for them , while in reality it mattered really little . 
  or plenty of battles where the leader dies of natural cause during the battle or siege or advance and they go back to bury him , and defenders think they won heroically against all chances . 
  while in reality , once again , it mattered very little . 
  people do n't care for truth much , it does n't make for good stories . 
  and nationalists do love their good stories of winning against all odds or by the help of god striking down the enemy leader . 
  and what the polish guy said , wikipedia editors are serious power trippers . 
  because some butthurt ( insert nationality from the winning side ) is going to get up and change it again , so what 's the point . 
  at least in serbia we already glorify our defeats and not our victories , so we 're safe from this you should see some of the yugoslav artists/bands pages though ... 
  everyday they 're from somewhere else . 
  your entire economy and business are based on tourism ... you claimed russians only own  most of these people are small business owners in the tourism sector which is far from true but whatever . 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/russians-own-every-third-company-in-montenegro-report-08-17-2016 so in short , you 're killed every third company in montenegro and you 're alienating the biggest tourist group in your country . 
  clearly this is the best thing for montenegro . 
  though as i said shooting ourselves in the foot seems to be the national trait . 
  and i clearly said in the first message ( which was the part you reacted was ) sarcastically that this is clearly the wise move for montenegro . 
  and yeah the difference between 40 % and 1/3 is giant , huge . 
  that totally makes this the wisest move for montenegro . 
  except you do n't since most of the seasonal workers in montenegro come from bih and serbia ... 
  it says something that when even us are looking at other places . 
  russian tourists are by far the ones that visit montenegro the most . 
  who are you going to replace them with ? 
  there is literally no reason to choose you over croatia for germans and the rest . 
  in serbia we like going to greece more bosnians prefer croatia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_montenegro#tourist_arrivals_and_overnights_by_nationality uostalom vide\u0107emo kako \u0107e se slavna sezona zavr\u0161iti uskoro , zar ne ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_montenegro#tourist_arrivals_and_overnights_by_nationality they get more tourists from russia than from serbia clearly the best thing for montenegro is to alienate them . 
  shooting ourselves in the foot seems to be the national trait . 
  that 's just major bullshit . 
  russian nationalians do n't just own small businesses . 
  they even own a lot of private property in montenegro . 
  go to montenegro in the summer . 
  every business is russian tourist friendly , as in you wo n't find a decent restaurtaunt or a hotel which does n't have someone who knows russian . 
  right now even seasonal workers are not looking for work in montenegro because without russian tourists they expect a pretty bad season . 
   held by russian nationals they 're the russian state . 
  every rich russian chances are he 's a high level political official . 
  or has ties to them . 
  you guys are shooting yourselves in the foot , but meh seems to be the national trait . 
  this is just in response to russia banning 68 montenegrins from entering russia a few days ago . 
  they felt it was a wise move since like 40 % of enterprises in montenegro are owned by russia . 
  this picture is missing about a million bosnians on the beach, 
  i feel for slovenians . 
  it has to be pretty shitty that even croats who you lived with for nearly a 100 years and are neighbours with confuse you with slovakia, 
  if it makes you feel better , it 's not true . 
  serbia has a more pro-russian attitude than any other country i guess . 
  hell there was a poll done here in which putin with the question `` which politician do you trust the most '' putin scored better than our own prime minister/president . 
  god bless serbia we 're a theocracy god is a serb and our leader . 
  how very sad , they shot at the flag . 
  tell me who defeated the nazis in estonia ? 
  was it estonians ? 
  you know both the world and the soviet union might have had a different view of estonia and it 's being it 's own country if you were n't so fucking ready to collaborate with the nazis . 
  oh of course , it 's apples and pears everytime you do n't have an argument . 
  bolshevik brother ? 
  except we did a lot of things soviet union did n't want . 
  stalin got pissed on us when we escorted soviet union forces and told of their crimes . 
  they got pissed on us when we started shooting down usa planes . 
  supporting the greeks . 
  actually got kicked out from all soviet union/communist agencies and what not . 
  so much for bolshevik brotherhood . 
  maybe not baltics but you are from somewhere in the butthurt belt that 's for sure . 
  we do n't ? 
  we do n't bitch about any of those things though . 
  least of all turks . 
  ironically turks who come and spend time in belgrade always say they 're best received in serbia even more than in bosnia from the balkan states . 
  can you imagine a single russian saying that for baltic states ? 
  not even going to mention germans , literally not a single person here has a problem with them . 
  americans ? 
  we do n't care . 
  austro-hungry ? 
  plenty of hungarians in vojvodina , nobody minds them . 
  we do n't bitch about it and certainly not on the scale the baltic nations do . 
  literally every other posts by a baltic nation is `` russia is evil '' and bitch , soviets were n't even our allies , i got no agenda to defending them . 
  we cut all contact with them until stalin died . 
  you were getting ready to invade us . 
  serbia did . 
  not by the soviets by technically by croats . 
  who had the policy regarding serbs , 1/3 killed , 1/3 relocated , 1/3 converted ( to catholicism ) even germans were disgusted by the things croats did to serbians in their concentration camps . 
  and yet after that we lived somewhat happily and remember the times nicely of living together . 
  shit we even were at war not 20 years ago again , and we feel less resentment and get along better than balts and russia this is just baltic butthurt at it 's extreme nothing more . 
  in both world wars yugoslavia and serbia suffered a whole lot more than baltic nations , and yet we 're nowhere near hating any of our neighbours as much as you do russia . 
  tl ; dr , get a life and an identity apart from `` russians are at fault '' for whatever goes wrong . 
  what 's the reason soviets did n't occupy yugoslavia ? 
  they left divisions everywhere else after they liberated places , but were escorted out of yugoslavia in a hurry , why not here ? 
  because we had a million people ready to fight and die to keep their freedom , and liberated mostly alone our entire country . 
  we would have fought them too if need be . 
  why did n't the balts liberate their own country against the germans , before the soviets arrived ? 
  because a whole lot of you supported the nazis . 
  and in that case you ca n't bitch about collaborators being shot , that happened everywhere , look at collaborators in italy and france too . 
  what complete and utter bullshit of a video lmao, 
  that 's transliteration and there is a free office addon for that if you want it translitgt for serbian latin/cyrillic , works perfectly . 
  obviously i was not speaking just of her , if you read the post . 
  there are if you 're a good parent . 
  if you ca n't notice your child falling into a cult , mate , you should n't be allowed to have a child . 
  to be quite honest here , most homegrown terrorists should be blamed on parents . 
  maybe europe can brag about their improvements in human rights and all that , but there is one that is steadily declining and that is parentage quality . 
  it is their policy is it not ? 
  the fact that they 're doing it half assed though because they dont want to join really is also true hwever officially it is their policy isnt it ? 
  what ? 
  i 've been saying the complete opposite have you read any of my posts ?
