judaism kept to itself and did n't convert people , hence , no flourishing but when you get a completely new faith and in less than a 40 years you get 100 000 followers in a strange new land and people , that 's motherfucking flourishing . 
  and it 's not me who says that but the people who know much more about the stuff than either of us . 
  your personal beliefs i do n't really care about . 
  yes , those are not two mutually exclusive things . 
  europe ignored japan , but that does n't mean it did n't influence it at all . 
  it played no big part in it , because it was worthless , but not , no part at all . 
  and yes christianity flourished at the time , there were more than 100 000 christians in late 1500 , managed by portugal who were even being half assed about it . 
  even daimyos were openly christians . 
  shogun even banned christianity but it had no effect . 
   christian missionaries arrived with francis xavier and the jesuits in the 1540s and briefly flourished , with over 100,000 converts , including many daimyo in kyushu . 
  it soon met resistance from the highest office holders of japan . 
  emperor ogimachi issued edicts to ban catholicism in 1565 and 1568 , but to little effect . 
   most japanese christians lived in kyushu , but christianization was now a regional phenomenon and had a national impact . 
  by the end of the 16th century it was possible to find baptized people in virtually every province of japan , many of them organized in communities . 
  on the eve of the sekigahara battle , fifteen daimyo were baptized , and their domains stretched from hyuga in southeast kyushu to dewa in north honsh\u016b ( see costa 2003 ) . 
  hundreds of churches had been built throughout japan . 
  it was later screwed up by infighting among the portugese and spain and catholic vs protestant rivalry . 
  shogun was irrelevant and so where his wishes . 
  if any european power wanted japan , it was free for the taking . 
  the real reason japan was never occupied was because of it 's irrelevancy , not any kind of power shogun had . 
  they really had nothing worth trading that was n't found elsewhere , at better prices and better conditions . 
  they were n't in a strategic place at the time either . 
  only reason some trade was happening was because people could buy novelty items and brag look this came from japan . 
  most ores japan had were of very poor quality for example . 
  it 's a really major stretch to say it was never under european influence . 
  for example under the influence of portugal christianity really flourished in japan for a time . 
  opposition this time wo n't negotiate with the police/army though . 
  djindjic negotiated with jso/legija for police to stand down , and we all know how that ended for him , shot in the head 3 years later , probably for not honoring the deal made . 
  milosevic still had plenty of power in the people , kostunica barely won the elections was n't it something like 50 % for him , milosevic 38 % as second . 
  ( by international counting of votes ) , if the police and the army stayed with him , he would have stayed in power . 
  ah sorry , yes , that is what i wanted to write , i was speaking of ussr rebuilding german cities . 
  in immediate aftermath of the war , yes . 
  before soviet union fell apart , yes . 
  between that not so much . 
  life in ddr was a lot better than in most other soviet countries . 
  and soviets took factories away and stuff like that , but poured a lot of money in rebuilding german cities . 
  they did n't really have to do shit , the only did it because us did too . 
  you think anybody would want to live in dresden after the war ? 
  come back to rebuild it ? 
  no , it was simply american money that that rebuilt it completely . 
  same goes for a lot of cities in ddr . 
  both were trying there in the 60s to make life better in our to show they 're the greater superpower . 
  later soviet union failed and lost , and so ddr is lagging behind gdr even now . 
  the miracle of rebuilding germany was no miracle , it did n't happen because germans are `` hard working , decent people , who know what to do with money '' , but the endless amount of money , help , manpower provided by everyone else for them , us , soviet union ... which rebuilt whole cities that were pretty much razed to the ground . 
  nobody had to do that for germany , if they were left to themselves , they 'd be as albania now . 
  the only reason germany was rebuilt so fast and effectively , was because ddr vs gdr was a dick measuring contest between ussr and nato/usa/west . 
  both literally poured insane amounts of money into it , to show they can make the life better for the citizens of their part of germany . 
  if they did n't , if germany was left to itself , they 'd be pretty much on the same level as balkans now . 
  similar melody , yes , their is quicker , more dynamic our is slower lyrics are completely different . 
  and we used it at the same time without any confusion , apart from us and poles nobody could even tell the similarity . 
  it does n't have to mean fucking anything , you can change it to serbs if you want , the meaning of the song would not change , it is highly independent of the name , you can put brick instead of slav and it would still make fucking sense . 
  literally , change every instance of slav in the lyrics to brick and bricklayers spirit and it makes perfect sense . 
  and it 's way better than god of justice https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yub2c2cpuog and well it 's still being played in sometimes , instead of boze pravde the best thing is the tv commentator does n't even notice it 's hej slavs and not god of justice being played . 
  and ? 
  change slavs to serbs and nothing in the song changes . 
  you do n't even have to change it all , since we 're slavs , and we can refer to ourselves like that ... 
  answer is simple , like anthem , like state . 
  our anthem was written for a comedic tragedy drama theater show . 
  so is our state . 
  you 'll never hear god mentioned more in the lyrics in any other anthem , ours is basically a prayer https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bo%c5%bee_pravde  god , our hope ; protect and cherish , serbian lands and serbian race !, 
   god , our master !, 
  guide and prosper , ( * ) serbian lands and serbian race !, 
  ( * )  god of armies !, 
  be our leader , ( * ) strengthen then the serbian race !, 
  ( * )  all our kin , o god !, 
  deliver , ( * ) thus entreats the serbian race !, 
  ( * ) should have kept hey slavs to be honest . 
  had something similar in 1941 better grave than a slave . 
  as percentage of population serbians on reddit are amongst the lowest in european states . 
  pretty sure only belarus has less and maybe moldavia . 
  but they both use russian networks more so that 's to be expected . 
  how is it a fact when every source proves you wrong . 
  you provided no proof for anything you said ever , you just keep repeating you lie and same stuff over and over again . 
  this ` discussion ' is over for me . 
  goodbye . 
  once again you 're inventing stuff . 
  it is ottoman sources that were unreliable due to only counting religion , not austrian ones . 
  says right so in the first line . 
   the ottoman statistics are regarded as unreliable , as the empire counted its citizens by religion rather than nationality , using birth records rather than surveys of individuals . 
  austrians did not such things . 
  and yes there are plenty of studies in that page , and all of them prove you wrong in your theory of that albanians were the majority from 1600 . 
  every single source mentioned there , or well anywhere . 
  once again you 're wrong , because the territory of vilayet of kosovo was bigger than kosovo today and included more of albanian inhabited regions at the time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo_vilayet#/media/file:kosovo02.png and just because only some town are mentioned does n't mean the statists have n't been done for the whole vilayet . 
  they have . 
  for example this study  a study done in 1871 by austrian colonel peter kukulj [ 25 ] for the internal use of the austro-hungarian army showed that the mutesarifluk of prizren ( corresponding largely to present-day kosovo ) had some 500,000 inhabitants , of which :  318,000 serbs ( 64 % ) , 161,000 albanians ( 32 % ) , 10,000 roma ( gypsies ) and circassians 2,000 turks this was the study that region in which was done corresponed the most to region of kosovo today . 
   mutesarifluk of prizren ( corresponding largely to present-day kosovo ) so yes , albanians only became majority between 1876 - 1912 . 
  i mean talk whatever you want even albanian demographics books agree on this . 
  now that is just not true . 
  up until the second half of 19th century there was always serbian majority in kosovo , even the albanian historians agree on this . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_kosovo#19th_century albanians started becoming majority at the end of 19th century , because serbs got their independence and started moving to ottoman free regions . 
  after that we were generally about 30 % of the population , sometimes on the higher end sometimes on the lower one . 
  this . 
  i mean there was never anyone else who was going to win , vucic has huge support and his supporters actually fight for their beliefs , they go regularly on the elections and vote . 
  issue is everybody claims his supporters are just peasants and nobody educated would vote for him , which is so far from truth it 's laughable . 
  he also won the majority votes in every city in serbia . 
  serbs on reddit are butthurt because reddit is a progressive liberal bubble for serbia as well as for any other country mostly . 
  but what they do n't realise is that / r/serbia has 5k subscribers in country of 7 million voters . 
  from what i can tell / r/eesti has 12k , and you barely have 2 million citizens . 
  even western serbia / r/croatia has 25k subscribers with half our population .
