  ko se zadnji smeje , nije skuzio vic - who laughs last did n't get the joke . 
  ne odlazi za sutra ono sto mozes odloziti za prekosutra - do n't delay for tomorrow that which you can delay for the day after tomorrow . 
  niko nije beskoristan svako moze da sluzi kao los primer - nobody is useless , everybody can serve as a bad example rat je oruzana priprema za mir - war is an armed exercise for peace . 
  so your reasoning is finland was never supposed to win the war , nobody was helping it , and that 's why soviets accepted and proposed a peace , something changed , but nobody knows what  and apparently even that would n't have won finland the war perhaps a miracle by jesus ? 
  right . 
  bang on . 
  i just gave you two . 
  you gave nothing here 's another  after the end of the war , the situation of the finnish army on the karelian isthmus had been the subject of debate in finland . 
  orders were already issued to prepare a retreat to the next line of defence in the taipale sector . 
  estimates of how long the red army could have been held in these kinds of retreat-and-stand operations varied from a few days to a few weeks , [ 187 ] [ 188 ] or to a couple of months at most . 
  [ 189 ] not even your government believed in victory , they knew at best , they can only delay soviets , nothing more want another ? 
   the finnish government , noting that the hoped-for franco-british military expedition would not arrive in time , as norway and sweden had not given the allies right of passage , had little choice but to accept the soviet terms . 
  your government knew no help would arrive in time , if the soviets wanted to conquer it all . 
  so , no there is n't one curious facts , there are many . 
  much more than facts on the contrary , which rely on 1 fact and 1 fact only . 
  british-french help . 
  and we all know how brits and french helped poland . 
  i 've noticed that , 
  i 'm not . 
  my reasoning is based on the fact soviets stopped short of taking all of finland . 
  while they could have , nothing was stopping them . 
  nobody allied with the turks in balkan war redux . 
  they attacked you all on their own . 
  just like romania . 
  there was no agreement between anybody or a plan . 
  you decided to attack and then everybody decided to attack you back , every neighbour . 
  except the black sea , it stayed neutral, 
  you ca n't know that anymore than i can say that they would honor the deal for sure . 
   i think they ended up agreeing to make peace before complete conquest because of change in german there was no change in german attitude . 
  friendly relations with finland only came after the war was over . 
  germany in fact had a plan to invade sweden and norway , it did n't give a shit about finland . 
   the germans feared losing iron ore fields in northern sweden and threatened to attack at once if the swedes granted the allied forces right of passage . 
  the germans even had a theoretical invasion plan called the studie nord against scandinavian countries , which later became the full-blown operation weser\u00fcbung . 
  german attitude was , if anybody helped finland , they 'd invade sweden . 
   well this is entirely besides the point but quite a many times actually . 
  russians have had their fair share of both military success and military failure in history . 
  it 's relevant because the post i responded to claimed they were never militarily successful as a nation, 
  if that was their goal , they would have kept going and would n't accept the peace territory . 
  or have you not read the part where sweden and norway refused to help you ? 
  brits and france would n't arrive anywhere in time . 
   the finnish government , noting that the hoped-for franco-british military expedition would not arrive in time , as norway and sweden had not given the allies right of passage , soviets offered you the worst deal possible and you had to take it . 
   the soviets made further demands as their military position was strong and improving . 
  on 9 march , the finnish military situation on the karelian isthmus was dire as troops were experiencing heavy casualties . 
  soviets stopped . 
  because they wanted to , not because they needed to . 
  when your fortification line was broken , the war was lost . 
  they could have taken it all . 
  they were incompetent morons , but they could have . 
  ironically they did n't because stalin was paranoid as fuck . 
  you did n't nip anything in the bud . 
  you lost that pinky , and the finger next to it too . 
  got to keep 3 fingers though . 
  but as i said i was n't saying that the soviets would have honored the deal and it does n't matter whether they would or they would n't . 
  only point i was making is soviets won . 
  soviets were idiots . 
  stalin purged every experienced officer several times before the winter war . 
  but not even an idiot could lose this . 
  and they got more territory from the war , than they asked for in peace . 
   russia is a great country but its not a military successful one funny , how many times did they get conquered ? 
  1 and that 's only if you count the golden horde . 
  baltic states could not have mounted a defence either way , fighting or no fighting . 
  you would just get another genocide . 
  maybe it would , maybe it would n't . 
  i was n't saying finland should have given it up and soviets would leave it alone . 
  i only wanted to point out that soviets got more than what they wanted from the war originally . 
  thus making them winners , despite having more casualties . 
  whether soviets would or not would have honored the deal is irrelevant to that point . 
  you do know russians won that war , no matter how much finns like to boast about numbers ? 
  they lost quite a bit of territory it was finns trying to make peace with the soviets from day 1 . 
   although the finns attempted to re\u2011open negotiations with moscow by every means during the war , the soviets did not respond . 
  near the end of the war , soviets have broken through the finnish defensive line , and had 460 000 new recruits , 3000 tanks and 1500 aircraft . 
   on 11 february , the soviets had about 460,000 men , over 3,350 artillery pieces , about 3,000 tanks and about 1,300 aircraft deployed on the karelian isthmus . 
  the red army was constantly receiving new recruits after the breakthrough . 
  [ 145 ] opposing them the finns had eight divisions , totalling about 150,000 men . 
  one by one , the defenders ' strongholds crumbled under the soviet attacks and the finns were forced to retreat . 
  on 15 february , mannerheim authorised a general retreat of the second corps to the intermediate line  by mid-february , it became clear that the finnish forces were rapidly approaching exhaustion . 
  for the soviets , casualties were high , the situation was a source of political embarrassment to the soviet regime , and there was a risk of franco-british intervention . 
  yeah france and britain would help finland like they helped poland   on 25 february , the soviet peace terms were spelled out in detail . 
   as the finnish cabinet hesitated in the face of the harsh soviet conditions , sweden 's king gustav v made a public statement on 19 february in which he confirmed having declined finnish pleas for support from swedish troops . 
  or like sweden helped lmao  on 5 march , the red army advanced 10 to 15 km ( 6.2 to 9.3 mi ) past the mannerheim line and entered the suburbs of viipuri . 
  that same day , the red army established a beachhead on the western gulf of viipuri . 
  the finns proposed an armistice on that day , but the soviets , wanting to keep the pressure on the finnish government , declined the offer the next day . 
  the finnish peace delegation went to moscow via stockholm and arrived on 7 march . 
  the soviets made further demands as their military position was strong and improving . 
  on 9 march , the finnish military situation on the karelian isthmus was dire as troops were experiencing heavy casualties . 
  in addition , artillery ammunition supplies were exhausted and weapons were wearing out . 
  the finnish government , noting that the hoped-for franco-british military expedition would not arrive in time , as norway and sweden had not given the allies right of passage , had little choice but to accept the soviet terms . 
   the moscow peace treaty was signed on 12 march 1940 and went into effect the following day . 
  finland ceded a portion of karelia -- the entire karelian isthmus as well as a large swath of land north of lake ladoga . 
  the area included finland 's second largest city of viipuri , much of finland 's industrialised territory , and significant parts still held by finland 's army -- all in all , 11 % of the territory and 30 % of the economic assets of pre-war finland . 
   finland also had to cede a part of the region of salla , the kalastajansaarento peninsula in the barents sea , and four islands in the gulf of finland  finnish concessions and territorial losses exceeded those demanded by the soviets pre-war . 
  ah , if they did n't fight and actually gave soviets what they wanted they would have lost less territory . 
  paint it as you like , finns fought well , very well . 
  but if soviets were interested in it , they could have taken all of finland . 
  they did n't because they did n't want to possibly start shit with france/uk . 
  nothing else . 
  uhm , no they ca n't , and that ai n't likely to change our constitution defines marriage as a union between a man and a woman . 
  you guys are too grim . 
  i would have never expected it from a magyar though . 
   orthodox is n't even supposed to be cyrillic , that should be the greek alphabet .
