  that 's disgusting . 
  yes . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  they helped us , we help them . 
  no money , no governments included , we like each other and help each other . 
  here interview/fight with dejan beric famous sniper there ( english cc/subs ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkosbdte9te or guards in crimea https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pflln9e2kcy, 
  because that 's what they mainly do . 
  they take articles from other places and translate it into english/italian . 
  nothing extreme like that . 
  it 's held by some italian who created it for fuck knows why , not even a journalist . 
   like what , beating gays and extreme corruption ? 
  whatever floats your boat i guess . 
  their interest align with ours , and we 've never been truly enemies , worst was mutual sanctions when we decided to break away from soviet union . 
  ie it would be in russian best interest do publicly accept kosovo as an independent state , because their crimea case is stronger than by law . 
  and yet they did n't . 
  russian volunteers fought with us in every war we had ( on our side ) . 
  serbia has volunteers in ukraine now , on crimea , in the east . 
  about 100 000 russian white army soldiers settled in serbia after ww i. 
  we 're friends , we respect each other . 
  i 'd rather take than any false friendship with germany just for money . 
  because there are better and more important things in this life than money or living standards . 
  russia is our biggest friend by far , even though they do n't give us the most money . 
  for us money does n't matter that much . 
  and the money they give us comes with a lot less strings attached then the one from germany and eu . 
  and for last , it speaks about vucic and sns . 
  they 're often seen as pro-european , but this party is directly supported/endorsed by putin and his party . 
  it 's an easy answer , russia , greece and china . 
  edit : older poll but in english http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/poll-russia-greece-and-china-deemed-serbia-s-friendliest-nations same results also we seem to be gaining a new friend here http://www.b92.net/eng/news/region.php?yyyy=2017&amp;mm=07&amp;dd=06&amp;nav_id=101738 < 3 love you too macedonia, 
  you obviously missed the point where i was speaking about contrast between commies in soviet union and yugoslavia . 
  soviet ones did for sure . 
  surely you must mean niklaus teslaus famous greek cattle breeder ? 
  and that 's far from what i meant or said , of course i 'd never advocate for things they 're doing or have done . 
  or agree with them at all . 
  okay , thank you for keeping us updated on your blog . 
  hahahhahaha, 
  eh ... it 's also the name for the entire peninsula ? 
  even wording of the `` brani svoju 3000 godina staru kulturu '' is a bit strange sounding , `` brani svoju 3000 godisnju kulturu '' is much more natural . 
  either it 's the difference between 1940s language or simply the author was n't serbian or not well versed in it . 
  well we never did end up having bolsheviks in power . 
  sure , socialists yes , but they never tried to destroy our culture or people like the ones in russia or russian satellite states . 
  someone had to do a study to get to this conclusion ? 
  so what by your map we should get more carbon tax than germany ? 
  are you serious ? 
  you 're poor , here 's some carbon tax on top of your production you ca n't afford , so you ca n't afford it even more , and we expect you to switch to renewables that you ca n't afford even more than normal production with the tax . 
  it is absolutely idiotic to think that making small nations pay more for their higher co2 per gdp would do anything to reduce co2 emmissions , than making germany pay a lot more , even if it produces less co2 per gdp, 
  because ordinary people did n't care . 
  nobody cared about except some pissant politicians . 
  they did get more autonomy than in a-h . nobody told people who to be , nobody told them this is bosnia here live muslim you ca n't be a serb , or the other way around , or here is croatia , you ca n't be a serb . 
  it did what it was supposed to down it curbed down nationalism on a massive scale , from ordinary people . 
  king alexander even banned cyrillic and promoted use of latin only . 
  he made concessions to all and did n't allow himself to be seen as ruler of only one of the people . 
  if his reforms went through , all of them , they would have been pretty successful in calming everything down . 
   that 'd be like destroying the nation-states within eu today , redrawing borders everywhere , getting some half-french half-german `` regions '' for example . 
  absurd . 
  of course it would n't be anything like that . 
  let 's not pretend we 're not a lot closer than germs and french . 
  it was n't too piss people off , it was quite the opposite , to not have any kind of ethnic states and not impose ethnic conflict . 
  serbia did n't exist , croatia did n't exist , bosnia did n't , everybody was everyone in their banovinas . 
  it was made to curb nationalism , not incite it . 
  which is why the banovinas carry the names of the rivers , nothing else . 
  and it worked for a while until the assassination of king alexander . 
  yes , you are correct . 
  actually the kingdom of shs/kingdom of yugoslavia put neum in the borders of croatia in 1929 , it was a part of banovina of the coast , which later in 1939 was one of the parts that formed croatian banovina . 
  tito reversed the decision in 1943/1945 , by proclaiming the 1878 borders for the republics . 
  because it shows co2 kg per usd gdp . 
  there 's absolutely no point to it . 
  poor nations use cheaper materials and cheaper ways of generating power , like who knew ? 
  naturally they generate more co2 . 
  but just because it is so , does n't mean they generate more pollution than the green states . 
  if you combined all of the balkans , we 'd probably still pollute less than germany . 
  for a while , yes . 
  not anymore , iirc , the patriarch of constantinople in 2007 , signed a deal with the catholics and discarding his title as primus inter pares , first among equals , and accepting the pope as protos ( the first , not the starcraft race ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ravenna_document people are skeptical here on reddit , but actually a lot of work is being done catholic/orthodox reconciliation , and it is very likely that it will end up happening sooner rather than later . 
  and it has been ongoing steadily since 1950s . 
  for example from 1965 , we withdrew excommunication of each other from the churches . 
  you jest but , everybody agrees bosnians are getting more radicalized . 
  plenty on news on that front . 
  they could n't under communism , because , well communism , but now they can . 
  meh there are exceptions to that . 
  everything up to todays fyrom was roman/latin speaking , there 's where the line was drawn at the end of todays fyrom . 
  and yet serbia and fyrom are orthodox , cyrillic users , not catholic and latin . 
  yes , first among equals , that is correct . 
  however that is a title of honor , not of power . 
  he had no more power than any other member of the pentarchy . 
  that however does n't give him the right or the power to change anything ie , decisions made by the first four ecumenical councils . 
  he did that , and in effect created a new religion , a new church . 
  and orthodox remained true to the old ways and old agreements , hence being the direct continuation of that first church . 
  it does n't matter at all where the first patriarch was , or who it was or anything , they 're essentially equal ( first among equals simply means he 's given the first say or first place in processions , not that he is able to make laws and declare new stuff willy-nilly ) catholic church changed in 1054 , essentially creating a new church , not following the traditions or laws of the old church . 
  pope did a power grab and wanted more . 
  so it is not the same church as the one that existed before 1054 . 
  that church is the orthodox church since they still follow the rules and traditions of that church . 
  whether they had the first patriarch or not is completely irrelevant , or whether it was started in rome or constantinople ( although neither is correct , considering jesus was never in either of them ), 
   the extent of that primacy was what was disputed . 
  he was first among equals , as in having first say , being first in procession and things like that . 
  he could n't have more power than anyone else and certainly was n't allowed to change the laws and the decisions of the councils by himself . 
  you are correct that it is called catholic orthodox church . 
  and the pope split from it , and stopped being orthodox . 
  orthodox church is still catholic orthodox , but to avoid confusion mostly just call us orthodox . 
  essentially pope wanted to make more and more changes , giving himself more and more power , the church would n't take it , and they split up . 
  the orthodox church remained unaffected by it , still believes in catholicism ( universal doctorine ) and is orthodox , meaning the stay and believe in first four councils of nicea . 
  but no new changes introduced by the pope .
