  i made it quite clear that our people dont want to join the eu from the first post, 
  it 's a gift in the same way those migs are we 're paying for them . 
  why would the government be really pro-eu when the people are n't ? 
  we 're a democracy not a dictatorship . 
  and yes it 's completely valid to attack the sources , do you trust the sources provided by jovan deretic implicitly too ? 
  sure plenty by foreign ngos forgive me if i do n't care about them especially done by such an unbiased organisation called `` european orientation of citizens of serbia '' funded by eu . 
  none done by our government . 
  because they know the results would require a change in politics which they really do n't want to do at the moment . 
  that 's because the last poll was in 2012 . 
  that was 5 years ago . 
  how does that refute my statement ? 
  just because it had it 's up and down sometimes does n't mean it 's not steadily dropping . 
  in 2003 it was 70 % , now it 's struggling to get 50 % if you do n't call that dropping support , i think you need to go to school again . 
  oh well , wan na bet that when we try to close these chapters that are open now , croats will block us again ? 
  i could use some easy money . 
  oh well that 's a thing to be proud of . 
  because we do n't have the money to build them . 
  russia will only give us something of value if we agree to be their colony . 
  which we wo n't do , same as being an eu colony . 
  exactly . 
  we do n't want you , you do n't want us . 
  but for now we need each other and need to coooperate for a time , since without serbia achieving peace , prosperity and stability in the balkans is impossible . 
  and we on the other hand need a direction , an illusion that we 're doing something , going somewhere . 
  it 's a trade in which nobody wins anything , but necessary for the time being . 
  and you ca n't afford risking russia turning our entire country into kaliningrad . 
  so we 're able to get some money of you at least . 
  there is literally not a single thing that is wrong in my comment . 
  what ? 
  we do n't have issues with kosovo ? 
  croats are not blocking us every chance they get ? 
  the support for eu has n't been steadily dropping since 2003 ? 
  not a single thing is wrong lad , there 's just the circlejerk on / r/serbia which does nothing but paint an extremely biased one-sided picture of our country , since only a very small leftist part is using it . 
  what happened to the protests and all that bullshit you were so proud of ? 
  huge giant ones ? 
  talked about hundred thousand , and you could n't even get 30k and that 's counting all the cities in serbia . 
  they ca n't bully us either way . 
  and well in serbia whenever someone wants to point out why we should n't join the eu , they just say look at bulgaria . 
  we 're sick and tired of unions , we 'll skip both ones . 
  yeah they 're giving us tanks that are as old as bulgaria , they should have just given us the materials because ours ( the ones we make m84-as ) are a lot better than those, 
  just because you have n't heard of it , does n't mean it did n't happen . 
  for example in chapter 23 both romania and bulgaria wanted to join croatia in blocking us . 
  croats were just using it to score political points and by saying you 'll do it , so where you . 
  but you all got a stern talking to from brussels so you did n't . 
  and by that i mean they probably made you a promise will never join the eu . 
  well maybe not slovenia , but i feel like you 'd do it just to join in the circlejerk, 
  to people fearing serbian entry , there is no need to fear it , since it will never happen . 
  even if we ignore liking russia thats the most minor problem of ours . 
  we have croats blocking us every chance they get , if not them slovenes and bulgars gladly do it too . 
  then we have kosovo an unfixable problem because in order to join and put our foreign policy same as eu it would require to recognize kosovo which will never happen because it would be political suicide , government falling and all that . 
  even if that is not enough , people dont want to join . 
  look at the polls and research even the ones funded by eu . 
  support has been steadily dropping amd was never that high to begin with . 
  they cant even get 50 % . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is sleep well lads , it will never happen . 
  and to add that it was actually serbs and serbia that stopped yugoslavia from colluding with the soviet union , chiefly aleksandar rankovic , others were pretty okay with that and these were just some of the issues i could go all day . 
  but yeah never happening so sleep tight lads, 
  once those factories started being relocated beyond/around the urals , there was nothing germans could do . 
  soviets might have lost a bit more territory than that , but none if mattered , once soviets did n't capitulate in 1941 , the war was already over , germany simply could n't match soviet union in combat . 
  not to mention how flimsy german rule is in countries they conquered . 
  always rebellions and sabotage . 
  soviet victory was assured , land lease or not . 
  only good thing soviets got from it which was important was n't trucks , tanks or steel , but railway locomotives , which needed to be built , but would take time and resources from building tanks or something else military related . 
   most of it was rebuilding the equipment uk lost after dunkirk . 
  uk lost a lot less equipment at dunkirk than soviet union did in the first year of the war . 
  and they got 3x more help than the soviet union . 
  if lend-lease was effective as you want it to be , considering there were a lot less soldiers on the western front , and uk got 3x more of it , uk should have been able to take paris at least , by 1943 . 
  as you point out that it is n't all about military hardware i point out it 's not all about the economy , or ability to produce the equipment . 
  uk had much better economy and more help from every country in the world and achieved nothing except defending the skies of britain . 
  soviets were winning the war and were willing to fight even without weapons . 
  for them it was a war of survival because germans wanted to exterminate them . 
  for britain ? 
  it was n't . 
  if they lost nothing bad would happen . 
  as it stands , brits got a lot more help than the soviet union , despite losing a lot less of equipment and a lot less of their ability to manufacture , and managed to do nothing with it . 
  if land-lease mattered a lot , the brits would have been able to do something besides defending their island of solitude . 
  so yes , people overestimate the effect land-lease had on everything , in reality it did n't matter that much . 
  people overestimate landlease a lot . 
  only in 1941 it accounted for more than 1 % of soviet gdp . 
  you speak of 48 billion , of which 30 went to uk . 
  why didnt uk march down to berlin or at least paris alone and take it in 3 times faster than ussr did berlin ? 
  usa was more instrumental in rebuilding europe after the war , it did have that much impact on the war in europe itself . 
  japan yes they did , and in a smart way too . 
  to be honest japan is a curious case because they didnt stand a chance against any of the allies which begs the question why go into the war or fuck , attack the usa . 
  to be honest that is more of a typical human reaction to everything not just what `` evil russians '' do . 
  betrayal is harder to forgive than a straight up war that germany provided , no matter how horrible the war was . 
  and this is nothing new , even the evil serbs take care of the enemies graveyards like this . 
  but for example less care is given to croat ones and croats give no care to ours , despite there being a stronger connection between our people than any other . 
  yugoslavia never was a part of `` european '' community last i checked did n't join eu/nato , said fuck off to soviet union/warsaw pact , and joined the third world and non-aligned movement , with egypt , india ... and others . 
  oh look , another group that failed to integrate in european society . 
  but i 'm sure this time it will be different , these 2 million syrians and others will not have an issue right ? 
   jovica stanisic you mean the guy who was quite literally a cia agent at the time ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jovica_stani%c5%a1i%c4%87 i mean they literally gave documents over to hague to prove that he was their guy so hague set him free . 
   the united states central intelligence agency submitted a sealed document to the court attesting to his role as an undercover operative helping to bring peace to the region . 
  [ 6 ] he brought peace to the region by finding mercenaries to ethnically cleanse people and then blaming it all on serbia . 
  and this has anything to with what exactly ? 
  it is clearly shown the support from eu fell to less than 50 % before sns was ever in power . 
  800 000 bonus voters do n't matter if they do n't vote 300 000 stolen votes even if it was true , deduce that and his still has the largest support . 
  by far . 
  or are you trying to say he stole 1.1 million votes ? 
  mate even if by some miracle you can happen to steal 300k , you ca n't steal 1.1 million votes in country of 7 million .
