  i 'm pretty sure croatian can also be written perfectly in cyrillic , 
   is that suppose to be a threat ? 
  you 'll be willing to cut your nose of to spite face ? 
  ah , uhm , do you know nothing of our history ? 
  it 's kinda what we do . 
  russians already had and still has a warm water port apart from crimea , and had a contract with ukraine still valid for at least 20 years , so it 's not that . 
  expanding their own if they needed it bigger would have cost much less . 
  it 's simply to prevent ukraine from joining nato . 
  and to prevent more nato control of the black sea , same reason why nato incorporated montenegro , to deny russia adriatic sea access, 
  nobody is saying it did have to happen . 
  i was saying the whole article is about life going on , so summarising it by saying horrible , is doing it injustice . 
  it 's supposed to be a happy article , not a sad article . 
  this whole article is about life going on , continuing on , and you summarise it by horrible , lol . 
  as someone who 's been pretty much through the same things , there 'll be good times , there 'll be bad times , war or no war . 
  get the hell out of here with your rational explanations and thinking . 
  i laugh at how inaccurate this is . 
  i 'm pretty sure everybody on the rightmost map rejoices and that everybody on the leftmost map rejoices . 
  so how does that goes ? 
  she did . 
  she voiced her opinion like she 's allowed to and voted against it , like she is allowed to . 
  she lost and she did n't interfere or bitch about it or try to organize lynchings . 
  i mean i dislike her , but i think that she acted perfectly reasonable in this . 
  anyone who wanted anything more , is being unreasonable . 
  and this hardly has anything to do with the times . 
  and they 'll hardly change anything . 
  unlike you , i never attacked you for having that belief . 
  i dislike merkel as well . 
  merkel never attacked you either , you were the only one who did and immediately cried discrimination and homophobia . 
  everybody has a right to dislike whatever the fuck they want . 
  considering his username and flag , i do n't think he has a problem with that , 
   soviet propaganda painted him as jew killer after that so there is even more doubt about it ah yes , the evil soviet propaganda . 
  man everytime , every issue , whatever it is , you blame the soviets . 
   it 's controversial and vague figure , unlike stalin * just like stalin, 
  but saying that simply has to do with guns is silly . 
  for serbia the same stats it 's about 1 homicide per 100 000 people . 
  while we have the most guns in europe per capita . 
  or 2rd depending on the study . 
  finland is pretty much the same . 
  http://www.jpost.com/opinion/will-lithuania-continue-to-honor-nazi-collaborators-412701 you 're willing to overlook what a lot of your people did together with the nazis , just because they fought the ussr . 
  russia does the same with stalin . 
  exactly my point , everyone has characters like that in history , nobody is perfect . 
  it 's funny how you get upvoted for agreeing with me , but i get downvoted for saying it . 
  and that made it okay to celebrate the troops supporting the nazis ? 
  so why is it not okay to celebrate stalin for russians ? 
  what 's there to explain ? 
  do n't pretend like you do n't know the answer already . 
  majority of russian believe that if there was no stalin there would be no russia or russians . 
  and considering what the germans wanted to do , it is n't far from the truth . 
  it 's easy for others to act all high and noble about things , for none of them was this a war of extermination . 
  nothing would happen to the british population if the germans won . 
  nothing happened to the french population when germans took over . 
  russian one the other hand ... 
  he won that war , and he will always be praised for that , as a savior of the people , no matter what else he has done . 
  you would do the same if stalin was polish and ussr was a polish controlled state . 
  everybody would . 
  that 's why you have ukranians celebrating nazi collaborators as saviors a few days ago . 
  they perceived them as bringing freedom . 
  that 's why the baltic nations do with their own collaborators . 
  they fought against ebil russkies so they must be good since russkies are bad . 
  that 's how it will always be . 
  i 'm sure plenty of poles worship and support some polish character who was a nasty piece of work , but done something really good otherwise . 
  germans would celebrate hitler if he won the war . 
  not just nordic , plenty of people hold oak in high regards . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oak#political_use for greeks oak was also a sacred tree , slavs , balts , celts ... 
  in serbia it still is kinda https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zapis  the badnjak is central tradition in serbian orthodox church christmas celebration where young and straight oak , is ceremonially felled early on the morning of christmas eve . 
   but what possible long/mid-term good can this do even in their mind ? 
  war , my dear dutch comrade . 
  usa first , serbia second !, 
  speaking one thing and doing the other was always the trait of a good politician . 
  not a good person , but a good politician . 
   what i mean is that it does n't benefit them at all anyways . 
  unless they 're secretly happy that crimea and donbass are n't voting against them . 
  exactly that . 
  they are happy . 
  and not so secretly . 
   what do you mean ? 
  people 's republic is usually a prefix for a communist state . 
  i doubt any communists states will be forming anymore . 
  never said it was a good attitude and all okay and peachy . 
  but that 's what you got . 
  i do n't think anybody is going to form any people 's republics anymore . 
  republics maybe , but not people 's republic . 
   i 'd vote for comedians over many of the people currently in the government of the country i currently live in . 
  we do n't really need professional comedians though , this is our minister of foreign affairs / first deputy prime minister https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jpvjnckv2g and his honored guests from all over the world . 
  and our president at the time https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tw00nl7_nk to be honest , we just ca n't live without songs it seems . 
  indeed . 
  integrity means very little for them . 
  what matters ( especially if the country is poor ) is staying in power , having a comfy life and not having to do much . 
   also , there are plenty of people who vote against this kind of thing . 
  issue is they 're not fanatical voters . 
  they 're the ones most likely to not come out and vote at all . 
  especially in poor countries or countries where there are n't really good choices ( ie all parties are corrupt ) i mean a literal comedian got 10 % votes for our president . 
  campaigning on the motto of `` i 'll steal too , but i 'll give to the people also '' those who strongly support an idea will come out to vote , no matter what the idea is , they 'll vote for who they feel represents it . 
  and politicians are all about fanatical voters . 
  nobody dares alienate them . 
  the government just does n't want to risk losing votes . 
  people who would go to an event like this usually go out and vote and are quite fanatical about it . 
  our neighbours to the west have the same issue with their nazi collaborators and their followers today , and people who glorify them . 
  it does n't pay of for the government to censor them . 
  or to punish them .
