  not like life is going to improve magically over the night if we turned that . 
  it 's more like , we can accept not living as good as western europe , but at least we 'll live together with people we like , in this case the russians , rather than with people we dislike and that dislike us , which would be the western europe . 
  serbia only ever had one ally from the entire western europe and it was france, 
  where did i claim we were the victims ? 
  i only claimed we treated you humanely and that is true , and that the war was fought by a king who was pretty insane and later deposed . 
  all of which is true . 
  bulgaria however you were doing the landgrabbing . 
  the treaty bulgaria signed , clearly stated that eastern rumelia and bulgaria were two seperate states and you could n't annex it . 
  you went along and did that , and disrupted the balance of powers in the balkans . 
  same as you did in balkan war 1 , by trying to take territories from turkey which were never meant to be attacked and then failling and needing help to take it , while failing to provide help where you promised it . 
   so i only included macedonia , montenegro and serbia since they 're countries the russian government influences a lot to this day and tries to sabotage their chances of a better life . 
  oh you 're giving russia way too much credit . 
  we do these things to ourselves , ai n't nobody forcing us to do anything . 
  it is indeed well covered , ie some facts ommitted from bulgar books are , ie , our king lead the army against the turks ( ie , he lied to the military and to the soldiers and to the people ) or the fact that serbia was the first country in the world to let foreign supplies pass through serbia on the way to bulgaria and even added our own medical supplies and doctors to come help bulgarian wounded . 
  there 's even an inscription in geneva red cross building `` be as humane as serbia in 1885 '' or the fact that when people realised they wo n't be fighting the turks , they just kinda left the army . 
  and the king was later deposed too . 
  now , tell me , how did bulgarian soldiers act in serbia in ww i and ww ii ? 
  can you say that you repaid our humane treatment of your soldier and your people ? 
  or were you too busy making skull towers ? 
  and also bulgaria did want to be in yugoslavia . 
  stalin did n't allow you . 
  deals were made , everything was going well , until we got in argument with stalin , and he forbade you . 
  doge bless the great leader, 
  u \u0161upku civilizacije ai n't that the truth . 
  haha , that was pretty cool , she did n't even believe him at first . 
  imagine coming home being asked how was the holiday , oh it was okay i met with the president ... lovely people . 
  yeah but we do n't really mind that and just kinda go along with anti-serb bias . 
  no , no , see , the rule does n't apply when it 's news against someone the subreddit dislikes . 
  like turkey or russia . 
  was talking about serbia . 
  and yeah 2nd i guess , i 'm sure we can be first if negotiations with the eu break down though . 
  i 'm sure we could give armenia a run for their money . 
  if we stayed together the president of montenegro since 1991 to now would be extradited to italy for a trial about smuggling , extortion and all the fancy stuff you can think of . 
  he did n't fancy that so they become independent . 
  edit : oh let me guess this hit a little too close to truth ? 
  let 's recount from the words of the official lawyer of mister djukanovic https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milo_%c4%90ukanovi%c4%87#criminal_investigation_in_italy  on 28 december 2004 , this court ruled in favor of the antimafia commission . 
  it argued that as montenegro was not a sovereign state , \u0110ukanovi\u0107 had no diplomatic immunity . 
  but then !, 
   after the independence referendum , \u0110ukanovi\u0107 's lawyer , enrico tuccillo , said that `` the referendum has confirmed the premise of the prime minister , milo \u0110ukanovi\u0107 , about the sovereignty of montenegro : therefore no doubt can now remain about the immunity , granted to heads of state and of government , which \u0110ukanovi\u0107 enjoyed and enjoys, 
  if you want to do that however , you need to have most of the world behind you . 
  or you 'll end up like us . 
  it 's not me that you need to get on your side , i do n't care , it 's the rest of nato that needs to stand behind that policy of yours . 
  i was n't speaking or thinking of anything like that . 
  bombing will achieve nothing but garner you more enemies to hate you ( unless you go full genocide mode of course ) . 
  communists did a quality work of keeping the church and it 's power in check . 
  and making sure it served the best interests of state and peace . 
  you can do the same with this strain of islam . 
  but a certain country is sheltering all the imams from whom the teaching comes and educates them . 
  and everyone is still best buds with that country . 
  people like those got used to having money and riches . 
  especially church people like those . 
  threaten to take them away ... and they will obey . 
  we saw plenty of the same thing throughtout history . 
  leader of the people did n't like something religion said and made their own church to serve their needs . 
  communists were pretty effective at that in the last century . 
  get the church of that strain of islam under control ... and these terrorists attacks will become rare and disappear . 
  killing followers will do nothing . 
  killing `` military '' leaders will do nothing . 
  the fact that nobody will point the finger at who is really behind it and still acts like best buds with them . 
  and let 's face it , we all know who and what ideology is behind it and from where it 's funded . 
  edit : and no , i do n't mean jews or israel ... 
  well if you want something really effective take a lesson from uncle stalin and the soviet union . 
  sadly it requires a whole lot of the population to suffer as well . 
  are you willing to pay that price ? 
  does that matter somehow ? 
  you said big city , not top 10 most important cities . 
  beijing is . 
  hong kong is . 
  how about terrorist attacks there ? 
  still no terrorist attacks ? 
  do you know how the chinese dealt with their muslim extremist minority ? 
  do you think people there have fear of terrorist attacks ? 
  of course not . 
  all i 'm trying to say this is only the issue for western europe ( and ironically russia ) and you do n't want to do anything about it . 
  but it 's not . 
  i was never afraid of a threat like that living in belgrade . 
  sure it 's not london tier big city , but still . 
  i 'm sure people living in riyadh , abu dhabi , have no inherent fear of terrorist attacks like this . 
  if it ai n't broke ... 
  it 's not . 
  but saying it 's just socio-economic problem , makes it sound like throwing money on them would solve it . 
  bosnians muslims are poor as fuck . 
  albanian ones even more so . 
  you do n't see them going around committing terror attacks in europe . 
  shit serbia has a good reason to hate a lot of western europe , but we do n't do it either . 
  though considering that bosnia started importing saudi preachers and that they now have arab exclusive regions in sarajevo ... sad to think about . 
  i do agree with you however , poor people are more at risk of becoming radicalized , but it 's not the biggest factor . 
  rather their local society in which they live ( friends , relatives , neighbours , mosque , classmates ) and education ( especially religious one for religious persons ), 
  depends on whom you ask as the mayor of london put it  part and parcel of living in a big city so really no need to do anything except get used to it . 
  accept our condolences . 
   better living conditions no it is n't , that 's not the answer at all . 
  the one single most important thing is society . 
  be a muslim ( british born or otherwise ) hang out only with other muslims , make an echo chamber of your opinion and live like you never left your country . 
  of course add someone who is a `` true '' believer and someone radicalized or introduce a saudi preacher/imam/hodza and boom you have your terrorist . 
  in short the answer really lies in stop letting them make their own ghettos in which only their own rules apply and that are only the echo chamber of their own opinions . 
  and stop accepting saudi `` educated '' imams . 
  because that 's not integration , that 's really only importing people for whom you will always be the enemy and never the homeland . 
  it 's in the first sentence . 
  representation . 
  people look at the infobox first and make pretty pictures of their heroic victories to display .
