  of course some nations might be more similar , some less . 
  my entire point was just that he does n't have the right to declare anything european values . 
  the guy suffers from a clear superiority complex , by calling anyone who does n't agree with his values `` the middle east of europe '' . 
  which is quite ironic . 
  but you 're dead wrong about that since not even all of eu is accepting of gays as we can see , let alone most of europe . 
  therefore by your own thinking european value is not an acceptance of gays but the rejection of them . 
  that is correct . 
  because they do n't . 
  you think spaniards and norweigians have the same values ? 
  french and poland ? 
  ireland and albania ? 
  of course not . 
  some of them have same values in some parts of what they think , some of them do n't . 
  basically you wo n't find a value they all share at all . 
  ( that is n't something that is a human trait , like right to life or right to food or shit like that ) so unless there is a consensus on that particular values shared and agreed upon by all european nations , it 's not a european value . 
  we do n't all share it . 
  germany is no more european than ukraine or belarus . 
  neither is france . 
  i did n't . 
  i 'm saying no such things exist . 
  and you have absolutely no claim to set any `` european '' values . 
  and tell me what makes your `` european values '' more european than our `` european values '' ? 
  how come yours are european and ours are n't ? 
  why should n't it be the other way around ? 
  as you pointed out values change . 
  say they change back to persecuting gays , what then ? 
  your definition of `` european values '' is pure bullshit , as is the phrase `` european values '' . 
  different nations have different views on different things . 
  color me surprised . 
  but strangely enough it is the western nations crying all the time when someone does n't agree with their `` european values '' and wo n't consider the values of others at all . 
  sooooo , nobody would buy it ? 
  moscow times is literally breitbart tier , except on the other side of the spectrum . 
  it 's simply cashing in by using a similar name to the new york times to dazzle morons into thinking it 's a real newspaper or a reliable source https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_moscow_times to illustrate , it 's an english only newspaper sold in russia . 
  like , who the fuck would buy it ? 
  but apparently jokes are n't . 
  literally not milked anything . 
  africa is way , way more resource rich than europe . 
  in fact , europe is amongst the least resource rich continents . 
  africa on the other hand is the richest continent in the world regarding natural resources . 
  if we could make it so can they , on their own . 
   but at least they did n't commit genocides not for the lack of trying , just the lack of any kind of military power . 
  they assisted in plenty though . 
   afternoon tea afternoon vodka . 
  maybe , but if it 's germany and france only , stop calling it european union . 
  try fga -  franco-german alliance . 
  to be honest , all the problems in eu started when french took the back seat and germs started leading the eu . 
  nobody wants germs in control . 
  you can take the man out of balkans , but you ca n't take balkans out of a man . 
  yeah , but man , if someone wants to secede from russia , they wo n't take it up the ass laying down , but send in the army . 
  there 'll be no referendum , no nothing , just beatings . 
  and what 's the international community going to do ? 
  sanction russia ? 
  been there , done that . 
  a man can hope . 
   problem is , not all countries were created equal . 
  the life of the average catalan is not going to be improved just because guatemala or vietnam recognise them . 
  now , if the eu , the european countries or the us , to name a few , do n't recognize them , well , they 're pretty fucked , are n't they ? 
  of course , once again never said this will end up being good for catalonia or spain , quite the opposite , but for me personally that 's okay . 
   and now , thanks to how kosovo was handled , you have a hot potato in your hands with many wannabe countries . 
  exactly , time to watch the world struggle and get parts of their own country independent . 
  ca n't wait for some part of germany to secede !, 
  time to feel how it is when a part of your country becomes independent . 
   for example , when russia recently invaded crimea , the new leaders literally mentioned kosovo as a valid precedent in their declaration of independence . 
  brilliant , eh ? 
  yep literally amongst the first things they said is that . 
  oh it promises to be quite a party this time around in europe . 
  enjoy it , you started it with kosovo . 
  i never claimed it would be good for catalonia to do so . 
  just saying there are states that will accept the independence . 
  half of un recognizes kosovo , the other half do n't , same would be with catalonia . 
  for me personally it would be good , because you all deserve it for playing with fire with kosovo , time to see the fire in your own countries . 
  what a dramatic title . 
   tell me a single country in europe or anywhere else that will recognize it . 
  good luck with that !, 
  russia will be the first to recognize it . 
  it improves their own claim on crimea . 
  kosovo will be second to recognize it , it improves their own independence agenda . 
  there 's plenty of countries and half recognized countries that will accept it . 
  and anybody that wants to hurt the eu while costing them nothing will recognize it . 
  because why not ? 
  rest of eu wo n't dare go against wishes of spain , because if spain leaves after uk does , that 's it . 
  we wo n't recognize it for obvious reasons , same as spain did n't recognize kosovo . 
  but plenty of others will . 
  sure will be an interesting time , ca n't wait for the referendum to be honest . 
   not all , but most . 
  also , opposition has many pro-eu parties . 
  sasa jankovic won 16 % in presidential election and he 's clearly pro-eu . 
  jankovic was not a member of any party that is why he won the votes . 
  now that he is becoming a ds member , he lost a majority of his votes . 
  opposition has plenty of anti-eu votes as well . 
   i would say definitely more than half of population wants to join eu . 
  well you 'd be dead wrong . 
  even the most generous polls after 2014 , give us less than 50 % . 
  the most critical ones give it 20 % , the truth lies somewhere between . 
  reality here is that she made a mistake when she said that . 
  http://www.b92.net/info/vesti/index.php?yyyy=2017&amp;mm=07&amp;dd=04&amp;nav_category=11&amp;nav_id=1279374 even our own minister of foreign affairs already said we wo n't change our foreign politics and that it is essential that we do n't choose between those two . 
  that 's the idea lad , 
  because the government does n't really care waht the population wants ? 
  do you really believe that all sns voters want to join the eu ? 
  even that is a pro-eu source done by an eu funded `` ngo '' our own studies make an even less number ie from this article , http://www.b92.net/eng/news/society.php?yyyy=2017&amp;mm=06&amp;dd=20&amp;nav_id=101589  1,323 students from 38 faculties of the university took part in the survey , that also showed 28.9 percent would vote in favor of eu membership and the university students are usually the most pro-eu crowd .
