  on 2 6 and 2 7 june , forces of the 5th md seized border crossings . 
  however , the jna 's initial action was also subject to the approval of the political leadership in belgrade , and that approval was withheld . 
   but the serb representative , borisav jovi\u0107 , shocked the military establishment by declaring that serbia did not support further military action against slovenia . 
  we chose not not . 
  they asked for that in serbia , we refused . 
  we got bombed . 
   what with the weapon 's embargo that made things worse because only one side was properly armed in the beginning , so the other two had to smuggle and/or raid jna barracks . 
  that 's simply not true , plenty of weapons floating around . 
  the territorials had by 1980s pretty much the same equipment as jna . 
  and territorials had more numbers than jna ( though it depended on the state in question ) . 
  and were only loyal to their own republics . 
  that was the whole concept of yugoslav defence plans , jna + territorials , of which jna was smaller , more `` professional '' career oriented , and territorials were bigger , more national defence oriented . 
  by whom ? 
  he clearly said russia stepping in , and west not interfering . 
  so by whom ? 
  even last time in the 90s war never reached serbia proper until nato interfered . 
   i 'm not giving an analysis on why serbia elected the same corrupt dude once again . 
  a bit rude mate . 
  he elected himself . 
  because i 've spent only about 1 year in that country growing up so ... no . 
  spent most of my life in serbia if that 's what you wan na know , but family is on both sides and relations are good so , why the fuck not as yugoslav . 
  it 's a nice flag . 
  the worst of both world , child of a serb-croat marriage . 
  a race that we will lose for sure , since our chance of joining are pretty much turkey/russia tier , and hell we 're even following in russian/turkey steps regarding our leaders . 
  one man to rule them all . 
  hey even gay people in serbia are heading pro-russian governments , so that answers your question http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/serbias-openly-gay-premier-head-pro-russian-government-48299120, 
  so just like our pm ? 
  what matters is that she 's a lesbian women with with croat ancestry , state will take care of itself ( vucic will take care of it ), 
  us is not a part of `` single market '' is it now ? 
   ice cream between italy and germany unless the company that is making the same ice cream and marketing it and naming it the same in both countries claiming they 're the same product , this is n't an issue . 
  you assume production prices would change , but that does n't have to be true . 
  the point i was making with the people dying , is where do you draw a line ? 
  it 's okay to make some things taste shittier , as long as you not kill them ? 
  a couple posts down , a polish poster posted the difference between their and german biscuit cakes . 
  production costs are the same , and yet theirs is shitter and even sells for the same price . 
  and here you are saying that 's ok . 
  yeah , fuck the poor . 
  actually lets change the ingredients of the meat we sell them too , who cares that some of them might die , fuck them , it 's their fault they 're poor and ca n't afford our superior food . 
   they change the ingredients depending on what people want come on  what they 're willing to pay for . 
  this is more reasonable , they care for nothing but that . 
  it 's not the same though , coke is pretty different tasting in every country , some for better some for worse . 
  that 's should n't be okay , just because people `` ca n't afford to pay more '' for it . 
  it 's not the supply of products . 
  it 's the same product with different ingredients . 
  at least that 's what they 're claiming . 
  i do n't know how something can be the same if it 's different . 
   cultural differences in preferences and dietary patterns can partly determine the approach , the pace of reduction of salt , saturated fat , added sugars and the final results . 
  every approach should acknowledge those cultural differences and dietary patterns . 
   `` local and traditional foods , including geographical indications , intrinsically tied to a country 's culture and heritage , could be subject to special consideration , taking into account the national situation , for example their contribution to the overall dietary intake . '' see what the commission is trying to say here , is not that there 's no difference but we always ate lower quality food and this is our culture so we should continue to do so . 
  correct , but our communism , did not have anything to do with your communism or the rest of eastern bloc we were a part of non-aligned movement , and had ties both with west and east . 
  actually until stalin died we had no ties with east since 1948 , but just border skirmishes . 
  after he died we resumed relations . 
  so the post stating that we were n't under influence of ussr or stalin is correct . 
  i 'll have what you 're having . 
   sns  vucic  pro-eu so do you get sandwiches on a daily basis or get a ton of them once per month ? 
  what 's the rate nowadays ? 
  yeah and pensioners sure as hell are n't pro-eu . 
   among belgrade university students . 
  so it is relevant as much as survey in my street ... support for the eu in whole population is around 45 % . 
  yes let 's pretend that people in belgrade and university students especially want to join the eu least in serbia . 
  the support is highest among the university students in belgrade and novi sad . 
  go around smaller towns , go around rural parts . 
  answer is always `` fuck them , we have russia '' look at the voting patterns from last elections ... 
  29 % amongst the university students . 
  so i 'd wager even lower if you look at the whole population . 
  http://www.b92.net/eng/news/society.php?yyyy=2017&amp;mm=06&amp;dd=20&amp;nav_id=101589  1,323 students from 38 faculties of the university took part in the survey , that also showed 28.9 percent would vote in favor of eu membership ,, 
   very , very small . 
  the wast majority of people are against it . 
   personally , i 'd like to see it as a monarchy again . 
  well if it 's any comfort for you , support for monarchy is higher than support for the eu so ... http://www.b92.net/eng/news/society.php?yyyy=2013&amp;mm=05&amp;dd=10&amp;nav_id=86102, 
  king *, 
   \u017divi zid . 
  there is a difference . 
  nobody is forcing you to get married , fuck or try for children . 
  only saying that if you did make one , you ca n't kill it . 
   but we would n't have had so many working age population ( the ones that pay taxes which fund the pensions ) leave to western europe . 
  mate , it 's those sort of people who do leave . 
  pensioners do n't , they do n't care . 
  too young also do n't since they ca n't . 
   right now there is a huge imbalance in our country , we have less people working than pensioners , this is because communism ruined our economy romania had no economy to be ruined . 
  you could make an argument for this for baltic states since they actually did have a solid economy before soviet union , but not for romania . 
  you still had among the crappiest economies in europe before the soviets . 
  right alongside the rest of the balkans . 
  it might have been a little better under capitalism than communism , but not by that much . 
  it would n't turn romania into some paradise people would n't emigrate from . 
  they would , and it would have been easier to emigrate 50 years before . 
  and since romania would still be shit compared to west , people would still leave . 
  for 50 years straight . 
  you would still lose people to emigration and abortions . 
  you would in fact have less population than you have now . 
  except this has little to do with economy . 
  plenty of worse times and even now plenty of countries far worse off than ex communist with higher birth rates . 
  and western europe has the exact same problem . 
  below replacement native birth rates . 
  they fight it with immigration . 
  would you also like that ? 
  somehow i doubt that, 
  so ... not forced to have children . 
  forced to not have an abortion . 
  you 're insane if you think people would n't be having abortions in 1960 romania if it was under capitalism .
