i read the first part of the sentence in cartman redneck voice . 
  this looks unsettling for some reason . 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  i upvoted you when i read the first sentence , then i read it all and wanted to upvote you more . 
  sama siin , upvote for you, 
  i bet he would use lynx or something similar . 
  to go to reddit i just press r and enter . 
  chrome ftw . 
  you cant get dna from red blood cells . 
  i agree with you completely . 
  mclovin, 
  what ? 
  you are joking , right ? 
  ground control to major tom ,, 
  ground control to major tom . 
  take your protein pills and put your helmet on ... 
  i hope i will get fired from reddit , then i can get myself a life . 
  before joining the x-files cast , davis had not smoked a cigarette in twenty years . 
  for the first two episodes he appeared in , he smoked `` real '' cigarettes , but later changed to herbal cigarettes , giving the reason that it was `` dangerous '' for his health . 
  - wikipedia, 
  it would be very cool if it would look like this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsgixgeljbc#t=00m52s, 
  i remember having a beer.com email address before 2004 , good times . 
  no , it was all shut down in 2004 . 
  hitman 5 is in the making . 
  there is a teaser somewhere on youtube . 
  its on youtube , no reason to worry . 
  superdad, 
  or ghosts of aliens , hey thats a new idea for a show . 
  it 's a joke man , relax . 
  no i do n't , i use 4chan plus . 
  i believe that the police already know about these sites , there just is n't much they can do about them because onion routing is very secure . 
  i wonder if the police knew about it , would n't it be quite easy to order a `` doll '' and catch the fucking bastard . 
  lol, 
  i think this is the same video . 
  well its actually ( 700 ft ) 200m long and ( 150 ft ) 45m wide . 
  still too big for a satellite though . 
  some people do n't work at titty bars . 
  nowadays most people on / b / or many other chans are not racist , yes they think its funny using the word nigger and so on , but every time a stormfrontfag posts a topic about race and iq most anons hold an anti-racist position . 
  homophobia , well i have n't yet seen that on chans myself , lots of people there are more open about their sexuality than in anywhere else . 
  child exploitation , well , you will sometimes get cp threads , but its a big open forum so it 's bound to happen , i do n't think there are more pedophiles on 4chan than on reddit . 
  anyhow , anon is n't only about 4chan , anon is n't good or evil , anon is everybody and nobody . 
  you ca n't really describe anonymous as a whole , because they are such a loose group . 
  i do n't think i would be able to fly a spaceship so i would settle with a zat ` nik ` tel. 
  i would have the power to zat things out of existence , the possibilities of this power are endless . 
  what the hell is up with all the tldr comments ? 
  at first i thought that it 's just my dirty mind , but after reading the comments , well i could say i fit in perfectly . 
  i do n't know about the quran , but bible does n't taste that bad when smoked . 
  atlantis , a city with a wormhole drive . 
  upvote to batman, 
  house seaworth please , i love onions . 
  when browsing the interwebs i constantly double click everywhere when i read text . 
  just a weird habit i guess . 
  i think you are an introvert and your girlfriend is an extrovert . 
  [ speculation ] ( / ? 
  `` luck '' ), 
  no comments ? 
  just another day on 4chan . 
  you 'd better stand there 's no turning back ... 
  old tommy vercetti moves to san andreas anyone ? 
  i think it means that buying houses is back . 
  when i was in school , i had an alarm set for 4 am every day so that i could enjoy that second falling asleep part . 
  the fuck is this, 
  you should appreciate comments with upvotes not replys which have been done a thousand times . 
  i would love to visit most of these places though . 
  i felt really depressed and wanted to smoke on 3rd and 4th day , but i did n't give in , seventh day going , 
  keep it up , its going to get easier . 
  thanks for the list . 
  as long as netflix uses silverlight , it wont work on the raspberry . 
  anarcho communist reporting in , there seems to be alot of intps with anarchist views . 
  under master race reporting in . 
  he must be very brave to walk around like that . 
  applying for a copy . 
  do smokers pay more for health insurance ? 
  i am not sure about u.s. laws , but in europe some percent of tax from the sales of tobacco products go to healthcare . 
  estonia, 
  piece of mind by iron maiden . 
  it was the album that got me into metal . 
  fuck that , if we have the technology to cut off a penis and turn it into a vagina then people should be able to do it to themselves if they want to . 
  when i 'm bored i sometimes translate some articles to my native language . 
  estonian, 
  if i recall correctly an estonian subtitle site had similar problems with copyright . 
  to bypass it they changed the term subtitles to stories . 
  what about this explanation http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/wzmdu/censored_slashdot_post_describes_in_explicit/c5hzate . 
  woods of ypres, 
  thank you . 
  / r/childfree has alot of subscribers . 
  okay / r/worldpolitics im out . 
  i just do n't give a fuck about anything , it helps me to stop overthinking things and just chill . 
  all watched over by machines of loving grace by richard brautigan, 
  i like to think ( and, 
  the sooner the better ! ), 
  of a cybernetic meadow, 
  where mammals and computers, 
  live together in mutually, 
  programming harmony, 
  like pure water, 
  touching clear sky . 
  i like to think, 
  ( right now , please ! ), 
  of a cybernetic forest,
