because it could end the nuit debout 's movement officially because it is unsafe to gather - or any kind of popular movement - , just like it allowed the government to make a bunch of demonstrations against the cop 21 illegal . 
  but hey , what 's wrong with less democracy if i can go on reddit 24/7 ? 
  that 's an interesting analogy, 
   low hours , long lunches , wine in the company restaurants . 
  while i am not sure about the wine , the rest sure is on our government 's bucket list of things that have to change . 
  but now that you 've got commie bernie running for president , does n't it make you more like us ? 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  what fucked up world do we live in sometimes . 
  this is not a solely british trend , unfortunately . 
  yes , and it 's utter trash . 
  i evaluate you to have missed the fun by 2 meters . 
  1000 mbps = 370 $ you 'd even think of paying someone to deliver the megabytes instead of having it coming through a cable at that price, 
   god dammit , * mexico * !, 
  ftfy, 
  go to brittany . 
  they sure know how to handle someone craving for alcohol . 
  written just like a far right voter would write it . 
  this is a democratic republic going as full retard as you can i think our fellow far-right voters can come with even more stupid shit . 
  but we maybe wo n't have any internet to tell reddit . 
  here in france everyone listens to american music , watches their movies and entertainment . 
  a lot of americanophils here . 
  and also . . germany . 
  it 's pretty much `` little america '' out there . 
  as much as i love the country and the german culture , every trip i make there tastes like us . 
  `` those who can not remember the past will be condemned to repeat it . '', 
  never said this crisis is a piece of cake to handle . 
  these are fair points , but the comparison with rome is irrelevant . 
  my thoughts too , even if you get some downvotes ... 
  these are only 850k more people in 500 million people ... 
  this is an understandable but irrelevant fear . 
  edit : numbers, 
   i can affirm that you [ ... ] watch television news based on what ? 
  i do n't have a tv nor look at it on the internet . 
  i looked at his shows on youtube . 
  you do n't have to go real far to see the problem . 
  because i do n't think the same way as you do does n't mean i 'm speaking without knowledge on the topic . 
   he ever done something close to a call for muslims and christians to kill jews , but i 've seen him many times for people to love each other . 
  lefigaro is a fucking shame . 
  and even if he did n't , what does that change ? 
  yes , i already saw him preach love between christians and muslims , but he is firmly anti-semitic and needs to get sued for it as many times as needed . 
  ( this is my opinion , though ) people are whining about free speech , but free speech is n't about being hateful . 
  especially when you 're a public person , you ca n't say what you want . 
  edit : wll , just look at the first entries when you look for his shows on youtube . 
  `` the collaborationist grandpa '' `` the revisionist '' `` the anti-semistic '' , and so on . 
  he is obsessed by this . 
  if i recall correctly , he even does a comparison between semoun and jews in one of his videos about their conflict , saying something about the size of his nose . 
  watched it like 2 years ago . 
  he is one of the worst scums we 've got here in france . 
  he was * almost * funny some years ago , but his shows are now made from sad jokes and running gags about how jews are a part of satan 's labourforce . 
  i guess that was already the case before but he just do n't bother hiding it anymore . 
  i ca n't understand people can listen to that shit . 
  their fingers always need to be pointed at somebody . 
  well since some big spots at the national front are occupied by gays ( florian philippot for instance ) i do n't know what to think . 
  i just corrected it but well , it serves what i 'm saying , pretty much . 
  i hope it 'll get better somehow . 
  trips and so on . 
  not to mention the adac\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise is filled with incredibly old people ( the average age is around 75 yo ), 
  i 'll tell you seriously because i 'm in my third year of the lea section , which is basically foreign applied languages , at the university . 
  our lessons are n't interactive at all . 
  whether it 's in english or in german ( i could talk about this for ages , german is the worst taught language in france , thus making us deutscher-to-be completely irrelevant , for many , many reasons ) i personally went through a quite large range of education reforms which had an impact on the way english was taught and learned : when i was a kid ( elementary school ) , the teacher used educative video documents , where you could see the everyday life of an english kid . 
  we 'd learn what they 'd say at some particular moments , how to talk to an adult and so on . 
  in addition to that we 'd , of course , learn the basic skeleton of the language . 
  but that was it . 
  problem is , that way of learning was scrapped some years after and we had it on a more `` oldschool '' way of teaching this time . 
  we learned irregular verbs around 11-12 and never had to use them regularly , since classes were overcrowded ( in my case ) nobody spoke regularly and so on , resulting in people getting their a-level without knowing the basics . 
  as mentioned by / u/kosmozfr we do have an european section in high school which is aimed towards students that are already good at speaking english . 
  problem is that it is also threatened by the successive shifts in our government , and its spending cuts also having the number of teacher decreasing , and the questioned effectiveness of this aforementioned european section ( which gets you lessons like history taught in english rather than french ) . 
  at the university , this is getting better . 
  teachers do n't have time to teach you english so the whole lessons are being taught while you are considered to speak it good . 
  but we still do n't get to speak it fluently . 
  edit : typo, 
  today that makes no sense . 
  belgian fries are fried in liquid beef fat while french fries are fried in vegetable oils . 
  and they do n't taste the same at all . 
  while french fries are widespread , belgian fries are made in our beloved neighbouring country belgium . 
  they are making you fat in a smaller amount of time and they taste incredibly delicious . 
  source : my two years in belgium , which i already miss . 
  i for one already feel the major shift . 
  most people do n't care being overwatched 24/24 , if that can bring them peace by taking down the feeling of insecurity . 
  i 've lived there for two years and i find the region to be charmless once you begin to go away from the touristical sites ... you can really feel how jobless the place is . 
  lille is somewhat different but still . 
  i seized every chance i got to cross the border to visit flanders . 
  this is great . 
  please . 
  / r/europe at least is one of those few subreddits i go to where there 's little to no twitch cancerous occurences . 
  keep the place clean . 
  it depends if you are declared to live on your own or by your parents . 
  in my case , i was under my parents . 
  not true . 
  paid almost 400 $ for each year myself . 
  it 's calculated on your income and if you do n't have any/have a low income , it gets cheaper . 
  this absolutely . 
  that speaks volumes about their objectives , being accessing to important positions and having power . 
  their views on the many issues france is facing is just a way to accomplish them . 
  the earl grey actually made me laugh . 
  time will tell . 
  those that were wrong will know it rather soon . 
  well erhm what you 're picturing there looks like a normal thermometer ... 
  s&p along with rating agencies are just thermometers that gives fever . 
  do n't speak too fast - this could be the precise scenario enabling them to get rid of england,
