  agreed , but then again the nostalgia market of the west is not their main market . 
  these phones are targeted for india , china , africa . 
  having a certain cheap look is a statement of its own and part of the branding . 
  ostrobothnian dialects have similarities with norrl\u00e4ndska dialects . 
  are n't swedes exposed to finlandsvenska through moomin ? 
  they were cornered by stone throwers, 
  nice church boat there, 
  it 's very simple cause and effect : russia increases military presence , finland does the same . 
  as i said , you can call it whatever you want in your world . 
  [ army doctrine 2015 -- basics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2crax8kibis ), 
  he just said he was the only white person there . 
  how are the swedes supposed to know what happens outside their town center ? 
  you may call it whatever you like , but with a majority finnish ( ~ 68 % ) and a minority swedish ( ~ 28 % ) it is a bi-lingual municipality where the finnish name comes first . 
  finland 's economy would tank , but it only represents about 2.3 % of the eurozone gdp so a short term hit to the emu countries economies . 
  a much smaller hit than them joining a war however . 
  not to mention the social and political unwillingness to enter a war . 
  most of europe would n't even fight for their own countries . 
  but if you 're an expert on the matter , please enlighten . 
   finland is a eu member . 
  ukraine is not . 
  currently the nbg is the only relevant part of the eu for defence . 
  they are tiny and lightly armed . 
   finland is a eurozone member . 
  ukraine is not . 
  has no impact on defence . 
   does that mean war is impossible ? 
  but if the eu did n't back finland in a war against russia , it would be the end of the union and of the eurozone . 
  the eurozone did n't fall with the piigs countries , doubt tiny finland would have any impact . 
  as for the eu , they are about to lose the uk yet the union is still going strong . 
  there are no morals in world politics , it 's only about monetary - or power gains , and finland is worth neither to the west . 
   the last time finland was at war was five billion years ago and europe had other , much bigger problems . 
  the people who fought it are still alive . 
  you 're right , europe had a lot of problems back then ; a polarized political climate , high unemployment , lack of pan-european unity , disrupted economies and unstable africa . 
  good thing none of those are an issue now . 
  you mean like what is currently happening in ukraine ? 
  / edit : and also happened last time finland was at war . 
  they are just sitting on a very high horse . 
  perspective : the us is a greater threat to * world * peace . 
  russia is a greater threat to * my country 's * peace . 
  ... i have personally taken part back in the day . 
  finnish conscripts consistently rank high in nato exercises . 
  haha , what 's next - russia invented vodka ? 
  trying to edge into europe ? 
  oh no , what 's next ? 
  you 're gon na call my dad a lawyer ? 
  promised myself to never go back to estonia after 2011 . 
  the smell of saku brings back bad memories . 
  it 's a great stand-alone statement and can never be said enough . 
  fuck communism . 
  it 's been an unusually cold year so far ( except for the warm rainy winter that sucked ) . 
  climate change is hitting the nordics hard . 
  they all had the same motive ; revenge . 
  iirc , at least . 
  huh ? 
  how did a reply posted in 1986 get here ? 
   in finnish weather forecasts the term helle is used of temperatures above +25 \u00b0 c. 
  don 'd be lige dhat now : dd suberior ledders : ddd, 
  well true , the friday bit is not as important in finland . 
  the concept is definitely though . 
  it 's a great setup fpr families , couples or friends . 
  even the smallest corner stores have `` the taco section '' which is disproportionately big to everything else . 
  `` taco friday '' is a thing in the nordics . 
  not limited to tacos anymore either . 
  no public transport is ever going to match the speed and reliability at which your head enters your ass on a regular basis . 
  now show us the anti-air system . 
  you 're linking a wine magazine as source . 
  https://www.cancer.gov/about-cancer/causes-prevention/risk/alcohol/alcohol-fact-sheet  ** what is the evidence that alcohol drinking is a cause of cancer ? 
  **  based on extensive reviews of research studies , there is a strong scientific consensus of an association between alcohol drinking and several types of cancer ( 1 , 2 ) . 
  in its report on carcinogens , the national toxicology program of the us department of health and human services lists consumption of alcoholic beverages as a known human carcinogen . 
  the research evidence indicates that the more alcohol a person drinks -- particularly the more alcohol a person drinks regularly over time -- the higher his or her risk of developing an alcohol-associated cancer . 
  based on data from 2009 , an estimated 3.5 percent of all cancer deaths in the united states ( about 19,500 deaths ) were alcohol related ( 3 ) . 
   * head and neck cancer  * esophageal cancer  * liver cancer  * breast cancer  * colorectal cancer you 're right on the sugar though , i completely misremembered that . 
  * note that me and the two persons i responded to were talking specifically about finland . 
   is is known to have positive effects to drink roughly 1 glass of wine ( or equivavent amount of other alcohol ) every day . 
  that 's a myth . 
  even small amounts of alcohol negatively affect your health . 
  a slight improvement in heart disease risk is offset by the high sugar content and carcinogens . 
  both drinking and smoking are losing ground among the millennials . 
  it 's middle aged women who are the top consumers iirc . 
  i remember reading an interview that he ( the singer ) had to throw away the suits they had used and make new ones . 
  they 're mostly made of reindeer hides and latex iirc . 
  an overwhelming majority of kebab in finland is made by a single company , though . 
  not by immigrants . 
  you do n't need to move a person from point a to point b to appreciate a single node from their food culture . 
  if nothing is done , the children of today will grow up thinking all of this is normal . 
  and they will accept it . 
  welcome to parenthood . 
  the nordic countries are the nerds ; the ones no one sees or cares about but who has their shit figured out . 
  they also do as the teacher says , aka everything is done by-the-book . 
  what was the casualty rate in russian death camps ? 
  this is a good summary of the war . 
  however , despite territorial losses , finland did stop the annexation attempt and remained independent in the end . 
  the ussr got 10 % of their goal and paid a high price for it , yet they largely dictated the peace terms . 
  one certainly can not say that finland won the war . 
  i do n't know why people are downvoting you for a correct comment . 
  because of naive politicians . 
  looks like they used the same basis for the man : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9d/lappland_vapen.svg, 
  i prefer the municipal coats of arms more : [ lapua ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/60/lapua.vaakuna.svg ) ( known for the .338 ammunition ) and [ inari ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/76/inari.vaakuna.svg ) ( known in the north for inarij\u00e4rvi lake ) . 
  then you 're imagining wrong . 
  m\u00e4mmi tastes like sweet guinness with cream .
