  still better that not even trying like macron or fillon , who are saying they care about climate change but do n't actually propose to do anything meaningful about it . 
  they are but considering climate change , anything less ambitious is irresponsible . 
  we need to act quickly . 
  the risk is small , that 's true but if we look at nuclear power today , we see that : * it is very expensive because of new safety regulations dismantling of plants cost as well as waste storage . 
  * uranium extraction is a very nasty business , very polluting and done in countries like niger whre it is a very muddy business . 
  * the risk of accident is small but potentially catastrophic . 
  the question is why take the risk ? 
  we risk very little but trying to go for renewable energies . 
  if we ca n't manage to get 100 % renewable , both of them will coexist but why not try it ? 
  i can hear the cost arguments but after the flamanville plant now costing 15 billions instead of the projected 5 , i find it hard to receive it . 
  hamon wants france to reach 50 % renewable energy in 2025 . 
  he wants france out of nuclear in 2035 . 
   m\u00e9lenchon , the communist candidate , has said nuclear will cause france to go back to the age of candle lights . 
  you misunderstood him . 
  it is estimated that the cost of a single nuclear accident would amount to the something like 20 % of the gross domestic product , especially because france gets so much revenue from tourism . 
  yeah , i know fukushima sanitary impact was limited but it cost japan at the very least 275 billion $ directly ( 75 billion relocalisation and cleanup , 200 billion $ fuel during the nuclear plants stop ) and it is a low estimate , it could be the double of that . 
  that 's the kind of cost that makes him tell it might bring us back to candlelights . 
  after fukushima , everyone who tells you that a nuclear accident is impossible is lying through its teeth . 
  add to this that the uranium extraction is very nasty business if you look at the nigerian mines . 
  finally , the nuclear power plants who were supposed to be the cheapest source of energy are getting overbudgeted all around the world : not only the french areva ones , westinghouse and toshiba ones too . 
  if he was planning to do coal instead of nuclear like the germans , i would say he is stupid . 
  but i listened to what he said and it looks like he did his homework . 
  i am no denying there is an economic sphere into space but the fact that there are so few major actors and that the public sector is so big in that sector is telling how difficult it is too be profitable in that sector if you are not doing fondamental research . 
  i guess you are talking about [ this ] ( http://www.esa.int/our_activities/space_engineering_technology/a_solid_investment ) but the esa is hardly impartial on the subject . 
  with a 6 roi , basic economics should tell you that the private sector should be rushing to send stuff to space . 
  more likely , what the esa was trying to say is that investment in the space economy is yielding return through purely keynesians economics . 
  there is some truth to it but there are limits to this line of reasonning as there is a competition for investment and if you invest too much in one sector , you are depriving other sectors from ressources and your average roi go down . 
   it 's an r&d investment scheme , and a highly profitable one , at worst . 
  this is kind of a fallacy . 
  if it was true , you would see the private sector fight hard to fund the stuff and gets the intellectual property . 
  yes , investing in r&d yields benefit but any euro invested in one field is another euro not invested in another . 
  what if the us would have invested in biotechs , cancer research or renewable energies in the sixties instead of apollo for example ? 
  these would have probably yields much benefits too . 
  to be more specific : * the [ esa copernicus program ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copernicus_programme ) * the [ cryosat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cryosat ) program ( that includes the damn crosat-2 satellite i spent the week trying to make sense of its fucking data for a godamn powerpoint i could n't finish for friday , my boss is n't going to be please monday , fuck ) european nations own space agency can also have its own space observation program too . 
  the french space agency is collaborating with nasa on the jason program , which pioneered ocean surface measurement ( currently jason-2 and jason 3 in orbit with swot launching in 2020 ) . 
  i do not know about other european countries work on the field , maybe some of you want to contribute ? 
  when it comes to space observation for the environment , we are doing very good in europe . 
  as it is n't as flashy as the elon musk stuff , it does n't get talked about much despite being much more relevant and important right now . 
  do you really believe that you are so good at manufacturing high quality product that you are beating all of europe ? 
  the amount exported by employee is 22500 $ in france and uk , 35000 $ in germany but 151000 $ for ireland !, 
  despite having no major harbours . 
  i am not denying that ireland has advantages outside of fiscal dumping but at its core , what really makes it able to outperform every one else is the fiscal dumping . 
  again , there is a reason the irish government is fighting tooth and nails against earning 13 billions from the apple fine !, 
  since 2000 , irish industrial jobs are down by 22,1 % ( -23,9 % for france , -3.9 % for germany ) yet irish industrial production is up 65,7 % between 2013 and 2015 with the total multiplied by 2,3 since 2000 !, 
  you are bleeding industrial jobs the same as us , germany being the exception . 
  sure but that does n't account for the gdp and growth figures of ireland , fiscal dumping does . 
  the irish government is fighting to avoid earning 8 billion euros from a fine on apple for a reason . 
  if you look at how ireland gdp fluctuates and how much euros are exported by employee ( something like 3 times the amount of germany if my memory serves me right ) as well as the 23 % growth of last year despite still bleeding factories jobs like the rest of europe , it certainly does n't seem overstated . 
  i am not saying denmark debt is too low , i am saying you should n't look at debt and automatically assume the lower , the better . 
  if you have investments issues especially ( again , not saying it is the case , i know little about denmark economy ) . 
  i heard that the main issue was productivity that started lagging behind since the nineties compared to other big european economies like france , uk and germany . 
  if you are basing your economic reasoning in the 21st century on what happened 8 centuries ago , you are going to have a bad time . 
  debt today does n't work like the debt of old : having too little of it can be as bad as having too much of it if it means you are limiting investment . 
  ireland is playing the fiscal dumping game to its fullest . 
  good for you guys but this is a dead end as a model for the rest of europe . 
   i am sure nato would still go to war even at the threat of nuclear escalation . 
  that is very much the core of it all , is n't it ? 
  i am fairly confident that my country would be ready to send his soldiers fight for its allies against enemy conventional forces . 
  but risking nuclear annihilation ? 
  that 's just way too much to ask anyone or anything . 
  nuclear blackmail would be an incredibly strategy but one that no one can predict the outcome . 
  who would dare calling the bluff off when the stakes are that high ? 
  somewhat . 
  but nuclear submarines are just so much more better at being mobile and discrete , you hardly need those if you have them . 
  i hope you are right , my friend , i really do . 
  they are but i ca n't think of a scenario where it would be beneficial for russia to try to conquer them . 
  taking an opportunisitc shot if a state not in any alliance and in political turmoil like ukraine is one thing , trying to take a bite of the most powerful military alliance in the history of mankind is another . 
  not that it matters much anyway . 
  the only nukes that really matters are those onboard the nuclear submarines . 
  the whole terror balance is resting on the second strike capacity , bombers and icbm are not that much relevant . 
  an open conflict with nato is indeed impossible . 
  a surprise strike against the baltic states followed by the threat of using nuclear weapons if nato mobilize to retake the lost territories is very unlikely because it would make no geostrategical sense to risk that much for so little reward but it is at least in the domain of the military achievable somewhat . 
  i do n't fear russians convential forces and i do n't think there is a risk it would come to a full scale conflict . 
  what i do fear is a reignition of the cold war : we were very lucky the first time it did n't come to a nuclear exchange by accident , this is not a risk we should run again . 
  the technology is already there or close to be ( uber is already testing it for taxis ) and considering how much an employee is costing a company ( 30k a year for minimal wage in france ) , the companies will have a lot of incentives to upgrade quickly as the system is going to pay for himself in a few years and if they do n't , their competitors who did will eat them alive . 
  ah , yeah , the famous reforms ... 
  in 4 to 5 years , there is a high probability automatization is going to reap through the truck , bus and taxi drivers , leaving hundred of thousands without a job . 
  do you have a reform to address that ? 
  maybe do like ireland and practice fiscal dumping on a large scale ? 
  except that it is a game that can only be practiced by small countries . 
  do like germany and freeze wages so you can take markets share from your neighbours ? 
  jeez , great idea , that 's just what every european country is doing , a race to the bottom through social dumping . 
  a race that like fiscal dumping can only have one winner because , news flash , not every country can have a positive commercial balance : for every positive one , there must be a negative one ... 
  there is a reason we moved away from mercantilism . 
  again , as i am french , i am going to be described as an entitled ass who is against change , work and like to strike . 
  does n't matter though , you guys won . 
  all the big media and politic elites are shouting the big reform words despite not acknowledging any of the issues i just talked about . 
  europe is firmly anchored in the right , i know i am in the minority here . 
  but that victory is going to be short lived . 
  brexit was a warning shot , give it one or two macron-like politician mandates and things are going to be real nasty . 
  everything is better than coal , that i agree on . 
  but the discussion about the energy mix should consider two things : cost and capacity to produce energy regularly and facing production peaks . 
  on the first item , new nuclear power plants have seen their costs grow out of control and not only those french made , koreans , americans and japanese ones too . 
  not building new plants for nearly two decades and more demanding regulations have taken their toll while renewables are getting cheaper everyday . 
  on the second item , though , that 's where the renewables energies are clearly lacking and where nuclear has the edge . 
  that 's why i am advocating for a growth of renewables while keeping enough nuclear power plants to smoothe production and address demand peaks , for the coming generation . 
  the generation after that , renewable hopefully would have grown enough that we would be able to discard nuclear fission . 
  fusion maybe but i would n't get my hopes too high . 
  i have a good knowledge of the environment debate because i work for a company that is monitoring the sea rise through satellites and i can tell you : everything that is said there is the usual talk that is far too shy to face the ecological emergency . 
  talking about renewable energies but not promising any significant investment .
