  it is not turkey who killed the guy but the actions of one man . 
  why would * any * country consider it the fault of the turkish government ? 
  their security detail failed , yes but shit happens , like in benghazi . 
  no surprise . 
  you ca n't have an overstretched military budget and no maintenance issue . 
  the amount of hardware the russian army has relative to its budget is insane . 
  unless they have somehow found a way to be 5 to 10 times as efficient as nato armies , there is no way all of their stuff is combat ready . 
  i think normal availability numbers for nato armies are 50-60 % , i really wonder what it is for the russian army . 
  there are not many ineffective branches left in france , mate . 
  all those who were closed shop years ago . 
  we are much more integrated in a competitive free market than the uk was in the 80s . 
  it is not about emotions , it is about trust . 
  whatever happened with the caracals , the issue is that french defense officials do n't feel they can trust the current polish government for defense matters . 
  i hardly think this is equivalent of portraying these officials as teenagers . 
  you need trust in geopolitics , business , all over the grown up worlds so i fail to see why you see it this way . 
  sure but france has not been too willing to send troops to the baltics until now because the french army is already several hundred of millions euros overbudget because of its deployment in africa and syria . 
  deploying mecanized units like leclerc tanks is rather expensive so i find it a bit surprising ( during the last big nato exercise in poland , france did n't send any troops for example ) . 
  again , i might be overthinking but until now , french high command had their gaze turned over africa and middle east , not eastern europe . 
  i wonder if there is a subtle message to poland : we cancelled the mistral sale yet you screw us over the choppers contract so from now on , we will work with the baltic states for the defense of eastern europe , they are better partners . 
  this is just a theory and i might be wrong but i know for a fact that jean yves le drian is royally pissed by the polish government over the caracal sales and the timing seems a bit too coincidental . 
  or i am imagining things . 
  might be the trump election or that deployment might have been planned for months and is unrelated to current events . 
  yep , obama wanted to improve relations with russia too when he was first elected . 
   that 's how we work that 's how we * used * to work . 
  let us not underestimate how shaked the political scene and predicitions have been this year . 
  as the saying go : never say never and hope for the best , prepare for the worst . 
  of course , that was just a joke . 
  where neither napoleon nor hitler succeeded in their attempt to blockade the uk and starve it , nigel farage might yet do it . 
  yes but as used to say keynes : `` in the long run , we are all dead '' . 
  a reduction in tax evasion would only matter in the long run if the country economy is not crashed in the short to medium run by an unsustainable debt . 
  as it is , how reasonable it is to ask a taxpayer to give his hard earned money for it to be wasted in an unsustainable debt ? 
  it is litteraly throwing god money after bad . 
  you said the greeks dug their own hole . 
  i do n't i misrepresented your core idea . 
  greece would indeed be in the recovery path if it had been allowed to default in 2008 . 
  but that would have crashed the big french and german banks so in a move presented as rescuing greece , its debt was guaranteed by the european taxpayer , in effect saving the irresponsible banks . 
  and it went as expected when you pile up more unrecoverable debts on top of each other . 
  varoufakis was right and that was he had to go . 
  for the european decision makers to save faceand avoid them the embarassment of an inconvenient truth . 
  for now , the lazy greek trope is holding . 
  but in the end , default for greece is unavoidable . 
  scha\u00fcble knows this and he wants greece to exit the euro to make an example out of it . 
  ... which would do nothing for greece . 
  tax do n't create wealth , they move and redistribute wealth around . 
  that the government or a greek fradulent taxpayer has 200 euros does n't change the country gdp : these are still 200 euros in the greek economy . 
  taxbase consolidation is necessary but by itself , it wo n't help . 
  yes , the greek government behaved irresponsibly . 
  so the debt should have been restructured and the resulting loss in confidence would have meant that greece would not have been able to borrow irresponsibly and they would have no choice but to get their budget under control . 
  but the big french and germans banks would have taken a hit and that was n't considered acceptable . 
  the solution ? 
  we gave the greeks more loans and the european tax payer took the hit for the banks ... as when trying to cure a meth addict with cocaine , now greece is even more of a dependant debt addict than before !, 
  this crisis management is just an illusion to mask for a too big to fail bank rescue with greece as an demonstration sacrifice . 
  yeah , it was the greeks faults . 
  except for how the creative accounting was manufactured by goldman sachs starting in 2002 using cross currency swaps . 
  look up for the 2010 spiegel article on the subject on google . 
  all the big banks that lended money to greece knew its accounting was bogus , the same way the american banks were doing shit with the subprimes . 
  the greeks got played like we all did by bankers . 
  but people have forgotten how you were labeled a fool before 2007 if you were n't jumping in the bubble train and now , greece is the sacrificial pawn for all that is wrong with the european economy and crisis management . 
  meanwhile , the deutsche bank keep on failing stress tests . 
  but do n't forget , it is the greeks fault and they deserve an eternal debt hell, 
   this is n't a `` neoliberal '' conspiracy but simple economics and demographics . 
  too few workers , less productivity growth and too many pensioners , or in other words : the numbers just do n't add up anymore . 
  so why are the riche keeps getting richer ? 
  if that was true , they would n't be able to have their revenues still growing at a much faster rate than the middle class . 
  then , you talk about productivity . 
  but when it comes to productivity for food , clothing and housing , we are well in overproduction technologically speaking . 
  energy production is more of a mixed bag as fossile fuels will have to be phased out and that is indeed expensive but there is room for productivity when it comes to reduce energy consumption . 
  the only thing whose cost is indeed increasing at much too quick a pace is health costs for the elderly . 
  so for all the 5 basic needs , 3 are well covered , one should be ok and only one should be an issue if you look at the means of productions . 
  but for all the rest , the issue is one of poor ressources allocations and it is not as much as an obvious and simple issue that you are making it sound . 
  you are comparing immigration driven by economic inequalities and wars with a colonization process by more techonologically advanced settlers . 
  yes , we are the poor native indians in this story , about to be driven extinct by the incredible technology of africans and syrians . 
  sarcastic indeed . 
  you do n't owe a man in a car crash anyrhing either and you can choose to go on your way and not come to his rescue . 
  it is not a matter of debt . 
  it is a matter of humanity . 
  the idea that outside skin color , origin , nationality , gender , etc. . . we are all fellow human beings . 
  i am not too fond of an open border myself but i do n't consider the luck of my birth makes me self righteous when i close the door to those who had a mucher harder start in life . 
  yeah , europe should be a place for those like us who made the tremendous effort to be born here . 
  if they really deserved to be europeans , they would have chosen better parents !, 
  french logistics capabilities are fine outside of strategic airlifting which is a superpower perk and does n't make much sense considering the french army budget . 
  for mali , people keep forgetting that we needed help because it was an ** emergency ** deployment which needed mecanized infantry on the ground within 48 hours . 
  outside of that very first wave , the second wave arrived by road from nearby french military bases and the third by boat ( with a bepc ground projection ship that was designed for that ) . 
  so for most of its deployed military , the french army was independant . 
  our airlifting capacities are designed to move around troops between our bases and parachuting . 
  they are not designed for emergency deployment of a strike force . 
  that kind of stuff is only for the us and the russians and their oversized vdv corp. . for the rest of the world , moving soldiers in a few weeks instead of a few days is considered adequate for most circonstances . 
  mali was the exception , not the rule . 
  at the same time , 350 millions of euros have been cut from the research budget . 
  this is all smoke and mirrors and clever pr and budgeting techniques . 
  that is n't relevant . 
  my point was that you do n't inherit the sins of our fathers and hating an entire country and its people for the past actions of its goverment in which they did n't have any say is completly stupid . 
  but love the irony of how i am the one you are telling to grow up . 
  then i guess that you hate germany forever too with that kind of logic . 
  that is bullshit . 
  france has a 2 trillion euros economy . 
  the rafale program is a few billion euros spread over near 3 decades and the libyan operation as well as the current operation in mali has been costing the french taxpayers hundred of millions of euros each year . 
  the economics do n't make any sense . 
  we went in libya for bad reasons because sarkozy was a dumb bastard . 
  but we did n't go there to make a sales pitch , that conscpiracy level of understanding geopolitics .
