so the last example was the former supreme commander of the allied forces in the battle against one of the worst regime that has plagued the planet while trump is an ex reality tv show star . 
  the fuck , usa . 
  that 's not exactly it . 
  the issue is that some countries prefer a weaker military they control and get things down than risking an european bureaucratic mess that ca n't agree on anything . 
  then comes the issues of where the hardware is going to be built , at what cost and where it is garrisoned . 
  even within a country , it is not clear cut . 
  for example france have tried to push integration with the german army while at the same time holding back because its army has its own philosophy when it comes to the shape of its armed forces ( nuclear aircraft carrier and rafales for example ) . 
  it is not a simple endeavour at all . 
  me neither but there is only so much we can do to avoid it . 
  such a war makes no sense , no matter how you look at it . 
  so , if he decides to go for it , it means h he ca n't be reasoned with anyway . 
  they already have the kolaningrad oblast for baltic sea access . 
  and baltic sea is the worst for military operations , you are in anti ship missile range all the way to the northern sea . 
  true and until today , i expected marine le pen to win 40 % of the votes but sill lose . 
  now , all of my expectations have been thrown out of the window . 
  well , yes to the polish border , it is very likely . 
  the distance is short and the baltic states are indeed too small to stall the russians long enough for europe to reinforce in time if they manage a surprise attack ( which is by no mean easy by the way ) . 
  as i said in my first post , the baltic states are indeed threatened but that 's the extent of russia conventional power . 
  and the only way they manage to hold the ground against a counter attacks is by threatening to use nuclear weapons . 
  in the end , the baltic states are not worth any of this , which is their best defense . 
  they do n't have to be undefeatable , they need to be enough trouble to not be worth it . 
  i provided a source from a respected russian geopolitical expert that says they ca n't do it . 
  where is your source and how credible is it ? 
  i am not trying to downplay you guys . 
  your small size makes you vulnerable , true but it also means you are a prize small enough that we need to rise the cost of your conquest high enough for it to be a self defeating enterprise . 
  frankly , i do n't think it is possible to make the baltic states invulnerable to invasion considering how little defensive depth you have and how far away you are from the core of our air superiority bubble . 
  but it is do-able to make the cost so high to discourage an agressor . 
  in that sense , i do fully support the eu garrisoning troops ( a mecanized infantry division for example ) there . 
   he 'll bet on europe pussying out this is a bet he is going to lose . 
  france and germany are of the same mind when it comes to the european union defense and i do n't think brexit changed things enough for the uk to not get involved in some continental action : this has been their stance since the napoleonic wars after all . 
  if these countries go , the rest will follow as everyone would realize it is in their own best interest to join the war effort rather risking having to fight russia alone one day . 
  french far right is weird . 
  yes , they are pro russia but they are also extremely nationalistic so the moments french soldiers would die on the field , they would flip flop on the issue and go full `` support our troops '' , same as they did against nazi germany before we were defeated . 
  if marine le pen was elected then yes , things may go in a different direction than what i predicted . 
  and i was about to say `` that would never happen '' but that would be silly to think that today . 
  it is kind of annoying to hear that we , the french , do n't care about defending the eastern countries considering how involved we are in the defense of the european union , both inside its frontiers and outside them . 
  we would like to avoid a second cold war , true enough but we are not about to give up on allies we are legally bound to defend . 
  i follow french geopolitics very closely and there is an ( edit : almost ) universal agreement among our political class that in case of a russain agression , we would send our whole army to help . 
  in the curent state of the russian army , europe can stand its ground , even without the usa support . 
  not because the european armies are that strong but because the russian army is still a shadow of its former self ( experts say they only have between 50k ~ 100k troops that are up to nato standards in equipment and training [ source ] ( http://www.lopinion.fr/blog/secret-defense/en-ukraine-kremlin-a-t-il-reellement-moyens-militaires-ambitions-21830 ) in french , sorry but the guy they quote , pael baev is [ the real stuff ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pavel_baev ) ) . 
  the only move poutine could do we could n't counter would be an invasion of baltic states so swift we ca n't reinforce in time , followed by a declaration of protection of the newly conquered territories by russia nuclear arsenal . 
  he would have to risk a nuclear war for very little gain but in theory , that is a move that can possibly succeed contrary to something like the invasion of poland or romania where he does n't have the manpower to control countries this size . 
  remember that when russia invaded czechoslovakia in 1968 , it did it with 500 000 soldiers . 
  it no longer has that much strength in number . 
  bill clinton sent troops in europe to sort out the mess in bosnia , bush amplified the middle east clusterfuck . 
  to be honest , no one knows really how many civilians we ( the french ) killed with our airstrikes either . 
  we seem to try harder than the russians to strike only military targets but it is foolish to think that we somehow managed to get a 100 % clean record with nearly 2000 strikes . 
  and as we ca n't perform enquiries on the ground and have little incentives to do so , it is unlikely that we know precisely if a strike had collateral damages and how much . 
  it is true than manpad lacks the range to shoot down airplanes at their cruising altitudes . 
  but if they are shot at the planes suring take off or landings , they can still be devastating . 
  nationalists have been labeled as such in france for decades if not for the entire xxth century . 
  fyi , your source is heavily controversial in his field . 
  you should take all it is saying with a healthy amount of skepticism . 
  it is reallly hard to say . 
  mostly because the actual capacity of fighters is heavily depending on how radars , electronic counter measures , stealth and missiles capacity all work together . 
  and the * actual * capacities of all these things are confidentials ( you get some data out on the internet with radar cross sections , radar power output , missile range but they do n't tell all the story ) . 
  there has n't been a combat scenario between state of the art fighters that has not been one sided for more than 30 years so there is no good combat data either . 
  i expect the rafale to perform better than a sukho\u00ef because the russian army had been craving for founding for almost two decades but that 's just a guess of mine . 
  the eurofighter was designed as a air superiority fighter from the start while the rafale was meant to be a mulriole fighter . 
  when it comes to air superiority , their performance should be about the same ( yes , i * know * there are differences when it comes to dofighting but they both can perfom about the same when it comes to missile fights which is what matters in this day and age ) . 
  problem for the eurofighter is that the need for air superiority fighters have diminished while the need for multirole fighters have increased drastically since the end of the cold war as the threat of competing with russia for air superiority decreased while the need for fighters that can do recon and air support without the need to be escorted , rose in proportions . 
  the eurofighter manufacturers are trying to make the eurofighter in a multi role fighter now but it seems the rafale will still be a league ahead in that domain . 
  no we do n't . 
  no one can intercept a saturation strike . 
  look it up . 
  the fact that russia thought that crimea was worth taking those risks makes me believe that russia is both opportunistic and very old fashioned when it comes to the school of thought that power comes from land . 
  if you look at a economic and strategic point of view , crimea is a money sink and control of the black sea does n't give any significant military advantage considering the mediterranean sea is a death trap for any navy that is not in nato anyway as it is almost impossible to get out of range from anti-ship missile both land and air carried . 
  the logical conclusion is that poutine move in crimea is not a move born out of strength but a move born out of weakness as the conventional blance of power is now overwhelmingly in favor of nato . 
  the move in ukraine is a demonstration of force , using their nuclear weaponry as a backbone for their weaker conventional forces . 
  that 's why sanctions are ineffective : poutine is looking for a military equal ground with nato , not a trade partner . 
  you do n't seem to realize how close we have been many times to full nuclear warfare during the cold war or you would n't say something as naive as `` cold war worked out fine '' . 
  and those who do n't understand russian mentality are those thinking the sanctions are going to soften russia attitude . 
  poutine is not scared of sanctions he can use to demonize the west . 
  not sure about that . 
  it does n't look like they are achieving anything except escalating russian nationalism even higher . 
  we really do n't want another cold war with a country who can nuke all of us . 
  even if they do n't want to , accidents happen like the 1995 norway rocket incident . 
  moreover , increased economic exchanges with the rest of the world is the best way to make a country behave as they have much more to lose than if they are effectively closed off . 
  see north korea . 
  yeah , high command went full retard . 
  we could n't have won anyway because of our inferior air force but we definitively could have done better . 
  not that it would have made any difference for poland anyway , being sandwiched between russian and germany and all . 
  i think that ship has sailed . 
  bringing the subject of reparations nowadays is just creating resentment and not achieving anything , especially consideinrg those shouldering the burden of the reparations would be mostly current germans not even born at the time . 
  for me , there is not such thing as inheriting the sins of our fathers . 
  yeah , those who think the uk is going to get close with the country which is regularly probing its airspace with strategic bombers are quite delusional . 
  for france , we are having terrible [ wild fires of our own ] ( http://www.ouest-france.fr/sites/default/files/styles/image-640x360/public/2016/08/11/incendies-pres-de-marseille-le-feu-toujours-pas-maitrise-jeudi-matin_0.jpg?itok=dk9jgbc_ ) currently so we ca n't help . 
  otherwise , they would have obviously been sent to portugal . 
   during the cold war germany was nothing but a speed bump and target for all sorts of nukes to slow down the east . 
  why would anyone want to fight and die as a speed bump ? 
  actually , west germany was considered undefensible without nuclear weapons for most of the cold war , true but in the beginning of the 80s , a new military doctrine called [ airland battle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/airland_battle ) was created in which framework , it was possible to defeat the numerously superior armor forces of the warsaw pact . 
  not saying it would have worked ( fortunately , we will never know ! ), 
  but it was n't as grim as you say for west germany . 
  i do n't know which decision i would take in this situation . 
  we always speak of war about dying for his country , but it is mostly about making your ennemy die for * his * country . 
  i have trouble imagining myself dedicating all my concentration and will at aiming to kill my fellow man because he carries a different uniform . 
  in france , we have very bad memories of mass conscription since the two world wars and the algerian war . 
  i think the common view is that nowaday , war is a job for professional soldiers . 
  and military speaking , it has some truths in it . 
  might explain that .
