   but you dont have to help them if they sink their vessel it is both inhumane and illegal to not assist a ship that is sinking if you are in a position to rescue it . 
  and yes i am aware that they are exploiting that . 
  that people are sent back afterwards is something i am open to discuss . 
  that they are let to drown is not . 
  really ? 
  i never heard anyrhing about that and o just checked his wikipedia biography . 
  what about it ? 
  i am kind of dreading the answer as my mother called me fran\u00e7ois-xavier which is francis xavier in french . 
  i am not christian ( well no longer ) so i hope i am not about to discover i am carrying the name of a genocidal criminal ... 
  but this is a good reason to make it right . 
  globalization left too many people behind and the richest benefited the most of it . 
  it could have been managed better and still should . 
  but it shows that the problem with radical islam is not one an issue with all muslims so targeting them as a wholesome group is not only ineffective and counter productive , it is also morally flawed . 
  for france , it just shows that hunting rifles in the countryside is a very different story than handguns in cities . 
  we , or at the very least i , voted for the guy because he was facing le pen and i did n't want to risk of shoildering the responsability of a frexit and the possible death of the european union . 
  it was not a vote of confidence . 
  i think his reform plan is going to trigger a new race to the bottom when it comes to worker 's right and will only result in rich people getting richer as they have been doing for the last 20 years all around the world . 
  average growth 2005-2015 for france 0,9 % average growth 2005-2015 for denmark 0.3 % source : http://i.imgur.com/w2geflh.png i do n't see why it seems so obvious to everyone that the danish model is so much better than the french one . 
  yeah , it seems to perfom better out of recession but it is also hit a lot harder when into one . 
  also , population stagnates in denmark : it is a lot easier to fight unemployment when you do n't have a growing demographic as the youngs are more likely to be unemployed and cost more money to the state because of expensive superior education . 
  it is quite complicated but the short story is that there has been a gradual transfer of sovereignty to new caledonians these last 20 years and next year , there will be a referendum where the new caledonians will have to choose between full independance or a special autonomy status . 
  now , depending who you are talking to , this might sound reasonable or a neo colonial move . 
  complicated stuff . 
  as far as i know , none want out of france among the vestigial colonies but some do want more autonomy and most more money support as there is a large gap in wealth between those territories and the main land . 
  the answer to your first question is power flexivility . 
  gas turbines are more efficient than diesel when they are at full power but much less so than diesel when used outside of their optimum power production . 
  so basically , you turn on and off the gas turbines and/or the diesel engines to get the optimum fuel efficiency depending on the amount of power you need at the moment . 
  not really , now . 
  what you describe is what bandcamp is doing . 
  spotify is widening the gaps between the very big earners artist and the rest . 
  yep but you ca n't operate a train at that speed because you are wearing out the tracks too fast . 
  that 's why the french train specialists were shaking their head when the chinese said they were operatinf their high speed train at the fastest speed in the world . 
  they knew they were wearing their tracks too much . 
  and sure enough , the chinese slowed their trains afterwards . 
  if you want to achieve higher commercial speed , the maglev is more promising but also much much more expensive . 
  slavery with extra steps . 
  i would n't call it slavery but yes , class warfare is still very much a thing . 
  why would n't you ? 
  pooling firefighting ressources together to face emergencies is a no brainer and is something that has been happening for a long time already . 
  also it is a two way street and a win win situation . 
  not sure he cheated but would n't put it beyond valls to do it . 
  they were nasty rumors during the worker reform protest that the policemen were not instructed to arrest the troublemakers in the protest so that the protest degenerated in riots and make the peaceful protesters look bad as a whole . 
  if that was the case , valls hand was in there as he was a former security minister . 
   i mean , they did the same thing on the first round of the presidential election . 
  they did n't , they waited for the official announcement rather than the exit polls . 
  i mean the monastery life is imposing celibacy and wearing body covering clothes . 
  sure , it is voluntary but so is wearing the veil . 
  and in both cases , it comes from a religion that has not a stellar record on women . 
  so women that volontarily wear the veil are being oppressed but women who volontarily lock themselves out from a normal life are free ? 
  it would be easier to agree with the french secularism side if it was n't hypocritical when it comes to nuns . 
  as it is , it feels like if the christians do oppression of women , it is ok but if it is muslims then it is bad . 
  as a non believer , i would like the secularist to be consistent on this issue before rallying their position . 
  i am currently reading histoire mondiale de la france , a book made by a collective of 122 historians and spoiler alert : for historians , country being a great power does n't necessarily mean its country men have it particularily great . 
  but if you want to live at the time of louis xiv where you might be prosecuted if you are not a catholic , emprisonned for voicing your opposition to the king or having the great pleasure to die for a king stupid and senseless war , be my guest . 
  louis xiv era was glorious for those living in versailles , not so much for the people . 
  napoleon , ever heard of that thing called the napoleonic wars that killed nearly 2 millions frenchmen ? 
  finally , de gaulle did n't have full power and the war in algeria is n't what anyone can call a `` best moment '' . 
  the worship of war leaders is terrible history at work . 
  as i said , i am not very knowledgeable about the relationship between the dutch and the germans . 
  i ventured a guess . 
  but the way you describe it make it look like you are very dependant on the german hardware . 
  for the f-35 , if i understand correctly , you are indeed providing a few parts but it is a very different business compared to developing a plane the way the eurofighter , the rafale and the gripen were developed . 
  i am not trying to belittle the dutch , i am just saying that if europe wants to keep its ability to develop and manufacture military hardware , we ca n't use the dutch model of cooperation . 
  not sure but if i were to make a guess , it would say it is because the smaller size of those two countrie . 
  it would make harder to create joint programs because the hardware requirements are much smaller than for france . 
  for example , the dutch got rid of their tanks so it is hard to cooperate with them . 
  and for fighter jets , they are not interested in developing new ones as they only need a few squadrons of those so theu would rather purchase . 
  that is just not true , france has been leaning right for close to twenty years now . 
  the socialist party used to much more left leaning . 
  perhaps but i have a hard time believing it when i see that the rich keeps and getting richer while poverty is in the rise . 
  also , tax evasion by big companies . 
  because when it comes to the military , the french have a history of cooperation with the germans , the british and the italian that go far beyond the one with the rest of europe . 
  our new frigates are of shared design with the italians , our attack chopper and our future main battle tanks will be a shared design with the germans . 
  and for the british , we have the lancaster house treaties of 2010 where we try to pool equipement and collaborate on nuclear stockpile stewardship . 
  basically , we think we can achieve a lot more by working with a few partners we can trust and with similar country size through bilateral agreements than through just another 27 countries bureaucratic and ill designed machinery . 
  poland , for example , is no longer trusted by france when it comes to european defence , as long as the current administration is in power because of the cancellation of a choppers order that was well underway . 
  it wo n't happen because every time it was tried before in europe , it backfired horribly . 
  look up the spanish gal for an exemple . 
  fighting fire with fire on your national soil is a bad idea . 
  no but it would be illegal . 
  everyone knows we are on very thin legal ground with our bombing in syria so we are trying to avoid worsen the legal situation . 
  not that anyone complains here , outside the mothers of the guys and girls who got brainwashed into going into syria . 
   so there will be close to no opposition to macron 's reforms ? 
  we do n't know because those kind of projections accuracy is questionnable as they ca n't make polls in the 535 districts . 
  what you are seeing here is an extrapolation from a ** global ** poll and past elections data . 
  and considering the current situation is unprecedented in french politics , it might well be inacurrate . 
  we will know for sure one month from now . 
   i am sure that it will hurt eu companies that operate outside of the eu because you can be sure that other countries will respond to that you have it backwards . 
  the eu is answering back to the laws in other countries like the `` buy american act '' in the usa . 
   he might just actually believe it 's the right thing to do . 
  he does . 
  and it might be the correct path . 
  but if macron wants to convince me that weakening workers right is good , he will have to show me that he is also willing to go after the excess of the financiary system and do something about fiscal and environmental dumping . 
  looks like i have been making a fool of myself , i have edited my posts accordingly . 
  french political scene is a mess too : it is hard to say if macron will have a parliament majority whereas it was obvious hollande was going to get his . 
  so , in a way , macron is even less in a position of strength than hollande . 
  on the other hand , there is brexit and trump so there might be some incentives for some to get out of their usual way . 
  we will see . 
  but these last years have been telling me that more than merkel , if schla\u00fcbe does n't want something to happen , it wo n't . 
  ~ ~ yes but both hollande and macron go there immediately after taking office because in both cases , a major part of their political plan rest on getting germany on board . ~ ~ ~ ~ i am not a far right nut job saying macron is obeying merkel but the truth here is that both sides are not on an equal footing here , far from it . ~ ~ edit : nevermind , i was full of shit on this subject .
