  first , there is a near consensus in france among the presidential candidates that the military budget should be increased to 2 % . 
  second , we simply do n't have much choice if we want to stay a nuclear power . 
  as new missiles and submarines are to be put in production in the coming decades , france is facing a budget wall of 100 billion euros not yet in the current military budget . 
  so either we downgrade our conventional forces or we need to increase the budget to the 2 % . 
  that or putting an end to the nuclear weapons project of course . 
  i am still conflicted about that bridge . 
  lisbon is a beautiful old city and in one hand , it is very intrusive in the landscape . 
  on the other hand , it is n't a bad looking bridge and i guess modernism is ok too . 
  anyway , go to lisbon guys , it is a very nice place for an extended week end with friends and/or your so . 
   they 're bad , but completely unrealistic we created social security in the wake of world war 2 . 
  i think we would be all surprised by how much we could achieve if we gave progressive ideas their chance instead of killing them in the nest in the name of `` realism '' , which seems ( odly ) to benefit the richest and most powerful of us . 
   sure , let this cunt live his fantasy , someone drop him in syria with only a gun and a flag of the netherlands . 
  have him wear a pink bunny suit and i would kickstart that . 
  bernie sanders wanted free universities , universal single player health care , a big bumpt to the federal minimum wage and called himself a socialist . 
  if it looks like socialism , sounds like socialism and tastes like socialism then it is socialism . 
  sadly , it is very unlikely because m\u00e9lenchon wo n't accept a deal where former proponents of liberal laws would be a part of the parliament majority , his reasoning being that he does n't believe in a parliament majority split between the center right ( valls , the current hollande administration ) and his leftist side ( which includes hamon ) : he thinks he would be betrayed once the socialists would be in power . 
  historically speaking , that is indeed likely . 
  i think hamon or m\u00e9lenchon would be better if you want to really give them a heart attack . 
  m\u00e9lenchon and hamon are bernie sanders ( socialists ) , macron is hillary clinton ( centrist ) . 
   jlm is adamant about taking down the socialist labor law ( `` el khomry law '' ) , which could be hard to accept for hamon . 
  this is incorrect . 
  hamon program is very clear : he said he will repeal el khomri law . 
  melenchon has been saying that he does n't see how hamon want to govern by undoing what valls and el khomri did while at the same time , valls and el khomri will be sieging in the parliament in his own majority . 
   it fucking worked . 
  that 's a bit too soon to say . 
  the tricky part is moving from an investment economy to a consumption economy : this is what china is currently undergoing and it is not easy at all . 
  brazil is very different from poland obviously but it is a stark reminder that you can go from a tiger economy to a terrible depression in a space of a few years . 
  true but while i do n't think a workable european framework for hardware procurements is likely , a lot can be achieved through regional state to state agreement . 
  for example , it is extremely likely that next generation main battle tank for france and germany will be the same model , produced by the merged french nexter and german kmw . 
  are they aware of the amount of people that would have to be laid off if they stop selling those weapons ? 
  are they also aware that the defense companies offload the r&d costs of british military hardware on those exports ? 
  you can choose to stop selling weapons to questionable countries , that 's reasonable but please do so if you are aware of the consequences . 
  i know this because france is in the same situations and without the oil rich countries buying our weapons , companies like dcns would have had to fire plenty of its workforce and it would have been impossible to finance a home made fighter jet like the rafale . 
  again , you might think that fallout is worth breaking ties with the saudies . 
  it is a respectable opinion and i ca n't say i am not feeling uneasy myself about it . 
  but be prepared for what comes with it . 
  centrism is ok when things are stabilized and running fine . 
  it is just unfit for our times when we are facing both a social and an ecological crisis . 
  honestly , living in a modern trajan roman empire does n't sound so bad compare to the current mess . 
  compared to what happened in 2015 and 2016 , they were minor attacks . 
  the attacks of the last two years have had much more impact that all those of the 1995-2015 period combined and close to 10 time the fatalities . 
  we had nearly twenty years ( 1995-2015 ) without a major attack so it is not as grim as that . 
  we have time . 
  did you read the article ? 
  it mentions that the prometheus engine developers themselves say that the market dynamics is not in favor of reusability for now and they say they are targetting 2030 . 
  spacex demonstrated it could make its rockets come back but it did n't make a single dollar on them yet and has not demonstrated that it is a sound business model as reusable rocketd have to be inspected and repaired for another launch ( the cost that killed the space shuttle ) and you sacrifice a significant percentage of your rocket capacity to be able to get it back . 
  part of what you get in reusability is lost in increased new units production cost too . 
  arianespace might have been a bit too conservative and dismissive of spacex but for now , spacex has not demonstrated that reusability is economically beneficial compared to vertical integration where most of their economics gains where made ( as well as paying people below market wages and working them almost twice the normal hours ) . 
  it is not about being left wing , it is about realizing that the guy saying he is a newcomer and titling his manifesto `` revolution '' is the textbook liberal social democrat of old . 
  he is basically hollande 2.0 : i could be mixing speeches from macron and hollande and you would n't notice the difference . 
  i am not saying it is bad , i am saying he has nothing to warrant that much attention considering he is bringing anything that have n't been heard in left and right think tanks for years . 
  they are not facist . 
  there are neo-nazis voting for them , that 's true and they are as xenophobic as they can be but there is no indication that they have any intent to turn democracy into an autocracy . 
  congratulations , you just understood french politics better than most frenchmen despite not living there . 
  edit : this is not sarcasm . 
   they 'd be more willing to compromise with greece , italy , spain on austerity politics do n't know about gottkanzler but you are dreaming if you think an ex wall street banker is going to show any mercy on greece debt or do anything different . 
  mario monti came from goldman sachs , macron worked at rothschild . 
  he is from the same ideologoical background as the guys who have been taking the decisions in europe this last 8 years . 
  no , i am saying that you should n't draw conclusions on the probability of the countried honoring their alliances on the willingness of their people in a time of peace . 
  history has shown that for the best as well as for the worst , nations are good at mobilizing their citizens when things get real . 
  the funny thing about that tunnel is that both sides have the secret plan of using it to invade the other when the right time comes . 
  this is the kind of stat that is meaningless because wars are the kind of event where public opinion shifts massively when you or your allies get attacked . 
  the americans before pearl harbour did n't want to go to war and the moment after , they were having too many volonteers . 
  we have a joke here in france that when god created the world , he put the french people there to balance the perfect land . 
  also , the english must have been really nasty to be exiled on everyday-rain island . 
  if europe is working . 
  a few years back , i would have agree with you wholeheartedly but ever since , i have seen the violence of the european economic dogma who does n't allow for any alternative economic policy while turning a blind eye on fiscal and social dumping ( the irelande apple fine is a start but it is way too little ) . 
  it is time to challenge europe on these matters . 
  if we do not , you will find that the next election cycle , it wo n't be melenchon but le pen coming on top and it might be too late then . 
  trump and brexit are warnings that should n't be ignored . 
  perhaps but he is going to ask that the voice of the european left to be heard and be allowed to try an alternative policy that the one advocated by men like mr schlaube . 
  and if he is going to get elected , it means he would have acquired that legitimacy . 
  if the european union refuses to allow any alternative policy , is it worth staying in a political system where a nation ca n't follow the will of its people ? 
  melenchon wants to change europe first , he will only try to leave if he feeld like we are going to get condemned in our current economical dead way . 
  that does n't sound unreasonable to me . 
  not only that but they do n't know france either , they come at us with the fox news vision of france and their lack of culture on our country makes them a laughing stock , at least on / r/france, 
  unless it is marine le pen , yes but i do think the only true hope for europe is not by electing another liberal politician like macron but someone like m\u00e9lenchon who is willing to challenge the eurocracy that have been mismanaging the crisis . 
  oh , you guy probably have n't heard of the balkany couple . 
  blatantly corrupt for decades and justice is just starting to catch up . 
  he is like our national berlusconni . 
  also , serge dassault , owner of the biggest french newspaper , the right wing the figaro and former ceo of dassault aviation , fighter craft manufacturers as well as senator ? 
  caught manipulating elections and committing tax evasion and let go with a slap on the wrist . 
  they are corrupt politicians in france all right . 
  and while there is its fair share in the left mainstream , the right is just on a whole other level . 
  yes , this is what macron is saying on the subject of europe :  `` what is threatening us is not too much europe but not enough of it . . against globalization and rising powers as well as borders instability , military coups , wars , terrorism , climate change which lead to population displacement , europe is expected to lead with new technologies , robust industry , clean energy , fondamental research , closing the territorial inequalities , shiw solidarity inside through investment and outside with foreign aid to development . 
  in summary , to be a positive power to the whole world . 
  except you know , he did n't . 
  that was hollande i was quoting , the guy who actually was macron 's patron . 
  you are going to just see as much tremendous changes to europe with macron as you saw with hollande . 
  he he so much vision that he still does n't have an official list of campaign promises on his website , four months before the election ... his fans had to make a website for him and trying to piece together a plan by from his book and declarations . 
  he learnt well from trump who did n't release his tax returns : if you deliver a precise plan , you will be criticized on it . 
  just keep giving speeches like that are broad enough so that you can interpret them the way you want , yet still be inspiring . 
  that media hype for a guy that is surfing on the `` smart outsider '' trope is klling me . 
  yeah , in a time of social and ecological crisis , rising inequality where shortcomings of our economic become more and more apparent everyday , a former wall street guy who worked for rostchild bank is going to fix it all !, 
  amazing is n't really the word that comes to my mind but he is smart , competent and not with a full bag of conflict of interest so that makes him the best guy of the entire trump government by a fair margin . 
  that sounds reasonable but a word of advice : beware of prisons . 
  the us went on a prison building frenzy in the 80s and now , they have about 0,76 % of their population in prison which means nearly 1,5 % of their total workforce ( as inmates are mostly adults in the working age ) . 
  not directly , no but it is telling : when a politician is not ready to invest into renewable , he rarely is willing to allocate the necessary ressources against climate change . 
  i guess in theory a politician could be pro nuclear and pro active when it comes to ecology but i have yet to see such a politician , at least in the french scene . 
  they want 100 % renewable so obviously they want to phase out fossils fuel plants and not build any new ones so i do n't see your point .
