  talking about innovation and future techs when there are already plenty of solutions that politicians are not willing to push forward . 
  no talk about the european agricultural policy and the intensive agricultural model that is a disaster for both the countryside socially and ecologically . 
  not a word about the meat industry . 
  not a word about incentives to actually produce products with a neutral footprint or how to prevent off sourcing the pollution by importing products made where environments norms are not as tight . 
  everything about that discourse screams that ecology will be , at best , a fourth or fifth priority . 
  well , i would gladly be wrong if macron wins and delivers everything he promised . 
  but i do n't think he will and in that case , i expect it would be one failure too many for french electors . 
  no , they are about the same with fillon being worse because of during all the debates to get his party nomination , he did n't talk about it . 
  not even once in over 4 hours of debate ... macron is at least pretending to care with technocratic bullshit crafted with care to give the illusion he cares but without promising anything concrete . 
  no but the lesser of all evils is not really uplifiting . 
  mark my word : if he gets elected , you will get marine le pen next time . 
  there is only that much disappointment from the liberal program french can handle . 
  i despise him because he has no ecological consciousness which , outside of our disagreements on the economy , should be enough to disqualify enough in this day and age . 
  climate change and other ecological issues needs strong immediate action and this man does n't care . 
  the usual liberal reformist . 
  workers protection is the root of all our economic woes , less regulations and he does n't give a shit about ecology . 
  yes but not that much more and when you take productivity into account and cost versus gdp ratio , you find that it is costing them more relatively speaking . 
  as long as the three biggest armies of the eu ( france , uk and german one ) can communicate ( and they can , there is a lot of co-training and officers exchange ) , that is more than enough to stop any russian offensive long enough to organize a centralized command . 
  the thing about a conflict with russia is that we do n't have to outright win . 
  just stalling them is enough to destroy their weaker economy from war exhaustion . 
  the only way russia could work would be by managing to accomplish a military feat on the scale of the battle of france and that is just very unlikely . 
  not sure it can to be honest . 
  what leftists like me want and what people like mr. schauble want are too radically different for both our visions to coexist in europe . 
   it 's not easy to govern a country . 
  what do you propose instead ? 
  not much . 
  but we are lucky enough in france to have a very wide range of political parties and solutions . 
  we have different paths that are opened to us and i do n't see why the famous `` there is no alternatives '' from thatcher should be considered as a universal truth . 
  i challenge the idea that as procutivity keeps on rising , we should work more for less . 
  i challenge the idea that an ecological shift is necessarily harming the economy . 
  i challenge the idea that social and fiscal dumping is the only economic path opened to us in europe . 
  i challenge the idea that the rise of poverty and inequality should be ignored while tax get cuts on mega corporations and the very rich . 
  i do n't know what the right path is but the repetition of the policies of old are only going to bring a repetition of our current failures , that much i am certain . 
  current macron and social democrat ideology is not up the ecological and social challenges we are facing : they bow to uber and applaud to the destruction of workers protections , have nothing in stock to prepare against the unemployment increase linked to automatization , they are not willing to put forward the legislation to face the ecological emergency and all want to get a positive commercial balance which is arithmetically impossible . 
  same old shit will repeat the same old failures . 
  those are his voters , not his supporters that have been supplying the ideas and money ... where do you think his campaign money come from ? 
  fairies ? 
  or from the 0.1 % ? 
  accuse me of being judemental ... by being judgemental . 
  tell me that i am affraid of change then assume i am going to vote for extremists that are promising massive changes . 
  congratulations , in a few sentences , you managed to contradict yourself twice . 
  if you think fillon is going to apply all his program or that macron is n't going to push much more liberal policies than those he is planning , ** you ** are misinformed . 
  for both of them , this is acting , they would agree on pretty much everything if they were of the same political color . 
  better than le pen , about the same as fillon . 
  they want the same things , just worded differently to gather their ~ ~ suckers ~ ~ electors . 
  if you look who is supporting fillon and macron , you find the same bankers and top 0.1 % executives that hate government regulations with a burning passion . 
  the only difference is the packaging in the media . 
  edit : looking at the downvotes , i did n't make myself clear : when i talk about the supporters , i mean the financial and ideological backing . 
  this guy has nothing in him to reconcile europe with its people . 
  he is the standard social democrat , deregulating markets and social dumping kind that has put us in this mess . 
  for as much as he likes to pretend he is a breakthrough from the typical political class , all of his ideas are typical liberal think tank stock . 
  and yet he titled his political book `` revolution '' . 
  what a joke . 
  and a lot of french are taking the bait ... 
  radioactive fallout is the least of the issue of nuclear weapons . 
  it decays very fast ( less than a week ) and compared to the devastation brought by the explosion itself is not a real issue . 
  not really . 
  this is a common trope that reagan triggered the fall of the soviet union but actually , it mostly crumbled from within and reagan foreign policy helped but was n't decisive by itself . 
  a good / r/askhistorians thread on the [ subject ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/48hg1w/what_was_reagans_contribution_to_ending_the_cold/ ), 
  yeah , the russians who kept going while losing tens of millions would have given up after a few nukes ... bullshit , good thing lunatics like you were n't in command at that time . 
  what ? 
  you made the right choice !, 
  fifty years later , things turned out okay for poland while if the americans had attacked the russians in 1945 , tens of millions of people would have died and europe would have been not only devastated but destroyed !, 
  this is complete lunacy . 
  it was and still never is about liking your allies in geopolitics . 
  if poland gets attacked , the french will come to support because it is basic strategic sense to fight your enemy united and the further away from your borders , especially when nukes are involved . 
  there is a complete consensus among french diplomats , military and politicians on the subject to uphold our alliances in case of russian aggression against a eu or nato ally and if you know the french people a bit , you know they would rally to that cause ( wars of aggression really are easy to gather support in favor ) . 
  people saying that french are n't going to be willing to die for poland are missing the point . 
  we are not going to die for poland but to repel a war of aggression against an ally , which in turn directly threatens us if that ally gets defeated . 
  also , comparisons with wwii are irrelevant . 
  the world is radically different , nukes changed warfare drastically and no global powers still have a military-industrial complex able to sustain a long term conflict with the exception of maybe the americans . 
   at least things are getting better at a fast pace from 20 % of unemployment , 10 % is something that can be achieved in spain . 
  but lower than that ? 
  most countries who have been achieving it in europe has been playing the neo-mercantilist games to its fullest and by definition , not everyone can achieve a trade surplus . 
  if you are losing at this game , the brain drain as your young and brightest elites flee the country will prevent you to recover . 
  things are going to get better but as long as eurocrats stay in denial that there is something deeply flawed in our free trade capitalistic system , they are n't going to get good . 
  i give it 5 to 10 years before truck and taxi drivers start getting massively laid off everywhere in europe as they get replaced by self driving cars . 
  and even that , i am not sure it is going to be enough of a waking call to the so-called elites . 
  this one i did n't get . 
  any helping hand ? 
  i read the article and i still keep my opinion on the matter : any engineering project should n't be studied in a vaccum but compared to other competitive solutions . 
  if you have infinite funding , * anything * is interesting but this is n't the case and there are plenty of much more interesting and efficients solar power projects which would have used the funding better . 
  organic solar power especially . 
  agreeing with you on the matter of the uselessness of the product but while it is true there is more forest area , we are still losing land surface each year to buildings and roads so the amount of free space for solar farms is actually a valid concern if solar power is upscaled to adapt the needs of the whole country . 
  priority should be rooftops . 
  any engineer worth its salt can understand this is at best not the priority and most likely a dead end . 
  for the same price , roofs solar panels or building isolations are much more effective by a factor of 10 minimum . 
  this is a purely political and vanity project that only quality is that it is the first ( and i suspect the last ) of its kind so politicians got talked about and can use the attention to round up the votes of those who do n't have the engineering skills to realize how much a fraud this is . 
  efficiency should be paramount , not media power . 
  it was already the norm , at least here in france . 
  the difference is that it was a very routine measure so not much attention was given to it being perfectly truck proof . 
  for nice , the guy exploited a flaw in the blockade by using the wide sidewalk but it is unlikely that such a mistake will be made a second time here in france . 
  the problem is that next attack will probably use another tactic . 
  terrorists will always have the initiative and there is no such thing as a perfect defense . 
  that was the true sense behind the french pm comment `` you will have to get used to it '' : intel agencies stop 90 to 95 % of the attacks but some will get through and we have to accept that there is no such thing as 0 % risk and keep on living . 
  it was not a message to say that nothing can be done but an assessment that the state is not all powerful . 
  last numbers for france are 7 ~ 7,5 % fyi . 
  ever heard of the words `` middle ground '' ? 
  this is not a binary world where our two choices are expelling all muslims or do nothing . 
  what ?
