  you live your life , do your day of work , laugh with your friends and you think `` ok , economy is shitty and terrorism is awful but things are n't so bad '' and you go watch great fireworks , go to bed and when you wake up , you turn on the radio and you hear that scores of people have been slaughtered . 
  it hits hard . 
  i know that it is a popular trope on reddit but it is n't really true . 
  even if the us were to pull off europe tommorow , europe would still be a nuclear power with uk and france and we would have stip more and better hardware and soldiers than our only possible opponent , russia . 
  most people do n't seem to realize that only the very tip of the spear of the russian army is truly modernized and up the nato standard . 
  also , the idea that the eu would not side with one of its member if attacked does n't hold water . 
  all the european geopoliticians know that it is better to face a threat united from the very beginning than being divided and hesitating , which only makes the agressor grow more and more confident . 
  so the us could pull off europe tommorow and it would n't change much , actually . 
  not me , it has been 16 years since our last international tournament win and i want to experience that again . 
  also , the country could use the good news , especially after how every thing has gone to shit since november . 
  ca n't believe you are saying this after the luxembourg leaks . 
  the guy was prime minister of luxembourg at the times , for god damn sake . 
  do n't forget greece in 2004 . 
  the only weapons that can do it have a range too short and are too slow . 
  with a ballistic nuclear missilen you can destroy a nuclear silo from the other side of the planet within 15 minutes . 
  not something that can be done with a cruise missile . 
  not really , no . 
  unemployment is much more of an issue than debt and tackling unemployment is n't going to be cheap . 
  the germans have more than half of that union power . 
  the eu is completely aligned with germany on politics and economics . 
  there has been no major conflicts first partly because of nuclear weapons during the cold war and secondly because in the modern world order , there is no benefits for such an action . 
  japan economic prowess demonstrated that you can achieve prosperity without any natural ressources through trade and an educated population . 
  for ukraine , if you could find no better example of an invasion in the last 70 years than a separatist war with foreign support , it proves my point . 
  unless you are a very old frenchman , you are unlikely to have known any true nation scaled wars but somehow , you still except naive people to die fast ... 
  in your world , you mean . 
  in the real world , there has n't been a major military confrontation between major powers for over three decades and the last conflict where a western country got its homeland invaded is wwii ( flaklands incident excepted ) . 
  we currently live in the most peaceful and prosperous era in the history of humanity so no , peace lovers do n't die fast . 
  european countries have obligations to defend each other through the european union so we do n't really need nato . 
  also , european militaries are strong enough to face russia even without the us . 
  the idea that somehow russia that has the gdp of italy can defeat the militaries of the eu which is many times more populated and richer , is laughable . 
  yeah , the numbers in russian military inventory are impressive . 
  but their availability rate are abysmal . 
  could n't find the graph i remembered but the article of productivity and growth from the blog of thomas piketty ( in english ) goed in depth on the subject, 
  true but it the statistic is skewed by the fact that the least productive french men are often unemployed so it pushes the productivity up . 
  a more relevant statistic is productivity growth where france is not doing as good as germany ( few do ) but are still doing ok . interestingly enough , both french and german productivity increased at about the same rate until 10 to 15 years ago . 
  `` pourquoi le plan b de m\u00e9lenchon pour l'europe n'est pas le m\u00eame que celui de le pen '' huffington post , 11/03/17 personally , i might vote m\u00e9lenchon but i would n't vote to leave the eu . 
  he has been pretty clear that in case negotiations did n't work and frexit would be an option , there would be a referendum about it . 
  like the uk , there is no leaving without the people voting on it . 
  even if m\u00e9lenchon was elected , france would pull out of europe if the negociations with the eu failed and the french would vote to leave by referendum . 
  it is hardly an unilateral decision by m\u00e9lenchon . 
  sure , that is the most objective description you could find of a guy who have been posting hours of him explaining his ideas on youtube ... 
  it is beautiful but the carrying capacity is shit and good luck gettting out when it is full and you are stuck in the middle . 
  i am not sure our cyclr is comparable to the ones before . 
  never before has been such an amount of retired people , we are compeletly off the gold standard and capital flow at unprecedented speed between borders . 
  the world economies are also very much interconnected and we are into an ecological crisis coupled with overpopulation . 
  throw in automation and i do n't think there is one obvious template to follow . 
  [ world global debt ] ( http://www.economist.com/content/global_debt_clock/ ) was 26 trillion $ in 2005 and now up to 58 trillions $ . 
  it increased two fold in the space of ten years and it shows no signs of slowing down . 
  this is a global phenomenon , doubtful portugal will be able to break from it . 
  does n't seem like trying to be fiscally responsible pay either : denmark has a tight control on its debt and it grew very little from [ 2005 to 2015 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5ov9wx/real_average_gdp_growth_in_years_20052015/ ) . 
  personally , i think that debt , high unemployment coupled to automatisation , population aging and ressources exhaustion are all different sides of a single problem : current economic model wo n't carry us through the 21st century . 
  clinton/sanders , valls/hamon , it is the same issue : the left ca n't reconcile its left wing and its right wing . 
  not that i think it should . 
  a party with ideological disagreements that big is a party in name only . 
  you are more likely to die from just about everything rather than lightning ... 
  normally , the french system is tailored for the president to have his parlimanet majority , with parliament elections coming just after the presidential election . 
  and in that case , the french president has the power in practice as he can fire the prime minister anytime he wishes and select a man that would work out his policy . 
  that is , as long as he has the support of its party and majority which has been the case for the last three presidential mandates . 
  i agree , that 's why i am supporting hamon and m\u00e9lenchon in the coming french presidential election who are both advocating for the 6th french republic and the calling of a popular constitutional assembly . 
   we do have a prime minister and parliamentarians can interpellate the cabinet ministers ( and they do ) . 
  we do have a prime minister but he only has as much power as the president wants to give him and he can fire him at its own discretion if he as the parliament majority . 
  for the interpelliation of the cabinet ministers , we do have the `` questions to the gouvernment '' thing but as far as i know ( google search was inconclusive ) , cabinet ministers can choose not to attend and let the government speaker handle it . 
   i do n't know if the `` high council of judges and prosecutors '' has an equivalent in france but i highly doubt that the french president has the power of assigning the majority of members for any high judicial authority . 
  the high council of judges closest equivalent would be the conseil national de la magistrature and its independance is a complicated matter but in summary : it used to be bad , it is going better since the 2008 reform but it is still not indenepndant enough for the european court of human rights . 
   as for being both president and the head of a party , i do n't think our constitution forbids it but afaik no president has ever been the head of his party and i 'm not sure that would be accepted . 
  in theory , yes . 
  in practice , the french president used to have a * de facto * control over its party and the hollande situation where some members of its own party has been in close to open mutiny is unprecedented . 
  when it comes to the separation of power between the government and parliament , i am fairly confident both turkey and france would be similar . 
  as the article is not too specific about how much control the turkish president would have on turkey high court of justice , i am less confident for the separation between justice and the executive branch compared to france . 
  in france , the equivaleny of the justuce high council is tje conseil sup\u00e9rieur de la magistrature and until the constitutional reform of 2008 , its president used to be the french president !, 
  and even after that reform , the european human right court has given a warning to france because the csm is not independant enough . 
  my point is not that the french constitution is good or that the turkish reform is not a point of concern but in the end , the text by itself is not a brutal swift to dictatorship as the french exemple can show . 
  now , how erdogan will use this constituion is a whole story altogether . 
  i read the article and honestly speaking , there is nothing shocking there for a french citizen . 
  just about everything turkey is proposing are items already in the french constitution . 
  i understand the suspicions regarding the use of that constitution by erdogan , which are indeed concerning but if you look only at the reform proposal , you ca n't criticize them and give a free pass to france . 
  unless i am seriously mistaken about the french constitution and in that case , feel free to correct me . 
  yep , it is all the same ideas again and again : less regulations , less workers right , reduced union powers . 
  well , it looks like he is going to be president anyway so maybe he will prove me wrong but i suspect that he will fail too as his policies are very similar to sarkozy and hollande and next time , the far right might finally snatch the victory . 
  i am not very hopeful for my country 's future . 
  retired old people spending their day watching 24 hours news coverage channels . 
  that 's mostly it . 
  also , angry white people . 
  he is actually an internationalist , not at all a nationalist . 
  same stance as current hollande administration . 
  doubtful considering he is basically hollande 2.0 but further right and holland politics are quite impopular . 
  see this [ post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5y6qmh/eurostat_greece_is_the_only_eu_country_still_in/deocok1/ ) : all the stats are coming from eurostats and are sourced from that french article that you can try to google translate : http://leseconomistesatterres.blogs.liberation.fr/2017/01/15/ces-chiffres-miraculeux-de-leconomie-irlandaise/, 
  oh come on ... that is explaining * part * of ireland success , not the ridiculous figures i was quoting . 
  amount exported by worker for france and uk is about 22500 $ , for the german powerhouse ? 
  35000 $ now , ireland ? 
  since 2000 , ireland output had been multiplied by 2.3 ... despite losing 22 % of its industrial workforce ( -3.9 % for germany and -23.9 % for france ) ireland exports in 2009 ? 
  less than 160 billion euros . 
  in 2015 : close to the double with 317 billions euros , almost as much as sapin a country with 8 times the population . 
  all of that despite its biggest port , dublin where 2/3 of its maritime traffic goes by is smaller than big spanish ports . 
  but ig guess cork is a deep harbor so that makes it ok . 
  finally , employment is up 3.9 % since 2013 but economic activity is up 37 % !, 
  these are not good figures . 
  these are incredible figures that can only be explained when you take into accounts that a lot of companies are settling in ireland to pay their tax there . 
  and about your tax rate : 12.2 % is your * theorical * tax rate . 
  remember how apple was fined 13 billions because they did n't pay that much ?
