  it 's fairly obvious who is the agressor and who is the victim in this conflict . 
  it 's nowhere near as nuanced as syria , or even most other wars really . 
  you 're the one implying that he is being influenced by propoganda . 
  why do n't you back up your assertion , instead of insulting a user for no reason . 
  and if you have n't noticed , the majority of this subreddit is flaired . 
  it 's part of the nature of the community . 
  from those last two goals , the defence clearly fell apart for brazil . 
  though that first goal of theirs looked amazing . 
  it would be nice if we got some more international football matches over here . 
  but are they really ? 
  i would disagree that meaning requires intelligence . 
  a persons emotions are not necessarily intelligent , or given sufficient time to be processed or pondered on , yet their emotions can be laid bare on the canvas or through a melody that they create . 
  some art can be created in these moments of emotional frenzy , rather than in a structured and thoughtful manner . 
  i like your username , because it could read `` i play mein real life '' as well as your original phrasing . 
  it 's literally a foolproof plan . 
  we will dredge the mediterranean to a puddle . 
  the entirety of mainland greece will be used to hold massive water storage containers that house the content of the sea . 
  greece will be renumerated for their storage costs , solving their economic crisis . 
  meanwhile fortress europa will ensure that migrants can not reach past no mans land , which consists of the entirety of the now visible former seafloor . 
  we will also be protected from rising sea levels for the next few forseeable million years . 
  if you 're doing that , you would need to add up the total boko haram , al qaeda , al nusra , al shabaab and all the other terrorist organizations . 
  i suspect the number would be significantly higher . 
  god knows how many there are in syria alone . 
  absolutely agree . 
  britain 's is the same as france 's relucant attitude with italy . 
  you can close the borders all you want , but when they 're already at your neighbours and your neighbours are at breaking point , they 're going to find their way in eventually . 
  there are military barracks in paris not far from the eiffel tower . 
  i saw some marching outside the \u00c9cole militaire, 
  well then we will drain the sea !, 
  probably in several countries , but it sure has no effect in islamic african countries that make up the bulk of exit points to europe . 
  he 's joking about the franglais used above . 
  `` that comment fucked with my head '', 
  i still do n't think i 've tried finnish liquorice . 
  we have a lot of people here with dutch ancestry so dropje 's are n't hard to find , but unfortunately there are n't many finnzealanders . 
  it would help if you spelt `` murderer '' right too . 
  poor oppressed nazis , being rounded up by the jews / s, 
  where 's / r/argentina ???? 
  has iceland verified their elvish population yet ? 
  if `` human rights '' are tied to a court , and said court is opted out of , human rights can very much be suspended . 
  oh piss off, 
  ah true , and other older germanic ones , but i meant among living languages i think icelandic sounds closest . 
  it 's due to the dominance of american media , as well as the bulk of esl teachers and material being american . 
  people copy what they 've learned , and their source of learning is usually american in origin . 
  there 's still a few . 
  i think portugal and spain usually always send a song in their native language , as well as la republique francais . 
  i think part of it is due to the dominance of the scandi 's . 
  english being the first real language of globalization has put it in a fairly entrenched position . 
  it 's going to take a global catastrophe or chinese colonization for english to lose its position . 
  agreed . 
  if you look at french proficiency in america , the highest concentration is n't in louisiana , but actually in northern maine where it borders quebec . 
  i 'd say icelandic actually sounds closer to old english than a lot of other languages . 
  http://www.ruf.rice.edu/~kemmer/words04/history/paternoster.html it 's only after the norman occupation , that middle english actually becomes understandable . 
  the strength of europe is precisely its diversity . 
  if you look at the evolution of romance languages , each one has been profoundly shaped by its peoples experiences after the fall of rome . 
  encouraging these to just go away in favour of using english is tantamount to erasing the history of your people . 
  if every european spoke exclusively english , europe would just look like america . 
  i believe the word you 're looking for is `` anomaly '' at least unless you 're calling swede 's animals . 
  then surely fixing and providing aid to africa 's problems would be a better solution than importing africa 's problems to europe ? 
  i agree that there should be a refugee quota for the eu , for genuine refugees . 
  but you need to understand that the bulk of current migrants now are not fleeing wars , but are migrating for purely economic reasons . 
  the modern day slaves are not those who can afford the hundreds of euros to pay for a boat ride to europe . 
  you can not fix the sins of the past and any pragmatic approach needs to take that into account . 
  if you owe a debt to the nations that housed the irish at their lowest point , then offer a migration quota for australians , americans , canadians , and kiwis . 
  because africa never did anything for ireland . 
  i think i saw this in an anime once , if that 's any reassurance . 
  vote / u/oreography for eu migration policy chief . 
  they are economic migrants . 
  the truly destitute ca n't afford the hundreds of euro 's needed to pay the people smugglers . 
  [ mali , niger , eritrea and sub saharan africa are home to many of the main migrant hubs . 
  these are not war torn countries , people are only coming because the opportunities are better ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/70613000/gif/_70613301_mediterranean_migration_routes_976.gif ), 
  malta recognized as honorary english, 
  i found it interesting that the portuguese island colonies in africa were all uninhabited before european arrival , both cabo verde & sao tome, 
  that is what 's happening though . 
  are you aware that the bulk of `` immigrants ' coming to europe now are coming from destitute african societies via people smugglers , some coming from islamic majority nations that hold zero european values . 
  and again the old adage `` two wrongs does n't make a right '' is relevant . 
  why should europe open its borders for the sins of the descendants of the past ? 
  history is unfair , and even opening the borders does n't fix the suffering of the slaves and other colonial subjects from the 1800s . 
  nobody would have a problem with multicultralism , if it were only skilled migrants from the eu , india or elsewhere . 
  the problem is that `` multiculturalism '' is now such a catch all term , that if you 're against illegal immigration and people smuggling , some on the far left will accuse you of being anti multiculturalism . 
  i 'm glad that in new zealand we have well integrated chinese and south east asian communties here , and they contribute a lot to our country . 
  however , it 's precisely because we accept the educated ones that the integration is successful . 
  hey at least we did n't copy our neighbours fla. ... oh wait . 
  [ i found a hotline you might want to call ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab8gtupdruq ), 
  it 's easy to say you wo n't fight for your country , when you 're not even a country to begin with , 
  first we built the chunnel . 
  then the french sent their war trains . 
  i thought the reputation mostly came from american tourists ? 
  the artificial friendliness that many americans are used to is so different to the blunt but genuine attitude of the french , that there 's a cultural clash . 
  we still associate italian 's with coffee ( i mean espresso , cappuccino are not particularly french sounding names ) but the idea of a successful cafe is inspired a lot by france . 
  do n't forget their laudable racial equality and religious freedoms as well !, 
  you 're actually pretty good , compared to some other nato partners . 
  i 'm not naming names ^ ^ ^ cough ^ ^ ^ cough ^ ^ ^ baltic ^ ^ ^ states [ but ... ] ( http://static.businessinsider.com/image/54ef1ecfdd08952f458b464d-1200/image.jpg ), 
  you know , saying it twice does n't make it happen , 
  my mother who 's a veritable coffee snob , gave the thumbs up to the 1 euro espresso 's in paris . 
  this is the same woman who trekked all over a remote sri lankan town looking for a good coffee , so there 's some praise at least . 
  anyways , your cafe culture is loved across the world . 
  [ i 'll take one train to maria olafs house please . 
  what a qt ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ovfuzq_l72k/vs6n8addbdi/aaaaaaaaiic/8xthbricqy4/s1600/10959490_10205740076041082_4569420933722379727_n.jpg ), 
  pubs are the most social places in england . 
  where did you go ?
