  who would have thought the largest financial centre in europe was at the heart of hiding billionaire financiers taxes ? 
  a lot of people are n't aware of the extent of the traditions , but anyone who has been to london knows `` the city of london '' is the central district . 
  yes , but it 's also easier for any country that uses the latin alphabet . 
  that includes all of south america and most of africa as well . 
  i would wager english is also easier for anyone who has arabic as their first language too . 
  a non tonal language with an easier writing system than chinese will generally be easier to learn for the majority of the worlds population . 
  the scottish referendum issue in particular had the bbc often denounced by left wing scots as biased towards the right , since they saw the remain vote as being the conservative choice . 
  can somebody explain why the netherlands in particular was given the vote on this association agreement ? 
  it 's not a dutch - ukranian issue , it 's an eu wide one . 
  should n't it have been left for the european parliament to vote on it ? 
  i 'm terribly sad to see this happen . 
  it will be perceived as a spit in the face to all those ukranians who have fought so hard to break russia 's stranglehold on its political establishment . 
  the people in ukraine spilling blood to move away further in the eu are in their banana republics funded by russia . 
  the majority of ukraine wanted closer european ties , that was what maidan was all about ; breaking russia 's influence . 
  a lot of people would say nandos , even though it 's south african . 
  what about toblerone ? 
  ryanair does n't have any brand power outside europe . 
  guinness does . 
  i personally do n't see what 's cringeworthy or objectionable in someone expressing themselves in their native language . 
  this is a european subreddit and so it 's not inappropriate as it would be in one of the default subs . 
  it only becomes annoying if people insist on posting everything bilingually like monsieur clauzel does . 
  not sure why people have downvoted you , i think they probably saw a turkish flag and assumed you were as nationalistic as the rest . 
  i agree and am against criminalizing the measure myself , but as a cypriot pointed out this has no real political consequences and is just a political move . 
  in all of western europe it 's not a crime . 
  regarding the acceptance you absolutely should . 
  however , my understanding is that it can open the door for reparations which the turkish government would not want . 
  can an apology be given without negotiating reparations ? 
  go look at the comments sections on news articles about the conflict . 
  pan-turkist sentiments are n't just on an ethnic basis , they have a religious basis as well . 
  predictably people from pakistan and other muslim countries with no clue about the conflict have been supporting the azeris . 
  if you have a problem with european languages being spoken i would suggest you find another subreddit . 
  it is quite hard to believe that people who were genuinely fleeing religious persecution and lived in horrible conditions would immediately break the terms of their asylum . 
  i watched a 20/20 documentary on iraqi christians who fled from mosul after isis overran their town . 
  they lived in tents within the grounds of a church in kurdistan . 
  the conditions were terrible and the place could n't cope with any more refugees . 
  they went the legal route unlike all the migrants paying people smugglers to illegally enter europe , but were denied by almost every european country . 
  [ only slovakia granted them legal asylum , and this was only for 100 people or so . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgyid0v07vq ) likewise i 'm skeptical that yazidis or other religious minorities granted asylum in europe would break the terms of their asylum . 
  if they know the alternative is homelessness in iraq , what rational person would do that unless they never really faced persecution at all . 
  settle down donald, 
  i realize the rationale that these people may be monitored to gain valuable intelligence information , but it simply should be a criminal offense . 
  would n't intelligence also be retrieved by arresting and questioning them as well ? 
  the problem is that the numbers of these arabs in all but citizenship are impossible to monitor . 
  what should be a provable crime and one that is easy to detect is whether these people have gone to fight for jihadi groups overseas . 
  surely this should be criteria enough for determining whether these people are a danger to european society . 
  whether or not they have committed specific crimes on european soil should n't excuse what they have done to innocent people in syria . 
  ah yes informative discussion mmm, 
  they 're free to be poor whereas you and your commie welfare states literally force people to not starve, 
  no your english is fine . 
  the hungarian has got it wrong , it 's clear from the title . 
  no he 's 1/8 irish too, 
  very insightful post . 
  the `` britishness '' of the past still lingers over modern britain , even if the society has totally changed . 
  your post is essentially a summary of how not to be british . 
  it is not work if it is for the motherland , it is reward . 
  `` i see no russophobia up here '' - yuri gargarin, 
  this filthy imperialist has n't set their clock to moscow time, 
  go away nato scum, 
  this just in : modern day neo nazi 's on / r/europe are advocating anschluss . 
  why does n't isis ever attack mongolia ? 
  clearly the only conclusion is that genghis khan is behind them . 
  colonialism is more neutral than civilized , but still has enough negative baggage amongst the left to make it a usable term . 
  settled and colonized are synonyms but one is perceived as being more negative . 
  the more important semantics are what constitutes australia . 
  there was no australian nation but there was an australian continent . 
  one was a vast land with various aboriginal tribes and the other is the modern successful product of british colonialism . 
  these academics not specifying which definition they 're referring to in order to equate both of them to same level is disingenuous . 
  yes but for countries who already moved the bulk of their industry to china , it 's much harder . 
  no colonized would be a better bet as it 's a neutral term . 
  civilized has positive connotations that nobody behind this name change would ever accept . 
  the problem is what you 're defining as australia . 
  there was no unified country called australia but there was the australian continent . 
  the british invaded and settled the continent , but they also established `` australia '' as a nation . 
  there was no invasion of the nation , there was an invasion of the aboriginal tribes disbursed throughout the continent . 
  yes i really do n't know what cameron was thinking with this date . 
  it was promised before the end of 2017 , so there was more time for him to delay it . 
  you have to wonder if the migrant crisis could possibly get any worse next year , otherwise why hold it now at the seeming height of the eu 's p.r nightmare . 
  the out campaign are the most invested in this . 
  if this fails they wo n't get another chance for decades , if ever . 
  i 'm aware of the silent majority but with the amount of bad publicity the eu has received recently i 'm wavering towards the result being brexit . 
  it will be incredibly close though either way . 
  i 'm sensing something of a theme going on here . 
  i 'm not sure about the us , but in our common law justice system you can sue for defamation providing whatever accusations published against you are false and have had provable harm . 
  your point about the cost is why i 'm critical of the american system . 
  the very threat of a multi million dollar law suit in the states can force people to back away from statements they know are true , because they ca n't afford the lawyers to contest the case . 
  you can see it in copyright with patent trolls and other legal areas as well . 
  here it 's far more difficult to pursue a law suit - i do n't even think you can actually sue as such for non defamation cases . 
  the issue has never really been terrorism , it 's about integration . 
  terrorism is just a symptom of the failure of integration . 
  the eta and ira had political motivations that could be negotiated with , but their members still had a western mentality despite from the crimes they committed . 
  the ira did n't want to shut themselves off from society . 
  no basque or irishman would hesitate to say they were n't europeans . 
  islamists can not be negotiated with and many of those who are peaceful muslims , do not really see themselves as being part of wider society, 
  the entire political class of western europe, 
  no he 'll just threaten them with a law suit, 
  i assume turkish dual citizens can serve in the turkish military . 
  as a solely nz citizen you can serve in the new zealand or british armed forces , the french foreign legion as well as the australian armed forces under some preconditions . 
  no you ca n't just serve in some random nato army if you 're not a citizen of the country . 
  i think his point was serving in a non allied army is totally forbidden . 
  then those people have no idea what their faith actually stipulates .
