  the slide towards islamophilia has been a slow one . 
  so you think those people being polled were liars ? 
  i know that few spaniards would attend church weekly but that 's true in every christian country . 
  the majority still identify as catholic though . 
  jajajaja we can still tunnel under hermano . 
  science does n't offer lessons on morality . 
  philosophy and humanistic ethics are the secular alternative . 
  you mean catalonia . 
  [ the rest of spain is as catholic as everyone would expect ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1i8fjxs.jpg ), 
  i watched night train to lisbon a few weeks ago , which was set during the estado novo . 
  the film painted the secret service as absolute monsters . 
  i was wondering if the truth about his rule had been exaggerated . 
  we just want to be imperialists for the day though :( [ first we shall conquer the pacific . 
  then we conquer the world ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/82/nz_realm_of_new_zealand.png/800px-nz_realm_of_new_zealand.png ), 
  do you even have glaciers and volcanoes ? 
  i did n't think so . 
  iceland please join us . 
  the first sheep empire is coming and it will be a powerful thing . 
  it 's never wise to say something will never happen , but a greek turkish union will never happen . 
  turkey you never belonged in napalm !, 
  `` what the fuck are you coming to bury what suction . '', 
  i would say chinese would be very high up as well . 
  i do n't speak the language , but there 's a quoted chinese proverb for just about every social situation . 
  do you have any that are n't about alcohol ? 
  `` skinning a cat '' exists in english as well . 
  after seeing the meaning it 's so obvious , but it 's still cryptic enough to confuse people . 
  mined in china, 
  all of ireland was `` british '' a century ago , and still part of ireland is british . 
  irish people can never be english but they can be british , as british is an identity for whoever lives in the united kingdom . 
  there is one time you would always use whom . 
   in one specific context whom seems obligatory : when it is preceded by quantifiers such as all of , both of , few of , many of , several of , etc. 
  for example :  the millennium stadium accommodates 72,500 spectators , all of whom are seated . 
   congratulations to all the winners , most of whom are definitely reading this blog !, 
  in almost every other context it 's unnecessary though . 
  and you guys still get on their nerves . 
  well done france , you really played the long game on this one . 
  i really admire the guy . 
  he 's had so many threats from hardline muslims in the uk too . 
  sounds like an abysmal 60s pop group . 
  isis do already control a small amount of territory on the lebanese border . 
  bravo estonia, 
  we were never a penal colony ; we were just their farm . 
  we 're more than just a sheep pen you know . 
  we used to be your sheep pen ^ ^ sniff, 
  did somebody say danzig ? 
  what 's a lecki ? 
  cleaners all use industrial vaccums though , which will always be better than commercially available products . 
  i would n't worry about egypt now they have their secular dictator in power . 
  isis 's presence in libya and the civil war there is definitely a worry though . 
  yeah but blackadder amirite ? 
  at least you 're honest, 
  but that would mean all conferences in europe would just be in london or moscow . 
  perhaps i am being unfair on the germans , but everything we 've seen so far seems to be close to bullying or at least scapegoating greece for germany 's own failures . 
  leave hellas alone guys :( yeah i 've lurked here for four years or so and did put in a mod application . 
  i do n't really know if that qualifies as being an old timer though . 
  no that 's a good list and i 'm aware of turkish claims to internationally recognized greek territory . 
  i never factored in that they could use the event as a pretence to actually invade greek territory . 
  i also realize that the `` australian approach '' is impossible due to the overlapping maritime territory , as there 's no international waters that the boats could go back to , despite some of the more irate posters here arguing that should be the approach taken . 
  so you think the turks would use the event as a pretence to invade a greek island ? 
  that does make more sense . 
  because they 're all talk about european solidarity but are doing nothing to help greece . 
  there needs to be a cross european border force and funding shored up now for greece . 
  if germany so badly want their refugee darlings they should be taking them from greece after helping process them . 
  it has certainly happened in lesbos, 
  the first two points i agree with but why would turkey invade ? 
  they 're not turkish citizens , they have no real concern towards migrants who transited through their country . 
  argentina 's new president seems more reasonable . 
  he 's less of a die hard socialist than the previous administrations , so hopefully it wo n't come up so much . 
  `` jews '' especially the american and european jews are n't some homogeneous block . 
  left wing political organizations , some of whom are chaired by individual jews are funding them . 
  i have a feeling this is some generic persian rug pattern used by a ton of companies . 
  we had a nicer rug with a near identical pattern as well . 
  western europe is a different kettle of fish to the former eastern bloc though . 
  i would have no reservations travelling anywhere in western europe only being monolingual , aside from learning some basic local phrases . 
  i would never assume that i could get by in english in somewhere like moldova . 
  now is the time for norway to start its own screw the european union ... union . 
  you can get the uk and switzerland on your team . 
  meet every year in london , zurich or oslo to get drunk and make rude jokes about the swedes , french or eu country of your choice . 
  i 'm hoping for some pop songs along the lines of `` baby come back '' at eurovision . 
  it would be much harder to renegotiate a separate currency agreement if the uk were to rejoin the eu a decade or two from now . 
  my understanding is that new members have to pledge to at least join the eurozone some time in the future . 
  i apologize if i had any misconceptions . 
  i 've seen other irish people take offence to the term , since it implies the culture and heritage of the person is of a british background . 
  this is certainly true with us , australia and canada , and was true at least initially for the usa . 
  nowadays of course all our countries are more multicultural , but the dominant ethnicity in canada , nz and au is british . 
  the anglosphere does n't include jamaica or singapore for example , where english is the native language , because the countries were not settled heavily by people from the british isles . 
  irish people are their own ethnicity , have their own culture and are separate to the uk . 
  that 's at least my understanding as to why certain irish take offence to the term , because they do n't believe it 's applicable to ireland . 
  surely there is still some animosity towards britain over ireland 's historical treatment ? 
  i 've seen several irishmen complain over the issue online and spoken to irish people who at least dislike the uk for historical reasons . 
  i know nowadays the average brit and irishmen have nothing against each other personally , but politically i think there 's still some animosity . 
  even if you 're not in the `` anglosphere '' i still see ireland as having incredibly close cultural ties to all our countries , especially with historical irish immigration . 
  thanks man . 
  i love canadians too . 
  unfortunately i ca n't say i 've reciprocated in terms of viewing habits :( there 's a bit of an accent divide here . 
  some rural accents are awful , some older people sound british and others sound like australian with a slight vowel shift . 
  this american lady is the only foreigner who i 've felt has gotten it right https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab_mlnr1q4i, 
  tbh i do n't even watch new zealand television and i 've been told my accent is more like an australian one . 
  the only good thing was flight of the conchords and that was done overseas anyways . 
  well actually seven days and some of the live comedy is okay too .
