  http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/health/9331572/one-in-10-kiwis-now-alcoholic i do n't really know any stereotypes about us , other than that we 're more reserved than australians and have an equally if not sillier accent . 
  funnily enough , parisians were hospitable to me than londoners were . 
  brits outside of london were friendly though . 
  ashkenazi jews do n't , however the political stance of the israeli government is and has always been that all jews are welcome . 
  1 stone throw = 1 concern did n't you do the maths ? 
  but is it really ? 
  needs to be closer to the crisis . 
  if one was to propose a reasonably large mediterranean island that feasibly could have its population relocated , the italian island of pantellaria is probably a good candidate . 
  it was formerly a penal colony as well , and has a population of only 7000 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pantelleria, 
  neither ceuta or mellila are really not feasible , unless you relocate the entire population . 
  the residents there are used to the same high living standards as the rest of spain . 
  not only that , but they are tiny enclaves . 
  a massive migrant center would take up almost the entire territory . 
  the vast majority of eu residents do n't make daily trips into a neighbouring country though . 
  your example is really an extreme and infrequent one . 
  belgium and the netherlands share one of the most convoluted borders on earth , and free movement between them is something of a necessity . 
  i 'm convinced that if the migrant crisis continues at the scale it 's currently occurring , there will have to be tougher conditions imposed on schengen . 
  it only makes the referendum vote even more hilarious in my opinion . 
  italian sounds musical french sounds refined spanish sounds vibrant portuguese sounds like a mixture of russian , italian and spanish . 
  german sounds angry dutch sounds uncoordinated and somewhat angry . 
  greek sounds interesting russian sounds slurred and monotonous . 
  all the nordic languages sound silly . 
  of course , i was just putting the date in context though . 
  thanks , that 's a really interesting post . 
  are you able to get residency in the republic of cyprus , or is the border just open for visiting now ? 
  i take it there 's a strong linguistic and cultural divide between turkish and greek now . 
  probably the stupidest decision in european history too , but over a hundred years later . 
  no , most likely not . 
  muslims were only in spain in the middle ages :\\ ^ ), 
   even marxists warned the role that religion played in controlling the most vulnerable in society is this supposed to be surprising ? 
  just look at the state policies on religion of all communist states . 
  both mecca and medina are entire cities . 
  the vatican ( the closest example ) is open to all faiths . 
  there are plenty of cult compounds that nobody who does n't believe in jesus 's ufo chariot ca n't enter into either , but these are irrelevant places . 
  mecca is a site of immense historical and cultural significance . 
  people criticize the saudi 's precisely because their entire country has zero religious freedom . 
  it 's not just mecca that 's the problem, 
  that 's nowhere near the majority though . 
  italy and poland both have much higher religious populations . 
  malta and greece too have near 100 % majorities . 
  [ ironically our air force has a picture of a flightless bird on it ] ( http://www.usnzcouncil.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/rnzaf-logo.png ), 
  this is all absurd  an independent scotland can help nato become a denuclearizing force why would nato denuclearize ? 
  it relies on mad and nukes for power projection . 
   the breakup of the uk would give british folks an even greater say in the eu , just based on numbers considering the uk may be leaving the european parliament within the space of a few years , this is n't a major concern . 
  most brits are apathetic towards the eu parliament , considering one of the larger parties voted in there is ukip . 
   it would have a massive effect on the us because of the demographics of the american political system . 
  if the scots of the american south could be inspired by the homeland they 're so damned proud of to take steps towards building an education , healthcare , and criminal justice system that the people in their homeland want to build , it will permanently shift the ground in american politics . 
  firstly , nobody in the uk would care . 
  secondly , why do you think this would be the case . 
  do italians in new york follow political news in the motherland deeply ? 
  most scots in the us are far removed from their ancestral homeland . 
  i 'm sure there would be some parties and viewings of braveheart if it did happen , but the celebrations would be short lived , and the south would remain the same . 
   it would reestablish the importance of the nation-state in the political thought of the left . 
  i doubt it . 
  the political left are the greatest supporters of national fragmentation around the world , be it in catalonia , scotland , basque country , turkey etc. 
  if there was a move for orkney independence in the new scottish republic , you can be sure the left would be cheering it on . 
  nationalism and ethnic identity are the antithesis of leftwing politics . 
   most importantly t will allow scots to build a better scotland in the long term i agree . 
  however in the short term it would be a painful breakup , and scotland has nowhere near the economic resources as the rest of the uk , considering the oil has nearly run out . 
  an independent scotland is worse for us interests , as both the uk and scotland will be a less powerful ally . 
  the us were n't the ones spearheading libya though . 
   north atlantic forces that already exist and have bases in europe vs  imaginary army of a non unified political entity hmmm, 
  what will we do if russia attacks us :(, 
  but again , most people do n't want to feel `` european '' . 
  any allegiance they have is to their own cultures and countries . 
  forcing this against public opinion will lead to massive backlash . 
  yes , but as the poster above said , when referring to america people associate it with the political entity , rather than the geographic one . 
  this is also true of britain , which is why the distinction is made . 
  if canada was once part of the united states it would be similarly analogous . 
  they would be very disgruntled if one was to call them `` american '' , because the political entity is what people first associate them with . 
  `` north american '' is much clearer anyways . 
  no , it 's understandable . 
  british is synonymous with great britain - the political entity , as well as the british isles . 
  therefore there is confusion over the term , and people believe that both the political and geographic meanings apply , when only the geographic one does . 
  as you 're probably aware , for historical reasons , there are very negative connotations with being confused as british . 
  thank you dear zombie mother . 
  how do you feel about the turks ? 
  if you want to see a good film about the life of french minorities that sound similar to what you saw , i highly recommend la haine . 
  hey , you do actually have another language you know . 
  i doubt many of those fleeing are gay , but if so , then yes there 's grounds for asylum . 
  those that have grounds for political asylum are likely either in jail already , or not wealthy enough to make their way to europe . 
  grassroots activists are generally not rich people . 
  nz is lower than australia on average , with sydney having a terrible housing bubble that 's similar to london prices . 
  i agree , you will get a nice townhouse in new zealand for much lower than london . 
  getting any sort of detached property and a large section you need close to a million pounds . 
  housing in london two to three decades ago was actually fairly affordable . 
  a lot of new zealanders went over and bought properties when they worked in london for a period . 
  nowadays nobody can do that . 
  do you live in oslo ? 
  i can imagine it 's very pricey there . 
  7 million will get you a decent mansion in london too . 
  if i was that wealthy i would pick a bigger city than dublin . 
  it actually surprises me that a property in portland is only 300,000 usd . 
  your first one looks a really nice house . 
  american real estate outside of cali + nyc actually seems comparatively affordable , especially by european standards , but even by new zealand standards as well . 
  the median house price in my city ( third largest in new zealand ) is 270,000 euros . 
  depending on the suburb , you can get a fairly decent looking 3 bedroom townhouse . 
  in nicer suburbs , you would be looking at a 2 bedroom property that needs some work . 
  http://www.trademe.co.nz/property/residential-property-for-sale/auction-906652995.htm http://www.trademe.co.nz/property/residential-property-for-sale/auction-857265995.htm, 
  yes , i looked at the figures and you 're right .
