  i 've heard good things about top of the lake too , but again it 's more of a foreign production . 
  what compelled you to start watching new zealand tv ? 
  maybe get poseidon to blockade the dardanelles to stop the turks navy getting out . 
  however if the old gods have gone into retirement on mt olympus , then perhaps jesus can do the loaves and fishes thing with an invincible hellenic clone army ? 
  i mean surely he owes you that much with the millenia of keeping the faith . 
  kek . 
  i love your sense of humour . 
  maybe we should get a portuguese or venetian to handle the mapping instead of the brits . 
  [ our mighty naval units are ready for you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/is914e8.jpg ) . 
  constantinople will be yours in a week , no problem . 
  not me . 
  i know modern turks are different to their ottoman ancestors and a lot have a western mentality , but when i see them bragging about genocides online or the imperialism that made millions suffer it makes me lose sympathy towards them . 
  a lot of people hate turks , especially in the balkans . 
  why is portugal slytherin ? 
  also can you please say something mean about me ? 
  no surprise that a dutch complaint post is all about others stealing their money, 
  anglosphere has more to do with the culture and ethnicity as much as it does the language . 
  i know you have a lot in common with britain after the occupation , but you have your own unique culture as well . 
  most irish people seem to be offended when referred to as `` anglo '' due to the animosity towards britain . 
  130,000 is the median house price in a few uk regions . 
  all the counties around london are more expensive though www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/sep/02/housing-market-gulf-salaries-house-prices, 
  a southern european superstate would be amazing . 
  i know it 's never going to happen , but greece and rome uniting again gives me a history boner . 
  at least you have your incredible beer and chocolate . 
  culinary wise belgium has nothing but positive feelings overseas . 
  everything i read about the balkans makes me realize the hate towards the ottomans is justified . 
  they really did ruin you all . 
  there was no `` albanian '' identity in ancient illyria , but there was a hellenistic identity that continues to this day . 
  i think that 's the reason why . 
  it 's a bit like english people trying to claim the achievements of the roman empire . 
  just because they occupied your land , does n't make you one of them . 
  i was going to say it 's quite laughable for a scot to lecture a welshman on a lack of representation . 
  if anyone has n't been getting a fair deal in the uk it 's wales . 
  as if america does n't command the western world already , regardless of eu politics . 
  obama recently commented on how they wanted the brits to remain in the eu . 
  if anything can be perceived as following american orders , it 's remaining in the eu . 
  wo n't it complicate your existing free movement treaty with the brits as well ? 
  also danish pastries were first created by austrian bakers as well . 
  the croissant sandwich obviously . 
  it was inevitable from the start . 
  the only places in scotland that still have a heavy nordic influence are up in the north though , and more specifically the orkney islands . 
  the main scottish cities and mainstream scottish culture has more of a british influence , after centuries of being part of the uk . 
  do you ever use the vos form ? 
  brazilians seem to ignore that particular verb form , since they use the ele/ela he/she form for voce as well . 
  there is no other verb conjugation for you in english , that 's true . 
  when talking to the pope , you would address him as `` your holiness '' and use compliments and reverential language . 
  speaking english formally relies more on tone and choice of words , rather than any additional grammatical structure . 
  i can see how it would be annoying to anyone used to the romance languages though . 
  call me elitist or whatever , but i 've never abbreviated text messages . 
  i never really saw the point , it just makes it more difficult to understand . 
  now in the age of autocomplete and smartphones , it makes zero sense . 
  europeans should just use voc\u00ea already, 
  it 's not even that hard to learn . 
  i took french for three years and numbers were probably the easiest part . 
  do n't forget koenigsberg, 
  the irish tried cutting carbs from their diet but it had bad results . 
  exactly , this is the true test of patriotism - who do you really care about when things are rough ? 
  is it your friends and fellow citizens , or people living on the other side of europe ? 
  as we can see whenever the eu has a crisis , the solidarity is mostly for show and people go back to their selfish national habits , aside from perhaps between neighbouring countries . 
  do n't tell britain to rage okay !!, 
  `` i wholeheartedly endorse this message . 
  britain is shite , so you might as well stay out . '', 
  \\ - the home office of the united kingdom, 
  it 's easy to see how humanity can resort to hate when presented with an `` other '' but if you 're referring to the holocaust , there 's a big difference in the way these migrants are acting and that of the jewish citizens that european governments had an obligation to protect . 
  what nationality are you ? 
  not as if there are n't hundreds of germans either . 
  people in glasshouses etc, 
  i do n't argue for any of those options but the eu needs preventative measures . 
  the flow will not stop if it remains attractive for them to come to europe , no matter how much you pay turkey, 
  bloody hell britain, 
  i quite enjoyed an irish tv series that had a man attempting to travel round ireland using only gaelic . 
  a personality cult is n't quite deification though . 
  ironically the wikipedia page claims north korea is an atheist state and then puts juche down as the religion which only two thirds of the population practice . 
  i 'm sure that 's very reliable , that only two thirds of north koreans follow juche ... 
  i 've seen people here compare extreme right and extreme left wing political ideologies to religion . 
  they may both be dogmatic but there is no actual worship involved . 
  i know there were christian missionaries in northern korea before it was communist and there were plenty of buddhist clergy . 
  i do n't doubt that there is religious belief , but the state position on religion is that the dprk is an atheist state . 
  that 's why i mentioned it . 
  i do n't think any ngo can take a reliable poll there , since almost all are banned and they can only visit restricted areas anyways . 
  anyone who says `` i 'm moving to ___ '' based on their religious beliefs or lack of them is absurd . 
  anywhere in the western world is fine for a non believer . 
  you should n't make that your primary criteria for doing anything . 
  so long as you have the freedom to practice or not practice a religion , nothing else related to religion should matter . 
  it 's like a catholic saying `` i must move to poland '' because of their high church attendance . 
  right , so do you have any connection with poland other than being catholic ? 
  then perhaps it 's a bad idea . 
  likewise i very much doubt the german above speaks icelandic or has any connection with it . 
  if non religious belief is really your only criteria for immigrating , why not try the dprk ? 
  france had some fallout from the algerian civil war in the 90s . 
  there 's nothing wrong with parents taking photos of it for capturing family memories , but i personally would n't share it on facebook if i had children . 
  a europe where jews are no longer safe to live in is a europe that none of us are safe to live in . 
  first it will be the jews that have to either change their lifestyles or leave ... then it will be the rest of us . 
  yes i think if a migrant family was willing to be hosted by a catholic parish then they would probably be less fervent in their religious beliefs , and more likely to be legitimate refugees . 
  the repercussions on reddit are far less significant than those in society . 
  yeah i must say his view on the turks was written from a very atheistic perspective . 
  i was more taken with his position as a greek person on why the turks dislike them . 
  i do n't think his main point that the greeks missed out on the renaissance after being under ottoman rule is inaccurate , but it 's far from the only reason for their decline . 
  despite the 1990s web design , i thought this was an interesting take on the two nations different perspectives . 
  i thought his interpretation of the reason for greek decline under the turks was a little simplistic though .
