  firstly , my comment was n't even directed at you but at the above poster . 
  you seem to be happy to dismiss my right to comment here as if demanding some kind of obscene internet authority , while you 're happy to speak on behalf of all the irish . 
  secondly i would suggest you owe me civility , as per the rules of this sub . 
  i 'm not attacking your nation or countrymen , only offering my perspective on the british empire which comes from a nation which clearly benefited from its success . 
  you seem to have a uniformly negative view of the british empire , where as myself and others have pointed out , it 's a topic which requires a lot of nuance . 
  i know i and other anglo nations need to look past our patriotism to reach a position of nuance , but so do many irish and other nations which were harmed by the empire in order to judge it properly . 
  perhaps if we can each listen to each other 's perspectives , we might reach a better understanding of the topic . 
  that is all i am suggesting . 
  there is no malice , no irish-phobia or whatever else you seem to be inferring . 
  only a suggestion to look at the issue with slightly more nuance instead of attacking me personally . 
  i am not demanding anything , i 'm merely suggesting you try to look at history from a non-irish perspective . 
  ireland was very much the exception and not the rule when it came to the empire . 
  you 're right to chastise the rabid unapologetic nationalists who are blind to the wrong it did . 
  they clearly lack any sort of perspective or empathy , but it would also be good to look past the atrocities in your own country and look to their actions elsewhere . 
  my country would not exist without the british empire , nor would the united states , canada or australia . 
  for all the wrong it did , you can not ignore the good . 
  perhaps comparing them with the soviet 's is somewhat fair , but it 's simply hyperbole to compare them with the nazis . 
  all empire 's are not equal , they exist on a relative scale . 
  the british empire never had the same notions of racial prejudice , nor genocide as an outright goal . 
  i get that the brit nationalist wanker is spewing bullshit , but do n't pretend your war of independence affected the british empire one iota . 
  you waged your war shortly after the british army had fought in a much larger one ( ww1 ) on the continent . 
  ww2 was the catalyst for the end of the british empire , they had no money left to maintain it . 
  once india was gone , it was never going to come back . 
  yes , but belgium still exists . 
  it was a noble sacrifice . 
  well it 's no surprise since anglo countries are the most americanized on earth . 
  if you share a language and significant ties with the most important english speaking country , then their cultural output becomes inescapable . 
  no , we 're pretty docile creatures . 
  also to clarify , the wildlife here is incredibly safe . 
  there are no deadly predators , bears or huge dangerous mammals . 
  we 're one of only a handful of countries to have no snakes , and the only poisonous spider is a tiny species that lives in rural parts whose bite is n't fatal . 
  so if iran was calling for britain to be destroyed , but only meant the british nation and not the british people , would you be fine with that ? 
  bravo portugal !, 
  and if you do n't believe him , then trust kerankou . 
  kerankou is a good guy , the best . 
  i have friends who have dealt with kerankou , and they always say `` oreography , kerkankou is amazing . 
  buy some shares in kerankou . '', 
  and i did . 
  i bought them , and they made me so rich . 
  that 's why we 've got great people on our side folks . 
  regarding russia , the colours of blue , white and red are inspired by pan-slavism . 
  this is also true for some other slavic countries like serbia and slovakia . 
  i prefer hong kong :d, 
  for killing a civilization ? 
  no thank you, 
  the pop-historical narrative that christianity caused the downfall of rome ( ignoring the eastern empire ) and led directly to the dark ages is very common indeed . 
  edward gibbon 's ` decline and fall ' probably played a role to contributing to the narrative , but it 's still a respected text amongst historians , even if modern scholarship has eclipsed it . 
  his point is relevant when discussing historic population trends, 
  well , taking control of the world 's biggest economy would probably fix any problems . 
  at least he still lives in the country , unlike a lot of `` irish '', 
  you 're completely right irm\u00e3o , but the whole crisis has shown how much of a myth european unity is , when member states have to make sacrifices . 
  everyone closed their borders , and left it for the greeks and italians to deal with . 
  i do n't think it 's fair for the asylum processing centres to be in a single country , as there are multiple routes of transit . 
  the tunisian authorities likely would n't be able to cope . 
  a thousand curses on you . 
  you are speaking new zealandish and calling it australianish, 
  because i 've been to the uk and have dipped my toe into the water on some of the beaches on the south coast . 
  it 's not particularly pleasant , even in summer . 
  [ at least you do n't have your own website irmao :( ] ( http://worldmapswithout.nz/ ), 
  i 'm not sure about a current , but the temperatures can drop pretty low . 
  the british were a superpower by virtue of the territory they held , and that they effectively had control of world trade . 
  before the `` petrodollar '' and true globalization , the british navy was more or less the guarantor of world trade , given that they controlled access to the atlantic through gibraltar and to asia and africa through the suez canal . 
  for most of the 19th century , britain was the most technologically advanced society on earth - spearheading the industrial revolution and developing the world 's first modern factories and industry . 
  true britain did not have land armies as impressive as germany , but they did n't need them . 
  they could easily drum up manpower from their colonies , as the boer war and ww1 showed . 
  the british empire post ww1 remains the largest empire the world has ever seen . 
  they were a superpower in every sense of the word . 
  all of them are fervent nationalists who would erode greece 's sovereignty in a heartbeat if it was possible , regardless of where they sit on the political spectrum . 
  you never hear `` let 's take back constantinople '' from anyone but golden dawn in greece . 
  blair relaxed the immigration requirements . 
  a lot were pakistani and indian . 
  well they are our dependency , so just go with the new zealand flag , 
  also participating with my mini union jack :d, 
  scotland was essentially forced into joining the union after ruining their finances , but unlike ireland they did n't have their culture eradicated and many native scots benefited from being part of britain when it was at its height . 
  the scots joined out of necessity , but they willingly did so . 
  the irish joined because britain invaded and colonized the island . 
  [ this would indicate the number is closer to 3 % in the new york metropolitan area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_york_metropolitan_area#religion ), 
  is n't it just made in the italian style though ? 
  some kind of roux ? 
  i was n't trying to be condescending , but i find it hard to interpret going on a tangent about how stupid christianity is , as anything but ranting for the sake of it . 
  it 's not constructive , all it tells people is that you ca n't put your own biases aside when discussing religion . 
  even if poland has no monarchy , there is a fundamental difference between the two scenarios . 
  the `` world '' referenced in a bible can be interpreted as a spiritual construct , rather than simply referring to the physical earth . 
  jesus then would simply be a spiritual king , rather than a political one . 
  thus it has no ramifications for those who do n't believe in christianity . 
  however a `` king of poland '' can only be interpreted politically . 
  it 's a social construct , not a metaphysical one . 
  once you mix patriotism and religion , the two can not be divorced . 
  that 's the danger , and why it would be a far worse alternative . 
  there 's only one way of interpreting it , and that 's as a nationalistic gesture glorifying the state through a manipulation of religion . 
  regardless of your feelings towards christianity , it 's clearly a huge part of the cultural fabric of poland , and is referenced in their politics . 
  from a purely political perspective , this is essentially just quoting the bible where it mentions jesus as `` king '' . 
  it does n't have the worrying nationalistic trappings that jesus as `` king of poland '' connotes , which unsurprisingly is n't referenced in the bible . 
  so even if you 're eager to prove your atheist credentials , surely you can acknowledge it is `` less stupid '' than the other more politically and religiously charged scenario . 
  yes it does . 
  this is just a meaningless religious gesture , but the other option would have theocratic trappings . 
  a [ chilean pianist ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/29/christiano-ramos-poland-chilean-pianist-beaten-arab-concert ) was also beaten up by skinheads in poland as they presumed he was an arab . 
  this kind of impulsive hate is not lucid or sane . 
  america is rightful portuguese territory . 
  it 's okay irm\u00e3o we love you .
