  i 'm keen for greeks & turks to offer their views . 
  no they 're not wearing a giant jesus hat , of course it 's not really a christian tradition / s, 
  you mean a roman holiday on that date . 
  it 's not `` christmas '' when it was an entirely different holiday with different traditions . 
  most christmas traditions have been added in the last millenia , well after rome . 
  new zealand here though . 
  look out for the white stars for aus :d i think britain has americanized a lot too . 
  most of the anglosphere is now pretty similar in terms of culture , but we 're closer to australia than any other country . 
  when the subject is wealth distribution , you ca n't really ignore economic terms . 
  you brought up wealth distribution , i would like to know why you think it would be beneficial in the case of the refugee crisis . 
  what are your theories on wealth redistribution to unskilled migrants who have n't worked nor have integrated into european society ? 
  i believe sweden and the netherlands have spent millions of euros/krona on integration methods from their tax payer bases , and the results have been poor . 
  sure , but you appear to be defending her advice when it had no merit . 
  it was simply better to apologize for the police 's incompetence in the situation than to offer what amounts to nothing more than victim blaming . 
  thanks for letting us know you 're a communist . 
  not suprising tbh . 
  i just wanted the greek letters put in your list . 
  russia is more european than turkey . 
  geographically and culturally . 
  also ** \u03ba\u03b1\u03bb\u03ac \u03a7\u03c1\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03bf\u03cd\u03b3\u03b5\u03bd\u03bd\u03b1 ** for the greek orthodox church, 
  it was n't really clear since nato had n't been founded at the time . 
  can you give an example ? 
  when has a nato member ever been invaded ? 
  again ukraine and georgia were not nato members . 
  why do you think france is unstable ? 
  france has never threatened to launch their nuclear weapons on anyone , and their military is a hugely important part of nato . 
  i personally think the fewer nations with nuclear weapons , the better . 
  mad means little if half of europe was nuclear armed . 
  again though , neither of those were nato members . 
  the moment russia sends `` little green men '' to talinn , riga or gdansk from kaliningrad , putin knows he will be beginning a war he can not win . 
  i have to agree with ireland , putin knows that he can not risk war with a nato member , despite whatever imperial ambitions he may have . 
  is n't scotland officially a country within the united kingdom , whereas catalonia is designated as an autonomous region . 
  it 's their reputation in ww2 . 
  same as the stereotypes still holding for france , despite being one of the worlds best militaries currently and possibly the best military in history . 
  it 's so interesting that nobody in britain seems to have heard of the sketch , despite it being british actors and a british production . 
  what ? 
  it 's still true in the southern hemisphere . 
  you people even kiss each other on the cheek though . 
  that 's friendlier than any anglo custom i 'm aware of . 
  i never realized america was so poor . 
  are you venezuelan yourself ? 
  people in the west just can never have the perspective of developing countries . 
  even if you visit as a tourist you ca n't get the same perspective ; you do n't have to deal with the corruption or serious crime when you 're staying in a hotel and taking photos through a rsmartphone tinted lens . 
  it really takes living as a local , and living without the luxuries we take for granted to realize how difficult it is in countries where corruption , crime and half baked economics is rife . 
  it 's so predictable but i love it all the same . 
  the joke is still understandable though . 
  it implies the other date exists . . 
  true , but it 's the side that you tell the cop you were on when you bribe him . 
  outside of europe most of the commonwealth ( india , nz , hong kong , singapore , australia ) does too . 
  also in japan , which is why we can import their second hand cars cheaply . 
  they 're called venetian blinds in english . 
  very common over here . 
  you 're talking to a troll lad . 
  it 's easy to understand but i personally do n't see what purpose it serves . 
  we already have months as a means of dividing weeks . 
  if i wanted to specify something was in week 26 , i would say x day the last week of june . 
  it 's the same reason we do n't count milliseconds , it 's just unnecessary specificity . 
  like angelski dust, 
  the uk minimum wage is three times higher than that of poland 's already . 
  the only way to introduce such a measure requires the former eastern bloc to be at a much higher level of fiscal parity . 
  yes if we could see financial parity across the eu already , the numbers of poles and romanians working in other european countries would be miniscule . 
  unless you can earn far more or loved the culture of another country , why would you move elsewhere ? 
  that 's to do with the history surrounding them as well as them being a racial group as well as a religious group . 
  in a state wide referendum , the likelihood of that occuring would be zero . 
  i agree there has to be a required voter turnout , but i do n't think anything within the percentage range of 30-40 % is unrepresentative . 
  that 's a third of eligible voters . 
  for all the derision america gets , it has often led the way on social issues . 
  it 's a diverse country with theocratic conservatives in texas to marxist left wing types in portland and everything in between . 
  the feminist movement , the modern gay rights movement and many other social movements were birthed in the us . 
  if we 're being honest , america when taken as a whole , is really one of the worlds more progressive countries . 
  it 's the majority of those who voted though . 
  that 's what matters in a ballot , regardless of the turnout . 
  agreed sverige , but the comparison to cannibalism is a little extreme . 
  which in itself is an absolute . 
  i 'm not saying they should bow down ; i 'm just making the point that i did : greece is still more influential than fyrom . 
  the naming dispute is ridiculous because it 's fyrom 's decision to pretend to have a history and culture that they do n't . 
  if greece was pretending they were slavic then i would be defending fyrom . 
  will you be working for a foreign company then ? 
  how nice of you to know my intentions and draw the conclusions you drew . 
  much easier to make a character attack that way . 
  153 people are nothing in comparison to hundreds and thousands of migrants and refugees . 
  it 's likely that if the eu was to create a massive sized refugee camp , they would need to purchase privately owned land anyways . 
  it does n't have to be an island . 
  what it has to be is a world class refugee centre , where movement is confined to within the camp . 
  are the refugee centres in jordan , turkey and lebanon considered prisons to you ? 
  i only suggested the island because it stops any refugees from wandering around schengen and is easier to set up security measures that way . 
  additionally the island in suggestion was closer to where the bulk of refugees were arriving . 
  since most arrive on the shore they would be easily fed and shipped to the refugee centre that way . 
  refugees should not be allowed to leave their camp until they are processed and granted asylum . 
  it 's how it works in every other refugee camp on earth . 
  if the refugees are given shelter , food , education and all other services that befits their situation , why should they riot ? 
  if you think they are all should be allowed to wander around europe without any asylum and potentially die of starvation or have to resort to crime to meet their needs then i do n't believe your solution is any more humane than mine . 
  i can see how you draw the island = prison solution if that 's your reasoning though , if you believe they 're all entitled to the same benefits as european citizens . 
  oh that 's interesting , i would have thought wages for most jobs were higher in italy . 
  do you speak any polish ? 
  they still have more clout than fyrom, 
  i 'm genuinely curious as to why . 
  the wages are so much worse than elsewhere in the eu , and the culture is quite different to italian culture . 
  i think all the mediterranean countries have good food . 
  you two might be the best , but there 's no trouble finding good food in greece , portugal or spain either .
