  and these would be outside eu law , giving the eu a loophole to ignore the human rights violations . 
  i mean it 's horrible , but it 's exactly what australia are doing . 
  i believe a few certain countries tried to do just that in iraq and afghanistan . 
  so surely both of these countries would n't have major refugee populations . 
  but they do . 
  his policy has been summed up as `` stop the boats '' , and that none will be allowed into the country . 
  i do n't see how you could make a policy any clearer . 
  of course there are still migrant vessels trying to reach australia , but the number has declined . 
  perhaps the people traffickers who sell them the lie that they 'll be happily accepted into australia . 
  have you considered taking malta instead ? 
  it would probably be easier . 
  well drunkards usually get on pretty well . 
  the problems arise when everyone is sober . 
  the uk 's financial situation is much better than greece . 
  i mean they 're the world 's fifth largest economy - it 's a bit of a step up . 
  i thought fermented piss was a danish delicacy . 
  is it only because it lacks the delicious fermented flavour due to the substance being frozen ? 
  in what way ? 
  i think the lack of immigration checks is a major issue . 
  i ca n't take that phrase seriously, 
  i do n't think you understand that racism comes from a position of power and privilege . 
  clearly the old australian man held neo imperialist views and the poc could n't help but releasing their emotions on him . 
  it 's a natural reaction to his bigoted views and acceptable imo . 
  what ethnic group are you from ? 
  that 's disgusting . 
  to think that you ca n't even feel welcome in your own country is just mind boggling . 
  what suburb was this ? 
  i thought copenhagen was regarded as a safe city . 
  i agree deutschland . 
  god truly is a dogmatic geometrist . 
  if every major news outlet still reports them , then clearly they have some relevance . 
  i 'm sure killing the nun would set an even better example to your child . 
  i find you interesting danske . 
  copenhagen 's near the top of my `` cities to visit '' list . 
  you should live true to your username !, 
  you are the most interesting to me . 
  to be fair a lot of people know little about the baltic countries except that they were soviet republics . 
  unfortunately i 'm one of them , though i would love to visit one day . 
  quiet now , you were nearly part of us . 
  both values originated in europe and exist in a majority of european states , i fail to see how they are n't european values . 
  gulf states include qatar , iran saudi arabia and bahrain . 
  all have terrible human rights records , particularly in regards to freedom of religion and speech , as well as rights for minorities and women . 
  i know that jordan and lebanon are comparatively liberal compared to their neighbours ( as is the uae somewhat for a gulf state ) , but the majority of gulf states are not . 
  this is because they 're mostly based on islamic systems of governance , placing the values of a single religion over that of a secular government . 
  i do n't know how you can characterize these as contemporary . 
  i 'm aware that change wo n't come by decrying the evils of each states ( such as using migrant workers effectively as slaves in qatar ) and judging them does other than make us feel better about ourselves , but neither does change come from believing that their values are somehow better than ours . 
  they simply are n't and clash with the modern humanitarian values that europeans hold . 
  i applaud those in the gulf states fighting for greater human rights , as they 're people who recognize that there are problems with the current system and sacrificing a lot to do so . 
  but i just abhor cultural relativism , we should be proud of the values we have , because despite all the nonsense of racism and colonialism , european values have proved superior to theocracies that show little compassion for their fellow man . 
  are you saying that by virtue of their language , british culture is superior to french culture ? 
  haha `` differently forwarded '' . 
  i understand the need for creating a tolerant community , but suggesting that the european values of democracy and freedom of speech , religion , and assembly are somehow equal to that of the medieval gulf states is preposterous . 
  leave it to a swede to get rid of denmark, 
  oh they invest alright , but it 's for their benefit only . 
  your fellow comrade 's in moscow have a pretty poor birthrate too at the moment, 
  we 're red white and blue too . 
  i 'm a little concerned what will happen if russia 's invited to the party , though maybe he 'll invite himself ... 
  argh my keyboard , i thought i typed that . 
  without the right accent it 's just `` and '' right ? 
  those are reserved for the army, 
  at least they have your eternal support, 
  i know there 's a lot of people doing this trend today but i thought i would join in . 
  there were a few oddly specific results in one or two countries . 
  i agree to a point . 
  parties like jobbik in hungary would definitely hold social views comparable to some muslims , but not sd in sweden which still advocate a welfare state , lgbt rights etc. 
  the anti immigration parties that are the most conservative come from already conservative countries . 
  after all the left/right divide and the entire political spectrum is a relative thing . 
  but yes , i do agree with your conclusion that the growth of the far right is generally centred around a one-issue vote . 
  i just think saying they 're comparable to a sharia regime like saudi arabia is total hyperoble . 
  oh come on , this is a ridiculous strawman and cheap caricature of what this sub represents . 
  most people here are for gay marriage , and are liberal when it comes to personal freedoms . 
  abortion is more contentious but in most threads the pro-choice voices get more support . 
  the only right wing position that gets any broad support here is being anti-immigration and anti-islam , due to the poor state of the muslim and immigrant communities in western europe . 
  much as i dislike the rhetoric of some of the turkish posters here , you 're deliberately misconstruing what he said . 
  i do know that some historians qualify the ethnic cleansing of pontic and assyrian christians as a genocide as well , but the poster above did acknowledge that it was ethnic cleansing . 
  what about the republic of czechiaslovakia, 
  [ we 're pretty kawaii ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kz7af#qood15j ), 
  fuck a you . 
  uk number one . 
  america is part of britain !!!, 
  our natives managed to subjugate and eat out of extinction our [ giant land birds that were bigger than emus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moa ) new zealand : 1 australia : 0 . 
  all good mate , but banjo would only ever be used as the nickname of a town 's local banjo player . 
  it 's not really a name over here . 
  does n't this illustrate the same issue with most eu wide spending on nearly any issue ? 
  western europe spends disproportionately more than central or eastern europe as they have larger economies . 
  i agree piotr . 
  we need british defence , not american defence , 
  he means for it to be legally recognized by all other countries as israeli territory . 
  it is de facto conquered but it not de jure conquered . 
  yes mighty turkiye could have easily taken those british military bases with no consequences . 
  jesus you 're delusional . 
  taking the north was only possible in amidst the massive political crisis on the island . 
  no it 's not , given the reason why they were moved there . 
  turks have always been a small minority in cyprus . 
  in order to attempt to give legitimacy to their new puppet state , the turkish government supported moving turkish citizens to settle in northern cyprus . 
  the aim was not an open immigration policy , it was colonization . 
  the cypriot government has no preferential immigration policy towards greeks to increase their numbers . 
  they have a fair immigration policy on their terms like every other western democracy . 
  i was going to list some of my favourite biscuits which i thought were british , but it turns out they 're australasian adaptations of british baking . 
  the belgian biscuit is a better take on the `` empire biscuit '' and the lamington is our own coconut dusted chocolate sponge .
