  i think the eu has been a godsend for eastern europe but i do n't really think it 's fair to attribute it as a significant factor in terms of assuring peace and stability post soviet collapse , and i certainly do n't think it played a major role in the collapse of the soviet union . 
  no warsaw pact states had joined the eu in the 90s , during the turbulent period of readjustment , even if they were negotiating with the eu . 
  the eu had no particular assertive power when it came to casualties of the collapse of the existing order as in the former yugoslavia . 
  do you think it perhaps the relatively peaceful period had more to do with the collapse of the soviet union - the major power that threatened the western order , than it did with the expansion of the eu ? 
  i think most modern brits are more measured when discussing the empire , realizing that it did both good but as in ireland 's case , it did a lot of harm . 
  there are certainly countries that benefited from it though , and to pretend that it did no good is as foolish as pretending it was some benevolent civilizing force . 
  we would n't exist without the empire , and the institutions the british built helped make us into a highly liveable country . 
  synchronized queuing should be a sport . 
  here 's a simple thing for you to understand . 
  you ca n't deport citizens of a country , even if they hold differing political positions and are `` assholes '' . 
  you can deport people who have no legal right to be in a country , and are willingly abusing the goodwill of europeans . 
  yes one placed a call , the other did n't . 
  both were happy to bomb civilians in another country to achieve their own goals, 
  i bet they all murder tourists with their ski poles and dump the bodies in glaciers . 
  `` globalisation is all about wealth . 
  it knows the price of everything and the value of nothing . 
  without borders the world will become -- is visibly becoming -- a howling desert of traffic fumes , plastic and concrete , where nowhere is home and the only language is money . '', 
  - peter hitchens . 
  they have every right to send ships to their own territory . 
  there 's a navy base in gibraltar , it 's not like this is some unprecedented move . 
  probably the biggest cause for downplaying the eastern front in general is the cold war . 
  if the soviets had stayed allies and had n't attempted to be rival imperialists with the us then they would probably would have been remembered well . 
  there 's outrage towards these specifically because following the `` liberation '' , there was occupation . 
  the americans/brits gave most of their territories a greater degree of self rule , but the soviets did n't . 
  i would n't be surprised but i do n't think you 're right . 
  it seems they 're imams from top sunni mosques that are leading this , as well as ahmadis, 
  i believe they 're called hamcheeses, 
  you 've outdone yourself on this one, 
  when did you guys start making wine ? 
  i did n't think you had the climate for it . 
  i think it 's the styles of cheese too . 
  british and dutch cheese varieties are generally more solid . 
  the french have more soft cheese varieties, 
  i agree but they gain their legitimacy from holding their territory . 
  they may not be a legitimate state but they do hold substantial territory . 
  if they 're forced to relocate to the mountains of afghanistan or somalia they 'll have fewer people willing to die for them . 
  hello my name is michael but i have named myself mehmet osman turku . 
  i feel the turk flowing in my blood . 
  every day i buy kebab at the shopping mall and recite the writings of attaturk . 
  my phone is loaded up with turkish pop music , and i get drunk on raki every friday night . 
  i have never been to turkey or have met a turk but please accept me as one of your own . 
  the spanish royal family are ethnically french though, 
  rocking the chaplin moustache, 
  but there is/was overarching eu law that guaranteed the rights and regulations for free movement within the eu . 
  the shared legal systems between the commonwealth dominions would make the terms of any future treaty easier to legislate . 
  i was also considering if we were to eventually adopt a overarching legal and political framework for our countries , like the eu, 
  [ nope , and there 's no limit on the numbers as well . 
  every other agreement we have is reciprocal ] ( https://www.immigration.govt.nz/new-zealand-visas/apply-for-a-visa/about-visa/united-states-of-america-working-holiday-visa?_ga=1.52487592.1883109125.1468800322 ), 
  the us is the odd one out in this arrangement . 
  the political system and population size makes it too difficult to have true freedom of movement . 
  i would be all for some sort of visa relaxations though . 
  currently american 's can get in on new zealand 's working holiday scheme , but it 's not reciprocal for new zealanders :(, 
  yes , it 's called military invasion, 
  a seaside garden sounds very pleasant, 
  more like quoting from ayn rand, 
  from russia with leave, 
  boris will give him a bicycle instead . 
  anyone quoting leviticus who is n't wearing a kippah is a moron . 
  the laws were written only for jews under the `` old covenant '' . 
  the `` new covenant '' accepted by every major christian branch , essentially abolishes those laws providing one believes in christ . 
  coptic christians run my local kebab house . 
  mena is n't defined by islam, 
  that 's definitely true in the balkans , but most muslims in western europe belong to a non-native ethnic group so it 's pretty easy to notice . 
  e.g turks in germany , pakistanis in the uk , berbers in france, 
  the brit rage against pole 's often is ill founded , but the problem was the quantity that came . 
  it was hundreds of thousands more than the government expected , since only a handful of eu countries would accept them at the time . 
  i do n't think you can call christianity european since there are numerous denominations around the world in china , africa and latin america as well , but roman catholicism , anglicanism , lutheranism and the largest branches are all european . 
  what about the states that resisted imperialism ? 
  was nationalism in greece that motivated them to fight to free their country from the ottomans bad ? 
  or was nationalism in finland which helped them fend off the soviet union in the winter war bad ? 
  every independence war has been motivated by nationalism . 
  i do n't think they were all bad . 
  the inequal balance of ethnicities and between the states in yugoslavia is the same reason federal europe will fail . 
  germany , italy and france are disproportionately more populous than the other states . 
  others will feel marginalized as laws begin to favour them , and so will cling to their own identity to counter the more powerful states . 
  free movement is a pillar of single market access , which is different to trade . 
  the single market is free movement of goods , services and people between states with zero fianancial or legal barriers towards doing so . 
  it 's as easy as moving things domestically . 
  the uk will trade with the eu after brexit , but they will lose the single market access . 
  that means they will be on the same footing as any other country outside the eu/eea and so will have to pay tariffs when trading with them . 
  right i do n't think anyone is arguing the uk will scrap visa free tourist access for any european country . 
  we have visa free access as does every other western country to the uk . 
  visa free access for tourism is completely different to employment access , where a visa will be required . 
  to think romania holds any leverage here is a little naive , since every other western country has visa free access to the uk as well . 
  employment is also significantly more regulated in other parts of europe than it is in the uk . 
  france requires far more paperwork to be a bricklayer than the uk does . 
  why do you think all the people are waiting at calais ? 
  because it 's easier to work illegally in the uk . 
  but the working classes can just work for a cheaper wage in pola ... oh right , it does n't work both ways does it ? 
  a lot of people , especially those in the lower classes can not simply pack up their things and leave . 
  they do n't have the money for relocation and they may already have ties and constraints weighing them down e.g children . 
  free movement has n't been taken advantage of by most rural and poorer europeans either . 
  it 's no different in the uk . 
  one benefit is that with more high profile crimes , people are able to donate gifts and money to the victims . 
  i really do n't think it 's bigotry at factor . 
  perhaps myopia but not really bigotry . 
  if new zealand ever was to join a huge political project , then it would only ever be with the rest of the anglosphere which are still all predominantly ethnically european and culturally similar . 
  it 's just change does n't come without some motivating factor . 
  we are already incredibly strong allies and participate in security projects like five eyes together . 
  the status quo is working at the moment , so most people assume there 's no need to change .
