  what show is this ? 
  i thought france was alright, 
  no external country will take them . 
  the greeks can not send the ships back since they overlap with turkish waters . 
  on the italian route , the eu punishes the italians if the boats are returned to libya . 
  once these people are in the eu , they 're staying there . 
  the only similar solution would be creating a refugee processing centre on a remote and sparsely populated european island , like [ pantellaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pantelleria ) . 
  refugees would be housed , fed and educated until their countries are deemed safe enough to return to . 
  when economic migrants realize they will never be able to freely move to germany , they will simply stop coming and genuine refugees will be grateful for having somewhere safe to stay . 
  it would require the new [ european border service ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_border_and_coast_guard ) to collectively meet the challenge , and for the eu collectively to fund processing and border security . 
  it would meet huge opposition from italy who would be ceding one of their islands to brussels , as well as sweden and others objecting from a human rights perspective . 
  it also would require the dublin treaty to be torn up , and schengen to be reformed . 
  oh come on , you can be skeptical of whether greek politicians can effectively run a country but there 's no doubt that they can house historical artefacts . 
  they have thousands of other treasures from their past that they 're already holding in the acropolis museum and elsewhere . 
  here 's to another 630 years, 
  well if it sells ... 
  napoleon was actually from a hugenot family and born in britain [ 100 % reliable source ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/64cfck/marine_le_pen_rally_in_corsica_descends_into/dg1qsci/ ), 
  abortion is legal in south africa as is gay marriage . 
  even if the `` baby killers '' line was dismissive , you painting all of africa as some retrograde hellhole is quite condescending . 
  i 'm fairly sure that was the joke, 
  national identity is n't about what 's pragmatic . 
  so are you going to suddenly give up your territories in the caribbean ? 
  after all they 're just `` fucking colonialism '' . 
  yes i 'm sure nuking spain wo n't make you an international pariah . 
  i do hope you realise the uk using its nuclear arsenal is infinitely less likely than the spanish invading gibraltar , regardless of the circumstances . 
  military dickwaving is the most pathetic display of nationalism . 
  come home farmer man . 
  with our deviancy combined , walezelandia will triumph . 
  we are the 1 %, 
  the three core pillars of british society, 
  bravo portugal !, 
  no he 's just faxing a few extra copies for your records . 
  danke for that metaphor . 
  i can see boris cycling happily along oblivious on the right lane alone , while all the cars pass him by tooting their horns and swearing at him from the window . 
  `` i do n't understand these germans . 
  it 's a perfectly efficient means of transport . '', 
  probably , but it 's appealing because cypriots have a very high profiency in english as due to the colonial status , it used to be an official language . 
  malta is another example . 
  are new zealanders welcome in portugal ? 
  from reports i 've read , they said that the transition period in the 90s was hellish in russia . 
  if it 's not too much , could you describe your experiences in russia during that time period ? 
  i started drinking port this year and i love it , but unfortunately it 's expensive in new zealand . 
  a bottle of noval sets you back 26 euros . 
  ah yes , the other two regions of britain , 
  oh , my observations were n't really related to the hypothetical as to wherever rome continued , but rather what actually occurred when they first arrived in europe . 
  as to the failure of their later campaigns , i agree that europeans were n't prepared for mongol military tactics during their first campaign , but also the mongols had poorer leadership and were more factionalized in later decades when they re-attempted invasion . 
  i agree though that the element of surprise was important , especially when europe was at one of its weakest periods . 
  the same thing happened during the islamic conquests after the byzantines and persians had been exhausted from decades of warfare , but unfortunately in that instance , there was no return to mecca for re-electing the caliph . 
  after \u00d6gedei 's death , the mongols were plagued with poor leaders though . 
  the reason they turned back in 1241 was for the election of a khan . 
  had \u00d6gedei never died , they likely would have made further inroads into europe . 
  they had n't lost any battles during their first central european campaign . 
  in fairness , ip in the latin script is fairly glaring in the sea of unintelligible hellenian, 
  his point is true that the ottoman empire is more reviled than the british one though . 
  the british empire is mostly liked in the territories they transplanted british people to , but still ... 
  what did we do :(, 
  spain has more of an anticlerical history than portugal though . 
  are you facing some kind of pressure in italy as an atheist ? 
  as a lusophile this is a beautiful sight . 
  because it 's a beautiful language, 
  why is nobody learning portuguese :(, 
  stupid sexy french people ... 
  literally hibernian privilege . 
  where 's my st andrews day so i can get shitfaced in a kilt ? 
  he was very rude . 
  on my visit you were all incredibly helpful , provided i made the effort to try speaking french . 
  you 're fortunate to live in the most beautiful city on earth . 
  well , he was right when he said they 're turning the frogs gay . 
  i mean do you really believe most french men are straight nowadays ? 
  i have my doubts . 
  i wish i found this place when i was there . 
  i was amazed though walking around les halles and wandered by chance into st eustache . 
  i had n't even heard of the church , and it blew me away . 
  notre dame was amazing , but the experience was lessened by having to shuffle slowly along with all the other tourists . 
  i arrived in st eustache in the middle of a mass with hardly any other tourists in sight . 
  it was a far more special place to visit . 
  god i love paris so much . 
  oh god , did i just piss all over the local shrine ? 
  no wonder the earth hates us . 
  thank you for your service : _ :7, 
  yes our `` thatcherism '' or neoliberalism was coined `` rogernomics '' here after labour 's finance minister roger douglas . 
  i 'm impressed that a romanian knows so much about our politics though . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't return the favour , apart from surface details of ceau\u0219escu . 
  honestly the only truly awful politician in the anglosphere is donald trump . 
  however you might feel about brexit , at least the tories are competent politicians . 
  the liberal party in australia which turnbull heads is a centre-right party and canada has trudeau now . 
  meanwhile new zealand has probably the most moderate right leaning party in the anglosphere . 
  harper and abbot are both out of government . 
  no it does n't , the point is that the origin is largely irrelevant once the phrase becomes ubiquitous . 
  i mean it 's an expression used in english , regardless of its origin . 
  europe is far more ethnocentric than the new world , but the notion that there can be no integration simply is n't true . 
  as other dutch commentators have pointed out , the eurasian indo-dutch minority have integrated incredibly well , despite not being as tall and blonde as the locals . 
  brits , french and other european expats have all integrated over time . 
  the dutch simply want immigrants to value being a part of their society . 
  there can be no integration if immigrants or their descendants value their former ethnic homeland more than the state that they 're privileged to live in . 
  terrorists are designated as non white nazis in the erdogan book of diplomatic hyperbole . 
  i support this nedersraum, 
  yes , because it makes the meat less tender and flavoursome . 
  anything past medium amounts to overcooking the meat . 
  i would never berate someone for eating it , but every chef will secretly look at you with disgust when asked to prepare it well done .
