  no it did n't . 
  third world immigration provided cheap labour for factories for a few decades before the west began de-industrializing . 
  how can you even claim such a tiny percentage of the population ( then , and even now ) imported for unskilled labour rebuilt a whole continent . 
  the difference was farage never wanted to accomplish change at the pan european level . 
  he only wanted britain to get out and solve the problem themselves . 
  macron is proposing a joint eu approach to solving the problem . 
  honestly , it sounds like the only solution for a chef like him would be to start his own restaurant in poland . 
  [ yes , the telegraph supported leaving in an editorial published on the day of the vote . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/2016/06/20/vote-leave-to-benefit-from-a-world-of-opportunity/ ), 
  please stay safe portugal, 
  thanks , i 've seen the images of the inside before . 
  the chair of st peter is one of the most gorgeous things mankind has ever produced . 
  whenever i do make it to italy , i 'm going to need weeks in rome alone . 
  there 's so much history there it 's just mind boggling . 
  the best i 've ever seen was his coverage of fifa , as i had never known how corrupt they were . 
  when it 's a non partisan issue , he can cover it without slipping into bias . 
  his episode on the refugee crisis is terrible though ; few facts and a lot of moralizing . 
  i 've thought about maybe going undercover in a niqab . 
  the downside would being stoned to death if they discover you , but it would be quite the adventure . 
  not quite the entirety of medina though , only the area of the most important mosques . 
  mecca is entirely off limits though , as you say irm\u00e3o . 
  i have to admit it does irk me a little whenever i have to pay to visit a church . 
  st pauls in london is the same . 
  i realize they cost millions to maintain , but still ... well , at least the services are free . 
  do you need to go on a tour to get to that viewpoint ? 
  i never thought you would have access to an area like that . 
  well the peasants are dead , but the cathedrals remain . 
  i think this proves that the church was thinking long term / s, 
  prometheisis, 
  if you 're going to participate here then get some flair . 
  it 's pretty telling a whole bunch of them lack flags as well . 
  most likely visitors from / r/all or / r/atheism . 
  a horror film about a headless mermaid somewhere in the mariana trench would do wonders at the box office . 
  [ have you seen the movie copenhagen ? 
  ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2459156/ ) they went round quite a few of the tourist sites in the film . 
  it made me want to visit your city . 
  i wonder how you explain having to show people these photos if they 're not familiar with belgium . 
  looks like sackboy from littlebigplanet, 
  probably since it first emerged out of international trade agreements with various different nations . 
  yoghurt is a euphemism for ejaculate . 
  the european ford division is autonomous from the american one though . 
  american 's still get rich , but the european models are designed and made in europe . 
  * linux powers essentially the entire internet * yes , as a terminal based server os . 
  not one that anyone other than web developers and it administrators interact with . 
  there are certain professions in which linux is simply impossible to work with . 
  as someone who does some graphic design work , even windows is a less desirable operating system than osx . 
  linux , with its non existent creative suite support , ca n't even be considered . 
  nuh uh , it 's our turn next . 
  we can just sneak in as the australian delegation anyways . 
  we 're repping common law over here too . 
  we would have added another nice touch of red on the map . 
  but the eu has its own foreign policy - it 's simply not the same as nafta or asean or any other trade organization . 
  you can see that in its role mediating during the ukraine conflict . 
  the balkans were right on the doorstep of greece and italy , who had to deal with the weight of a refugee crisis coming from non member states while the eu negotiations did very little to help mediate the conflict . 
  it all actually sounds a bit familiar to recent events come to think of it ... 
  theoretically you 're right , but social attitudes take a long time to change . 
  i think it was in the 90s that the british press became most anti eu as it had taken on a new importance , and so any news about the eu was largely negative . 
  there was also a big debate in the britain about whether to join the single currency , which was dealt a big blow when black wednesday happened . 
  then there was the eastern block members joining in 2004 . 
  all of this contributed to any further moves to making the eu more cohesive as `` brussels beaurocracy '' etc. 
  essentially the british public had little awareness of what the eec did while they were members , and when it enlarged most of the news was negative . 
  you can blame the british press to a large degree , but had you surveyed the public even before the media backlash , most of them would n't have wanted ever closer union . 
  meu deus it 's like another alc\u00e1cer !, 
  i am well aware that none of the ex yugoslavian countries were members of the eu . 
  none of them were in nato either , but the latter organization played a much more instrumental role in ending the conflicts . 
  right , but although `` ever closer union '' and eventual transformation was always a goal of the eec , britain joined prior to maastricht , when the idea of european federalism seemed a lot less tangible . 
  what precisely was the eu 's role during the balkan wars ? 
  as far as i know , there was no collective agreement amongst member states as how to handle the crisis , and any attempts at resolving the crisis diplomatically completely fell apart , leaving nato to pick up the pieces and intervene . 
  so when are the romans coming to invade britain ? 
  after all it happened in the past so surely it can happen again ... you can draw certain historical parallels , but the idea of the pope calling a crusade in the modern era is moronic . 
  meanwhile muslim political and religious leaders calling for jihad is sadly not unheard of . 
  i was n't aware of the scale of their party infighting . 
  these two are the reason we ca n't have enosis, 
  why is marion opening a bottle of champagne ? 
  i know there was something of a political split with her aunt , but surely she wants her in the \u00c9lys\u00e9e over macron ? 
  yes , unfortunately the times is very strict about their paywalls . 
  i 've posted the full article above . 
  have an upvote anyways , 
  i 've posted it above . 
  i do n't agree entirely with his conclusions , but i enjoy most of his commentary , and i think it bears reading . 
   ** continued **  at some stage it began to seem possible that what had been called `` the last utopia '' -- the first universal system that divorced the rights of man from the say of gods or tyrants -- might comprise a final failed european aspiration . 
  if that is indeed the case , then it leaves europeans in the 21st century without any unifying idea capable of ordering the present or approaching the future . 
   at any time the loss of all unifying stories about our past or ideas about what to do with our present or future would be a serious conundrum . 
  but during a time of momentous societal change and upheaval the results are proving fatal . 
  the world is coming into europe at precisely the moment that europe has lost sight of what it is . 
  and while the movement of millions of people from other cultures into a strong and assertive culture might have worked , the movement of millions of people into a guilty , jaded and dying culture can not . 
   even now europe 's leaders talk of an invigorated effort to incorporate the millions of new arrivals . 
  these efforts too will fail . 
  if europe is going to become a home for the world , it must search for a definition of itself that is wide enough to encompass the world . 
  this means that in the period before this aspiration collapses our values become so wide as to become meaninglessly shallow . 
   so whereas european identity in the past could be attributed to highly specific , not to mention philosophically and historically deep foundations ( the rule of law , the ethics derived from the continent 's history and philosophy ) , today the ethics and beliefs of europe -- indeed the identity and ideology of europe -- have become about `` respect '' , `` tolerance '' and ( most self-abnegating of all ) `` diversity '' . 
   such shallow self-definitions may get us through a few more years , but they have no chance at all of being able to call on the deeper loyalties that societies must be able to reach if they are going to survive for long . 
   this is just one reason why it is likely that our european culture , which has lasted all these centuries and shared with the world such heights of human achievement , will not survive . 
   as recent elections in austria and the rise of alternative for germany seem to prove , while the likelihood of cultural erosion remains irresistible , the options for cultural defence continue to be unacceptable . 
  even after the tumultuous years they have just had , the french electorate go to the polls next weekend to choose between more of a disastrous status quo or a member of the le pen family . 
   and all the time the flow into europe continues . 
  over the easter weekend alone european naval vessels collected more than 8,000 african migrants from the seas around italy and brought them into europe . 
  such a flow -- which used to be unusual -- is now routine , apparently unstoppable and also endless . 
   in the world of yesterday , published in 1942 , the austrian writer stefan zweig wrote that in the years leading up to the second world war , `` i felt that europe , in its state of derangement , had passed its own death sentence . '' only his timing was out . 
  it would take several more decades before that death sentence was carried out -- by ourselves on ourselves .
