  but a secular school is not the same as an explicitly atheist school . 
  it 's just irreligious . 
  walking around with a #atheist t-shirt would get you mocked more than wearing a beard . 
  it 's like if i wore a giant `` jesus loves you '' t-shirt , it 's not exactly inconspicuous . 
  shall not be infringed, 
  they have reputable journalists working for them , okay !, 
  under the current eu guidelines he would be considered a refugee . 
  thousands have been exploiting the system instead of registering in the country they arrive in , but they 're still considered `` refugees '' . 
  this is not true . 
  thousands of priests were held at dachau . 
  to suggest that he had support of the christian establishment is not accurate . 
  many spoke out and were punished for it . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  it is doner at the kebab shops here . 
  in turkey do they sell the shish kebabs prepared similarly to doner - on flatbread , sauce and salad ? 
  because if they do i 'm sure it would be equally delicious as souvlaki . 
  i just prefer the thicker and more tender meat . 
  edited . 
  with the projected population decline in germany , it will soon be the case though . 
  the meat is much thinner in a kebab though is n't it ? 
  over here the lamb used is much thicker in a souvlaki unlike the sliced meat in kebabs . 
  i 've had some delicious kebabs at a turkish restaurant here , but for takeaways in new zealand , the meat and sauce used in the souvlaki 's seems thicker and more tender . 
  to complicate things , falafel ( a non turkish or greek food ) is offered as well . 
  souvlaki here is just a delicious mediterranean mix of everything . 
  i was just making a joke but that 's interesting . 
  i suppose when family is involved in politics it makes difficult decisions even more difficult . 
  marion is a total qt though . 
  it seems les republicans are leading the opinion polls according to this . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017#hollande.e2.80.93sarkozy is fn making significant gains all that likely in light of lr leading opinion polls ? 
  so she talked to her father then ? 
  what past are you from in particular ? 
  you clearly glossed over the 1920s . 
  my sister in law is from the uk , and she 's in love with our souvlaki . 
  in the uk kebab chains are really common , but our soulaki/gyro 's are much better according to her . 
  germany seems to have the best kebab out of all european countries . 
  persian kebab is very nice though - at a restaurant it 's always much better quality than mehmet 's takeaway stall . 
  talk about a `` farewell gift '', 
  [ you were saying ? 
  ] ( http://thesocietypages.org/socimages/files/2015/03/15.png ), 
  because the eu parliament is representative , it will give turkey disproportionate clout and seats , as they would have the ~ ~ second largest ~ ~ count in the eu . 
  yes , but just because they 're better does n't mean they 're that much good . 
  it comes across as a reverse `` what-aboutism '' , that just because a country is relatively better than the worst nations on earth , it means they 're somehow great . 
  i love persian culture , history , cuisine , ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ women , but it does n't disregard the fact that the current theocracy has huge issues . 
  of course , i agree with you . 
  it 's mostly a historical and traditional legacy . 
  a new state starting with a king today would just be laughed at . 
  you need to be labelled president , hoard the nations wealth and live in a giant palace in order to be politically acceptable  the monarchy is entwined with british law and history , it would be quite difficult to scrap it , even if pro republican corbyn becomes prime minister . 
  their crown estates are still a huge portion of land in the uk that would need to be resolved . 
  the monarchy still owns many of the biggest parks in london for example , even though they 're open to the public . 
  britain just has the most prominent monarchy . 
  a lot of the uk is indifferent to it ... it seems americans gobble up news about the royal babies and royal weddings more than almost anyone . 
  yes but they need to resort to in vitro treatment with a male sperm donor to become pregnant . 
  via natural means it is impossible . 
  i do n't agree with capital punishment in any situation . 
  it was inevitable that it happened , but no he should have just been locked up . 
  really though , i know this all just banter , but having a `` republic '' is no more civilized than a constitutional monarchy . 
  when the monarch only takes a ceremonial role as head of state , there is very little difference between them . 
  he never implied that . 
  it 's just a fact that you have more fast food chains than anywhere else . 
  feminist debates and political correctness certainly exist in the uk . 
  that would be nice if it was universal . 
  in new zealand , the uk and everywhere else i 've travelled too it 's not the case . 
  it 's obviously a homophobic comic and it 's surprising that people would say it is n't , but his point that `` it would n't make sense '' is true as the context is about birth rates . 
  `` nation saving '' seems to imply that she 's talking about population replacement - which of course only heterosexual couples can achieve . 
  \\  chopping off rightful rulers heads is civilization, 
  a french torture method pioneered during the revolution . 
  at least greeks can drown their sorrows in souvlaki and ouzo . 
  sri lanka gets runner up . 
  they have some nasty nationalistic buddhist movements over there , though they 're less prevalent than in burma . 
  at least they helped you getting out of the iberian union . 
  people also use the term `` anglosphere '' meaning english speaking peoples of primarily british descent . 
  if britain did leave the eu and set about pursuing closer commonwealth ties , it would probably be seen as too little , too late . 
  they would really have to push it and offer real benefits ( perhaps some sort of free movement visa ) in order for it to be successful . 
  in new zealand trade between us fell massively when britain joined the eec , meaning we had to look for new markets and partners in the 70s . 
  now of course , being in the asia pacific region , our biggest trading partner is china . 
  maltese are loyal to the commonwealth , but i think you underestimate how important the eu is to them . 
  malta is quite dependent on the eu in its position - they do a lot of trade with italy and i do n't think it would be beneficial for them to leave . 
  it would be good to get a maltese 's opinion on the issue , but i doubt they would be anti eu . 
  any attempt to reform the british justice system is even more laughable than introducing the euro . 
  britain adopting civil law will never happen . 
  i can understand the parisians being fed up with english though . 
  when i was in paris i made an effort to speak a minimum of french and the locals were incredibly helpful . 
  for every tourist that makes an effort , there are hundreds of other brits and american who just do n't care and expect their language to be catered for in france . 
  i think that 's mostly just in spain , where you have retirees ( who see themselves as too old to even bother learning the language ) , and towns that are so full of other expats that they hardly ever see a spaniard . 
  and modern football too , but the chinese and greeks both have an ancient game similar to football . 
  and rugby and tennis + badminton and hockey etc, 
  because it 's american ? 
  the inventor was john pemberton , born in georgia usa . 
  but the best variety is the greek one, 
  sounds like a bicycle shop ... not exactly menacing . 
  no we are , 
  most poles in the uk are n't highly educated . 
  they 're mostly trade professionals . 
  most of the uk 's `` highly skilled '' immigrants are n't eastern european . 
  it 's why brits make the argument that eastern europeans get more out of the eu than brits do . 
  you mean serbia is gargamel, 
  they 're never getting in so long as they occupy cyprus . 
  at decent bakeries here baguettes are 17 nok, 
  that is insane for mcdonalds . 
  here that 's $ 30 nzd .
