  what 's interesting to me is how such a major demographic shift occurred within the space of six years , because the territory expanded . 
  `` france moved the lebanon-syrian border to the anti-lebanon mountains , east of the beqaa valley , territory which had historically belonged to the province of damascus for hundreds of years , and was far more attached to damascus than beirut by culture and influence . 
  this doubled the territory under the control of beirut , at the expense of what would become the state of syria . 
  as a consequence of this also , the demographics of lebanon were profoundly altered , as the added territory contained people who were predominantly muslim or druze : lebanese christians , of which the maronites were the largest subgrouping , now constituted barely more than 50 % of the population , while sunni muslims in lebanon saw their numbers increase eightfold , and the shi'ite muslims fourfold '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_lebanon#league_of_nations_mandate, 
  bitch please, 
  it may be terrible , but it 's a necessity considering their history . 
  i love lebanon and hope to visit one day soon . 
  phoenicians are a very attractive and hospitable people . 
  most lebanese diaspora here are christian and so integrated into society very well . 
  it was a majority christian country until only a few decades ago . 
  i know that the civil war did incredible damage to your country and that even now it 's a fragile peace . 
  before the civil war , beirut was the `` paris of the middle east '' . 
  i know that post ww1 like syria you were administered by france , and so the educated and tertiary system are still largely francophone . 
  israel and jordan are both pretty decent too . 
  roast lamb about a month ago . 
  i made quite a nice mint glaze to go with it . 
  polan number one !, 
  it 's not even relevant that it was , but both marx and many of the top bolsheviks were jewish . 
  i did n't realize `` i ca n't feel my face '' was about cocaine addiction . 
  is n't it ironic ? 
  if they 're from chicago definitely , but most would only remember it had some connection to ww2 . 
  the sun brings out the best in people, 
  where are you from ? 
  we 're obviously confused with australia , but i 've had people think we were next to england as well . 
  finland 's the capital of antarctica silly . 
  there are only a handful of unmistakable european countries for most foreigners . 
  britain , france , germany , russia , italy , swedenmarknavia and possibly spain just about covers the average persons geographic knowlege . 
  do they have alcoholic porridge now ? 
  but this is exactly how the far right get in . 
  if no other political party are willing to confront certain unpopular issues , then people will support them , even when they have hundreds of other terrible policies . 
  norway , denmark and your other nordic neighbours take a pragmatic approach to immigration now , but sweden continues to be oblivious to the very real problems it can cause . 
  a majority of brits are still christian ( 59.5 % according to the last census ) , even if they barely practice or believe in it . 
  it 's more a cultural thing , like in most european countries . 
  i much prefer the orange flag , considering it 's your national colour . 
  lol , i was suggesting you were a pole yourself . 
  is n't suez really the new gibraltar ? 
  because there has been `` dialogue '' over this issue . 
  the british government has repeatedly given the falklander 's a chance to determine their political status , and each time they 've voted to preserve the status quo . 
  the only people that want dialogue is the same country that invaded their homeland three decades ago . 
  why ca n't you have a proper left wing candidate that 's reasonable on military and foreign policy . 
  i like corbyn on social issues but cutting an already cut defense forces is ludicrous . 
  hilarious about his stances on northern ireland and the falklands , likely over britain 's `` imperialism '' despite the wishes of the public to remain tied to britain . 
  exclusively followed you mean , 
  yes , the churches that believe evolution and christianity are compatible , will usually follow [ theistic evolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theistic_evolution ) . 
  `` creationism '' is synonymous with young earth creationism ( earth is a few thousand years old ) and so is rightfully lambasted . 
  most of the other european countries that have national state funded churches are also quite irreligious . 
  denmark , norway , iceland etc. 
  well of course there were uprisings against the soviet 's . 
  the czech 's and many others tried doing the same without success . 
  however there were n't so many in west germany were there ? 
  of course britain would never make such terrible mistakes * cough * * singapore * * cough * ... 
  i 'm glad you and other posters are correcting the above posters ignorance . 
  i abhor the french `` surrender '' jokes as for anyone who has studied history , france has possibly the most impressive military history of any nation barring ww2 . 
  but to take it out on britain who were allies of the legitimate french government from the very beginning of the war , and who evacuated 100,000 french troops is ridiculous . 
  we 're family friends with a half nigerian british expat . 
  he talked about his father 's sadness at the little recognition nigerians and other african commonwealth forces got for their contributions , especially since his father was such an ardent royalist and anglophile . 
  guys please , these slap fights contribute nothing . 
  what 's the small area in italy that calls it `` cervisia '' ? 
  oh , you mean like a british summer , 
  i 've relatives in the uk who said the same thing during the last heatwave there . 
  the brick houses are designed to keep the heat in , not out . 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  i 've seen so many images of amsterdam in the snow that i assumed it was a regular thing . 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  yes i know the whole `` greek coffee '' thing is pretty farcical ( what next `` athenian delight '' ? ), 
  but i thought considering the language originates from long before the ottoman period and the writing system is different , that you would n't consider them all that similar . 
  i mean the languages are n't really mutually intelligible unlike turkish and azeri , because they evolved and originated from very different language groups . 
  here 's an article ( admittedly not from a great source ) i found googling the topic that has a list of loanwords that each language took from one another . 
  http://greece.greekreporter.com/2014/03/25/common-words-in-the-greek-and-turkish-language/ edit : and do n't read the comments section , dear god ... 
  honestly parts of australia are n't bad , especially in coastal regions where you get a nice sea breeze , but when temperatures routinely reach 40 degrees celcius in summer , it 's too hot for me . 
  tasmania has a similar climate to us i believe . 
  small parts of nsw and victoria are n't too bad for heat either . 
  i 'm fairly sure winters are better in new zealand than the netherlands , they definitely are in auckland . 
  most cities get snow at most once a year , if that ... in fact it hardly ever occurs in the north island cities . 
  the problem is that there 's a lot of older and poorly insulated houses that exacerbate the cold . 
  our winter 's are shittier ( many kiwis head over to australia for winter holiday or to the pacific islands ) , but our summer 's are definitely more tolerable . 
  these threads are the very definition of partisan . 
  unfortunately it 's just what happens because the issue is so contentious . 
  how france is similar to the uk - les rouge , blanc et bleu - incredibly arrogant inhabitants - both dominating european politics for much of their histories . 
  - both have celtic regions - both have large capital cities that the rest of the country despises . 
  - self centered with a sense of cultural superiority . 
  - both had large colonial conquests - as a result of colonialism , both have small island territories dotted around the world . 
  - both have large cultural outputs in literature , film and music . 
  - both are absolutely disgusted at learning foreign languages, 
  oh yes , how could i forget . 
  red is better than white for obvious reasons . 
  the red : symbolizes the hardy blood of our proud and mighty sheep . 
  the white : symbolizes the great ethnic diversity of australia . 
  is the language really all that similar though ? 
  turkish is an ural altaic language that uses an entirely different writing system to greek . 
  i agree there are a lot of similarities in the arts and cuisine , as well as the historical ties , but the ethnicity , language and religion seems quite different to me . 
  sorry , i think others have interpreted my comment as meaning the whole culture 's are n't comparable . 
  i was referring only to the religious aspect to the culture , which has nothing in common . 
  i agree with you that greece is probably the closest culture to turkish culture , but there are still noticeable differences . 
  he asked for an elaboration to his argument , i provided one . 
  really if you 're going to set the moral high ground so high that nobody can disagree with a poster unless they 're from the same country , then you 're not going to have any serious discussion at all . 
  it 's incredibly patronizing and entirely counterproductive . 
  are they really much more powerful ? 
  in their last conflict azerbaijan lost by a significant margin , hence why there still is the nagorno karabakh issue . 
  surely canada would be closer ?
