the people of londonderry would probably say the same . 
  everyone here has given a fairly balanced view except the english . 
  i do n't think they wanted to listen to daddy at the time , let alone now . 
  no thanks, 
  however because scotland will need to negotiate terms of eu entry there have been talks of putting border guards and passport controls on the border . 
  a lot of the northern english and southern scottish towns are very connected , so that would potentially be a major issue . 
  how about you polish fundies take your backwards ideas the fuck out of the eu . 
  this continent was first founded upon atheism and enlightenment ideals , not warfare , misery and divisions found within the realm of the church . 
  well some serbians are ... 
  in new zealand we call it `` invercargill '', 
  `` geordieville '', 
  i 'm well aware , but i 'm just stating the position they hold . 
  not at your age mate, 
  from what i understand , most creationists will divide evolution into `` macro '' and `` micro '' evolution . 
  they acknowledge change occuring , they just do n't want to believe they came from a less developed ancestor . 
  i 've seen quite a few gibraltarians posting here . 
  were you born there ? 
  how do you find living there ? 
  there are better ways to insult someone than calling them a `` choad '', 
  i 'm afraid `` as english as an apple pie '' is n't going to take on though . 
  because ultimately i do n't think the practice of male circumcision is damaging to a child , whereas female genital mutilation has great health risks involved and affects the physical and sexual health of a person to an infinitely greater degree . 
  that 's not being sexist , that 's just viewing what 's harmful and what is not . 
  if male circumcision was anywhere near as damaging as fgm , i would be wholly against it but it just is n't . 
  i do n't see any reason why any christian or non religious child should undergo it , but it 's incredibly important in the jewish faith and due to it being relatively harmless , i 'm not in favour of outlawing the practice . 
  female genital mutilation is more akin to cutting the head off the penis , than the foreskin . 
  it is much more painful and damaging to the child . 
  that 's right . 
  little brown things that grow in the ground . 
  surprisingly , if you clean the dirt off them and blast them at unlivable temperatures then they are seemingly edible . 
  i 'm rooting for the dutch . 
  they 're the europeans doing best at the moment . 
  in new zealand we have something called roast potatoes . 
  i 'm not sure if anyone else has heard of them . 
  your former colony across the atlantic has you beat i 'm afraid . 
  edit : oh god that looks disgusting . 
  the southern colonies still do . 
  i always thought it was an american thing for some reason though . 
  except the vast majority do n't vote . 
  actual support is usually lower than voter turnout , so those that do n't vote will complain and blame the eu as a scapegoat . 
  i 'm sorry as a dane you 're supposed to conform to our stereotype of a youthful left wing warrior of justice and not an old conservative cave man who 's destroying europe . 
  do n't pretend like the top 1 % do n't own most of the wealth in the eu, 
  what i do n't like about street view is that it 's a single company holding your data . 
  if we had a non profit like open street map doing it , and the average citizen photographing their country by panorama then there 's no down side to it . 
  the only reason google does it is for profit . 
  do n't forget the mermaids !, 
  at least new york and massachusetts would back it , do n't know about any other of the other states, 
  upvotes to the left . 
  personally i 'm against . 
  i 've got family in the uk who 're friends with quite a few scots , and their friends are all against it . 
  i think that there 's too much reliance on the south of england . 
  scotland contributes hugely to the economy , but is n't getting enough return at the moment . 
  there needs to be more investment in scottish cities and the north of england , since london is where almost all the money 's going . 
  i still think that the referendum will result in scotland staying in the uk , but it will be pretty close . 
  for all the national pride , i think most scots wo n't want a change . 
  however it 's pretty variable , if there 's some government scandal the week of the poll it would be enough for independance to get a majority vote . 
  yeah , it 's absolute tripe . 
  dae the x box one ( which were definitely all forced to buy ) is literally 1984 ? 
  i think the guy 's a / pol / troll , my guess is european union internet defense force , like the mythical jewish internet defense force . 
  as is every other issue a `` distraction '' from another one . 
  eventually you need to start actually addressing problems , instead of just labelling them . 
  i know venice had a succession movement but does much of northern italy have one as well ? 
  i support your opinion . 
  it 's not about being `` anti islam '' , it 's just a fact that muslim immigrants are harder to integrate , as they come from societies with widely different values to europeans . 
  there are peaceful muslims in europe who have integrated well , but a large number have n't so it 's a problem that does need to be acknowledged within that particular religious group . 
  well the british version is what we and australia have in common . 
  i do know the danish do a pork roast that is somewhat similar , but it 's the style of roast that i would consider to be a british dish . 
  over here roast lamb is probably considered the quintessential new zealand dish , but the gravy and vegetables ( barring perhaps kumara and yams ) are mostly standard british fare . 
  good british food is quintessential comfort food . 
  it 's by no means interesting but it serves its purpose of being a filling and hearty meal for the cold weather . 
  i pity those that have n't had a sunday roast before - though i know that germany and some other northern european countries do something similar . 
  i do n't know if that 's entirely true . 
  israel does n't want to be overrun by palestinians but israel already has a fairly sizeable muslim and ethnically palestinian/arab population . 
  it 's more for political and security reasons . 
  one - to prevent any terrorist attacks and two - to prevent palestinians entering israel and enforcing what israel believe to be their rightful territory . 
  israel 's wall between itself and the palestinian territories is very effective, 
  if you speak fluent spanish and french you could pick up portuguese pretty easily, 
  the islamic state of the ionian and lesbos ( isil ), 
  i think they have a soft drink tax there too . 
  it 's cheaper drinking wine than lemonade . 
  yeah it sucks , but its an active portuguese speaking forum so i still visit it occassionally . 
  that game is a never ending one though, 
  you could always try persuading her majesty 's government to institute the free movement between us . 
  i know you have it with ireland , and we have it with australia . 
  let 's invite the whole anglo family < 3, 
  2/10 too predictable . 
  the problem is , it seems only one feminist organization is actually brave enough to be tackling this . 
  i say bravo to femen . 
  some of their previous stunts have been questionable , but this was a time when an outrageous stunt was required . 
  * outside of a sporting match, 
  there 's the / luso / thread on 4chan 's international board . 
  i go on that sometimes to help me aprende seu lingua . 
  attractive women , inhospitable climate and good music . 
  it would eventually just merge into a two syllabled slur . 
  `` dyaba jaja man , boostin out de cracking tunes tonight . 
  comin straight from brixton , no limits tonight bruv !, 
  i thought the norwegian monarchy was quite popular ? 
  to clarify , hong kong island and the kowloon peninsula were ceded indefinitely to britain . 
  what was given in the 99 lease , was the new territories . 
  they make up the bulk of modern hong kongs territory as seen [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/acquisition_of_hong_kong.svg ) it should be noted that `` downtown hong kong '' is largely confined to within the areas that were ceded permanently to britain . 
  the city developed around victoria harbour , on the north face of hong kong island and the tip of kowloon .
