  levitical law was written solely for jews . 
  regarding the old testament quotes about homosexuality that 's less relevant than something like tattoos , as there is at least one passage in the new testament condemning homosexuality . 
  will be included in nato . 
  all commonwealth citizens can serve in the british armed forces as well . 
  we have a bigger eez for fishing though because we did n't lose a war to iceland . 
  i thought it was quite easy for brazilians to get a visa, 
  with reddit and social media being so heavily skewed by america , it 's inevitable we all get caught up in your election cycle . 
  * judaism or christianity ? 
  it 's fresh in coastal towns . 
  that 's why it 's better here than the uk , we have more coastline :d, 
  christianity 's role with figures such as william wilberforce is well known in helping end the atlantic slave trade as well . 
  as with most controversial issues , christianity has been used to argue for and against . 
  even in the gay marriage debate there were progressive christians citing jesus as a reason it should be allowed . 
  thanks for getting rid of that crap jorge . 
  the catholic church has always believed in just war and the right to self defence . 
  i see spaniards and other romance speakers using the term `` christianism '' . 
  is that what it 's called in spanish , because nobody uses that terminology in english, 
  why would you help attack one of your major allies in world war one at the time ? 
  i know the whole `` perfidious albion '' meme , but be realistic . 
  it 's fuelled by the self congratulatory people in stem like neil degrasse tyson and richard dawkins . 
  take a look at what they have to say about the humanities on their twitter feed . 
  it 's no surprise people in the stem fields get a negative influence when many leaders will deride any other field of learning . 
  here is the now non functional site https://call.brussels/, 
  a `` la roll '' , the hot new french cafe item . 
  much worse occurred in christian states than it did in muslim states , i do n't dispute that . 
  the ottomans were kinder to the jews than nearly any european empire . 
  however my point was it was never actually stipulated by the religion itself , unsurprisingly since jesus himself was a jew . 
  the israeli flag clearly triggered her . 
  have some sympathy for this poor lady realizing jews exist . 
  the majority opinion in the islamic community to be closer to that of the rest of society . 
  i do n't care how many are terrorists or condemn terrorism . 
  their views on women , other religions , homophobia , blasphemy and anti semitism needs confronting more than whether they say sorry on social media . 
  i 'm sure you were jumping to start a fight at the last public memorial you attended, 
  yet in buddhism , christianity and hinduism you do n't find taxation on minorities stipulated . 
  lets not forget ashgar bukhari in the uk , who accused zionists of creeping into his house and stealing his shoe http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/11673700/muslim-campaigner-zionists-crept-into-my-home-and-stole-my-shoe.html, 
  that 's not the only difference , it 's a difference in the quality of the people the us accepts . 
  aside from refugees who are vetted for security and have to take part in integration programs , the only other muslims the us accepts are skilled workers with job offers . 
  it 's 2016 friend, 
  absolutely , i do n't agree in collective guilt or collective responsibility for the sins of my ancestors . 
  i would wager most of my ancestors were n't even involved in the british colonial administration and only indirectly benefited from it at the time . 
  we for example are a successful result of british colonialism . 
  it would be hypocritical for me to decry british imperialism as being purely evil after having benefited from it myself . 
  not that i can not recognize the british wronged and harmed many other countries especially regarding the indian famines and the role during the slave trade , but they did a lot of good as well . 
  we who are living in the west right now have to deal with whatever consequences of this societal penance required of us . 
  it is the worst way of compensating for the evils of the past , because it does not punish those who carried out the crimes nor benefits those who suffered from them . 
  your link is still broken btw, 
  the irish i assume . 
  though with all those passports , i guess you have a lot of homes :d, 
  the chance of another terror attack occurring in the same city it did before is miniscule though . 
  with the level of security they deploy immediately after these incidents , i would say brussels would actually be one of the safest cities on earth to visit in the next few weeks . 
  after the manhunt is over of course . 
  i do n't think anyone envies islam . 
  i think as you mentioned , most eastern european countries ( other than russia ) have been the victims historically , especially poland . 
  they stagnated throughout the imperial age and so never had any colonies of their own . 
  the balkans were victims of ottoman imperialism and most of the rest of eastern europe were either controlled by the habsburgs for centuries or the russian empire and then the soviet union . 
  the reason they do n't feel the historical guilt is precisely because there is nothing to feel guilty for . 
  france is `` the '' tricolor though . 
  i dislike most of the other ones , but france 's is so distinctive . 
  uk , france , greece , czech republic & norway for the best . 
  the worst is bosnia 's . 
  looks like something made in ms paint . 
  lies !, 
  there 's also the rue saint honor\u00e9 and boulevard haussmann . 
  sounds pretty racist bruv, 
  have you got a source on the al shabaab funding ? 
  i would have thought financing terror groups from abroad would have the intelligence agencies involved . 
  and some of the best danish artists ( the raveonettes ) sing in english anyways, 
  english is already firmly established as the global language , but i do n't foresee regional languages completely dying out . 
  i can at least see all of the developed world being totally fluent in english within a century or two though . 
  a completely uniform world would be incredibly boring . 
  i 'll go against the tide of the rest of the anglosphere and say i appreciate france 's protectionist policies to preserve their culture . 
  it 's the same reason massive supermarket chains have restrictions and thr boulangeries are still going strong . 
  there 's plenty of good modern francophone artists too . 
  emilie simon , coeur de pirate , stromae etc. 
  the west depended on the one psycho to get rid of the other . 
  much as i hate what happened post ww2 there was no other possibility . 
  equally spurious claim , but it at least had the political clout to get away with it . 
  greece has more leverage than macedonia , as well as being in the right . 
  you 're right and the problem is n't unique to `` northern macedonia '' . 
  every country in the balkans has something of an identity crisis . 
  you and your government are right to defend your history , but i also agree that the name fyrom is not going to work in the long term . 
  the name macedonia has unfortunately been established . 
  the main focus should be for the international community to stand with greece and condemn any new irredentist claims or historical revisionism by the macedonian government . 
  they should change it to macadamia . 
  we can send them some of the trees and they can fully embrace their nutty heritage . 
  ljub\u010do georgievski reveals `` we wuz hellenes and shit '', 
  yes but england does n't call itself nova roma and still erect statues of caesar and augustus . 
  if england claimed that they ruled the roman empire by virtue of being part of its territory , then that would be a fitting analogy . 
  it 's not just the name . 
  if they used macedonia but embraced a slavic identity then there would be no issues . 
  it 's the `` we wuz alexanderz '' irredentist attitude which irks greece , that is tantamount to rewriting history in their favour . 
  the ethnic group living in the country did not exist in the region at the time of alexander . 
  those in ancient macedonia were culturally greeks , and the bulk of ancient macedonia exists in greek borders . 
  most of those arguing on the side of macedonia know nothing of the history of the region . 
  it really does prove how effective their use of the name is . 
  wow greeks are so lazy they 're trying to steal rightful macedonian history . 
  i 'm picturing an anti eu workout trainer . 
  `` push those ballots to the limit people ! '', 
  south west turkmenistan, 
  when akp was first elected it branded itself as a reformist party that would fix the economy .
