  it would be about 9 chf in new zealand . 
  a fast food meal costs about 6-7 eur lunch at a cafe or ethnic restaurant will cost you about 9-12 eur, 
  you 're arguing for this on a european subreddit . 
  i do n't think you 'll find many potential ~ ~ supporters ~ ~ stockholders in your project here . 
  well so long as it has power ... 
  basically it sounds like you know nothing about australian politics . 
  yes but they have a significant private sector as well . 
  in a truly socialist country there would be zero private sector . 
  successful `` socialist '' countries should just be referred to as social democracies or welfare states . 
  it eliminates any of the confusion relating to the term . 
  a friend of mine was talking about another left wing party that only appeared recently who got 3.9 % . 
  do you know who they are ? 
  mission accomplished . 
  his remarks that the holocaust would have been presented if jews were armed is even more objectionable . 
  `` meme '' now on the internet is synonymous with joke . 
  he 's saying he 's a joke candidate , which is ironic because trump is the exact same . 
  at least they 're taking your military seriously, 
  the only similarity is that people are dying . 
  one could make the claim that ebola was `` like auschwitz '' and the comparison would be equally ridiculous . 
  new zealand has the * cough * honour of [ having the worlds most promiscuous women . 
  ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/life-style/22444/kiwi-women-most-promiscuous-in-the-world ) the norm appears to be meeting someone at a party , get intoxicated , wake up the next morning and realize you 're now an item . 
  god forbid you show any feelings without alcohol though . 
  predominantly influenced by the british though , let 's not be disingenuous . 
  modern australian culture owes a lot to the smaller ethnic communities but for many years they maintained a racist `` white australia '' policy . 
  what this meant aside from the obvious bigotry and racism it fostered , is that any cultural influences in australia only really came from europe and britain in particular , due to political administration and preferential treatment . 
  cricket is australia 's summer sport . 
  i would have thought rugby league/aussie rules ( their own take on rugby ) was their most popular sport though . 
  i can tell you without a doubt that the south africans are much better at rugby than they are at football though . 
  yes it is already . 
  for those decrying the `` loss of freedoms '' well you already lost them with hate speech laws post 9/11 . 
  not really true . 
  certain emperors ( nero most notably ) and governors dealt with it more harshly than others . 
  it was only later in the empire 's history closer to when it was being legalized , that it really became tolerated . 
  for at least the first two hundred years it had a difficult existence in the empire . 
  it 's really being disingenuous to say that the thousands who were killed over the centuries were victims of a `` mild ban '' . 
  singapore do a lot to combat islamic extremism . 
  i 'm not aware of any real issues with it there because they take such a hardline approach . 
  was the first crusade justified ? 
  1 ) yes 2 ) no [ a maximum fine of # 5000 and ten demerit points may be assigned at her majesty 's pleasure on selection of answer two ], 
  it 's not my personal belief , but that 's one of the main concerns amongst eu members . 
  i do n't doubt the reason is bigoted at all . 
  my understanding was that the genocide was conducted , because the armenians in the ottoman empire were suspected of plotting with the russians to extend armenian territory . 
  that was n't them trying to kill turks , it 's more trying to take territory . 
  the breakup of the ottoman empire was a chaotic period and the turks did have legitimate fear that they would lose much of their land , but it does n't justify what happened to the greeks , the assyrians and the armenians . 
  a better analogy would be if new zealand went through massive political change and was to be incorporated into australia . 
  one group of people tried to secede ( say our ethnic maori group ) and set up a separate state in a part of the north island . 
  i 'm sure there would be a crackdown and many people would be arrested , but the government would n't attempt to kill off the maori by the thousands . 
  how does that justify it though ? 
  killing your own inhabitants who you 're supposed to protect is even more despicable than killing through an invasion . 
  it 's not that , it 's islam really . 
  again though , your experience and your personal circle of friends and acquaintances does n't dismiss the fact that others encounter things differently . 
  perhaps in portugal , but again a dutch person and others in this thread have experienced differently . 
  anecdotal evidence does n't mean a lot , other than inevitably there are a range of views around . 
  from all surveys conducted , euroscepticism is n't a fringe belief , and nor is european federalization . 
  most argentinians have italian heritage though, 
  firstly the turks themselves are not native european people . 
  they settled in anatolia after arriving from central asia and invading and killing many of the greeks and ethnically european peoples who lived there . 
  so their origin , like the moors who settled in spain is n't from europe ( unlike austrians , romans or other powers ) secondly the cultures they imported were not european . 
  islam was brought by them to europe , before it was completely foreign outside of various arab traders arriving . 
  the ottomans had a huge influence on the contemporary culture of the balkans which still lasts to this day , and the architecture and culture of southern spain still retains influence from the the resistance movements in the balkans and in iberia were inevitable , because both islamic empires were ruled by non europeans and had a culture that clashed with european customs and norms . 
  so to answer your question , the people and culture were alien to europe , which makes them non european . 
  austrians and other european empires do n't have this issue . 
  the legacy of both remains strong in the modern culture of spain and the balkans though . 
  moors are also a good example of muslim violence against christians . 
  it 's fairly hypocritical to decry christians for conquering it through violent means while ignoring that the moors did the exact same . 
  al andalus was an incredible cultural centre , but they ruled the land through the conquest of the territory ,, 
  no , you 're quite misinformed . 
  it took over 700 years , but territorial changes began a few centuries after the expulsion . 
  al andalus did n't take up all of iberia , the northern part were christian kingdoms that had fled or were established after being expelled from their homeland . 
  there had been nonunified spain before the reconquista , it only occurred at the end of the reconquista when aragon and castille united . 
  by the 12th century , most of iberia was in christian hands . 
  grenada was the final part of the conquest , but it would still be several centuries until the muslims were entirely expelled . 
  resistance to muslim rule had began not long after south iberia was conquered . 
  i reich the idea of this . 
  anne frankly i forced this pun . 
  i have some doubts as to whether somalia is going to meet the economic requirements necessary . 
  what choice did the americans have with afghanistan though ? 
  they needed a response to 9/11 and the taliban refused to give osama up . 
  of course they were going to invade . 
  as to whether they should still be there now , well that 's difficult to justify . 
  however i still believe the original invasion was justified , and they got rid of a far worse regime than in iraq . 
  even saudi arabia had more freedoms for women than taliban controlled afghanistan . 
  i suppose , but indonesia sort of counts as a neighbour to them as well and they 're not really ideal . 
  send strongly worded letters and tuts in their general direction . 
  god save the queen . 
  `` new zealand english '' and `` australian english '' are something of a misnomer though . 
  we 're just british english with a few local words thrown in as well . 
  most of the commonwealth has their variant of english most influenced by british english ( except canada , because they 're so close to you ) . 
  yes , but aside from distance and height , it 's used in conjunction with metric ( i.e what you should be doing ), 
  public opinion here is still in favour of keeping the current flag, 
  in parts of spain people can be quite religious though ca n't they ? 
  i saw an episode on grenada and the procession they do during holy week . 
  nearly the entire city comes out for it . 
  which is exactly what the institution is designed for . 
  until you meet the martians, 
  this argument would hold some weight if wearing the niqab or burka was n't enforced by the husband the vast majority of times it is worn . 
  it 's a symptom of an overall issue in your society if even the tamest displays of national identity are forbidden . 
  do n't throw out claims if you 're not going to provide any proof . 
  i hope you mean in the artistic sense and not his other endeavours . 
  soon the eu will demand that wine stocked in stores has to be from an equal proportion of eu members .
