  the only thing that could cause such a radical political change would be another global conflict or rival superpower threatening us . 
  back when britain ruled a quarter of the earth 's territory there was a plan to make the [ imperial federation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_federation ) . 
  we could do what south africa does and separate the legislative , judicial and executive capitals . 
  the executive capital would be in a newly created city , somewhere in the us like was done in dc or canberra . 
  the legislative capital could be in the uk and the judicial capital in australia . 
  i mean it 's a nice pipe dream but it 's not going to happen . 
  for one it would mean both america and the uk giving up their existing political structure , and the devolution would mean a loss in american power . 
  the us is the odd one out politically in the anglosphere , and of course wields far more power than any other nation in it . 
  for that reason alone i do n't see it happening . 
  no , he was just stabbed in the back by his colleague , who wanted to be pm instead of him . 
  why do you think ni will leave when the only arty that has proposed it is sinn feinn - who have always supported unionism with the republic . 
  essentially nothing has changed in ni since the referendum . 
   your people that hate migrants most likely do n't hate eurozone migrants . 
  you could n't be further from the truth . 
  there 's a lot of hatred towards poles and eastern europeans in working class britian , because they 're perceived as having stolen their jobs . 
  the majority of non eurozone migration in the uk is made up of students who will leave after five years . 
  actual permanent immigrants are a much lower number than eu nationals . 
  even if the pound falls to a penny you 'll still have us by your side < 3, 
  did scotland see any improvements under blair or brown when labour were in power ? 
  yeah i hear the pope was keen for another match, 
  yes , and if the uk does n't opt for the eea i 'm sure financial firms will pick dublin over anywhere else . 
  the thing is confirmed as a 4chan prank with tens and thousands of signatures from the vatican and north korea . 
  it just ends up making remain look like idiots if they 're defending this . 
  you realize that one of the main reasons corporations and banks are in the uk is due to common law making arbitration much easier this is why new york , london and hong kong are all financial powerhouses . 
  with most major financial firms being british or american . 
  the legal system is far more corporate friendly in the uk than anywhere else in europe . 
  unless eu law changes significantly to attract them , i do n't see it happening . 
  regardless london is likely to get some sort of autonomous status in the negotiations, 
  green eyes are really common here . 
  yet the products are all produced in britain, 
  plus supposedly boris johnson and other important tories have signed a letter pledging their support no matter what the result . 
  not in wales perhaps , it depends more on the turnout in edinburgh , manchester , glasgow , birmingham and london . 
  cardiff is more important in wales anyways . 
  i 'm hoping leave but it 's far from over yet . 
  i believe sturgeon rescinded her promise, 
  supposedly london had a lower turnout due to the weather . 
  they 're expecting remain to win in most areas except possibly east london being pro leave by a small margin . 
  but this is n't even remotely a slippery slope or fearmongering . 
  the end goal of `` ever closer union '' is a federation . 
  the mail on sunday ( weekend daily mail ) come out in favour of remain, 
  this has nothing to do with europe . 
  take your dead ideology elsewhere . 
  the russians are even sending the people they do n't want though . 
  maybe we can trust the turks instead . 
  they 've always had europe 's best interests at heart . 
  they 're only in france because it 's a wealthy country with nice stadiums and the means to accomodate them . 
  you do n't see these sports migrants going to moldova . 
  until the rest of europe takes their fair share then we must close the borders . 
  i agree , immigrants are generally pretty well integrated in most of london but it 's probably a mixture of more than one factors . 
  correlation does n't equal causation after all , and that map does n't match the two exactly . 
  support still seems quite high in norfolk/lincolnshire and the north , where there are immigrants . 
  germany and their stupid schengen let all the foreigners in !, 
  it 's an open door to those barbarous religious fanatics from poland . 
  is that really a surprise given that no immigrant will vote for ukip, 
  well worried you should be . 
  it 's exactly what they 're going to do . 
  he does have less influence at number 10 now though after the news of the world scandal . 
  i think the point was that for the entire duration of the iberian union you ceased being allies . 
  england was at war with spain and so all their allies ( including the portuguese ) were up for attack . 
  it did n't really matter whether it was portuguese or spaniards in the territory , it was still people who were at war with britain in the eighty years war . 
  ca n't excuse the pink map , that was just pure selfish imperialism when you were allies and a better compromise could have been reached . 
  euroskepticism is higher in france than in the uk . 
  the danes and the dutch are both very anti eu at present too . 
  if the migrant crisis and eurozone ca n't be managed it 's only going turn more people euroskeptic . 
  the best resource is still the financial time 's `` poll of polls '' which has averaged out the results from hundreds of different ones . 
  remain still has a slight lead https://ig.ft.com/sites/brexit-polling/, 
  i mean nobody thinks he 's remotely of equal to churchill , but you can classifar the sort of british exceptionalism in his rhetoric as being similar, 
  as someone learning portuguese this has been an interesting lesson . 
  regarding the dutch portuguese war , that was during the iberian union . 
  they certainly were n't your ally when you were in a union with spain . 
  the spanish were britain 's enemies at the time , and their conflicts became your conflicts when you were politically united . 
  they certainly helped when you wanted to break free of spanish rule , mostly because it benefitted them but would also benefit you . 
  no political alliance is ever based on anything other than mutual interests . 
  if one country has wishes going against the other in the union , it 's not going to be a very co-operative one . 
  middle eastern oil sheikhs have legitimate grounds as climate change refugees . 
  i think the major difference was that the snps economic argument was n't relying on financial services or other major components of the british economy that will still be around decades to come , but on the north sea oil which is a unpredictable and rapidly disappearing commodity . 
  now with oil prices much lower and much of it already drilled , it 's far less shaky than the other sectors of the uk economy . 
  my history buff dad used to always use the phrase to get us to do housework . 
  when my sister went on an exchange trip to germany she did n't even know what the association of the term was . 
  imagine the shock of her host family when she used the phrase . 
  the most obvious contender in my opinion is pantellaria . 
  low population , halfway to tunisia and sicily , fairly large area and formerly a penal colony . 
  yes i 'm aware . 
  salmond does n't get another independence referendum even if the outcome of the eu referendum goes against the majority vote in scotland . 
  because scottish eu referendum votes are n't counted any differently than english or welsh ones . 
  whatever region favours brexit or remain does n't matter more than the total vote count and the fact that it 's the whole country voting . 
  salmond himself that the question was a `` once in a generation '' event . 
  it 's quite hypocritical of him to backpeddle on his statements so quickly when it 's politically beneficial for him . 
  there is no chance of any referendum being accepted by westminster within such a short time frame . 
  you do n't get another referendum mr salmond when the eu referndum is a uk wide decision , rather than a scotland specific one . 
  well frankly banning contraceptives is moronic . 
  europe is n't able to sustain a 4-6 birthrate like in africa where contraceptive use is more or less nonexistant . 
  you want one at 2 persons per couple , which is the replacement rate . 
  you do n't need to ban contraceptives which will lead to millions more unwanted children and single mothers , rather enact better policies . 
  i do think increasing a birthrate most of all needs a change in societal attitude . 
  if low skilled immigration was n't an option , the government would be pressured to enact better policies to encourage upping the fertility rate . 
  and that they still do n't even have their own homeland , unlike armenia . 
  and that they 're currently facing genocide in isis controlled iraq as well . 
  it is undemocratic in that meps can not propose legislation in parliament , only amend existing legislation, 
  not to break the circlejerk but the common travel area between the uk and ireland is n't reliant on the eu and would n't disappear if it went away .
