  enjoy your large range of british , romanian and norwegian wines soon coming to your nearest retailer !, 
  fuck the haters . 
  i saw this documentary a while ago and it 's pretty informative on the subject https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_gmgnar9ng, 
  again though , idealistically i agree it sounds much better . 
  however we 've seen the true face of the eu throughout the past three crises . 
  under all the talk of unity , most countries refuse to compromise on their own national interests , rendering most talk nothing but platitudes . 
  i personally have little faith in the democratic institutions of the eu . 
  the british public barely trust the westminster system , but with eu voting turnout so low , it 's clear they both do n't understand and do n't care about the eu parliament . 
  isis are mostly killing muslims though . 
  `` fedora guy '' is more about the behaviour than the headwear . 
  getting childishly irate when people do n't get your joke ? 
  i 'm wondering whether you 're english yourself honestly . 
  * denmark and the democratic islamic peoples republic of sverige, 
  no , but nuclear weapons prevent a war between two nuclear powers such as britain and france . 
  nato did n't prevent the yugoslav wars ( though it played a role in ending them ) . 
  however , no yugoslasvian country was in nato . 
  what nato does is prevent wars between members , and with a majority of european nations being members , it ensures no conflict will occur between them . 
  when discussing military matters , as the eu has no army , nato is much more relevant, 
  no , ths is n't a likely scenario for two reasons . 
  1 - the former warsaw pact countries are the most vehemently anti russian and for good reason . 
  2 - any alliances would play out between western powers . 
  germany and france , spain & italy , netherlands & sweden etc. 
  russian influence would be minimal as most european countries would remain nato members . 
  alright, 
  i ca n't speak for other european countries , but i know that in the uk and over here , religious schools are renowned for providing a better quality education than the secular ones . 
  none of the catholic or anglican ones are pushy about religion either . 
  i went to a religious high school here , and despite the odd hymn and religious education class , it was little different to any public school . 
  the main differences were that we were instilled with a higher level of discipline and respect for authority and our peers than at the previous state schools i went to . 
  facilities were better too , but that was because it was semi private ,, 
  everyone ignores the obvious that with the exception of the american style wacko christian sects like the jehovas witnesses , it 's only one particular religion that causes problems with faith schools . 
  nobody outside the uk uses that though . 
  we very much wish to see the queen saved but here `` asian '' is synonymous with east or south east asians . 
  i believe the same is true in the us and most other western countries . 
  `` orientals '' sounds like an anachronism . 
  no it does n't . 
  my point was that both central america and the carribbean are considered part of north america - but politically are grouped as separate sub categories . 
  `` north america '' in the media is often just considered to be canada + us ( and mexico , but i have heard it grouped in with central america before ) . 
  oh my bad . 
  topographically central america is apparently considered part of the north american continent as well , but in political geography , central america is usually grouped as a separate area like the caribbean . 
  fun fact : south america has more portuguese speakers than spanish speakers . 
  mexico is the most populous spanish speaking country and it 's in central america . 
  you also forgot luxembourg and switzerland . 
  most of west africa speaks french , as does most of north africa . 
  that 's not three countries it 's a multitude . 
  i really ca n't help myself defending the french when someone is suggesting that polish of all languages is more useful . 
  a language confined to a single country , with fewer speakers and far less global prominence or cultural output . 
  if you 're an hr recruit for a european corporation then sure or if you were living in poland , then polish would be more useful . 
  for almost everyone else , french would be of more use . 
  even in new zealand , french ranks as the most popular foreign language to learn . 
  rubbish . 
  tunisians and algerians commonly drift between speaking french and arabic . 
  it remains in the curriculum for students to learn french and arabic fluently . 
  perhaps in morocco , but it 's not going anywhere in either of those countries . 
  strongly disagree . 
  in switzerland and belgium , french is going nowhere , even if it becomes less common in the former french colonial possessions . 
  french cultural output is still stronger than germany 's as well , meaning the appeal for non native speakers for french remains stronger . 
  well there are conventions relating to the spelling differences though . 
  here we do n't forget our `` u 's '' like the americans and use mostly british spelling . 
  though i do n't doubt that as american english becomes the most prominent variant online , fewer people will use the british spelling variants . 
  for example sceptic is one . 
  i usually use skeptic - the american variant . 
  when i was last over there , one of my relatives who 's a professor in the uk was lamenting the fact that american spellings were becoming more popular . 
  \\ #refugeeswelcome, 
  mehmet just go back to re -- oh wait ... 
  who ye callin illiterate when ye cannae speak scot ` ish ? 
  speak scot ` ish or git tae fook owt . 
  you should just call your country awesome . 
  that way your username would be accurate and the greeks would stop having a hissy fit . 
  no , he 's saying they 're the only ones at present . 
  i might disagree with him on some political issues , but murray is probably my favourite conservative political commentator . 
  every debate he has done on immigration , press freedom and freedom of speech is brilliant . 
  given the uproar over immigration in this sub , his speech on immigration at the oxford union bears watching . 
  all pleasant self deprecation aside , the fear of too much privitization is very real . 
  whenever changes are proposed to the health system here , america is always cited as a warning against what we could become . 
  i know it 's true in the uk as well - the nhs is considered sacrosanct . 
  is there a financial problem in greece ? 
  prepare for ur rekuning skrub, 
  nato is entirely voluntary . 
  nato has wanted sweden and finland in it for a while , but has n't invaded them or significantly pressured them to join . 
  the reason nato has expanded is because of the ex warsaw pact territories joining , because they no longer wished to ever repeat their period of russian control . 
  really ? 
  the uk economy eclipsed france just last year though . 
  is n't kazakhstan a little more loyal ? 
  they 're in the cis . 
  empire 's a hell of a drug , but this time you 're sober enough to care . 
  i hope you 're not forced to choose one though . 
  russia comes across as quite a jealous geopolitical lover . 
  no u, 
  you might laugh now , but wait until they bring out the potato guns . 
  `` reactionary '' is the left wing version of `` libtard '' . 
  a meaningless but supposedly insulting phrase that nobody except their ideologiocal proponents take seriously . 
  catholicism is n't that bad . 
  come on . 
  yes . 
  it was invented by viennese bakers , who popularized it in france . 
  i do n't think you picked the best photo if you 're wanting to show the orange parade as being `` militarized '' when it just shows a bunch of old men playing dress up . 
  the eu definitely helped with stabilizing the former warsaw pact countries post collapse , but it did n't create the conditions for the soviet collapse . 
  american policy and the oil glut and economic conditions in the 80s were much more significant factors . 
  a unified western world and shared political and military policy were absolutely important as a counterweight to the soviets , but this had started immediately post ww2 with the us foreign policy shift and nato . 
  the eec then and now the eu was and still is a part of that united front , but there 's much more to it than the eu .
