  others will die of aids , malaria and starvation in south asia , africa and elsewhere while you argue how much you really care about all of humanity . 
  the disabled and pregnant women of syria are still stuck in the poor conditions of the refugee camps in jordan . 
  the most vulnerable and destitute caught up in the syrian conflict will still be in syria . 
  you do n't really care about those people . 
  nobody does , because nobody cares about people until they arrive in their own countries . 
  nobody was chanting `` refugees welcome ' before they arrived in europe , because despite the progressive veneer , europe is all that really matters to left wing europeans . 
  not enough in my opinion . 
  the whole council was complicit . 
  while i do n't believe that this violation necessitated shooting down the jet , this was hardly an unusual circumstance . 
  russia has violated the airspace of so many of its neighbours that at this point , anything it says relating to airspace violations may as well be crying wolf . 
  the same article states that turkey consider the airspace above the islands universally recognized as greek posessions ( fournoi , arkoi , agathonisi , pharmakonisi ... there 's an even longer list ) as grey zones . 
  of course turkey does n't consider it has violated greece 's sovereignty if they do n't recognize greece 's right to controlling its airspace above greek territory . 
  no , it was the ukranian poster above that brought him up . 
  the croat is just responding to him . 
  that does n't really surprise me though . 
  i do n't doubt that there was some rigging involved , but even if there was n't , kazarov would intimidate any of the opposition or their supporters . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to say that nobody cares about the decline of turkey . 
  the gezi park protests were a huge event and i 've seen a lot of young turkish people online voice their frustration towards erdogan . 
  a large percentage of the turkish public clearly does n't care though . 
  oh no , it 's the other one !, 
  how do you live with yourself having your own sovereignty you monster !, 
  no there really are people that ignorant about their own country . 
  it 's far from the majority though, 
  i am a new zealander so . . oh wait, 
  i love how ours has the queen . 
  i unironically bought a royal portrait when i was in london . 
  \\  implying they 're worth stealing, 
  funniest pun in all of the pics, 
  perhaps not , but its never seemed so disunited as it is today . 
  even if malta was added it would have been third place , lets be honest . 
  or alternatively cromwell 's `` keep your faith in god , but keep your powder dry '', 
  plenty here too , though i only went to co-eds . 
  a majority of private ( public in british lingo ) schools are unisex . 
  i understand , but what is the likelihood of this happening ? 
  assad has numerous other enemies and has n't attempted to take the territory . 
  how is the status of the golan heights relevant in the syrian civil war if it has already been occupied by the israelis for three decades and is protected by idf regiments ? 
  do you really think that they will be forced to give the territory up after the civil war is over , considering that it was de facto israeli territory before the war started ? 
  i doubt assad is planning on straying into their airspace , considering he already has plenty of homegrown enemies . 
  your point about the caspian is salient , but i do n't really understand your point about the relevance of the golan heights, 
  no , a ton of people sick of islamism entering into childrens education . 
  i do n't see why this is surprising . 
  there are 290 in the us alone http://www.theisla.org/, 
  that 's not true . 
  the majority of the ukranian army are not neo nazis . 
  hamas are sunni terrorists . 
  hezbollah is more moderate though , but still have committed terror attacks in the past . 
  true pagan religions were more sexually permissive , but sikhs and buddhists at least also restrict sexuality . 
  religion has always seen sex and sexuality primarily for procreative purposes . 
  any public sexual expression has always been frowned upon . 
  it 's low quality trolling . 
  i began typing something before reading his other replies . 
  `` people can be healthy at any size '' is far too obvious . 
  what is the context of that picture ? 
  might want to mark it [ nsfw ] even if it 's fairly obvious . 
  did you sell your conscience too by chance when someone was willing to pay for it ? 
  sorry , are you suggesting that birth rates would plummet if abortion was made illegal ? 
  it already is criminalized in ireland . 
  i do n't really understand your point . 
  has n't been okay according to whose standards ? 
  the poles seem fairly happy with their current legislation . 
  are you really demanding that you enforce your own cultural standards on them , in their own country ? 
  i personally do n't subscribe to that kind of moralizing . 
  i 'm glad that you 're happy that you live in a country that has legal abortion though . 
  the state has no right ? 
  i 'm fairly sure it 's not the state , but rather nature that would be dictating that you had to have a baby if you were pregnant . 
  that 's just sort of what happens if you do n't use contraception , or if it 's ineffective . 
  unlike other social issues , abortion is n't clearly some conservative/religious position . 
  you had prominent people in the secular community like christopher hitchens who were against abortion . 
  portraying it as some sort of regressive religious issue just is n't true . 
  nasheeds are pleb tier gregorian chants, 
  i always love seeing egypt on these maps , because you can see how the towns are all situated around the nile . 
  welp, 
  yes , a successful football team clearly means your nation has no problems . 
  just look at the economic wonder that is argentina for reference . 
  poland opened their arms to the occupation ? 
  are you serious ? 
  the only country i 'm aware of that could really be accused of opening its arms to the nazis was austria , and still even then there was opposition . 
  poland was invaded and vainly tried to resist nazi invasion . 
  thousands of poles joined the as units amongst the allied forces to try to free their country from the nazis . 
  it will naturally give fuel to eurosceptic parties there , who will demand the same once a precedent has been set . 
  well said . 
  unfortunately it 's too late to `` check it at the gate '' when the already established pakistani community in the uk is entrenched in its regressive views . 
  [ this is the best muslim conspiracy theory i 've read involving israel ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/11673700/muslim-campaigner-zionists-crept-into-my-home-and-stole-my-shoe.html ), 
  if they really did get what they desired though , do n't they realize they have no chance of winning ? 
  if all muslims somehow were expelled somehow a la iberia and joined their caliphate , they would lose . 
  they have no chance of winning against the west 's armies . 
  even now they have been losing territories in syria to the kurds and thanks to western airstrikes . 
  their master plan is so delusional it 's almost funny . 
  trying to anglicize the muslim rallying cry `` takbir ! '', 
  sorry , it kind of fell flat ... 
  hymns are effectively harmless . 
  when a good proportion of public schools in the uk are run by the church , i do n't see why it 's an issue . 
  the opposition from muslim 's would be too strong to do anything that extreme . 
  and you would have thousands of left wing brits protesting against the school 's closure as well . 
  the biggest thing that could be done to improve muslim faith schools is to eliminate foreign funding and foreign teaching materials . 
  make sure all the teaching materials are vetted and are published in the uk . 
  you have muslims schools in the uk using saudi textbooks that call jews animals . 
  ofsted does n't find half the breaches of protocol that occur there . 
  unfortunately saudi arabia are the west 's `` allies '' and so nothing will be done . 
  i do n't think that was his point .
