  guernsey and jersey are already included in it , and neither are eu members . 
  the millions saved from leaving the eu will soon magically disappear by the brilliant conjurers of the uk political establishment . 
  the margins are very close but when averaging out the vote from all polls conducted , remain still have the lead . 
  most political pundits are currently still betting on remain , but one bit of bad pr near the vote could swing it . 
  it is very very close https://ig.ft.com/sites/brexit-polling/ edit : i was pm 'd by automod that this was behind a paywall but it 's not, 
  nobody would notice a person wearing a crescent necklace . 
  there 's nothing comparable to islamic dresscode in christianity other than a nuns habit , and nuns probably would n't be looking for employment . 
  but there 's different levels of religious wear . 
  a cross or star of david necklace is far less overt than a headscarf . 
  the ban for employers should only be if something interferes with their work . 
  in a hospital or industrial setting necklaces and headscarves will need to be removed , but not in a bank or a desk job where where there 's no likelihood of them interfering with their work . 
  i agree employers should have the right to have that dress code policy if they wish , but there 's different types of religious garments and many are unlikely to interfere with the persons productivity - which is what matters most to an employer . 
  i was listening to a history podcast the other night that dealt with the ww2 eastern front . 
  when germans entered ukraine they were greeted as liberators , due to the holodomor having taken place earlier and stalin 's ruthless rule of the ussr . 
  german commanders were given orders to be as brutal as possible and kill senselessly , leaving those who did n't know about the plan for the slavs questioning orders and wondering why they were supposed to be killing those who were their potential allies . 
  if the germans did n't have their moronic plans for racial cleansing they probably would have won in the eastern front . 
  ukranians and other suppressed ethnic groups were willing to help them , but of course the germans planned on being even more brutal than stalin and so everybody resisted . 
  exactly . 
  there 's nothing particularly harmful about moderate drinking . 
  not to mention nicotine is far more addictive than alcohol . 
  i do n't see why people are trying to conflate the two issues . 
  one drug is clearly more harmful . 
  i 'd let alina join my union if you know what i mean, 
  sure , beer is n't included on any diet plan . 
  but warning labels for unhealthy food is a waste of ink , otherwise the whole confectionery isle would be full of them . 
  my favourite variants are `` italeave '' and `` departugal '', 
  if i was buying a nice french wine as a present i would n't want giant warning labels plastered over it . 
  alcohol does n't have the same taboo as smoking does . 
  i do n't think this is a bad idea for spirits with a high alcohol content but it 's not needed for beer and wine imo, 
  everyone who is the beneficiary of imperialism has a blind spot when it comes to their own history . 
  i have a soft spot for the british empire but i 'm well aware of the atrocities they committed too . 
  guns as in the plural ? 
  i do n't think our armed forces can afford more than one . 
  we will offer milk , lamb and moral support to the valiant british soldiers making their rightful conquest though . 
  how many english people live in the czech republic though ? 
  i thought most only came for their parties in prague . 
  only in certain cities though , and the black communities were miniscule if they did even exist . 
  it was only in the post-colonial period after the war when the west indian blacks and large waves of south asians came to britain . 
  can i ask where you 're going ? 
  france can be drawn as a glaring omission in the new boundaries of the united kingdom of europe , much like switzerland appears in the eu maps . 
  but when the gauls are surrounded there will be no magic potion to save them this time from the new rome . 
  india uses only english and hindi as the administrative languages . 
  the eu party - the most dreary office party that ever existed . 
  the uk does n't need nato protection when they 're the second most powerful military force within the organization . 
  the only time russia would invade the uk is if they had conquered the rest of europe . 
  though ceuta was actually controlled by portugal originally , until they lost it in the war for independence . 
  i 've been wanting to write about this for a while . 
  i think with news being so frequently shared on social media and the demand for page views being so high , we 've entered into a new era of `` yellow journalism '' where journalists can screencap a handful of social media comments and proclaim it 's representative of public opinion . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there were no people living in new zealand before the arrival of the maori from polynesia in the middle ages . 
  we were the last major unsettled land area on earth . 
  there was a conflict between the `` mori ori '' people who were driven to the chatham islands , but they were similar to the maori and did n't come any earlier to new zealand than the maoris . 
  you 're replying to our token `` idiot american '' who 's very good at trolling . 
  just spent them all \\ #yolo, 
  those were just excuses on their part by being unable to deal with the flood that arrived, 
  russia is barely any ally to north korea . 
  all the aid stopped after the fall of the ussr - leaving them to cosy up to china , their only real ally now ; barring maybe cuba and the occasional latin american despot . 
  the uk recognized the prc as the legitimate successor state to imperial china so under international law it would have been impossible . 
  because i 'm interested in european affairs, 
  thatcher 's reforms and turning the uk 's economy into a financial powerhouse contributed far more to that than the eu did . 
  the uk was the sick man of europe because the economy was built around dying industries . 
  eastern europe = eastern bloc for a lot of people still . 
  in all fairness to the turks , the culture in the western part is n't that different from greece or another balkan country given that they colonized them . 
  the biggest issue is their religion , and the fact that half the country or more has a middle eastern geographic position and mentality . 
  people are more likely to consider somewhere like cyprus european which is n't part of the continent , than they are turkey . 
  our maori people have a lot in common culturally with hawaii , but no it does n't make them americans . 
  you guys have american samoa though , which is even closer . 
  i do n't think hong kong is a good parallel . 
  the falklands were always legally british . 
  the only reason hong kong had to be returned , is because it was a 99 year lease - which seemed like forever when it was signed in the 19th century , but unfortunately it would come to be far more important to the british than the small fishing village they took over . 
  they exile those that fall below six foot on their 18th birthday . 
  sneaky pop loving swedes . 
  at least the justin timberlake song which probably got the most applause was written by a swede, 
  the last picnic i went to we had fish and chips by the beach . 
  i saw his comments after charlie hebdo that `` if you insulted my mother , i would slap you '' ( roughly paraphrased ) being held up on placards by islamists protesting . 
  they were using his comments in support of criminalizing islamic blasphemy . 
  while the pope may be a media darling , i ca n't think of any other pope in history that would pander to the religion that has done the greatest harm to the church in history . 
  you need to send someone vaguely homoerotic like mans to get gay and female voters , but not so metrosexual to put off the female voters like this years contestant . 
  i 'm imagining a russian aboriginal, 
  it means the `` study of mountains '' . 
  i just like the way it sounds . 
  at a time when this sub has australia included in the map of europe this is n't really the place for it . 
  mozart and strudel, 
  it 's not about the actual number , it 's about the decline of competition . 
  if lithuania was reduced to two operators it would n't be a good thing . 
  they diddled the rest of the world , it 's not fair that you guys resisted . 
  if everyone 's getting diddled it does n't look so bad . 
  we will accept all maltese refugees if you can make the swim, 
  looks like global warming hit the uk pretty badly, 
  maybe they just have a thing for gay croatian men, 
  have there been any cases of contamination ? 
  i think it 's unexpected that poland would be more gay friendly, 
  i think it 's the diplomatic equivalent of calling someone a wanker, 
  in my experience there 's nothing in ms word that other word processors ca n't at least come close to matching . 
  office 's biggest advantage is mostly in excel . 
  the majority of barely literate computer users who would shriek in horror at a command prompt , let alone a bash shell . 
  like other forms of brand loyalty , once you 've captured a users attention and support , the cost of switching becomes very high . 
  they have to invest more and more time in learning a new os environment , and most people are n't willing to do so unless it 's necessary . 
  libreria is a failed state . 
  the united states of ms office is the world leader for a reason .
