  state enforced patriotism . 
  a huge number of state owned industries . 
  also constantly threatening their neighbours and infringing on their territory . 
  i thought people would just be piling it under the bed . 
  i would n't trust any financial institution with it myself in that situation . 
  but you need to compare the early expansion . 
  christians in rome in the first centuries were peaceful , until the religion became a tool of the political establishment and the state religion . 
  christians were martyred , thrown into the colosseum as food for the lions with none of them fighting back , and yet still the religion grew . 
  islam spread rapidly by invading the neighbouring byzantine and arabian territories . 
  it first spread through bloodshed , christianity did not . 
  yes , but from everything recorded about the life of christ he sounded like a decent person . 
  whether christianity has become a good religion is a different matter , but i would n't dispute christ was a good prophet or a good person . 
  after all , he was meant to be the perfect man . 
  i think that 's what he was referring to by a `` simple card '', 
  apatriotic would work i think . 
  combining apathy and patriotism . 
  to be fair , st ives is n't bad in summer . 
  [ most people would n't think this was the uk ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/04/04/article-1373273-0b7aa6c400000578-14_634x437.jpg ), 
  yes , my joke was that i was surrendering only in french . 
  we should care about both , but the comments from the far left are always crying how hard it will be for moderate muslims , rather than the french victims of beheadings and shootings . 
  it 's essentially throwing racism and xenophobia into the dialogue , when the conversation should be focused on how we tackle extremism . 
  * tour de babel . 
  us native speakers are not going down without a fight !, 
  je me rends . 
  je me rends . 
  je me rends . 
  je me rends . 
  thank you for your comment in portuguese . 
  a lot of people do n't like bilingual comments , but i do , because i 'm learning portuguese . 
  he goes against the majority position of the sub on almost every issue . 
  i ca n't tell whether he is actually earnest or just a contrarian for the sake of it . 
  i thought you would be happy for la vrai langue to be promoted ? 
  i literally spilt my drink . 
  more like because it 's not illegal , and because it 's easier to integrate them . 
  the harsh truth is that these people take years to integrate , some may never even integrate fully , and they contribute disproportionately less to the economy . 
  if you 're looking at the situation by any objective financial measure , then they 're worse than any european immigrant . 
  it 's only on grounds of compassion that they 're allowed , but people 's tolerance has its limits . 
  / r/fatpepehate hate exists if you hate disgusting fat frogs like me, 
  i mean you 're not wrong . 
  whether they were `` righteous wars '' he undertook you can debate , but he certainly was responsible for many deaths in his own lifetime . 
  contrast this with other religious founders like jesus , buddha , zoraster , guru nanak etc and the death toll is ... well nonexistent . 
  contrary to your assumption , most people know about the islamic golden age and the sack of baghdad by the mongols . 
  however , the point is that islamic societies as a scientific and cultural force never recovered after that . 
  the ottomans became the core political power in the political power in the islamic world and the seat of the caliphate , in which scholasticism and scientific pursuits regressed in comparison to europe . 
  and yet the golden age did not promote secularism or other humanistic values , nor did it discourage the practice of taxing dhimmi and treating their non muslim population disproportionately worse . 
  it was not an equal society . 
  my point was that religious freedom in europe was a twofold process - the reformation provided an alternative to catholicism , and the enlightenment and the secular principles it generated for governing the realms allowed the expression of differing ideas and religious practices . 
  any secularism that exists in islamic nations today , exists through european occupation or influence . 
  the muslim world did not have an autogenic reform like in europe . 
  no , you 're right on this point . 
  the ottomans were no worse than many other empires . 
  however this does n't excuse the suffering that the population of balkan nations underwent . 
  today , turkey not only ignores ethnic cleansing of three ethnic groups , but also is hostile to their former colonial subjects like the greeks . 
  europeans have long apologized for the faults of their colonial endeavours , but because of caliphatism and nationalism , it seems muslim turks are n't going to apologize for forcing their faith on christian communities . 
  and yet you 're not disputing the fact that it was only under the oppression of the ottoman empire that caused europeans to convert to islam . 
  there was no history of islam in france , italy , germany , scandinavia , britain or a majority of other european countries before colonialism . 
  we willingly imported islam to our countries , the same can not be said about islam to the balkan nations . 
  i have no hostility to immigrants , so long as they adapt to the culture of their host countries and arrive in them by legal means . 
  this is expected of migrants in every country , except it seems for europe . 
  stereotyping my disregard for islam as `` evil brown people '' is a character accusation with zero grounding . 
  why can you not divorce the fact that islam is not tied to one ethnicity , and critique the faults of the religion based on its merits , like you can with any other ideology . 
  christianity has more african and south american followers as it does europeans , but i doubt you would call it a religion of `` brown people '' . 
  the fact is that is that these migrants are coming to europe illegally , they have little to zero education , and they hold attitudes and a religion that is fundamentally hostile to the west . 
  i know this is a common trope , but there are some muslim countries that do assist their neighbours . 
  particularly turkey who has accepted millions of syrian refugees , and jordan , who has been accepting immigrants from their neighbouring countries since the proclamation of israel . 
  but yes the saudi 's and gulf states treat non arab 's appallingly in general . 
  we do n't need you in europe is what it comes down too . 
  europe does not want muslims and it certainly does n't need them . 
  outside of the countries that your empire occupied and oppressed , there would be no islam in europe until we started importing turks , pakistani 's and other migrants we 've been fine with 1500 years of christianity since rome , and the ideals of the enlightenment and reformation that reformed religious practice . 
  islam has never had this reform , and so remains hostile to nearly every facet of western culture . 
  please stop repeating the lie that we need you , because we do n't , nor do we want you . 
  yes but our portmanteaus ? 
  are shorter and so the long winded german ones stand out . 
  the overall layout of paris is much nicer though , since the redesign of the city was planned . 
  london just sprawled naturally as the population grew , absorbing what were separate towns in the process . 
  we should start a commonwealth of irrelevant island nations instead . 
  the i ^ ^ ^ ca n't ^ ^ ^ see u, 
  i suppose it 's large cities . 
  there would have only been 50 people at most in the park though . 
  what amazed me was just the speed in which it happened . 
  in my city i 've forgotten things at the park and at stores before , and the shopkeeper usually puts them aside or they 'll still be where i left them . 
  though mine is sub 500,000 people . 
  bickering aside , i 've heard very good things about belfast . 
  it 's starting to emerge as a great cultural center . 
  why not beirut, 
  i would n't say it 's tiny if you 're including all the satellite suburbs on its outskirts . 
  it 's nowhere near as big as london , but it 's still a big city . 
  i left a shopping bag on the ground in the jardin de luxembourg while i took a photo and forgot about it . 
  not even five minutes later when i remembered my mistake , it was already gone . 
  paris is truly a beautiful city though . 
  but then decisions about austria will be made by people with no connection to austria - from france , germany , italy , sweden etc. 
  poetry, 
  can you give me some of those danske memes ? 
  so should we ban political cartoons that mock corrupt leaders ? 
  they 're bound to offend too . 
  no , i have to disagree with you . 
  mocking certain ideas and certain people can break the taboo around them , and that in itself is progress . 
  personally i do n't think muhammed will mind considering he 's long gone , but the climate of fear and self censorship that has been encouraged by the muslim community around this issue should be challenged . 
  no religion or any other ideology should be immune from criticism . 
  art will always hurt someones feelings .
