  as hong kong expanded however , what was farmland and tiny villages in the new territories was developed and integrated within the city . 
  this was the problem they faced when going up for negotiations . 
  the boundaries of the city had expanded beyond what was rightfully britains . 
  when the 99 year lease was signed , hong kong was only a minor section of the british empire . 
  additionally china was still under imperial rule . 
  nobody could have predicted the communist revolution of 1949 , nor that hong kong would go on to become on the world 's most important cities . 
  a huge portion of `` the new territories '' still remains undeveloped . 
  a lot of it is forested , and the mountainous geography makes it difficult for parts of it to be developed . 
  the most important sections of the city remain in hong kong island and kowloon ( though now expanded beyond the boundaries of what was ceded to britain ) . 
  looking at the geography of the city of hong kong , barring hong kong island , lantau and the minor islands , most of the territory is attached to mainland china , with kowloon forming a peninsula . 
  therefore defending the city would have been difficult , as deng xiaopeng said , the chinese were prepared to invade if the 99 year lease was not honoured . 
  thatcher said that if it were n't for the 99 year treaty , hong kong would have been given independence . 
  unfortunately the signatories of the convention of peking were short sighted . 
  none of them could have predicted the importance and growth both economically and geographically of hong kong in the future , nor the changes china would undergo in the 20th century . 
  although unfair , with the real threat of military intervention and the existing diplomatic obligations of the convention of peking , the joint declaration entailing preserving the existing system for 50 years was the best deal they could do , unless they were prepared to fight a very costly war . 
  oh i know like us you have tons of ethnic and quality restaurants by now , but unlike say italy or france , you do n't have excellent food culture present in even the tiniest town . 
  london really is a foodies paradise . 
  we get all the major cuisine types in the big cities here , with an emphasis on asia ( thai , vietnamese , burmese , chinese , japanese ) since bar fellow anglos , these are the bulk of our immigrants . 
  but since we have so few eastern europeans , the cuisine is completely neglected . 
  i 'd actually be interested to see q poll for which non european country people would pick . 
  denmark would be my first pick for a scandi country . 
  seriously , you are just about the perfect country . 
  if the weather and cuisine was better , you would be number one imo . 
  i saw quite a few on the high streets , though not so many in central london . 
  seriously if you 're looking for it , you 'll find it in london . 
  walking around finchley there were all manner of obscure ethnic restaurants , including a very nice persian patisserie . 
  denmark , france , uk or italy from me . 
  soon enough they 'll be able to go to spain though . 
  it had to be an american ... have you seen the amount of space they have in saudi arabia ? 
  every city can sprawl out more . 
  there was no reason to destroy that castle . 
  whatever you think of the ottomans , they 're infinitely better than the saudi 's . 
  a turd would be a better ruler than the house of saud . 
  i would like the map too . 
  reported for hate speech . 
  it was said that your turkish workers would only be there temporarily decades ago . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  you let them in and they 're part of germany . 
  the only ones that will be going back to syria are those in the camps in the neighbouring countries . 
  even if this is one of europe 's worst crises , germany doing `` the other thing '' was the worst crisis in history . 
  we need to be sensible but you never go full fascism . 
  the kingdom of england was founded in the 10th century . 
  san marino claims to be 1700 years old . 
  china as a nation has existed for thousands of years ( though not without changing boundaries and changing rulers/dynastys ) many other european countries have existed with their borders and peoples largely unchanged for hundreds of years - sweden , france , denmark , portugal , spain etc. 
  i do n't see how you reach the conclusion that it 's insanity , when it 's exactly what every civilization has been doing since the time immemorial . 
  historically , the nation was tied along religious and ethnic grounds as well as geographically and linguistically . 
  post the enlightenment and french/american revolutions , the concept of civic nationalism and the modern nation state emerged . 
  all new democratic constitutions emulated theirs , which created a much more inclusive and successful form of nationalism . 
  if common values and national identity are not drawn on racial or religious lines , but the culture and civic values of a country , then i do n't see how it is dangerous to apply those to those living in the the borders one controls and i certainly do n't see how it 's difficult to achieve it . 
  it works well in most western countries france , america , australia , new zealand , canada , uk , the netherlands etc. 
  `` postnationalism '' has never been applied to any country , and therefore has an unproven record . 
  how are you supposed to unify the population and keep the rule of law , when you have no common values ? 
  you need an identity to have a population placated , and that is applied successfully when it 's on a national level . 
  again , a extreme version of nationalism . 
  you do n't discard a concept which has had proven benefits because it can be perverted . 
  combat fascism - this is the extreme nationalism you are referring to . 
  but one should n't be ashamed of the collective achievements of their own country - it 's what helps unify a population , creates a feeling of identity and belonging and social cohesion . 
  i know germany and other former fascist countries have a difficult history with this , but for many european countries - france , uk , denmark etc , nationalism has been and can be a good thing . 
  nationalism is tribalism on a large scale . 
  it has always existed , since the very first civilizations . 
  the concept of post nationalism is antithetical to human nature . 
  nationalism did n't . 
  national socialism aka fascism did . 
  nationalism motivated british , american and soviet soldiers to defeat hitler as well . 
  an extreme perverted version of nationalism is dangerous , but a moderate version can be a positive and unifying force . 
  the reason immigrants integrate well into the us , is because they have a civic nationalism that encourages everyone to be proud of america . 
  beautiful people very high living standards very high gdp high happiness levels high employment cycle culture well located geographically there 's a lot of reasons why you have it very very good in denmark . 
  j'aime \u00e7a i like it . 
  honestly , i think while most of us see it as an inexcusable event , it 's nowhere near a national tragedy . 
  the french have apologized and more importantly , while horrible , the person killed was n't actually a new zealand citizen . 
  if they had murdered one of our own citizens , i 'm sure there would have been a bigger backlash . 
  because people favour assad and a legitimate regime over that of `` rebel '' jihadi 's armed by the us . 
  no , but they use it in reference to any western intervention , even by a secular nation such as the united states . 
  but you can get all your salted cod you want there . 
  it 's funny you say that , because the brits are renowned for being reserved without alcohol . 
  us island brits are a little more sociable . 
  `` the great satan '' ? 
  economic left/right -4.0 social libertarian/authoritarian 0.05 i would classify myself as fairly moderate , left wing on some economic issues/welfare and the environment , but somewhat socially conservative on others esp immigration . 
  answered quite strongly against the questions favouring corporate monopolies , but i still do n't really understand their chart . 
  very surprised i rank farther left than the snp according to plotting against the uk parties . 
  i certainly do get it . 
  you seem to think that because church attendance is low , the legacy of christianity has zero influence in your country . 
  in my country , agnosticism/atheism is not far behind the number of those who call themselves christian , and yet church attendance is as poor as many european countries , if not poorer . 
  no politician uses the religious card etc but yet still new zealand is culturally christian . 
  our holidays are christian . 
  our parliament opens with a prayer . 
  many people are still baptized and will attend church for christmas and funerals . 
  our system of morality is still strongly influenced by the legacy of protestantism likewise in korea and japan temple attendance is poor . 
  people only go during religious holidays , as well as for births/deaths/marriages . 
  yet they all observe buddhist holidays ( or a syncretic mix of them in the case of japan ) . 
  their value systems are still strongly influenced by buddhism . 
  they are both culturally buddhist countries . 
  our values and our culture are largely determined by the surroundings we are born into . 
  those surroundings in the west , have been formed ( among other things ) by the legacy of christianity . 
  even if a majority of the population are non religious , they are still living in a culture that has been irreparably influenced by religion . 
  a government does n't define the people though . 
  america is a secular nation , but it 's also one of the worlds most religious . 
  your identity is not tied to your political system . 
  it is tied to your culture , and when the majority of most european countries populations are still christian , then the religious aspect plays a major part in forming their identities . 
  this is very true .
