  if you ca n't find them in the uk you can always have a go at making them though :d, 
  just a note for new zealand , australia probably has more southern europeans than we do . 
  our greek diaspora is tiny compared to them , though there are more italians . 
  the other notable southern european diaspora are the dalmatian/croatians who started our wine industry . 
  we 've always been largely british + irish by a huge margin . 
  dutch , germans , french and poles are probably the biggest other ethnicities, 
  not to mention some of the best curries were actually invented in the uk . 
  similar to chinese food in the us , the recipes were adapted to western taste buds . 
  the best thing i tried in the uk was a fresh cornish pastie as well . 
  things like the `` chippy butty '' are n't taken seriously . 
  that 's a poor student 's variation on a bacon butty which is just a bacon sandwich, 
  the one area i think britain always excelled at was baking . 
  in new zealand we were probably the most `` british '' country on earth outside of the uk in the early part of the 20th century . 
  my grandma used to always cook bland roasts and `` meat and veg '' dishes , but her baking was always excellent . 
  british biscuits and cakes are made in kitchens all over the world - look at some of the traditional stuff in the great british bake off for examples . 
  at least you have copernicus . 
  in this case st george really did slay the dragon, 
  i always pronounced it as `` show pain '' ( how bread is pronounced in french ), 
  oh , i see your point . 
  with israel though it 's not the west whining in having a useful ally there but the surrounding arab countries who are still complaining . 
  depends on the time you go . 
  the louvre is always busy , even moreso than any british museum . 
  i visited the british museum and national gallery on weekdays and they were n't that crowded . 
  perhaps the open design of them both had an imapact though , the natural history museum felt quite crowded . 
  change the euro to the denarius and enforce latin as an eu working language . 
  bring back togas and create an eu wide military modelled off roman legions . 
  invade libya and turkey to fix the migrant crisis . 
  restore european rule over north africa and assimilate them via forcible christianity just like in the good old days of the empire . 
  i think you would see a lot fewer eurosceptics if that was instituted , at least a lot fewer living ones . 
  this is pretty stupid even for eurosceptics . 
  if the uk leaves who else do you have beside france to be your second big economic counterweight . 
  what do you mean ? 
  if an israeli poster was to claim  we won . 
  jersualem is ours . 
  ca n't it just end there ? 
  then it would be the exact same argument . 
  the idf repeatedly won every war contested by the surrounding arab countries to take jerusalem , and their claim on the land goes farther back than the muslims and christians . 
  the united nations did not assign all of jerusalem to israel , it was only by military victory that they took it . 
  i do n't see how the argument can be construed as anti-semitism , as following / u/anephemeralthrowaway 's logic it will be made by the israeli 's who are the current holders of the land by military victory . 
  here 's a good article on some of the reasons why . 
  `` le mcdo '' is very different in france than anywhere else . 
  they tailored everything in the restaurant to meet the local market http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/born-in-the-usa-made-in-france-how-mcdonalds-succeeds-in-the-land-of-michelin-stars/, 
  oh , are we continentals now too ? 
  i never even noticed that . 
  here it 's where they just put the chocolate bars and chewing gum . 
  hong kong is kind of similar . 
  there 's no real `` residential '' areas other than out in the new territories , and shops and residential dwellings can sometimes even share the same skyscraper . 
  that 's not even enough time for london . 
  if you want to get out of the city i would recommend taking a train to bath or cambridge for a day trip . 
  they 're both only about two hours away . 
  the first time i went to the uk we spent two weeks in london doing most of the touristy stuff , and even two weeks was n't enough for the well known sights of london . 
  allen ginsberg the american poet famously supported it as well, 
  it 's always `` overly sweet '' in comparison to a proper pizza sauce . 
  it 's long since become the name for the entirety of the country though . 
  every passport and bilingual government publication in reference to `` new zealand '' uses aotearoa . 
  i actually quite like our indigenous name : aotearoa . 
  alternatively `` a 24 hour flight from london-land '' may work too . 
  ah , but at least they had colonies, 
  should be albion and caledonia . 
  wales can be ovia, 
  and then what do we do when the immigrants get old ? 
  brit-ish i love that turn of phrase . 
  i might just have to steal it from you some time ... 
  yes it 's the cultural bonds more than anything else . 
  the uk have their `` brit-ish '' former subjects to fall back on if they do end up leaving , whereas other european countries have to either get on with one another or face a world of trading partners who are all equally indifferent to them . 
  not that the commonwealth is as receptive as it once was to the uk after decades of neglect in favour of european trade . 
  though i do think those in favour of brexit ignore how important the common market is , and the damage it would cause if they did end up losing it . 
  the point about the empire i do n't think is as much related to historic nostalgia as it is to the connections maintained today amongst the anglosphere . 
  only france comes close to maintaining heavy trade and links with its former colonies , but considering british colonies have been more successful the trade , cultural and political connections that are still maintained are more important . 
  because of this link , the uk is always going to look more outwards from the continent than other european countries . 
  thank you !, 
  sorry to be replying so late but do you have the frontex paper this is from ? 
  the quote calling for christianity 's extinction comes from the same page . 
  he 's scathing in private towards the faith whereas positive about it when speaking on the radio or to crowds who believed it `` you see , it 's been our misfortune to have the wrong religion . 
  why did n't we have the religion of the japanese , who regard sacrifice for the fatherland as the highest good ? 
  the mohammedan religion too would have been more compatible to us than christianity . 
  why did it have to be christianity with its meekness and flabbiness ? '', 
  - adolf hitler with the nazi 's interest in the occult i would say at least that he was spiritual , but again there is no point speculating on it as 1 - his private and public statements contradict themselves 2 - whatever his religious beliefs , they played no part in his genocidal and imperial ambitions . 
  yes but amongst his inner circle he was a lot more critical of the religion . 
  '' `` the best thing is to let christianity die a natural death . 
  the dogma of christianity gets worn away before the advances of science . 
  religion will have to make more and more concessions . 
  gradually the myths crumble . '', 
  i think the hot potato game of attribution as to whether hitler was christian or atheist is pointless anyways . 
  even if he was christian he ignored the teachings of the faith when it came to what he did . 
  likewise atheism did n't motivate him to carry out his monstrosities . 
  mon dieu , are the french complimenting the british now ? 
  the world truly has changed . 
  wow no surprise that a west-circlian would have dissenting tendencies . 
  not much different but with more of a sectarian divide and a weaker eu . 
  have you tried willie 's cacao that they did a series about ? 
  not anymore , either here or in britain . 
  in new zealand our brand whittakers has taken the mantle of the [ countries favourite chocolates . 
  ] ( http://static.stuff.co.nz/1334696250/937/6762937.jpg ) britain 's very own [ nigella ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0cvqj3vhlm ) is now advertising for them, 
  that 's not only french . 
  both terms are used in their descriptive sense in english as well . 
  why would anyone say that about malta ? 
  the main reasons against turkey joining are - authoritarian government - large population - religious and cultural differences none of those apply to malta . 
  i would be interested as to what the opposition really was . 
  you 've always been an integral part of europe since rome .
