  the governments and even many european people may be secular , but the societies we all live in are products of centuries or even millenia of christianity . 
  of course christianity was not the only influence - the enlightenment , industrial revolution and countless other events and factors contributed , but there 's no doubt christianity played a major role in shaping european society . 
  and yes it is good we live in an age where the worst excesses of clerical power and a christian political structure have been chipped away , but saying that because we live in a `` secular age '' it diminishes the centuries of religious influence is ridiculous . 
  in some ways it is probably the cultural thread that unites europe . 
  hungarians and portuguese culture likely have little in common , other than their shared christian faith . 
  if anything , i only hope that if you do leave the eu , it leads to closer commonwealth ties amongst the dominions/anglosphere . 
  it 's quite unfair that people of british ancestry , who speak british and who fought for the empire , have a much more difficult time getting a visa than a romanian does . 
  the british loyalists went to canada after the loss of the 13 colonies . 
  the americans got greedy and tried to take them . 
  [ they lost , and canada remained a british territory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_1812 ), 
  oh , the day the french bet the british ? 
  oh come on . 
  people are rightfully criticizing him here . 
  however you can call him `` a piece of shit '' without calling him racist epithets like a `` monkey '' . 
  i very much doubt the blame for rotherham lies on the shoulders of / r/europe subscribers . 
  pretty sure he 's joking . 
  in london , the university of london administers 18 different campuses under its umbrella . 
  ucl , goldsmiths kings college and london business school , although all administered as if they were separate universities are still considered part of the `` university of london '' . 
  so if you were to ask what the most significant university was , then it would be the eighteen universities comprising the university of london . 
  everyone always forgets ( or willingly ignores ) the fact that even economic migrants also age , just as the native population does . 
  for all those that come to work in the nhs and european healthcare systems , they will all eventually be straining the social services they 've been hired to work in when they 're elderly . 
  there 's a similar point made on the impact education had on the arab spring [ here ] ( http://egyptianstreets.com/2012/07/30/egypt-is-not-om-el-donya/ ) . 
  `` what about health and education ? 
  good news , average egyptians can expect to live up to 73 years !, 
  jokes aside , that ranks egypt as 121st in the world . 
  our literacy rate is even worst , at 66.4 % literacy -- ranking us 155th in the world , with countries like sudan , botswana , algeria , and even libya ( which has a staggering 97.7 % literacy rate ) ahead of us . 
  that means many of egypt 's voters most likely did not know who they were voting for -- simply following orders , or being swayed via food rations to vote for a certain candidate . 
  it is thus not surprising that a country like libya , with their high literacy rate , managed to vote for a liberal-dominated parliament , while egypt voted for an islamist one . '', 
  i hope things for the coptic community are safe in france with the growing radicalization that has been taking place there . 
  we are family friends with some here , and it 's horrible what they face back in egypt . 
  seriously linking images from / pol / ? 
  come on . 
  how is the spanish civil war victory related to nazism ? 
  the west was allied with franco . 
  not really . 
  muslims get married legally already . 
  the entire point of these is that they 're illegitimate . 
  but still negligible compared to the number of migrants attempting to reach europe . 
  it 's relevant when discussing turkish relations , since turkey is a reason why a third of the island is occupied by an unrecognized state . 
  the handover was inevitable though , sadly since there was a 99 year lease on the new territories . 
  as thatcher said , if it was n't for the shortsighted lease , they would have been given independence . 
  however my point was that post war , hong kongers were finally treated as equals . 
  all discriminatory laws were eroded ( such as that chinese could n't own property on the peak ) , and support for the political system rose as a result . 
  it was also the most successful period in the colonies history . 
  for all the horror the empire inflicted , i still believe it was fundamentally a great achievement for britain and her dominions . 
  what should have happened was that post war , similarly to in hong kong , britain finally began to treat the citizens of all colonies with equal rights . 
  with a smooth transition to independence over at least a decade and full equality under the law , foreign relations and the economies of former colonies would be in much better shape today . 
  britain was still held in high esteem here , even after the failure of gallipolli in ww1 . 
  at that stage , it was unquestionable that we would all fight for mother england and to protect the empire . 
  a lot of older new zealanders who fought in ww1 would have been born in britain as well . 
  our prime minister joseph savage summised the national mood quite well `` it is with gratitude in the past , and with confidence in the future , that we range ourselves without fear beside britain , ** where she goes , we go !, 
  where she stands , we stand !, 
  ** '' one notable group were the [ maori batallion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c4%81ori_battalion ) who played a prominent role in the battle of crete . 
  it was the first time maori soldiers really participated in a war new zealand was involved with , and it was in the post war period where maori 's began to integrate more into new zealand urban society . 
  many new zealand soldiers had likely had little to no interactions with maori at the time , so the post war period marked a change for the better in race relations . 
  [ sir keith park ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/keith_park ) commanded one of the raf fleets involved in the battle of britain one of my grandfathers fought in egypt and greece , and another was captured in italy . 
  the greek , italian and north african campaigns were where the majority of new zealand troops fought in . 
  the fall of singapore , like with australia , disillusioned a lot of new zealanders with our future in the commonwealth . 
  i would say even after the war we were still very much british allies and grateful and proud of fighting alongside you in ww2 , but the post war period marked the turning away from commonwealth relations towards america , as the empire sadly disappeared nation by nation . 
  they have immunity when they specifically have an opt out of open borders and of a refugee quota . 
  telling them to accept more migrants is stupidity , when legally they are bound to accept none of them ( barring those that somehow illegally enter and claim asylum ) . 
  of course , europe never died out when the black plague and the spanish flu both killed millions . 
  but surely the death of europe will be in the era where it has the highest living standards , health care and no massive health crises . 
  do italians ? 
  and worst of all , a protestant . 
  yes , catholic translates as `` universal '' . 
  both the orthdox and roman catholic churches see themselves as universal churches . 
  labour are anti mass immigration though . 
  they were chastised for blair 's botched policies last election , and milliband called it `` a mistake '' . 
  i really think it 's only the greens and a subset of old labour that support large scale immigration . 
  i 'll bet some people actually upvoted you unironically, 
  cyprus 2 - electric boogaloo, 
  the mental gymnastics of the left wing around islam now no longer even surprises me . 
  in their logic , the problem never lies with the perpetrators , we have to blame the victims . 
  ( and make no mistake , aside from the brave individuals like this woman , the real victim will be our societies ), 
  it was n't just `` some people '' which is what was most worrying . 
  it was just shy of 50 % . 
  would n't churchill be a better choice for the uk ? 
  i know that he would n't even be let into the house of commons today , if he still had the same stance on colonialism . 
  who would have thought that those who needed help the most , would be the most grateful . 
  syrians are the ones we should be helping . 
  most people who cry `` shills '' never seem to offer proof of said shilling . 
  it 's true . 
  but america is not europe and vice versa . 
  just to get to the great melting pot that america is , took decades of discrimination and instability . 
  even up until the mid 1960s , american immigration policy largely excluded non europeans . 
  that 's really surprising to hear . 
  i do n't think much of our accent , but a higher class new zealand accent is probably closer to rp british than an australians would be . 
  welsh is quite nice , and that 's a er ... interesting theory . 
  i really like irish too , but i still think rp is the gold standard of english . 
  afrikaans and valley girl are the worst english accents in my opinion . 
  maybe working class glaswegian too . 
  yes , but that was invented by cow fucking australians . 
  must be a celtic and anglo thing . 
  though they say the scandi 's are all just as bad . 
  the food obsession is justifiable though . 
  really ? 
  traditional british meals are nice and hearty , but they 're not particularly inventive meals . 
  if you call italian , indian and french influenced cuisine `` british '' then sure . 
  apparently one in ten of us are alcoholics .
