  and coastline, 
  i would always choose denmark in that situation . 
  you were my first pic but i think i 'm a little biased . 
  orcish / s in reality turkish is a pretty distinct sounding language . 
  it 's really gutural , if you could compare the sound of it to anything it 's a sort of mix of russian and arabic . 
  wow it 's so big , no wonder you want it back . 
  you mean one single island . 
  153 people are nothing . 
  the eu or greek government can give them compensation for their housing and relocate them onto another location of their choosing . 
  once this is done , there is an entire island that can be setup with the best refugee facilities around . 
  i have no issues `` dilluting '' refugees provided they 're taken like new zealand , the us , australia , the us and canada are doing - taking them from actual refugee camps and settling them into the population . 
  quite frankly you are insane to let these people wander around without putting them in refugee camps or resettling them . 
  there will be many more calais type situations with public disorder if no initiative is taken . 
  the only reason this is a crisis is because they have free movement to go wherever they want in europe . 
  if once they land in greece they are processed and flown or sailed to a refugee camp on the island , this will stop . 
  i 'm fairly sure the cost of transporting them from greece to islands in the antarctic ocean would be higher than to a refugee center on another greek island . 
  i know you 're joking but i really do n't see why . 
  the place would be as well equipped as any other eu funded refugee shelter . 
  you can compare it to molokai or alcatraz all you want , but stopping the free movement of refugees within schengen and having an offshore refugee center is the only practical solution to the crisis . 
  otherwise we will continue to see more calais ' and more people clogging the highways towards berlin and stockholm if you allow refugees free movement across a continent that has no collective police or security measures , there is no way of stopping the crisis . 
  they need to be sent to a refugee center the moment they arrive in greece , and the quantity that eu members wish to take should be taken from the refugee center as well as from the un funded ones in lebanon , jordan and turkey . 
  the truck driver is an asshole , but the poster above telling people to `` call the police '' is ignorant . 
  the police are not able to control calais now and the livelihood of those working and using the port is at stake . 
  legally they can not be removed from the eu . 
  the ideal solution would be to find a small , mostly deserted island and set up a special offshore refugee processing centre within the eu . 
  any migrant discovered entering the eu can be sent there and provided with food and water , or the choice of transport back to turkey or the destination they left from . 
  for example there 's this one in greece with a population of 153 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gavdos . 
  all economic migration would halt and the legitimate refugees would be those who are left . 
  schengen should not apply in this case . 
  and of course the top comment is someone berating the west for not caring enough for them . 
  as if those migrants in a safe western country , who receive food at the camp have n't received enough . 
  the comparisons to hungarian refugees after world war two is so inane its laughable . 
  with the kurdish example , it 's an effective means of psychological warfare , as jihadists are intimated by seeing people of the opposite gender as a fighting force . 
  russians by contrast , being of an opposite religion and culture , are not intimidated by seeing women fighting . 
   former yugospartan republic of macedonia as he said , greece , 
  he 's just joking . 
  in the comment above he listed some of the ethnicities within turkey that are some of the countries most patriotic . 
  we get uk and australian ones over here , as well as our own awful one set in a hospital called shortland street . 
  i hardly ever watch them but i used to watch home and away . 
  by far the best soap opera around and apparently its shown in 80 different countries . 
  you should get bosnian tv to pick it up . 
  he bases it on the cost of welfare , teaching and every other public service needed to integrate them . 
  treating them as refugees instead of potential citizens is undoubtedly a better approach . 
  it 's a worse approach from a human rights perspective , but it 's undeniably cheaper economically . 
  well more impartial than an englishman or frenchman . 
  thank you for listing some names though . 
  do n't sell yourself short on the music scene . 
  emilie simon is one of my favourite artists and there 's quite a few other french bands i like . 
  i was more meaning in a more historical context you 're equal . 
  being an english speaking country we receive far less contemporary french literature than british literature , though i enjoyed houllebecqs latest . 
  i 'm barely even joking when i say the most recent french novelist people here would have heard of was foucault . 
  what are some of your favourite contemporary french novels ? 
  if you think having colonies has anything to do with the syrian crisis you 're deluded . 
  none of them are coming from the former german colonies and sweden never had any . 
  weather and beer are no deterrent either , they 're still happy in germany where the beer is superior . 
  that bad huh ? 
  oh well , sorry to hear ... 
  does the uk even have mountains ? 
  as a more impartial voice , i would say you 're fairly equal when it comes to literature though . 
  the others you clearly win at , so long as you 're talking the national football team . 
  the premiere league is better in the uk, 
  nothing , but they clearly have an international advantage when it 's the native language of all potential artists in the population . 
  again denmark proves much more sensible than its pathologically altruistic neighbour . 
  i 'll take a million , thanks . 
  ceuta was actually conquered by the portuguese , and the portuguese emblem is in their flag today . 
  portugal was part of the iberian union with spain , but fought to leave it and lost ceuta and other former territories to spain . 
  i too like beethoven . 
  at least you 're higher than a 0 % probability , since it 's summer over here . 
  i had christmas in london a few years ago with relatives and was hoping for a white christmas . 
  this map made me realize how unlikely that would have been . 
  well done denmark !, 
  it 's not true that they were n't bombing isis though . 
  they were primarily fighting rebel groups but they have been bombing anyone threatening the assad regime . 
  i 've heard umberto eco 's book about its publication and fabrication is really good . 
  did he ? 
  i thought he wrote it in prison . 
  did he dictate it to a guard ? 
  most of the new testament is fairly easy to read , and actually has a narrative worth following . 
  but yes , leviticus especially in the ot has literally zero flow or narrative . 
  it 's just a list of laws the jews were to follow rattled one after the other . 
  ours is 25 % apparently . 
  i would have guessed something like 15-20 % for the uk if you include the eu, 
  sold off to the 1 %, 
  people probably look slimmer when the men are wearing bed sheets and the women are wearing curtains . 
  yeah even we 're on it . 
  i would have expected most of the well off western european countries to be featured . 
  danke for your insight . 
  i asked before about merkel 's seeming about face and got different answers . 
  sorry you were downvoted , but people do n't seem to like non english links . 
  i very much doubt that these fights are started by syrian mothers ... or whether most of them are started by syrians at all . 
  the pakistanis , nigerians and other muslims promised their jannah in europe for 10,000 euros are now sorely disappointed . 
  your political beliefs are irrelevant to their existence though . 
  and even if we were to abolish their concept , something similar would soon replace them . 
  there is no antidote to human tribalism . 
  we always care about those around us , because despite whatever we may say , our charity has its limits . 
  yes all people are equally deserving of human rights , but not all are equally important . 
  people only really care about those who are closest to themselves . 
  a nation state exists to defend its own interests and prioritize its own people . 
  this has been the way it has always been since the beginning of civilization . 
  right now people are starving in the congo , none of whom have the thousands of euros required to pay people smugglers to make their way illegally into europe .
