i 'm saying the idea that putin might annex all of ukraine is highly unlikely . 
  certainly i agree that we should be taking a firmer stance against putin now but your claim that the west is in bed with them is preposterous . 
  russia has been sanctioned and military exercises have taken place in eastern europe , with a strike force assembled . 
  putin wo n't take it any further because he knows he would be crossing the line of what will be tolerated . 
  honestly , i agree the west should have stood firm sooner , it took a while for european governments to react but the idea that the west is `` in bed with these guys '' is absolutely ridiculous . 
  how ? 
  russia is just antagonising everyone at the minute . 
  this is awful . 
  it should be the soviets , the uk and then the us, 
  eurovision is about as legitimate as the crimean independence referendum . 
  yay for europe !, 
  coal is actually worse for the environment than gas . 
  nope edit : reddit confuses me sometimes, 
  of course , i was referring to the un convention on the law of the sea . 
  the treaty of utrecht does n't deny britain territorial waters as sure as it does n't cede them to britain because the concept was established back then . 
  so the treaty of utrecht is not a relevant basis on which to deny british sovereignty . 
  there is no basis for the contention held by spain that the limits of the territorial waters of gibraltar are confined to the waters of the port . 
  the fact that only the port of gibraltar was specifically ceded to britain under the treaty , without any mention of a cession of territorial waters , is irrelevant , since it has long been the position that a cession of territory automatically carries the cession of the appurtenant territorial waters unless the contrary is specifically stated . 
  britain has been administering the waters surrounding gibraltar for more than 300 years , which provides a prescriptive right to those waters quite apart from the fact that such waters have always been regarded by britain as coming under british sovereign jurisdiction . 
  the un convention of the seas entitles britain to sovereignty of a territorial sea by automatic virtue of sovereignty of the land territory . 
  the commissions decision failed to take into account the uk 's territory and failed to consult the uk government . 
  the european court of justice ruled against that appeal . 
  however , the court 's officials stressed `` the ruling is merely on the technical issue of ability to take the case forward , it does not decide the merits of the case '' . 
  that 's not the uk 's fault . 
  what is clear though is that by accepted international standards , the uk has legal sovereignty over 3 nautical miles . 
  i did a little more digging . 
  treaty of utrecht allowed for territorial waters as far as the canons of the time could reach . 
  a new standard of 3 miles was introduced and this was the accepted standard . 
  it is now 12 miles but gibraltar only claims 3 . 
  it appears that by any reasonable standard britain 's claim to the territorial waters is perfectly valid . 
  but does international law ? 
  they would rather the spanish followed international law and notified them . 
  it would have been easy for the spanish to notify gibraltar and the operation could have continued , maybe with assistance . 
  instead the spanish decided that letting drug runners get away was less important than a political statement . 
  gibraltar is simply following international law , this is spain winging about gibraltar . 
  except the generation older than that of the 1930s was less anti-semitic . 
  so there must be more to it than age . 
  history is written in terms of great men . 
  i think the marxist perspective is an empty idealism . 
  men follow leaders , always have always will . 
  and that is n't just monarchs we are talking about . 
  ultimately these great populist movements always have a leader without which a movement would fail . 
  ultimately their ability to influence domestic issues , is limited , as it should be . 
  the causes and solutions are far removed from the monarchy . 
  yes , it is the hard working people on the ground which have delivered great change . 
  but , it would be a mistake to undermine the importance of our constitution , of which the monarchy is integral , which has allowed us to be brought us to where we are now by those great people , in a degree of peace and civility . 
  yes other nations have made it without a monarchy , the difference is that we have done so with a level of peace and prosperity unparalleled . 
  unlike the french , we did not require years of war and revolution to acquire it . 
  we could get rid of it and probably do okay , we could repurpose the buildings , but why !? 
  why reject centuries of historical development . 
  it is a senseless , cold rejection of our heritage . 
  in the same way america would never scrap its constitution because it dates back to the founding of their country , we should n't get rid of our monarchy . 
  and for your last point . 
  yeah , i agree , absolute monarchies are terrible , constitutional ones are great because there is that separation . 
  i look at that list and there are some countries there in the commonwealth that could be worse off if they did n't have queen elizabeth as head of state . 
  you never know which one could have turned out like zimbabwe . 
  i think the reasons for wanting a republic are understandable but it is a mistake to think that the monarchy is pointless and it would be a tragedy to lose it . 
  so thanks , but ` god save the queen ! ', 
  polls have always consistently shown that people support the monarchy . 
  you 're right that hereditary rule is counter to democracy . 
  but , the constitutional monarchy has shown itself to be an institution that exists in our best interest . 
  a monarchy provides us with a non-political head of state . 
  in countries with presidents they often tend to not have the support of the majority of the population , they are divisive figures , whereas our monarch is a unifying figure . 
  we have a royal family that is basically trained from birth to be elite diplomats and heads of state , far more effective than those elected heads of states who are in and out of office within 5 or 10 years , even if it does n't live up to your notion of what 's ` fair ' . 
  the monarchy 's links with the commonwealth nations provides a cultural link with much of the world , helping to secure diplomatic links . 
  even without the commonwealth , a head of state who has the experience of 60 years of rule , commands respect from across world , exporting british diplomatic and cultural links , a lasting pillar of british soft-power . 
  former prime ministers have even stated that they greatly value their weekly talks with the queen because of her great experience . 
  the monarchy is a major part of british national identity as the royal family has been a constant over the centuries giving us strong links to our history and keeping alive the story of britain in our hearts and minds . 
  it is true that our monarchs hold little real political power today and that is how it should be , however , do n't let this fool you into thinking the monarchy is useless . 
  our constitution and political customs and traditions are all based on the monarchy dating right back to the magna carta , contributing to a deep and rich connection to our past and its lasting legacy in british culture and values . 
  removing the monarchy would mean a complete rewrite of our constitution as all the laws and institutions which have developed over centuries will be replaced , all the great royal palaces and castles such as windsor castle and buckingham palace would become nothing more than empty facades , a reminder of what we once had . 
  the value of the monarchy is priceless because without it you devalue part of what makes this country great . 
  the monarchy means we have a separation between the presentation of power from the wielding of power . 
  the person wearing the golden crown and receiving the adulation of crowds is n't the person who is making policy decisions behind the scenes . 
  politicians in britain ca n't be taken seriously if they claim any sort of leadership status beyond their democratic mandate , because our head of state , the symbol of our nation , is always above them in the social hierarchy . 
  everyone , no matter how grand they may be , is a subject of the monarch , who themselves are restrained by constitutional laws , traditions and the need to keep on the right side of mass public opinion , and in that way it is a great equaliser . 
  `` in england the real power belongs to unprepossessing men in bowler hats : the creature who rides in a gilded coach behind soldiers in steel breast-plates is really a waxwork . 
  it is at any rate possible that while this division of function exists a hitler or a stalin can not come to power . '', 
  in some respects maybe a monarchy with inherited titles and wealth may seem a little archaic , people might feel that the monarchy is getting in the way of modernising society but it is this very constitution which has allowed us to be one of the most successful nations on earth , that has secured our modernisation because of the stability it brings . 
  it is no coincidence that the european nations which have retained their monarchies tend to be some of the most stable and prosperous democracies in the world . 
  so yeah , maybe it does n't adhere to your sensibilities and perception of a democracy . 
  but i would n't let such petty notions stand in the way of what is one of the nations greatest institutions . 
  credit to walter bagehot and george orwell for a couple of points there . 
  always good to see counter arguments of substance . 
  the government should be what the people want it to be . 
  the monarchy has the support of the country therefore it should be ` her majesty 's ' not the ` people 's ' . 
  her majesty does not rule over us , she rules as the representative of the people 's heritage and will . 
  it 's an important part of our constitution and symbolic of our history and national identity . 
  it 's a matter entirely separate to the state of our electoral system and it has worked well for us throughout history and continues to work well for us , so leave it alone !, 
  stay away from our monarchy !, 
  not really ... 
  whatever the result it is highly unlikely we are leaving . 
  support for eu is only increasing . 
  appointed by an independent commission now so your arguments are n't really a good enough reason to get rid of it . 
  peers are now appointed by an independent commission , it certainly is n't just the for the pm . 
  complaining about them being rich is senseless . 
  people in the hol are successful people , with experience in their industries and such people tend to be wealthy . 
  the fact it can be overidden shows that it is n't damaging to our democracy . 
  me too !, 
  thing is they were stuck between na\u00efve idealism and the realities of coalition compromise .
