  they did he best they could and delivered a system that was more progressive , if not quite what they hoped for . 
  now they are experienced and have done a lot of good in the past 5 years . 
  liberal democrat !, 
  they are ideologically central and are compatible with both labour and the conservatives in that regard . 
  they are more concerned with implementing good liberal policy where they can , regardless of who it means they have to go into a coalition with . 
  i was referring to this sub . 
  it amounts to serious degradation of the quality and length of someone 's life in both physical and mental capacities and results in an increasingly large burden on health services . 
  it is definitely a crisis . 
  no , but recognising a problem and translating that into public and governmental support for change is a good thing . 
  obviously the capacity to do that on reddit is limited but that does n't mean we should n't discuss it . 
  i 'm not seeing much being said that is particularly hateful . 
  but being overweight is seriously bad for your health and the obesity epidemic amounts to societal degradation . 
  it 's a trend that needs to be reversed . 
  make it happen !, 
  good ` ol cheap lidl vodka . 
  only once . 
  that is not what i am saying , as i said to the other fellow : `` the disparity between what we pay and what we get is still one of the largest in the eu ... as one of the more successful european economies at the minute i do n't mind the disparity . 
  i 'm just saying that it would be nice if people stopped whining about the rebate as if it is some great injustice . 
  i want to work towards building a stronger eu through cooperation . 
  i am in favour of further european federalisation . '', 
  as i said to other guy . 
  i do n't mind that we pay what we do . 
  but you can stop whining about the rebate as if it were some great injustice . 
  your ability to construct one man arguments is impressive , however , i am afraid you have no idea what i want . 
  no i certainly think that it is important that the uk makes it 's contribution along with the other large economies . 
  the disparity between what we pay and what we get is still one of the largest in the eu so quit your `` you want your cake and only pay half the price '' nonsense . 
  as one of the more successful european economies at the minute i do n't mind the disparity . 
  i 'm just saying that it would be nice if people stopped whining about the rebate as if it is some great injustice . 
  i want to work towards building a stronger eu through cooperation . 
  i am in favour of further european federalisation . 
  no , it goes right back to the beginning . 
  it was the french who initially vetoed uk eu membership . 
  that 's a bit unfair coming from a frenchman . 
  sure britain has benefitted from rebates but france benefits far more from eu spending than britain . 
  in a time of economic hardship it was n't unfair that britain had a rebate given the [ clear disparity between how much britain pays and how much it receives . 
  ] ( http://image.guardian.co.uk/sys-files/guardian/documents/2012/01/26/eu27_money.pdf ) and sure britain has n't been entirely open in expressing happiness at eu membership but right from the very beginning no country has gone more out of its way to make britain feel unwelcome than france . 
  i am very much in favour of the eu but people should take a second to look at it from our point of view . 
  yeah we already discussed this further down the comments, 
  interesting , thanks for the insight, 
  oh thanks for that . 
  there 's so many conflicting messages from different sources . 
  if gorbachev said that then i suppose you must be right . 
  it 's one of those things that is heavily disputed . 
  to my knowledge there is n't exact proof of it but there is also a feeling among certain policy makers from the period that it was heavily implied . 
  ca n't say i 'm sure but what i was trying to get across is that russia certainly felt that way and western policy makers ought to have been aware of this . 
  maybe we could have done things a little differently but on measure i think i would agree with you . 
  but i think our foreign policy makers in government ought to have been able to foresee the issues we could have in the future . 
  be better prepared and what have you . 
  that 's exactly it !, 
  so many people reading the first two lines and assuming i 'm pro russian without reading the rest . 
  if you had carried on reading you would see that i was merely setting out russia 's point of view before stating that while it is the right of any eastern european nation to join nato and feel safe . 
  we should have recognised how russia would interpret it and perhaps have foreseen problems in the future . 
  i am completely against russia 's actions . 
  what is it about what i 'm saying you do n't like . 
  i 'm not understanding the downvote . 
  i 100 % agree with your comment . 
  did you actually read what i wrote ? 
  `` every eastern european nation has the right to seek nato membership for protection and to move away from a reliance on russia . '', 
  yes nato definitely has expanded , it is true that it has gained members in eastern europe . 
  that does n't mean i was suggesting it had snapped up the eastern european nations unwillingly . 
  edit : my argument is that while it is not a bad thing that we let eastern european nations into nato , we perhaps should have recognised that letting eastern european countries into nato would upset russia and we ought to have recognised the future impact that could have on relations . 
  the issue is that nato , an organisation set up with the intention of countering russian influence has continuously expanded into eastern europe ~ ~ when they had previously been promised it would n't ~ ~ . 
  in fact these comments of putin are surprising given that they are from 2010 and most expansions were around 2008 i believe . 
  the further expansion of the eu which has kind of gone hand in hand with a rejection of russian economic influence has culminated in an attempt to maintain as much influence as possible given ukraine 's attempt to move towards the eu . 
  especially considering the way in which ukraine 's change of regime occurred . 
  now we have interpreted ukraine 's revolution to be a good thing but the russian 's are n't entirely unjustified in claiming that it was not democratic . 
  i expect most of east ukraine did n't ask for it . 
  though on the other hand ukraine has the right to maintain territorial sovereignty in the east , russia is certainly wrong to have sent troops in and has clearly violated international law . 
  now i am not making a judgement as to whether or not it was wrong to do what we did . 
  every eastern european nation has the right to seek nato membership for protection and to move away from a reliance on russia . 
  however , the consequences of the actions should have been foreseen . 
  russia needs to get over it 's dated image of itself as a super power and a part of the problem is russia 's increasingly authoritarian governance which leaves europe vulnerable to the paranoid whims of one man . 
  yes it is russia 's fault for being paranoid but europe ought not have kept poking the bear without expecting it to lash out . 
  we ought to have been more careful in our dealings with russia , perhaps as you say , we should n't have trusted russia and should have been even tougher . 
  or , maybe we should have been more tactful . 
  that means swapping out nato expansion for a collective european defence which would have been more to russia 's liking and a more considerate economic policy with regards to the eu . 
  after all , russia is a great joiner of international organisations and had we been careful , maybe we could have at the very least had pan-european agreements with russia if not full integration . 
  i do n't pretend to have the answers but it 's certainly worth some self reflection . 
  edit : why down votes ? 
  since some of you are n't reading the full comment here 's a tl ; dr : we ought to critically examine where we could have used more effective foreign policy against russia 's aggression . 
  edit2 : contested statement, 
  how things have changed . 
  russia needs to be held accountable but i think we need to recognise that we have made some mistakes in our dealings with russia . 
  oh , so your opinion is n't based on any facts , just what you in your wisdom have perceived to be the situation ... makes sense . 
  and washington ? 
  surely it would do the opposite by undermining the importance of nato . 
  do n't be ridiculous , the us has only recently announced it is sending thousands of new soldiers to eastern europe , including poland . 
  we learnt in the vietnam war that measuring success by the amount of bodies does n't really work . 
  the fact is that those airstrikes are very important to the success of the campaigns on the ground . 
  additionally isis has lost 40 % of its revenue due to airstrikes on oil production . 
  god save the queen !, 
  / s i think, 
  it would n't be pouring more gas onto the fire . 
  we hardly accepted any refugees so why do you think we would all of a sudden be inundated with them in the future ? 
   you do know the holiday is a celebration of the victory of some current eu members over others ? 
  no it is n't . 
  from wiki :  in europe , europe day is an annual celebration of peace and unity in europe . 
  there are two separate designations of europe day : 5 may for the council of europe , and 9 may for the european union ( eu ) . 
  [ 1 ] the latter is the eu 's flag day and has a greater visibility . 
   the council of europe 's day reflects its own establishment in 1949 , while the european union 's day is also known as schuman day and celebrates the historical declaration by french foreign minister robert schuman in 1950 .
