  so when it comes to free prescriptions and education . 
  if you do n't have them then maybe you should blame the people who keep voting for the tories . 
   constantly moaning about evil westminster despite the fact that we had to put up with tony blair because of the scottish vote . 
  yeah , because the tories were so much better . 
  everyone loves thatcher . 
  and as for the latest spree of tories , they 're just wonderful ... oh wait ...  i wish we could have a referendum to kick scotland out of the uk you will all have a meltdown when you ca n't afford smack and buckfast for breakfast . 
  so to be clear . 
  scotland asking for another referendum is bad and = whining . 
  but you want to kick scotland out of the uk . 
  so why exactly does another referendum bother you ? 
  what are you actually complaining about here ? 
  as best as i can tell you 're just angry and taking it out by insulting scotland . 
   you do realise the reason so many of your countrymen voted leave was because they thought the exact same of the eu ? 
  far right groups propping up all over the continent , a non-growth economy , refugee crisis etc. 
  you would n't be hard pressed to find a leave voter commenting this pre-referendum : i entirely realise that , and they were wrong . 
  outright , openly , factually wrong . 
  the eu has problems but not on anything like the scale that a lot of ill informed people believe it has . 
  i get that some people do n't like this , but i have no more respect for those holding that position than i do for those scots who deluded themselves into believing independence would be economically beneficial . 
   again , i do n't want to belittle your point . 
  you 're entitled to have it . 
  it 's just interesting that there are parellels to be observed here !, 
  there is precisely one parallel , that between the idiots claiming the uk in 2014 was a sinking ship to leap from and the idiots in 2016 claiming the eu was a sinking ship to leap from . 
  however in the latter case the idiots won , despite scotland once again voting like grown-ups , and that changes things rather drastically . 
  now that you lot ( because your tone leads me to assume that you voted leave ) have gone ahead and blown a hole in the bottom of a perfectly sound boat , it is actually sinking and everyone you 've brought down with you has to consider their options for avoiding drowning . 
  leaving the union is absolutely bad for scotland . 
  however leaving the eu is also bad , and brexit has turned if from a question of whether or not to leave the union into a question of whether to leave the union or leave the eu . 
  given the nature of much of scotland 's current economy and its likely future growth , those are very very different questions . 
   the snp would still complain about english hegemony hah , yeah right . 
  scotland does n't hate england or the english . 
  most scots feel they have plenty in common within the northern areas at the very least . 
  hell the last indyref showed that very clearly . 
  i 'm so fucking sick of people acting like scotland is the childish one here . 
  we voted smart , both in the indyref and in brexit . 
  yet the moment the possibility is raised of us getting clear of a fucking disastrous decision people like you wade in and start tossing around insults . 
  well fuck you buddy . 
  we 've been plenty nice and neighbourly . 
  we did n't start this shit . 
  it says a lot that people are reacting this way over the possibility of scotland trying to get clear of the effects of a hard brexit and tory hegemony . 
  piss off . 
  those of us who voted no last time made the smart bet , and promptly got screwed over by england 's right wing tantrum . 
  personally this whole mess has massively fucked up my career plans and will probably force me to move to the continent in the next year or two . 
  so you can take that `` oh they 're being hypocrites '' shite and shove it back up yourself . 
  if this wins then it wo n't be nationalism winning , it will be people trying to cut the rope binding us to the sinking ship that is a post-brexit uk . 
  sure cutting that rope will hurt like hell , but a hard brexit will be worse . 
  ireland . 
  just like you do ye daft bastards !, 
  there 's a reason that death in detail has wiped out many large forces . 
  it 's always harder to deal with a united front than the same forces divided into a bunch of smaller groups . 
   pokemon trainers . 
  well lets take that facetious bullshit at face value for a second . 
  best case scenario , this will employ maybe a few thousand people worldwide . 
  which is a best case , and is basically nothing on the world scale . 
  not even a drop in the ocean . 
  we 're talking about millions of lost jobs , millions of people with nothing to live on , and your response is to joke about jobs which will employ too few people by multiple orders of magnitude ? 
  you 're either a complete bastard or you 're not taking this nearly as seriously as you should be . 
   did industrial revolution bring `` new '' jobs ? 
  people mined iron and coal before , people made clothes before , people made glass , paper et cetera hundreds years before . 
  the actual difference was that less people were needed to make these - not more . 
  only new jobs were directly connected to servicing and creating the machines that driven the revolution , namely steam engines and their applications - which were actually not many people . 
  the same happened later with electricity , petroleum , and lately computers . 
  they are considered `` services '' . 
  exactly . 
  now the next step in learning about this topic is to go look at the job statistics for right now . 
  the terrifying reality is that the majority of the human population remains in those old jobs . 
  the new jobs are n't even 10 % of employment , even in modern countries . 
  the new jobs people talk about , they will never make up the difference because there 's never enough of them . 
  so again i ask you , name a job or jobs that will employ millions of people in the next five to ten years , with minimal education required . 
  or else admit that you 're talking out your ass . 
   yet people work the same amount of time . 
  ... well that 's just factually inaccurate . 
  do you have any idea how different working hours are from where they used to be ? 
  do you even know when the weekend became a thing like it is now ? 
   mostly services . 
  no , no you do n't get to dismiss the loss of millions of people 's livelihoods with this vague crap . 
  name the jobs , or admit that you 're doing nothing but sticking your head in the sand . 
  population is n't dropping nearly fast enough . 
   okay , this is bullshit you missed the services available part . 
  we have vastly more choice in our food , and the food is selected much more strictly . 
  it 's not just a matter of someone eating x amount more , it 's a matter of us producing x amount more per person . 
  while having y more people . 
  where y and x together make up the difference . 
  though of course there was also a shift in who worked where . 
   people in industrial revolution started being employed in a completely different industry - mass production and services - and that 's what 's going to happen now , albeit on a different scale . 
  and what is that new industry ? 
  where are the millions of new jobs actually coming from ? 
  that 's funny , because looking at percentage employment reveals that `` new jobs '' account for well under 10 % of the current total . 
  this idea that new jobs will just appear out of the sky is wishful thinking . 
  massive . 
  the former case allows you to simply increase the number of jobs being done ( which is what we did , expanding our population and the services available per person ) in order to maintain employment . 
  the latter does n't allow that option . 
  no matter how many jobs you provide , no actual people are employed in doing them . 
  this is what people do n't get when they compare where we are now to the industrial revolution . 
  current predictions are 42 % gone within 2 decades , and those are conservative . 
  no idea where you get 100 + years from . 
  yeah , the problem is that this tells us nothing about employment in related fields . 
  brexit is a coup for every corporatist in parliament . 
  that 's certainly not a small percentage . 
  brexit is a coup for every corporatist in parliament . 
  that 's certainly not a small percentage . 
  half of them did .
