  nah , it sounds great but look what happened to catalonia . 
  a bunch of us would focus on building great things and then get conquered by the assholes bitter about not being prosperous despite spending all their money on stupid shit . 
  the eu has been extremely successful at preventing conflict though . 
  canada would have to be several states . 
  it 's rather big . 
  and if there was some kind of mechanism for it to do so then yes , doing so would be a good thing . 
  there are currently four serious extinction threats to humanity looming on the horizon , and yet most of the world wants to keep up the same petty crap that we 've been doing for millennia . 
  forgive me for losing patience . 
  they were prepared to do it before may originally refused to guarantee the rights in turn . 
  you understand that the entire point of the eu was to stop that happening ? 
  it 's amazing how everyone has forgotten that wars are a thing we 've done for centuries . 
  like somehow it 's impossible for us to fight them any more . 
  because it 's stupid and short sighted . 
  forget the inevitable trends of history towards larger countries , fact is we 're seeing ever increasing corporate power . 
  that means we either bend over and take it , or we build stronger governments . 
  the eu is perhaps the best example of this on the planet . 
  meanwhile the uk is so business-friendly/anti-worker that it verges on parody sometimes . 
  woops , number 2 instead of 1 . 
  it 's really all we 've got . 
  but yeah , it does feel like the whole thing is sliding into a shithole . 
  if you do n't tell irrational people to stop being irrational then we 're guaranteed to maintain current levels of irrationality . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i do n't want to be mean , but i really do n't understand how an informed person can think this way . 
  reviewing basic statistics should be enough for you to fear a drunk driver swerving onto the pavement vastly more than a terrorist hijacking a truck like this . 
  that 's a lovely assertion , shame you have nothing to back it up whatsoever . 
  terrorism kills a pathetic number of people . 
  bloody air pollution has a higher death toll , by orders of magnitude . 
  we need a police state for that too ? 
  oh horseshit , fucking buddhism has been used to justify this kind of shit . 
  every invisible sky person has been used for this shit , because they 're all vague and blatantly designed to be applied to whatever the fuck the person in charge wants . 
  nope . 
  uk actually had the best for that ... well , until the dark days began . 
   nope . 
  in january 2013 we were told that there would be a referendum of eu membership if the conservatives won the general election in 2015 . 
  thus , as this was always a possibility , scots voted to remain in the uk despite whatever the future would be of the uk 's place in the eu . 
  which was announced precisely because nobody , including the people who would campaign for it , expected it to win . 
   shifting against independence so it would seem . 
  yes , a historically anti-independence group announces polls that agree with them . 
  what a surprise . 
  even if we take this as true however , you are forgetting that the polls before the first indyref were around 20-30 % yes . 
  the polls before the brexit referendum were even more against the actual result . 
  the whole point of the campaigns before referendums is to change the vote . 
  this idea that people like you have that scotland is secretly conservative and hates the snp is completely absurd . 
  the snp keep winning elections and people like you keep ignoring the writing on the wall simply because you do n't want it to be there . 
  no different to all the people who would n't stop insisting that remain could n't lose . 
  i do n't like them either . 
  i do n't like any of this . 
  but burying your head in the sand is just ignorant and that 's all you 're doing . 
  that was in no official ... anything . 
  it was a single statement with no legal weight to it . 
  it was also accompanied by the same wording that the snp were elected to uphold , that a clear change of circumstances meant grounds for another referendum . 
  this is precisely that . 
  as for :  there is n't going to be another referendum in scotland sanctioned by westminster for about 2 decades or more . 
  ahahaha , yeah , because if the mood in scotland keeps shifting they 'll definitely have grounds to not grant it . 
  you have no idea how angry people are getting up here . 
  i 'm a unionist . 
  you prat . 
  i 'm far from happy with the reality , which is that the mood up here has shifted in a way it definitely did n't 2 years ago . 
  there will be another indyref , it will end in a yes , and while i may vote yes in hopes of having a career without having to move to the mainland i sure as fuck wo n't be happy with any of it . 
  you are holding mutually contradictory positions . 
  i do n't need to like scottish independence to see your hypocrisy regarding it , when you claim scotland 's vote to stay in counts forever , but britain 's vote to join the eu does n't . 
   it is therefore the duty of both the british and scottish governments to maintain scotland as part of the united kingdom until ( if ever ) there is another referendum which passes for independence that 's completely barmy . 
  if this was true then governments would be obligated to prevent anyone attempting to change laws , ever . 
  you 're talking so far out your ass that it stinks of stomach acid . 
  by this logic the eu should not allow the uk to leave regardless of our votes . 
  have you been in literally any public forum discussing the matter ? 
  have you seen the responses of the government and media to it ? 
  quite aside from your childish downvoting , i 'm finding it hard to respect someone who says `` no one has said ` scotland has to stay ' , '' since it means you either ignorant or willing to distort the truth so transparently . 
  i mean , if you 're gon na lie , at least lie well . 
  i disagree with this argument , but holy shit does it make it amusing to see people who hold to it turning around and saying scotland has to stay . 
  no they would n't . 
  this was may 's baby , and she was only able to push so hard for it because she became pm . 
  may is a piece of shit . 
  like just a terrible human being . 
  and which ill just move to some other place . 
  the notion that secret communication can be eliminated in a functional internet is beyond stupid . 
  this is a man who , for his entire life , has been able to buy his way out of trouble . 
  he 's never had to learn subtlety . 
  do n't worry , us brits feel much the same way fairly often . 
  at least when we are n't pretending the rest of europe is hell . 
  oh thank fuck ... * looks at flair * ... well i 'm probably still buggered huh ? 
  i have no issue with the falklands war . 
  i just have an issue with glorifying it . 
  people died . 
  ultimately just because of a few assholes . 
  nothing was gained , nothing was created , a bunch of people died for nothing . 
  it was an unfortunate necessity , not something to celebrate . 
  hence i 'm perfectly happy with leaders who do n't leap at the chance to get people killed . 
  we 've spent most of human history killing each other on the word of strong leaders . 
  it amazes me that people still want to keep going down that road . 
  well i doubt there 's a single thing i could type that would in any way effect your views , so have a nice day . 
  yeah , wooo , killing people !, 
  great stuff !, 
  does that make more sense in another language ? 
  ... i swear , it 's like each new thing i come across makes me more concerned . 
  are you serious ? 
  i really have to ask . 
  because you 're tired and stressed and your kid is teething and you do n't think . 
  people are not robots . 
  the movies are nothing like real life .
