  of bloody course not . 
  frankly i would n't want it even if it was somehow possible . 
  the uk 's long list of special privileges have been more trouble than they 're worth . 
  sure they 're nice for us , but it 's just fostered the bullshit that is about to fuck us far more than the advantage was ever worth . 
  true enough . 
  i was liking her behaviour in the last few days , up until this shit . 
  unionist is fine by me , but actively trying to neuter our ability to make a deal ? 
  it 's nuts . 
  even staying in the union will go better for us if we have the leverage of negotiating with the eu for an alternative . 
  what the fuck is she making worse ? 
  she 's doing as the voters want her to . 
  scottish parliament just voted unanimously , across every party with seats , to grant her a mandate to do everything possible to keep scotland in the eu . 
  in case that does n't make it clear , let me say it plainly . 
  scotland cares deeply about staying in the eu and she 's doing her goddamn job in fighting for us to stay . 
  which is better than cameron or boris , or farage for that matter . 
  and if the unanimous vote does n't make it clear that she 's not pitting anyone against each other , than i do n't know what will . 
  this :  exploit it for her and her parties gains is pretty incredible given the entire referendum happened due to cameron wanting to ensure he stayed in power . 
  while labour is currently having a power struggle instead of doing anything useful , the lib dems have yet to live down their fuck ups , and ukip have spent the last few decades protesting the eu not doing as we want by refusing to vote in our interests , coincidentally helping their case that the eu does n't do what we want . 
  she 's also said repeatedly that she will only seek independence if nothing else works . 
  since she has to wait for the polls to shift in their favour , this is very unlikely to be a lie . 
  what the fuck else should a scottish fm do in her shoes ? 
  just say fuck it and ignore the will of scotland ? 
  by calming down the scottish population , reassuring them that they 're not about to be pulled out of the eu ? 
  what ? 
  by reassuring their country ? 
  by acting like grown ups while everyone else was chasing their tails ? 
  i was very much against the snp a week ago and friday alone changed that . 
  it always seems to be the rich kids who spout this shite . 
  a week ago i was unionist and i 'd still have raised an eyebrow at them advocating that we just left westminster to make our decisions for us . 
  decency my ass , there 's already a motion among the scottish branch of the tories to make it impossible for scottish leaders to meet with eu representatives so that they ca n't negotiate a deal even informally . 
  you ca n't purposefully fuck something up , then complain it 's note working . 
  banker tells room with at least one ex - brain surgeon in it that they 've never had real jobs . 
  i viewed myself as british all my life . 
  i viewed myself as british in the last referendum . 
  i even kept viewing myself as british when the last election consisted of a vast amount of `` fuck scotland '' rhetoric . 
  i viewed myself as british right up until the point where the rest of britain stabbed scotland and ireland in the back , and did n't even seem to care . 
  do n't try to compare our reasons . 
  i 'm not deluding myself into thinking the economics will be better . 
  i 'm not rebelling against reasonable rules just because they 're imposed by a larger power . 
  i 'm not angry at globalisation , or immigration , or the inevitable evolution of technology killing off past industries . 
  i can understand the reasons why a lot of people voted leave . 
  i can sympathise with those who did so . 
  i certainly do n't blame them for it , not really , they clearly believed it was the right choice and i 'm sure each and every one had their reasons to think that way . 
  however what i can not do is empathise , because i think those reasons that i have seen stated are stupid , delusional , and reflect a childish refusal to accept that the world we live in is changing more and more rapidly and there 's no going back to previous versions . 
  they are n't my reasons , and if a second independence referendum goes through , then they wo n't be the reasons of those who tip it over . 
   im suggesting scotland has the same power person for person as the rest of the uk . 
  this only works if you dismiss the notion of grouping scotland by its own borders . 
  otherwise the population difference makes it very clear why scotland wants out . 
  we do n't have the same power per country , and that was always going to lead to a split once the views of scotland and england diverged this much . 
  we wanted to leave , we accepted the offer of staying with certain conditions , those conditions have been broken . 
  nor do we want to hold the rest of the country captive . 
  that 's the entire point . 
  we 're not calling for a veto , nor have we ever asked for one . 
  we 're pointing to clear and irreconcilable differences and considering leaving due to them . 
  you 're suggesting that scotland is only allowed to sit quietly and do what its told . 
  we did commit ourselves to the uk . 
  the rest of the uk promptly voted in the tories yet again ( in some areas as an honest display of spite against the snp ) to do more stupid shit , then went and voted to commit economic suicide . 
  you do n't get to declare a partnership , then announce a suicide pact and get angry at your partner for not joining you . 
  we thought you 'd never ask . 
  can we bring ireland ? 
  eh , we 've always been fucked over by our rich folks . 
  oh good , then we can come round and play ? 
  so we should hang around and wait for the next stupid decision to be forced on us ? 
  well yeah , the more we diversify our pool , the more options we can pull out to prove someone is n't a true scotsman . 
  been a while since i laughed that hard . 
  nicely done . 
  can we join ? 
  we 're uh , not happy with current arrangements . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  people can cooperate outside of their culture just fine . 
  because that 's where i live . 
  not because i have some irrational fixation on the place . 
   i am a dane , i will always be a dane . 
  so you were born on a particular patch of dirt ? 
  so the fuck what ? 
  do you get upset about all the prior names for that patch of dirt ? 
  do you give a rat 's ass about any of them ? 
  no , you do n't , because it 's entirely fucking meaningless and you do n't care , just like someone in a few hundred years wo n't give a rat 's ass about any countries that have vanished by then . 
  the us has a lot of policies that are very damaging to its citizens . 
  they have an unfortunate tendency to spread . 
  as opposed to a uk vassal state ? 
  so remind me why we do n't want free trade with china ? 
  with poland ? 
  free trade is n't a single thing . 
  it just means a certain kind of trade deal , and it can be good for us , bad for us , or one of those for us both . 
  australia would have to be as forgiving as a saint to give us a good deal . 
  trade with us has been a complete mess for them , with us trying very hard ( and failing ) to drive wedges between them and the rest of the region . 
  there will not be the font of good will that people are expecting at the trading table , they will gleefully milk us for all we 're worth . 
  do you know what the trade situation with australia has been like up to now ? 
  any grasp of the factors that drove them to trade with asian markets instead of us ? 
  i 'll give you a clue , we drove them to it . 
  if you honestly think that a bit of tradition and not wanting to go to the bother of changing their flags means they 'll do whatever we want then you need to pull your head out the sand . 
  why . 
  the fuck . 
  would this alliance form ? 
  australia does n't like us . 
  new zealand does n't like us . 
  canada wants nothing to do with this direction of politics . 
  i swear it 's like the people saying this have never looked into the relations between us and these countries . 
  i see my mom did her part , though not quite enough if the bloody danish beat us .
