so an article from months ago that claims scotland will vote leave . 
  how convincing . 
  the thing is , tariffs are n't the big issue with the single market and never have been . 
  i figured as much . 
  it 's just ... 
  i mean i 'm not claiming scotland has no problems , that would be totally false . 
  it 's just that i really did n't think things in england had gotten this bad . 
  i do n't hate england and i certainly have no issue with the english . 
  years of bloody history strike me as something we should move past rather than glorying in , and i 've really always seen it as a relationship of mild joshing . 
  friendly piss-taking , you know ? 
  now though , i thought things got a bit ugly with the last indyref , but when it was raised as a possibility in order to avoid getting hit by brexit up here , it 's like this big bubbling pot of venom finally spilled over and ... honestly it 's pretty disconcerting . 
  hence my response to thunderous . 
  it just seems really over the line for an english person to be complaining about the conduct of other countries right now , when we 're getting abuse hurled at us just for raising the possibility of not going down with the ship . 
  remain in the eu ? 
  hopefully . 
  remain in the uk ? 
  you know i was so sure by the end of the last indyref , union all the way . 
  now i 'm just not sure any more . 
  it feels like our slightly odd mate from downstairs has just spent the last few months going completely insane and the question of whether or not to hang out with him has taken on a very different tone all of a sudden . 
   where do you think it 'll be easier to live and raise kids in though ? 
  are you seriously telling me that northern europe is easier to integrate into than canada ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  the true face of europe ? 
  are you fucking joking mate ? 
  when you spit in someone 's face after they 've spent years giving you special treatment , them getting angry at you is not `` showing their true face '' . 
  it 's them not being your bitch . 
  some people really need to get it through their thick fucking skulls that we 're not in charge here . 
  that 's not an imposition , it 's forcing the uk to do the same thing everyone else does . 
  being in the single market without free movement of workers is not being in the single market . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i 'm looking at the facts and basing my position off them . 
  spain has stated no opposition . 
  they have no reason to oppose . 
  they have reasons to agree . 
  claiming that spain 's geopolitical agenda is divergent only works if you can actually support that claim . 
  you have not . 
  i 've argued why there 's no contradiction here and you 've done nothing but keep asserting that spain would be opposed without even attempting to address the arguments . 
  for the last time , if you do n't have something beyond your assertions then do n't bother replying as i wo n't continue a discussion that amounts to you going `` nuh uh '' over and over again . 
  ... do you understand how scottish independence works ? 
  because this :  rather than just relevant region , unlike in uk makes me think you have the wrong idea . 
  scottish independence would absolutely have to be agreed by the entire uk , that 's never been in question . 
  the referendum has been limited to scotland so far ( though talk does exist of holding it across the country ) however the decision itself is one made in westminster by elected officials for the entire uk . 
  i have no idea where you got the idea that it was just scotland deciding . 
  you have n't in any way supported the idea that it would give ammunition to catalonian separatists . 
  you 've just asserted that in the face of all the actual evidence on the subject . 
  you 're talking about risk-reward but you 're ignoring what has been said by actual authorities in the matter . 
  you 're talking about benefits , but ignoring everything from the effects on fishing to the impact on political negotiations . 
  none of which would bother me , given that these are complex topics to be discussing it 's inevitable that stuff gets missed out ... but you do n't have any substance to your argument beyond assertion . 
  so could you spell out the benefits that you 're talking about here ? 
  how does it give ammunition to the separatists ? 
  because it 's not legally . 
  legally it does the opposite , creating a clear precedent that rules against them . 
  it 's not going to demoralise the catalonian separatists either . 
  that 's far too ideological a movement to stop over such a thing . 
  you want to converse like adults . 
  fine . 
  then give me something beyond an assertion . 
  where is the proof that spain will break from their stated position on this matter ? 
  where is the legal reasoning for this precedent favouring the separatists ? 
  where is the explanation for how spain will suffer no impact to it 's fishing industry ? 
  where do you take into account the importance for the eu to take a hard line with the uk ? 
  because by the way , spain needs the eu a hell of a lot more than you seem to realise . 
  and yet spain has repeatedly said they would n't do this , has no legal reason to do this , and would be acting like petulant children if they did . 
  if spain outright saying they wo n't do it is n't enough to convince you , then is there anything that actually would ? 
  spain wo n't do shit so long as it 's done legally . 
  setting that as a precedent helps their situation with catalonia far more than it harms it . 
  as for shortcuts , this is uncharted waters and everyone knows it . 
  the eu may require scotland leave and reapply , or it may not . 
  frankly none of this is privy to the kind of negotiations that will determine which , however there are n't enough rules on this matter for it to be certain either way . 
  on the acceptance of other members , that 's unlikely to be an issue . 
  punishing the uk for leaving already gives everyone a motive to say yes . 
  look i 'm not saying it 'll be easy , it 'll probably suck all kinds of balls . 
  however a hard brexit will send scotland back decades , it 'll crush our ability to develop going forward , and it ties us to a sinking ship as the uk will take a massive hit from all of this . 
  jumping into the rapids is only a dumb idea when the boat is n't about to explode . 
  ah , well that would explain it . 
  you 're a conservative . 
  you 're also a moron who forgot this is n't america . 
  not liking one team does n't automatically put me on the other . 
  i 'm not labour either . 
  as for track records , the tories are currently dismantling the nhs , keep pursuing completely discredited policies against all evidence , and just shoved us into years of economic turmoil purely to try and stay in power . 
  if the labour party were competent , it would be decades before we saw another tory government . 
  as for blame , yes i absolutely blame the people whose fault it is that things are shit . 
  oh , and labour did n't crash the economy , the banks did that and nothing the uk could have done would have stopped them . 
  unless you believe we have enough control over the world banking sector to have frozen one of the most lucrative markets within it . 
  in which case you 're delusional . 
   yeah , thanks for forcing labour on us for all those years scotland . 
  the height of irony has been reached , because scotland gets forced into conservative governments far more often than the other way round . 
  apparently you resent the difference in political leanings between scotland and england , so allow me to ask bluntly again , why do you oppose independence ? 
  it seems to me that you 're the one using arguments that favour it . 
  your claim of being angry about complaining is weak and you 've failed to support it against the argument i gave above , so again i theorise that you 're ultimately just angry and looking for a scapegoat . 
  nor is it certain to go as you present it . 
  either way however it has become abundantly clear that leaving is the only way to stay in the eu long term and that 's something that scotland needs to do . 
   because your a bunch of ungrateful whiners , you get the best deal in the uk with free education and prescriptions because we voted for those things and made it clear that we 'd be very upset with politicians who screwed us on them . 
  stop blaming us because you keep voting in people who screw over the poor . 
  what exactly do you propose we do ? 
  shoot ourselves in the foot purely to match you ? 
  free education and prescriptions are n't pie in the sky sentimental policies . 
  they 're smart investments in the long term . 
  the idea that we should all spend as little as possible is economically ignorant to a laughable level , and is only so widely believed because certain people benefit from spreading this bullshit around . 
  austerity does n't work , that 's been proven pretty goddamn thoroughly by this point .
