  generally politicians get their way . 
  good or bad ( and my country has politicians who want to do almost nothing good ) they tend to get their way in the end . 
  edit : i 'm not saying it 's a good thing , oh whoever is downvoting me for being realistic . 
  yes , but how that should be done is by expanding other areas , not by shrinking banking without anything to fill the gap . 
  polls often show massive resistance towards things , does n't mean they do n't happen somewhere in the future . 
  opinions change . 
  generations seldom share every view . 
  i 'm a big fan of the idea of a basic income , but i 'm a cynical fuck and i ca n't see most governments introducing one . 
  not until after some serious civil unrest , and given the millions of jobs almost certain to vanish ( white colour algorithms , self-driving systems , etc etc ) in the next ten years ... well it 's closer than most people think . 
  that 's not how law works . 
  rape could be made legal , that does n't mean it 's not illegal right now . 
  the breakdown will come from the other direction . 
  automation will make the products even cheaper by undercutting even third world wages . 
  hence china 's desperate rush to automate their factories before they lose a huge chunk of their economy . 
  scottish independence is entirely legal . 
  the original union has clauses that allow us to leave . 
  that 's an awful idea . 
  all that gives you is a lot of failed businesses as foreign companies leave them in the dust . 
  i would n't compare civil rights to an independence movement in a western country . 
  family here , ca n't leave them for certain reasons . 
  thanks . 
  because the catalan independence movement is illegal ( in he sense that their goal is illegal ) and will make the snp look bad by association . 
  they have another option . 
  the internationals can just leave . 
  the locals will focus on automation/remaining immigrants/going out of business . 
  my half-sibling 's dad and his wife are welsh . 
  they were utterly bloody shocked by the result . 
  yeah , but they wo n't . 
  we put jeremy hunt in charge of the nhs . 
  a man who openly stated in 2010 that he wanted to dismantle the nhs . 
  we 're bad at selected leaders . 
  or at least , england is . 
  now why would you want to spoil some perfectly good gloom, 
  he 's too bloody powerful . 
  as a haggis scoffing tartan twat i am upset that our country did get pulled into this joke . 
  imagine being stuck in here and just about to start looking for them . 
  gotten out of bed ? 
  the voting was open until 10 , it took me about 20 minutes to get it done . 
  anyone who did n't go needs a better excuse than sleeping in . 
  i 'm still hoping that most of the uk can slowly peel off england and join the adult table . 
  yep , a lot more . 
  do n't know hat you 've got til it 's gone and all that . 
  oh that 's beautiful . 
  i 'm saving those in every bookmarks folder i have . 
  why the fuck are they even allies in the first place ? 
  that 's just stupid . 
  it 's a sad state of affairs when people consider it noteworthy that a powerful person acted like a decent human being . 
  hah , braced . 
  i 'm bloody looking forward to this . 
  hopefully the bastards will get some jailtime for this . 
  i maintain that they 're changelings . 
  the faeries got to 'em . 
  it 's the only reasonable explanation . 
  i was referring to scotland , but i suppose we need a northern england bypass either way . 
  we need a `` come north '' van . 
  oh please , for most of those 17 years nobody knew who the fuck he was . 
  and he 's sure as shit never been particularly careful with his words . 
  i 'd happily take a little press attention if it meant i could lounge in a pub for 6800 a month plus expenses . 
  i 've wanted omnipotence for decades , i still would n't know what to do with it if i got it . 
  he gave up his job for a still pretty lucrative job where he could sit in the pub whining all day . 
  i think a fair bit of credit has to go to the snp as well for shooting out the gate while everyone else was still looking around in a daze . 
  it did a great job of driving home the harsh realities of the situation . 
  i 'm curious how you see being a trader as easier then having a job you do n't actually turn up for . 
  unfortunately the exit just leads to another entrance . 
  only down to the channel , but this scot refuses to venture into the blasted hellscape that you monsters call ... summer . 
  ** scotland : ** we all got a little miffed at the south . 
  one day , long ago , an irishman returned from a long journey . 
  upon spying his mates he shouted to them , `` come on lads !, 
  i 've found an even rainier place ! '', 
  and beckoned them to follow him . 
  and that 's how scotland was settled . 
  yeah , most likely . 
  i can dream though . 
  i can dream . 
  hopefully edinburgh can grab some of the money that england is about to throw away . 
  i already hate the place , so it might as well bring some more income up north . 
  obviously this is why scotland wants out . 
  we 're too lazy to build our section of wall . 
  okay , i do n't care if its true , this is now my image of eu negotiators forever . 
  you do n't know many scots huh ? 
  that 's heavily exaggerated , but it is the fundamental flavour of the feeling . 
  it 's a feeling that i do n't think we can be blamed for . 
  except most of us are n't . 
  most of us are outraged that after we voted to stay in the uk , the uk has turned around and spat on major promises made . 
  most of us are realising more with every comment like this one that the english do n't see us as anything but one last lingering colony . 
  i did n't vote yes last time , i sure as hell will in the next one at this rate . 
  so maybe stop telling people about voting attitudes you clearly no nothing about . 
  no one is saying that scotland 's vote should mean that they legally should not leave . 
  they 're saying that it shows scotland does not want to leave and using clear wording of the manifesto scotland voted for to trigger a legal vote for independence . 
  no part of this matches up to the notion of scotland resisting democracy that people keep spouting . 
  oh bullshit , soctland and england feel very different as countries . 
  sure our cultures have mixed , but the societal attitudes really have n't . 
  `` what are they gon na do , make us leave the eu ... oh wait . '', 
  yeah , go looking and you 'll find that `` most '' have worked harder jobs then mr silver spoon farage . 
  ah , you 've got to love the daily mail . 
  they do n't even try to hide their bullshit . 
  seems a smidge redundant in my case . 
  ;p might write a `` good work , keep going '' letter . 
  pretty much . 
  the euro might be delayed in adoption , but sooner or later i think opinion would favour that too .
