  yet people insist on saying hurry up and trigger a50 ?!, 
  i agree though a shambles . 
  well that 's very nice of you to say , thank you , 
  i expect its the timing . 
  with a very tight and for many unachievable 2 year deadline to get things sorted after a50 is triggered having another constitutional mess kick off during that would be incredibly disruptive . 
  sturgeon knows this , but it 's her best hand to play as may is now damned if she agrees and damned if she does n't . 
  `` before we let you leave , your commander must cross that field , present himself before this army , put his head between his legs , and kiss his own arse . '', 
  well it 'd be nice if the eu was saying that . 
  with the previous referendum the eu line seemed to be that scotland was part of the uk and as such the eu 's position on what could happen after a scottish leave vote was only for discussion after that vote . 
  much like with a50 they would not be drawn on what ifs . 
  which is fine for the eu but does rather leave the people of scotland guessing when it comes to cast their vote . 
  so as much as it 's nice to say how easy or quick it could be , nobody in authority within the eu wants to qualify what the process would be in any detail , never mind estimate on how quick it could be . 
  it 's not so much the if an independent scotland can join the eu , but then how fast and what this will entail that is at the heart of the matter . 
  a `` fast track '' sounds nice , but does this mean leaving with the uk ? 
  if so how fast is fast ? 
  what conditions will need to be met . 
  the sentiment of accelerating a scottish eu membership is a nice one , but it 's not so much the if people are worried about , but then when and how . 
  sometimes we all need to take 5 minutes before replying , but going on a full blown xenophobic rant then deleting half your posts is likely a sign someone needs to log off and go have a nice cup of tea . 
   yet you ostensibly do not want to be part of it , isolating yourself from the rest of it even further . 
  was an odd thing to say ... eu membership is not a requirement to be europeans . 
  unless you 'd like to tell norway , iceland or perhaps switzerland how un-european they are ? 
  most likely are n't too fussed either way , scotland is n't going anywhere after all . 
  they need to do whats best for themselves . 
  if ever there was a good reason for another referendum this is it . 
  speaking selfishly , the timing may make an already complicated 2 year a50 process even more messy but there is n't much that can be done about that . 
  you need to know where a50 is heading to make an informed choice . 
  hah , it 's a mix of both . 
  it 's easy to wrap up xenophobia in a pretense of political debate . 
  but there are more than enough lovely people here to make that the minority . 
   there are certainly outstanding payments . 
  there can be no doubt about that . 
  to know what britain has to pay and what it does not have to pay , each item will have to be examined separately . 
  this may be what britain should pay or should not pay based on preexisting agreements but it certainly is n't what we have to pay . 
  we do n't have to pay anything , but then that will likely halt then negotiations where they stand . 
  i 'd guess the a50 negotiations will come to a standstill . 
  we certainly do n't have to pay , but that does n't mean we should n't or wo n't . 
  i 'm sure the amount will be questioned but that 's to be expected . 
  this is more news with no real substance due to a50 not being triggered . 
  the question has been asked , a lot ... , 
  i see your point however the eu has had the same position all along . 
  no negotiations until after article 50 . 
  it 's the same reply you 'll get to any request to upfront negotiations . 
  we ca n't read in to that about any stance they eu will take post a50 . 
  the choice here is for how we behave , we ca n't make that choice for the eu but we can make that choice for ourselves . 
  if we choose to use people as collateral , we ca n't blame the eu , we have to own that choice . 
   i think that 's disgraceful , to use millions of people 's lives as a bargaining chip like that i agree and just because we can do that and find an excuse to do so , does not mean we should . 
  the whole point of this not to be bound to the eu . 
  if people really want to bring back our sovereignty we also need to show some backbone and a little courage . 
  the decision to wait on this issue is politically justifiable , but in my opinion cowardly at best . 
  we could be better than this or we could find more excuses . 
  well she does n't have to , there are ways to push this through . 
  to be honest though i 'd be quite happy if this amendment stayed . 
  we are n't ensuring the rights of uk workers in europe by holding eu nationals futures in the balance as collateral . 
  i 'm quite sure the eu would reciprocate after a50 is triggered if we guaranteed these rights now . 
  of course i do n't know this to be a fact but would it be so bad for us to make a good faith gesture . 
  i really did n't !, 
  the rules of the association are unfortunately vague as they never expected anyone to leave . 
  we can keep this going but it does n't make your metaphor any more useful . 
  if there were clear rules for this the eu would be expecting to negotiate on it until december . 
  the point being this metaphor is far too reductive and does n't help . 
  the fact that that you 've reduced it to building a house but conveniently left out the bit where there is no house as an asset at the end is a very important snag . 
  nobody would complain if there was an asset involved here , we could sell on the house to someone who wants it , but these are n't houses and if they were the contractor also wants to keep the house even after you agree to pay for it . 
  which apparently is perfectly normal in a real estate deal in the metaphorical country ? 
  ... see it just does n't make sense . 
  say you do pay , but it turns out you 're not allowed to keep the house unless you 're part of the tenants association , which you wont be doing . 
  you 'd probably want to negotiate on that rather than just say sure and hand over the cash would n't you ? 
  say some tenants are running low on cash and cant make their payments and they 'd like you to help cover that just in case , even though that 's not an issue right now ? 
  or as you 're paying for the house should n't you at least get a house out of it ? 
  see the metaphor just does n't hold up does it ? 
  its not close to being that simple . 
  the eu and uk both have grounds to negotiate over this for good reason . 
  not sure if trolling or running out of excuses for xenophobic comments ? 
  potentially both , fair enough . 
  i like to mix it up , sometimes jack , sometimes not , 
  some brits get drunk and cause trouble in destinations that are marketed to stag and hen dos or club 18-30 style holidays . 
  specifically marketed for the occasions where a brit would go and get drunk . 
  how many stag dos so you think we 're all going on a year ? 
  do you think i 'm on one now ? 
  how about my gran is she on one in m\u00e1lag living it up ? 
  of course not . 
  you 've cherry picked the rare occasions a brit would get drunk to back up your prejudice . 
   well can you really blame them for jingoistic and drunks ?? 
  depends on how much xenophobia you 're in to i suppose . 
  you do n't get a free pass on it because the are some assholes wandering around with a union flag flair . 
  the vast majority of people in the uk are neither jingoistic or drunks . 
   i feel that you are offended , but i have no hatred towards the uk . 
  it is funny that you are reading brexit into this . 
  one can certainly find a hypothetical correlation here , but this is your interpretation . 
  i did n't mention it once it 's a little cheeky to imply you were n't expecting people to infer that do n't you think ? 
  given the current political climate . 
  lets not act all surprised it was the obvious leap and you know it , 
   i do n't believe that for a minute yes you do , do n't be silly !, 
   channel tunnel , you mean the tunnel that must not be named !, 
  do n't bring it 's wrath down upon us again ... 
   edit : people seem to be taking me serious here :( the only thing that was actually serious was the last point , come on britain , love me . 
  i believe your problem here is being german you have a reputation for saying what you mean . 
  which is likely more useful than the british reputation for not saying what we mean , but unfortunately not great for just having a laugh with people , 
  that 's not just a british thing , people can be assholes anywhere . 
  take for example when being british and travelling abroad in europe . 
  we 're not known for speaking other languages so some europeans and i 'm really talking france , spain and italy for the most part tend to insult british people , even young children , assuming we do n't understand .
