  lets not pretend this is about anything else !, 
  the english love the yanks , we just show love by taking the piss . 
  i dare say you make the top 10 of almost every western nation , if not the top 5 . 
  i would n't worry about the top spot , some countries just have a long history together that is hard to shift . 
  also thank you . 
  maybe its a regional thing but i do n't know anyone who is that angry or even a little angry . 
  from my point of view the mood of east anglia is mildly engaged in the eu referendum at best . 
  i still think there is value in the eu for the more developed countries , the issue is for the most part in the uk some of the big ticket items are exacerbated by being part of the eu . 
  the topic of the eu preventing the uk from implementing unjust or draconian laws is a non-starter for me . 
  that 's trying to sell the eu by saying the uk is morally bankrupt , which is not the case . 
  yes we have a centre right government currently but if anything the eu encourages this , as we do n't need to vote for a more socially responsible party with the eu as a safety net . 
  yes definitely a double edge sword , but i 'm yet to be convinced by arguments either way as i have confidence we 'll be ok whichever route we take . 
  short term i agree a brexit will be bad financially , but then the eu does n't look to hot on that front either ... it 's all crystal ball gazing . 
  i 'd likely be pro remain if i though the eu conduct around migration and greece was handled well but its frankly been an embarrassment . 
  both problems seem to be solved by building walls and hanging your neighbour out to dry . 
  my prediction is that we 'll remain , which i 'm fine with , at least as you say , we can keep helping out or developing neighbours and they may be able to do the same when we need a hand . 
  if the usa is war weary imagine how countries that have had actual wars on their soil feel . 
  we love our american allies but we 're never going to agree on this . 
  i for one would be happy if the usa would take a step back globally , then maybe the uk would stop following you in , 
  it 's all spin , depending on who you listen to the eu is either that source of all our woes or the font of everything good the uk has going for it . 
  even when someone presents level headed balanced input they usually finish with a flourish of nonsense that makes you doubt every single word . 
  i 'm sure we 'll be fine to a greater or lesser extent either way , it 's neither the doom nor the salvation of our nation and pretending it has to be one or the other just shuts down the debate . 
  are they drawing a line ? 
  regardless of the motives for the post they do have a point , it 's a good reason to be in favour of the eu . 
  if this funding was not in place i dare say the opinion would be less positive . 
  i do n't want that happening in my town , this is part of the magic of the european project ... those drunken fools are everybody 's problem now . 
  you cant pick and choose the parts of europe that suit you , 
  to be fair i 'm not sure i 've heard enough german comedy to comment , the only german comedian i know of is henning wehn . 
  i 'm not sure how `` this paper confirms the fact that the eu does n't work for scotland . '', 
  surely we cant all be financially net beneficiaries ? 
  we 're probably all more focused on the election results today more than what trump has to say . 
  haha fair enough , have lived in london on and off , have family from there and they very much do tip . 
  for future note , 
  people are dying in syria and you 've managed to make that about you ? 
  then charge back magic licensing and consultancy fees so you make no profit at all ? 
  seems to be the way forward !, 
  if i were a ceo i 'd be looking to take advantage of the fools , 
  i 'm willing to bet most people in the uk do n't care either . 
  but there is n't much substantive brexit news , so the press are inflating what little there is to sell papers . 
  i agree , you 'll see sympathy from the average brit about gibraltar wanting to remain a british overseas territory , but wanting to remain a tax haven , not so much . 
  sounds like a healthy compromise . 
  if the talks go well they expand their scope , if not there is little point adding more complications . 
  fair enough , i did n't know that . 
  although trying to use the history of the british empire as an argument against morality or considering the repercussions in trade negotiations is a new one on me !, 
  you 're just kicking the can down the road to godwin 's law applying which is tiring for all involved . 
  again , it 's just disappointing . 
  it 's just disappointing mate , seemed like you were genuinely interested in talking about the topic . 
  see you 've just lost me there . 
  we 're both setting out our view and you go off talking about empires . 
  if you cant have a civil discussion on the topic i see no point carrying on . 
  let me set out the precedent you 're arguing for : it 's justifiable to hold leverage over another country that could have implications for every level of society from health to defence , as long as those implications are not mentioned explicitly . 
  the eu has far more potential to damage the uk 's security than the other way around and we all know that . 
  a bad deal means potentially less of everything , including defence and healthcare . 
  there is no moral high ground to take here . 
  lets not pretend the results of a trade negotiation are benign in nature . 
  the outcome of the trade negotiations can have serious implications for people lives . 
  they may effect police or health funding . 
  people could lose livelihoods or be separated from loved ones . 
  mentioning security cooperation is not a departure from the already serious implications of a bad deal . 
  to be fair , often the uk was not alone in it 's position . 
  the eu is a complicated beast and there was not a grand consensus destabilised by the uk . 
  i guess you could explain ( in-part ) the difference as for the uk most aid is overseas aid in a literal sense . 
  perhaps so , we 'll need to wait til the early 2020s to find out !, 
  still working on the eu 's values of respect and tolerance perhaps ? 
   good riddance you little nasty island of rain . 
  hopefully i 'll be fucking off soon too , and you are brought down to your knees as a fractured country . 
  edit : well i guess deleting disrespectful and intolerant posts is a start . 
  in what way are the english more responsible for a scottish referendum campaign than the scottish ? 
  that 's pure nonsense . 
  aww bless , 
  to be fair that analogy in no way applies here . 
  it 'll invite other reductive analogies ... off the top of my head : even if you leave the restaurant in the middle of your meal you : - are still entitled to eat the food you ordered . 
  - do n't have to pay for next years meal , but have no access to the food . 
  - do n't have to pay for meals that have n't even been planned yet on the chance they will happen , but have no access to the food . 
  - do n't have to set aside some money in case over the next few years someone cant afford their meal even after you 've left . 
  it 's almost as if the eu is not a restaurant !, 
  i agree an argument about sovereignty would perhaps have made sense , in place of the one you made . 
  i 'm guessing if we unpack the term `` legal obligations '' we 're saying someone is legally obliged . 
  so if as you say :  the claims were n't enforceable by international law then by definition you are not legally obliged . 
  i seriously doubt we wont pay something , but the hol was indicating the option ( however silly ) was there . 
   its not a divorce settlement / free money to eu - its stuff that the uk benefits from ( such as the payment of pensions for british staff , investment projects in uk that are n't finished ) no need to have a tantrum i was just addressing the previous point . 
  i agree and hopefully that 's broadly the point of the negotiations . 
  we ca n't expect to just kick the legs out from eu projects and walk away but we cant reasonably be expected to fully fund everything even the things we 'll never have access to . 
  i suppose i 'm just trying to make the point that the uk commitments are messy but both sides in the negotiations have valid if not definitive arguments . 
  to be clear from what i understand ( and i 'm not advocating the uk does n't have a bill to settle ) . 
  it 's not uk specific things the uk is being asked to pay for its eu things as a whole . 
  the argument would be much more clear cut if it was payment of pensions for british staff . 
  but we 're currently responsible for a portion of eu staff pensions as a whole , there is no distinction for just british staff . 
  would you be happy ( regarding pensions ) if the uk for example just committed to pay for uk nationals pensions within the eu ? 
  because that is much less than our current commitment the eu would expect us to meet . 
  i dare say the uk government would be pleased at the prospect of at least a reduction in that part of the bill . 
  lets go ahead pick out some of the remaining allied ww2 veterans and tell them which ones really fought and won the war and which ones were just there making up the numbers . 
  i 'm sure they 'd love our perspective !, 
  meh , there is no obvious reasons for xenophobia , so i picked a random one ... each to their own i suppose , 
   which are ? 
  my money is on the thirty years ' war, 
  if the snp were n't aiming to hold a referendum during the a50 negotiations i would agree . 
  it 's rightly a matter for the scottish govt to address scottish issues , asking to disrupt the a50 negotiations unfortunately makes it an issue for the entire uk . 
  although a remarkable achievement , the amount of forethought required to make a baby is pretty minimal in many cases , 
   how the fuck can a country be so fucking unprepared about anything ?
