  or uk : we do n't like all the rules !, 
  eu : well those are the rules . 
  uk : can we change the rules ? 
  eu : well not really no , they are important rules . 
  uk : ok we 'll have to leave then as we 'd like to not have those rules . 
  eu : fair enough , but do n't forget the good stuff that comes with the rules !, 
  uk : can we have some of the good stuff ? 
  eu : perhaps some , but a lot would require you to still have the rules . 
  uk : ok we wo n't have those bits then . 
  can we discuss the rest ? 
  eu : yeah sure , just let us know when you 'd like to get this started . 
  uk : ok probably like march time , will let you know . 
  eu : fair enough , see you then . 
  i do n't see any country in europe as being insignificant . 
  i 'd be worried if a country had to be a member of the eu to be significant . 
  we 'd best let norway and switzerland know how pointless they are !, 
  thanks , i 'm not sure either way on us leaving but am confident the uk and eu have the potential to make the best of this and continue to be close , we 're still europeans regardless of eu membership . 
  one would assume trade deals that could be focused more to a uk economy rather than a pan-eu economy . 
  and trade deals that hopefully wont take as long as the eu does to complete . 
  there are many opportunities for the uk outside of the eu , i do n't believe anyone is disputing this , but what becomes of those and what happens in the intervening years is anyone 's guess . 
  it 's not certain doom or certain success long term , but it does look tough short term . 
  we are a member of a great trade agreement that comes with conditions , we do n't like the conditions , so we 've announced we 'll not try and stay a member of that trade agreement when we negotiate to leave the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure if they vote no on the deal we 'll still be leaving , just not with the deal we negotiated for 2 years . 
  unless we can just keep changing our minds ? 
  we 'll still be in the eu in less than 2 years so nothing immediately . 
  beyond that he 'll need to wait on the result of the a50 negotiations . 
  how may exceptions are disproportionate though ? 
  are all other countries exceptions proportionate but specifically the uk 's are not ? 
  are net contributors allowed more ? 
  or less ? 
  should we get 5 each ? 
  or none at all ? 
  the uk is playing by the rules from what i can see and it 's a little petty to make a fuss about exceptions when they have been granted by the member states for good reasons . 
  the eu needs to own it 's decisions not be passive aggressive about them for years on end . 
  well that 's the meat of the topic , it 's not easy or we 'd have a solution , the uk 's position seems to be we start with the assumption it will be an open border and make it work or at least that 's my impression . 
  indeed we had unique exceptions but then it seems most countries exception are unique . 
  every country in the eu has a different relationship . 
  some are net recipients for example . 
  as you say there were reasons for the rebate , we were n't given it because we asked nicely . 
  if its a case of the uk having the most being the issue , once we 're gone then someone else is in line instead . 
  should we target net recipients ? 
  it does no good to focus on exceptions in such a complex system in my opinion , they are necessary as no country is the same as the next . 
  well assuming you 're not just irrationally xenophobic towards the uk you 'd likely want the other countries with exceptions gone too ? 
  from my basic understanding we 're ( uk ) in favour of no border so unless for some reason the eu takes issue with the concept and both side cant agree a way forward there is still hope . 
  well i guess the argument is that we can agree terms that suit the uk and not have to agree terms that suit the whole of the eu , which may have vastly different requirements . 
  it can also take a while for the eu to agree on things as with ceta , too many compromises may also be required for a pan eu deal ... take the a50 talks , any one country could hold the whole process hostage from my understanding . 
  edit : spelling, 
  do n't lots of countries have exceptions ? 
  who has the next most i wonder ? 
  i guess they do n't output so much now as they once did ? 
  i 'm not sure how well for example greek music sells internationally where as the uk does do quite well . 
  well it says : `` the idea of the good country index is simple : to measure what each country on earth contributes to the common good of humanity , and what it takes away , relative to its size . '', 
  ... so maybe the usa lost a few points based on size ? 
  it wont stop , but you can make it burn out more quickly by mentioning 350 mil to nhs , then both sides trading xenophobic comments , then some a50 comments , then some tantrums ... lets consider that all done and no more brexit in this topic ? 
  good , job done . 
  indeed , she 's not in an easy position in regards to brexit , but this seems an obvious move , to be fair this is based on my basic understanding of the issues involved , but i cant see what she has to loose here . 
  agreed , it 's petty for us to consider this a point to be negotiated . 
  these are friends and neighbours regardless of the eu position on reciprocity . 
  i 'd be quite proud if we preempted a50 with this , but i doubt we will . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're both correct here . 
  nobody is asking for negotiations . 
  if this is a bargaining chip then fine if it is n't then no negotiation is required and the eu 's position can be made clear regardless of brexit happening or not happening . 
  if it is a bargaining chip and being leveraged ... as i said , despicable ... both from the uk and the eu . 
   it 'd not equally despicable . 
  the eu is n't going to negotiate brexit until article 50 is triggered . 
  that 's all this is . 
  and if this is to form part of the a50 negotiations that position is fine , if it wo n't then nothing is stopping the eu . 
  weaselling out of it based on a self imposed technicality is not worthy of the organisation it aspires to be . 
  only if either party considers people 's right to remain a bargaining chip . 
  the eu ( including the uk for now ) is free to set policy on that matter regardless of anyone triggering a50 . 
  a blanket policy on the rights of citizens if their country leaves the eu . 
  waiting til a50 is entirely self imposed by the eu on this matter , it 's convenient to hide behind that , but nobody is forcing the eu to do so . 
  unless it is of course planning to barter for the rights of citizens in which case it sets a precedent that the uk must plan to do the same . 
  both sides are playing chicken on this issue and it 's equally despicable in my opinion . 
  i 'd tend to agree , i have issues with our london focused economy but its not for london to sort out . 
  scotland as a region of the uk ( not saying it 's not also a country with it 's own regions ) has a strong voice . 
  london has a strong voice ... we 're pretty much then left with the rest of the uk having a chorus of weak voices . 
  it 's down to the rest of us to sort that out and devolved regional assemblies seem the best solution in my opinion . 
  as with most things brexit , that would depend on who you ask . 
  i do n't believe the president of the usa can fire all the supreme court judges ? 
  made me chuckle , 
  well it is [ world sauntering day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_sauntering_day ) , 
  it 'll be ok , the rock is thinking of running in 2020 , he 'll sort things out , 
  not necessarily , from what i understand it depends on the type of visa the person has . 
  this is for tier 2 , if you 're on a tier 2 visa you do n't qualify for welfare . 
  you have entered the country with a job offer as a skilled worker . 
  they really need to make some noise if they are unemployed , then perhaps we can address the current skills shortage , 
  with it , my guess is we 'll just pay it , 2k is n't a massive amount , hell it has been 1k for a very short time and that has made no difference to our hiring practices where i 'm based . 
  sovereign states with a representative remarking on unity , hence the discussion . 
  we 'll have to wait an see what the result is , unity will be in how the eu is willing to negotiate to achieve best result for the border . 
  perhaps so , its a shame though , if unity is hard to come by when it involves helping members but easy to come by when it involves members leaving there is a long way to go . 
  one would hope the eu does n't need to muster unprecedented unity for brexit . 
  it begs the question why this unity was not mustered for say the migration crisis or the financial crash . 
  i 'm sure brexit is important but the eu 's unity should not be so fickle . 
  no free trade means no tariffs for specific things it is not a zero sum game . 
  if you 're not sure what the agreement with canada does and does not cover there is documentation available . 
  i see well by your definition we have free movement with half the world currently so under those terms i dont expect an issue  under those terms the uk would be free to set a quota and deny entry for any reason they like as long as they are the standard rules applied to all temporary visas . 
  this is n't the freedom of movement under the 4 freedoms however as if it was there would have been no brexit !, 
  i did n't mention freedom of movement , sorry i should have been more clear . 
  what i was thinking was `` tariff-free access to the internal market for uk goods and services '' from what i understand they have limited access to services for example ?
