i 'm not sure most people in the uk care to be honest , we 're very lazy about learning foreign languages so if the yanks make that less of an issue we 're 100 % behind them . 
  we 're definitely a lot less relevant as a global and cultural power but still more relevant than some . 
  all in all we could be doing a hell of a lot worse . 
  british music for example punches well above its weight globally . 
   when i 'm sick i go to the hospital . 
  i 'm confused by the hospital comment , are you saying the british do n't use hospital ? 
  for the uk : http://www.lovebritishfood.co.uk/, 
  you do n't , but they end up moving to london or a few other key areas regardless of where they where settled initially . 
  there are areas in the uk seeing a population decline and could do with more people , we ca n't force people to stay there though . 
  from that link i 'd say it 's either phil collins or david bowie ... 
  never enough farmers on reddit when you need them !, 
  does n't lidl screw over their suppliers ? 
  granted i 'm not a farmer so i could be very wrong , maybe it was only the dairy farmers ... meh i 'm way out of my area of expertise , 
  i do n't feel particularly more or less alienated by germany than in previous years , in fact i quite like germany and germans in general what has changed that we should be taking offence to ? 
  well they do mention that in the article : `` he also said ministers did not believe the action - which began in iraq a year ago - had caused civilian casualties . '', 
  the problem being often the people who own those homes do n't want people living in them . 
  i 'm not sure this crisis will prompt any change in policy over empty homes if a local housing crisis has n't . 
  so although his is an interesting fact , it wo n't help the current situation in my opinion . 
  you definitely tip at restaurants in the uk . 
  i 'm not sure why your friend would have said that . 
  just not to the same level as the states . 
  i 'd be surprised if 99 % of us brits know who he is to be honest . 
  well if america brings in free pizza every day , eventually you stop packing your own lunch and just go with it . 
  at least the uk brings a nice garlic and herb dip on occasion , 
  yes the government is very keen when it comes fudging the figures . 
  but this is the government we have and it wont change in response to the current crisis . 
  the way it is being sold over here is that we have a higher aid budget than the other countries in the eu . 
  that taking in migrants and refugees is n't solving the problem but incentivising it ( where migrants are concerned making it worse for the refugees ) . 
  that taking refuges vetted from camps reduces the chances of economic migrants being taken . 
  granted the numbers we are going to take is very low compared to some other nations , but then that we have a conservative government currently and the low numbers is n't a surprising response from them . 
  well i 'm not sure anyone should be surprised by that . 
  as a brit who is ambivalent about the eu in general and on the fence about the whole brexit thing . 
  the eu really digging in and helping greece would likely sway me in it 's favour . 
  as to what form that help should come in though , i have no idea ... 
  i think in many aspects certain members of the eu need to improve their attitude towards descenting voices as much as the uk needs to be more cooperative . 
  as if asking for opt outs is having a tantrum rather then voicing a legitimate position . 
  the uk is going to be awkward and complain . 
  germany is going to act as though it does n't have a disproportionate influence within the eu . 
  greece is going to get screwed over by the rest of us ... we know this , but we are n't going to change , so lets accept it and move on . 
  it 's dysfunctional but it works for the most part . 
   he common travel area exists astride schengen does n't it exist separate from schengen ? 
  the uk and the republic of ireland having both opted out ? 
  i 'm not sure it is in any way impacted by the brexit ? 
  but to join schengen the republic of ireland would have to leave the common travel area ? 
  you 'd still have to lose the common travel area to join schengen . 
  regardless of the uks position . 
  do you think a uk exit would make the common travel area less valuable ? 
  i suppose losing the common travel are would mean borders with northern ireland ? 
  and all the time sealand is suspiciously quiet ... 
  to be fair they could buy my vote with food ... 
  i 'm on the fence but a free pasty or two could make all the difference . 
  in this analogy the eu is you girlfriends apartment ? 
  so you 're saying the eu is something the uk has no vested interest in and is just a guest ? 
  i 'm not sure this works . 
  i 'd say its more like a big house share situation and the uk might want to move in to it 's own place but stay friends . 
  hanging out is still cool , but some in the uk do n't like sharing the remote and just want to watch re-runs of only fools and horses . 
  i 'm not sure who the girlfriend would be ... maybe the usa ... but then if she 's everyone 's girlfriend the house share has become far more complicated , 
  it 's likely more a symptom of the world 's view of ireland than the british view ... the uk and ireland often get conflated . 
  this could lead to mistakes about nationality . 
  as one nation had to fight for independence from the other they would understandably be more sensitive about the issue . 
  bad journalism certainly but not something i see the british public perpetuating ... perhaps confirmation bias is involved to one degree or another ? 
  a large proportion i 'd say , it 'll be down the sense of national identity rather than economics in my opinion . 
  unless a very convincing and tangible economic augment can be made either way . 
  seems like you 're not fond of british youth from the 90s then , 
   so the working time directive should be save . 
  you often get `` asked '' to opt out anyway , it does n't really mean much . 
  seems broadly in line with what i 'd expect . 
  did n't hitler get rid of hitler ? 
   to a war that had nothing to do with us ? 
  there seems to have been a big policy change since then !, 
   seriously though how many people in the states we 're 1st , 2nd or even 3rd generation european immigrants ? 
  genocide on a massive scale ? 
  it has enough to do with america , but waiting a while was better economically . 
  it 's the least you could do for turning up late , 
  in that case is n't the issue with the ottoman empire rather than the british empire ? 
  it 's an argument for taking them , but granted not an argument against giving them back . 
  how is it racism ? 
  did n't elgin have a permit to take them ? 
  also did n't the ones he did n't take get destroyed ? 
  i say team effort ... well done all !, 
  filters not on by default are still fine , all they need to do is stop putting it on by default . 
   from actual reality ; you are given a choice when you first sign on , one that you can later change . 
  ok i understand maybe some providers gave you a choice but that 's not what this is about , they are not covered by this ruling see here for filters on by default : for example with sky : https://corporate.sky.com/media-centre/our-blog/2015/sky-broadband-shield-rolling-out-to-all-our-customers `` customers can activate sky broadband shield , adjust or decline it at any time . 
  or they can simply wait for us to turn it on . '', 
   they are not . 
  when you first connect to an isp it gives you a yes or no option . 
  from the article : it will require the removal of filters that prevent people from viewing online pornography , unless they have specifically `` opted in . '', 
  i think the issue is they were opt-out filters that were on by default . 
  not that they exist at all . 
  parents ` should ' be capable of enabling them if they wish . 
  i 'd argue the eu 's ability to cope with the crisis will influence people 's opinions of the institution world wide , the uk is n't immune from this . 
  also it seems eu budget that we all must pay in to has been increased in part to help pay for managing the crisis . 
  i 'd imagine anyone who actively opposed leave would have grounds to vote against it . 
  i suppose it depends on how much they want to keep their seat vs how much they believe the uk should remain in the eu . 
  if you 're going to go out swinging , this is n't the worst time to take a stand . 
  say no and change the subject . 
  `` that 's not going to happen , lets move on '' for example . 
  it 's mainly the wizarding schools ... top notch ... 
  i tried ... did n't work ... too much to keep track of at once ... focused on the food too much and got distracted with what i wanted for tea . 
   i thought the goal was to infect the world with inferior and weak tea .
