  this is n't in my experience a european trait just people being assholes thinking they can get away with it . 
  i guess we should wait until the a50 negotiations are underway before getting too outraged based on our predictions of how the discussions around settling the bill will go . 
  obviously the eu wants the uk to pay and uk wants to reduce the amount . 
  as to what the payments are for , i 'm sure they will individually be justified and debated in excruciating detail ... fun times !, 
   which is probably why they 're negotiating about the bill itself , instead of just asking the uk to pay the 60b . 
  this is what the article is about , whether we talk about the bill , and then about the trade agreement , or talk about both simultaneously . 
  well yes that is all covered in the article , but nowhere in there does it say the uk is trying to walk away from commitments , just that those commitments may have to be settled prior to trade talks . 
  i would n't say controversial , just not really based on where we are now with brexit . 
  the discussions are ongoing but the course has remained constant . 
  pretending it has not does us no good regardless of how people voted . 
  most likely , yes , unfortunately it is n't that clear , which is why we 're having the court case in ireland . 
  there is nothing to say one can not withdraw a50 , this needs to be settled as a point of law even if the uk does not try and withdraw . 
   the house is just an analogy . 
  i understand , i 'm just saying the analogy does n't hold as the topic is n't that clear cut . 
  each payment must be justified individually and there is an argument to be made for offsetting a few of those payments against the loss of shared eu assets . 
   a similar analogy would be : you and i come into a contract to build a house of which we both would share for 500 euro . 
  you and i would contribute half of it and by instalments . 
  the construction started , and half way into the construction you decided to pull out . 
  i 'm not sure that works , in that scenario if we still paid we 'd end up with a share of the houses which in this case is n't very likely ... but i would expect the uk government to try and reduce the liability based on shared eu assets , how successful they 'll be at that though i 'm not so sure . 
  well there does n't seem to be any real mechanism in place to stop brexit currently so i 'd be very surprised if it does n't happen . 
  if there is a ruling on if we can revoke a50 then perhaps , but if we cant , i 'd say the momentum is behind leaving and it 's all but inevitable . 
  especially after a50 is invoked . 
  usually you do n't pay out on things the company is funding either , i 'm not sure the analogy of leaving a job works for us here . 
  hah if only our government and civil service was in a position to be a machiavellian as you 'd like them to be . 
  we cant even assemble a negotiating team never-mind mastermind the downfall of the eu  edit : spelling, 
  exactly , we 'll have to wait and see what happens . 
  it and important but currently unknown outcome , we can only speculate for now . 
  i 'm sure it was , still does n't mean many brits paid attention , try asking someone in the uk who their own mep is for example . 
  yeah i see that , it just seems in the short term at least this locks down netflix rather than opens it up . 
  i 'm willing to bet with brexit looming the uk content providers may try and dodge the late 2018 deadline so the uk might not see any benefit for our tail end of eu membership . 
  a step that needs to be taken none the less if the eu wants to open this up . 
  well its good for us if we travel in europe , bad for us if we 'd like access to any other netflix library . 
  on balance i 'd rather have the latter and use a vpn for the former . 
  this is n't a clear benefit like roaming though . 
  is this a good thing for most people ? 
   what do you mean ? 
  netflix are n't going to put anything into practice . 
  the eu is doing away with roaming fees . 
  they are indeed but the topic at hand ( as seen be the title of the press release ) is : `` digital single market : eu negotiators agree on new rules allowing europeans to travel and enjoy online content services across borders '' which has nothing to do with roaming fees . 
  netflix is an online content service . 
  so for example a german netflix account must allow you access to you home content anywhere in the eu . 
  the downside is that netflix would have to lock you to this country 's account so it knows which one to serve up when you travel . 
  so this is n't great news if your country 's netflix catalogue is lacking or if you want to access the catalogue of another country when travelling of via vpn . 
  i 'm pretty sure most brits do n't know you had one referendum , we 're not the most informed on our own eu activities never minds those of our neighbours , 
  hoping it takes some time for netflix to put this in to practice , it 's not a great result for the uk that we 'd potentially be locked to one region . 
  i guess this really only helps for local tv network online content . 
  it potentially makes netflix worse for eu members . 
  maybe not though , will wait and see . 
  yes lots of things will be affected by the uk leaving , they just are n't all related to the payments the eu will be seeking . 
  i thought we 'd decided we do n't want the kebab ? 
  well it 's free in scotland so i guess some eu students will now be paying more also ? 
  i mean these are just general consequences , they do n't seem necessarily related to the bill for leaving the eu . 
  obviously brexit has financial consequences but they do n't really effect our liability for existing eu commitments . 
  i 'm sure his position is i 'm going to leave the eu and stop paying for it . 
  likely the whole reason for the 2 years is things like this are n't as simple as we 'd all like them to be . 
  the uk will obviously end up paying something towards existing commitments but they 'll likely have to be justified on an individual basis in excruciating detail . 
  they may need to reconsider studying in the eu if their loan does n't cover it ... 
  i 'm not sure this is the same money the eu is expecting to recoup from the uk though is it ? 
  which goes back to why i said cooler heads would be handling the negotiations . 
  uk and eu states are only lead by public opinion to a point . 
  as wallonia , romania , bulgaria could hold ctea hostage the eu is bound to its own internal politics that may very well delay and a50 agreements . 
  to say that public opinion will not factor in to eu member states decisions is perhaps a little idealistic , the uk is n't the only country in the eu with an outspoken public . 
  and there is appetite in europe for a little schadenfreude . 
  speculation is the consequence as i said of the absence of any real news due to a50 not being triggered . 
  again , there is fault to be found on both sides of brexit 's debate , but one must be careful to listen to those who have a real input on the process from which there has been precious little so far . 
  for some this is not business but personal , but it remains to be seen how the key players will conduct themselves and to what extent public pressure does weigh on either side . 
  again , likely cooler heads making the real decisions . 
  unfortunately the eu has fallen in to a similar trap that it now has to be seen to punish the uk for leaving . 
  that and it will have to get any agreement past the remaining eu member states , being hostage to public opinion is going to be the theme of a50 . 
  it 's easy for one side to find all the fault is with the other , but this just is n't the case . 
  this was never going to be ideal , the uk government did n't expect to have to leave . 
  the uk has been shambolic at best sorting this out but most of the sour tone seems to be cooked up by the press in the vacuum of any real facts . 
  the eu has n't wavered on it 's position and the uk has only just announced it 's position . 
  any tone has been set by the press and adopted by the public , there is no real news save the racists and xenophobes a having field day on the speculation . 
  if you 're in the uk and hate europe it 's a field day and visa versa . 
  it 's not any different , but one side cant say that their position is just being firm , but the other 's side positions are threats . 
  the uk saying an independent scotland keeping the pound would be problematical at best , was not a threat , it was a fact . 
  the eu is being frank and firm with where it stands and the uk is working up to this also , just because one side does n't like where the other stands , does not make their position a threat , regardless of where you stand . 
  that 's a view prevalent on both sides of brexit , you 're with us or against us ... hopefully cooler heads are the ones making the decisions . 
  sounds awfully dramatic ... does this mean slightly more low key john le carr\u00e9 style novels for this particular cold war ? 
  yeah i get it , but it 's people with thinly veiled xenophobia suddenly having an outlet for it , there is n't a good way to respond without encouraging more of the same . 
  sometimes it helps to vent , people know it is n't true . 
  just let people run out of steam . 
  there is potential for the house of lords to stall the issued id expect . 
  in this case i suspect the promises may very well mean nothing and form part of the negotiations . 
  the eu just needs to define what it considers a cherry and what it does not ... no cherry picking is as ambiguous as brexit means brexit . 
  i suspect this stance will not be made clear until after a50 begins , so i suppose we are all free to guess up until then ? 
  true enough , but to be fair retaining single market access was the view of individuals not of a political campaign . 
  nobody joined a party or voted for a group , this was a yes no referendum which everyone chose to vote on based on their own conscience for good or ill , they owe no allegiance to the vote leave or vote remain campaigns . 
  they certainly cant be held responsible for view of individuals expressed during the campaign . 
  i does n't necessarily matter if they have voted for le pen they still are n't obliged to subscribe to her view of the crimea . 
  the only unifying opinion brexiters had were on a yes or no vote , their expectations for the outcomes are as varied as the next mans . 
  breixters as a group are far to varied to say as a whole they believe strongly in much else apart from leaving the eu . 
  edit : spelling, 
  some did yes , but then some people think the world revolves around them . 
  i understand it 's tempting to focus the vocal brexiters who are still deluded enough to think their world view can come in to being through sheer force of will , but they do n't represent the uk as a whole any more than marine le pen 's comments on the crimea are representative of the french opinion of that situation . 
  there we go then !, 
  indeed the proof will be in the pudding , but looking for threats when to be honest all may did was point out the obvious seems to be the remit of the press and armchair politicians rather than a serious position from anyone of significance in the eu . 
  i 'd guess to draw a line , the statement in and of itself does n't really add anything . 
  i 'm sure the eu fully expects the uk not to take a deal worse than no deal , the eu are n't likely to propose one either , they are n't idiots .
