  but as it stands i have friends and family all over the place and it simply is n't practical to arrange a weekly meeting down my local to catch up . 
  although this would be my preference  using facebook has nothing to do with social skills is a convenient way for people to stay in touch , share photos . 
  lets not pretend social media is just a bunch of geeks living in their basement afraid of the world . 
  it 's closer to the truth now that those that avoid it are lacking in social ability , expecting the sea to turn back because they 've made an arbitrary decision that they know better than the rest of society and would like special treatment going forward . 
  i 'm not sure now is the best time for europe to go picking fights ... we have stuff on , ca n't asia handle it ? 
  this does n't signal a change in policy as such , just an attempt to better manage an existing policy due to escalating issues at the port . 
  we 're not reducing our foreign aid or altering our stance on migrant issues . 
  we will try and make the french deal with this issue in a passive aggressive way though because , well ... that 's europe , 
  it 's nothing to do with tolerance in my opinion it 's being easily lead by the media . 
  i 'm quite sure most people here do n't know what a burka is . 
  people are just looking for overly simplistic solutions to complex problems . 
  europe in general ( never mind france or the uk ) does n't have a great history with tolerance , but most countries are trying . 
  there certainly are n't any countries in europe that stand out as being a bastion of tolerance given the reactions to the current refugee influx . 
  or sauces ? 
  that 's key though , most people do n't realise or do n't care at this point how much is at risk . 
  they have this intangible gain measured against and intangible loss , so they 're free to assume whatever they like . 
  how many people do you really think worry about that on a daily basis ? 
  i 'm not saying that there is n't trouble coming , just that for most it 's not real until it happens . 
  i do n't think this is the case , at least not universally so , apart from bluster from some people . 
  i 'd say many realise we 'll be loosing out financially as a country but believe it 's worth the cost ... which is fine until the cost becomes tangible and impacts you directly . 
  well that 's being asked a direct question on it , other than that nobody would think to discuss it in my experience . 
  there certainly is n't a sense of nostalgia . 
  i suppose they might need to start somewhere . 
  they can always scale up if required . 
  it does n't necessarily follow that because we ( uk ) do n't have a comparably bad view of muslims that it makes us more inclined to want additional refugees . 
  the uk is n't having it 's best day with regards to immigration as a topic so you 're unlikely to get assistance from us any time soon for political reasons if nothing else . 
  it seems it benefits almost every other country to leave this problem with greece and i cant see the uk meeting its existing commitments never mind making additional ones . 
  you make a hamburger with cheese ? 
  that they have indeed taken them and not come over and just gone on benefits ? 
  hmm i can still see several reasons why waiting would also benefit the uk and looming issues for the eu but then it all gets rather partisan does n't it ? 
  suffice it so day we 'll all be happier with some momentum rather than the current storm of nonsense !, 
  to be fair surely not having a plan is exactly the reason to delay triggering it ? 
  granted it is n't the problem of anyone else , but does that matter when the uk is the one that gets to make the decision on when to trigger article 50 ? 
  again not having personnel is not anyone else 's problem , but this is n't anyone else 's decision ... why would the uk not get the right people in place or at least start that process ? 
  is it better for the uk to trigger article 50 to placate the rest of the eu ? 
  i 'm not so sure , we 'll be on a bad footing either way , a bad footing with a plan sounds better does n't it ? 
  perhaps this hints at the issue , there does n't seem to be anything tangible on the table that would be gained by invoking article 50 sooner rather than later . 
  the postilion of no negotiations until article 50 has been invoked has both benefits and drawbacks . 
  should the uk do whats best for europe or whats best for the uk ? 
  it 's not an easy choice , but i 'd hope we 'd come to a compromise in the next week or two once the pm and `` brexit czar '' are settled in . 
  i do n't agree that it necessarily started with the british press , the relationships in europe have been around a lot longer than the current incarnations of the tabloids , it 's just some papers choose to exacerbate the issues . 
  i do find if you can calm down the nonsense on reddit now and again you can have a genuine discussion on why people react the way they do . 
  sometimes it 's not worth the bother , but now and again you can get past the childish comments and people turn out to be better than their initial interactions indicate . 
  as with you i 'm used to people passing out insults and often with no good reason , but i 'll still call them on it now and then . 
  it 's not like the british get together and write the daily mail by committee sniggering with evil laughter ... so i 'm not sure we can be held collectively responsible for its content . 
  we 'll need em if sealand invades !, 
  that 's fair and if a specific point was raised we could have discussed it , but that was n't the case . 
  do you think perhaps maybe the british people are becoming less inclined to our european neighbours because of attitudes like this ? 
  in my opinion we we 're having a nice chat but somehow someone felt entitled to insult my country and my culture . 
  it bad form and unnecessary . 
  because it 's the internet people expect not to be called out on that , but sometimes you need to speak up when someone is out of order . 
  you always have the opportunity to treat people with respect mate . 
  have a good evening , think i 've gone waaaaay of topic anyway , 
  it 's not about feelings its about treating people with respect . 
  there 's no need to go around trying to pick fights . 
  i get it it 's the internet and you can say things safe from real consequences , but try just having a nice chat for once , it 's way less confrontational and people may listen to you rather than react to you . 
  no you just decided you have the right to insult someone else culture with no good reason , if you have a genuine issue with the english we could discuss it , but you just resorted to name calling and things went from civil to childish in 5 seconds flat , whats the point in that ? 
  thats not cool mate , what have i done to you ? 
  nothing , be nice . 
  the british empire is almost never mentioned in the uk unless we 're being accused of being nostalgic by someone not from the uk . 
  if not for that we 'd likely go on with our lives without mentioning it once we leave high school . 
  i do n't see why people believe we 're obsessed with it , is france particularly nostalgic for it 's empire ? 
  if you disagree with the eu is it out of love for your lost empire ? 
  slightly further to the right if my rather basic knowledge is anything to go by . 
  she is a proponent of increased domestic surveillance ( see snoopers charter ) for example . 
  do you think the british are universally popular in the eu ? 
  try going to france and not mentioning some of you speak french and see the comments they can make behind your back or to you face expecting you wont understand . 
  but it could be much worse and certainly is n't in the same league as this sort of attack . 
  it seems both the eu and the uk have very strong feelings on the topic , else there would n't be any issues . 
  meh lets wait til the negotiations and then we 'll have the real drama , 
  and there lies the problem , if they have n't been asked or wont give a position we have no idea what is being considered ... and likely wont until article 50 is triggered and things get more vocal on both sides . 
  from what i understand certain conservative leadership candidates have disagreed as to the position of eu nationals in the uk . 
  some saying they should stay and some saying that would depend on the eu position with regards to uk nationals . 
  it would be just as accurate to say the eu is planning on treating uk nationals in other eu countries as hostages or bargaining chips if no side has come out with a definitive position yet . 
  indeed they 've dismantled it in two very impressive and equally destructive ways . 
  oh yes our probation service is now much improved i 'm sure pos have universally lauded grayling and gove for the sterling work they have done . 
  i 'm sure the teachers and those in the justice sector will be overjoyed this man wants to run the country !, 
  i 'm struggling to think of a more hated politician in uk politics ... 
  there was some , but i would n't say a lot ... perhaps it was more visible if you were scottish . 
  most people i know were n't fussed either way . 
  it 'd be interesting to see if they can kick a country out that has n't formally submitted their intention to leave . 
  another shill of the far red movement ... 
  to be fair they also kind of pulled up the ladder on decent pensions , being able to buy our own home and free university education . 
  the current generation is worse off than their parents and they certainly did n't do it to themselves . 
  and the gingers ... gloriously subversive flame-haired political saboteurs that they are !, 
  scotland will not be on it 's own , they are still british and will always be an important ally and trading partner no matter their status with regards to the uk . 
  the uk 's allies will also remain the same , it 's not as dramatic as all that . 
  because the eu is the only possible future for cooperation in europe ... its almost like the uk has n't been a group of cooperating countries in europe for far longer than the eu . 
  by the current european attitude to the uk the ruk should seek to destroy scotland economically if they leave because that 's what cooperation is all about . 
  well they 'd need to opt out of freedom of movement too which i do n't think is possible . 
  otherwise you 'd be able to fly to scotland with no visa and just walk in to the uk . 
  yeah i 'd assume they 'd need to meet entry requirements , join the euro etc. 
  just like everything else it 'll be a mess to sort out , certainly not easy or a forgone conclusion . 
  it 's true ... absolutely no guilt whatsoever ... odd sense of pride if anything ... that said most of us know almost nothing bout the british empire 's history , good or bad . 
  it 's usually only mentioned when someone not from the uk disagrees with someone or something from the uk . 
  every decision we make is apparently a secret attempt to revive the empire !!, 
  why would everyone switch on their tvs at once ? 
  some might be watching something else then switch over ... or perhaps watch it regardless of who is playing . 
  i 'm not sure there are more tv in use during the euros , i 'd say people are more likely to watch at the pub in many cases . 
  [ the real disaster ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/10/eu-to-launch-kettle-and-toaster-crackdown-after-brexit-vote2/ ) will be avoided .
