  you 'd need to ask the mole men ... everyone knows that !, 
  yep , we 're sending them through the star gate !, 
  then harnessing the power of our badger-cyborg army to finally defeat our ancient enemies the mole men in their fortress at the centre of the earth !, 
  the secret 3rd option of brexit ... 
  well they may well be , but the ship has sailed on their effect on our culture and cuisine . 
  i think the bland food was sorted by the immigration from india , pakistan and the west indies etc to be honest . 
  not that europe does n't enrich our choices but they have n't been bland for a little while now . 
  you could make an agreement about our ability on average to cook from scratch a decent meal , but not our options to eat one . 
  this going to become a big issue , in my opinion . 
  if the a50 negotiations go badly for the uk , which it may very well do . 
  the xenophobia people have seen up until this point may very well pale in comparison . 
  to be fair eu culture is quite a broad term . 
  the older generation especially are used to commonwealth immigrants but not yet used to the volume of european immigrants , so being from europe is not necessarily a positive in that regard . 
  for example grandparents had trouble accepting people from india , pakistan and the west indies . 
  now it 'd be tough to imagine the uk without that influence . 
  that 's fair , i donate to the nspcc and i expect the majority of that goes to fund uk based projects . 
  which i suppose is filling a gap the state could be meeting . 
  this is only if you have no fixed office , like a travelling sales rep for example . 
  from my experience uk democracy does n't work for quite a few parts of the uk . 
  if anything i find the english get annoyed at the scottish for assuming that somehow being screwed over by westminster is more palatable because it 's in england . 
  scotland stands it ground much better than some areas of the uk and i guess that causes a little resentment , when in fact perhaps england needs stronger regional voices of its own . 
  that 's not what still game leads me to believe !, 
   also i noticed they refer to where i come from as europe , so many do n't think uk is in europe . 
  most people i know when using the term europe use it to mean mainland europe , so not necessarily intending to imply we are n't in europe but that we are n't part of mainland europe ... which understandably sounds like we 're distancing ourselves which is n't always the intention , although granted sounds like its the result . 
  to be fair the uk economy was doing pretty good all things considered , that 's one of the contradictions of brexit . 
  the working class got especially hard done by with regards to austerity and picked a scapegoat with a large amount of help from toxic british press . 
  with the eu taking an understandable hard line they pretty much play in to the narrative of the daily mail and co. . . the drama is self sustaining now , but to me was more a result of tabloids and government policy rather than the economy as a whole . 
  it 's all in the spin though , prices going up ? 
  blame it on the eu for damaging our economy , no need to let the fact it was our decision get in the way . 
  and pie ... preferably the two at the same time . 
  true , nobody on either side has guaranteed these sorts of rights as far as i know ... 
  the eu could say they do n't need to as a50 has n't been triggered . 
  i 'd argue though that if it was n't in the eu 's opinion a matter for a50 negotiations then i expect it could be declared at this very moment as a matter of general policy rather than one specific to a potential brexit . 
  that said i 'd rather it was n't one of the `` main cards '' if people have made their home here , that should be the end of it . 
  ... and also comments about comments like theirs ... almost as if these brexit threads are lacking originality !, 
  perhaps just a tacit excuse for light racism or xenophobia ... it 's not europe 's best days regardless of where on the map you call home . 
  oh well westworld was ok and i think we 're having steak for tea , 
  the sub does seem to have a fetish for telegraph and daily mail articles criticising europe . 
  which seems to give tacit permission to criticise the uk in general in the comments . 
  it 's a lovely circle of drama . 
  in my view and it 's at best anecdotal , people vote further right because the eu is a safety net for the uk on much of what the left stands for . 
  if the eu was n't there we 'd have to reconsider what we have to gain or lose with regards to elections . 
  to be fair brits fought in ww2 because poland was invaded , i 'm not sure any of that would matter to thugs in either country . 
  the uk is free to negotiate on it , it will just involve a significantly less favourable trading access with europe , which is one of the possible outcomes and seems quite likely in the short term if something cant be settled in the 2 year time frame . 
  i suppose the fact that this article and the additional one you linked uses the same quote which seems to only reference people currently working and living in the uk is a bit confusing , does he ever mention rights for future immigration elsewhere ? 
  `` v4 countries will be uncompromising . 
  unless we feel a guarantee that these people [ living and working in britain ] are equal , we will veto any agreement between the eu and britain '' my thoughts are that people currently there should absolutely not be used as a bargaining chip and should feel that this is their home , but future immigration ( post brexit ) should be on the table to be negotiated . 
  i 'm not sure what the threat is . 
  the article implies that they will not compromise on their current rights to live and work in britain , but the quote implies he wants to guarantee equality for people living and working in britain ( currently ) ... these seem like two different things to me . 
  one is applicable to current migrants one to future migrants ... or have i missed something ? 
  well the eu did n't have to do very much , the eu already has teams for negotiating it just picked from the existing pool . 
  that 's the root of the problem the uk has n't needed a team because the eu does this for us currently . 
  the thing that is seriously wrong in the background is we have no team qualified to do this . 
  we have no recent experience in how to do this and we have no concrete plans on what it is we need to do . 
  so we need to assemble a team from scratch ... which will take time . 
  there does n't need to be an added secret layer of issues , the already known issues are enough reason for the delay . 
  you do n't announce a team before its ready , i expect notations are going on . 
  when you get high profile people in they often want their own teams . 
  its not just the front line but all the support staff , legal experts etc ... 
  i 'm not sure why people think this can be done in a short time span . 
  i expect also a lot of people are refusing , in all likelihood they have their own plans and this drama will thrust anyone involved in to the targets of the british press for one thing . 
  hah , not intentionally , 
  its not really about the best deal but having a competent team , that may take time to set up . 
  this is n't he time to just have a go and see what happens in my opinion . 
  if its that cut and dry i expect this good will is n't worth banking on , i 'd rather we had a half decent team than a fragile sense of good will that could very well evaporate at any moment . 
  well people have existing obligations , often talent cant simply be made to quit on the spot . 
  they then need to be familiar with the topic . 
  this takes time rather than magic . 
  seems like we need the time to get a team that is even half way decent , it does us not good to turn up with whomever we find down the pub just to get the process going . 
  whatever we lose from waiting , starting without qualified personnel will be worse would it not ? 
  this is key , many leave voters i know were left wing types and never would have voted ukip . 
  nobody has suggested social media does n't have its limits , just that it is not a tool for the socially inept . 
  images on facebook are only private from other users and not from the company . 
  there are certainly issues with facebook in this regard but that does n't make its users geeks and nerds , although they may want to consider sharing photos through a less restrictive platform , which will likely be a form of social media . 
  would you say `` i do n't telephone people i prefer real life ? '' that does n't make sense to me . 
  social media and other communications technologies are tools for use in real life . 
  again nobody that i know of has stopped meeting in person because they use social media . 
  social media is a modern social skill so it follows that not being able to utilise it effectively is a lack of a social skill which leads to many people , especially the older generations missing out . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i think you 've made some fundamental misconceptions of social media . 
  in many cases you can decide who sees your content . 
  for example , we have family only picture albums ( which people can download as you could if sent by email ) . 
  it is not an alternative to meeting in person . 
  it 's as superficial as you make it , certainly not less so than email or phone calls ( you can do the equivalent of either on social media ) . 
  it simply a platform for communication , again not a replacement for people meeting in person , we all still do this !, 
  you ca n't ascribe drawbacks to social media that are caused by the way you chose to use it . 
  people do n't have more meaningful or deep interactions because they choose not to use it . 
  they 're ultimately having fewer , more restricted and more scheduled interactions , which is of course their choice . 
  but they are missing out on a lot and using social media is a social skill these days it 's far from a lack of social skills . 
  well with social media you can often choose who you include , facebook is like this for the most part . 
  so unless you seek out geeks or nerds you would be safe there . 
  people of all ages and backgrounds use it . 
  sticking to phone calls and email you 'll miss out on a lot . 
  everyone catches up in person , via email and phone calls , this has n't stopped . 
  the addition of social media means there is an ongoing conversation with the people in your life that happens alongside this . 
  i have a lot of family in canada , friends in new zealand and other places and although we chat on the phone its simply unrealistic to expect each one of them to call me to catch up regularly , i 'd be spending every waking minute on the phone . 
  the difference social media has made for my mother on staying in touch with her brother and sister in canada , their kids and grandchildren is remarkable . 
  she gets baby pics and videos , holiday snaps , video chat , instant messages , news as it happens on new jobs or big events . 
  it on the whole makes them feel a lot closer and has n't reduced the frequency of emails or phone calls but adds a whole new dimension . 
  if everyone i knew lived in walking distance of my village pub i daresay i would n't use facebook .
