some turks are masters of whataboutism . 
  you are aware that there are still 8 nuclear fission reactors active in germany , right ? 
  exiting nuclear fission for energy production was long planned and not a knee-jerk reaction . 
  there were certain extensions and exceptions in place , fukushima may have done away with those . 
  nuclear is fine , it 's just fission that is a dead-end technology with unsolvable waste problems and non-renewable fuel . 
  nuclear fusion on the other hand , that 's where things have to go . 
  quite the statement , considering that belgium has had many reactor incidents ( fires , water leaks , cracks in the reactor walls ) including emergency shut downs [ 1 ] that 's what people tend to forget when they sing about the clean wonder that is nuclear fission , most existing reactors are old , shoddy and badly maintained . 
  and that 's not even mentioning the unsolved waste problem . 
  [ 1 ] http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/01/21/world/belgiums-aging-nuclear-plants-cause-concern-among-neighbors/, 
  who 's ` we ' ? 
  sure is , but choice is hard and most people prefer easy . 
  the internet also made it easier to spend time in filter bubbles with lots of other people , which makes the echo chamber much more powerful . 
  did someone say something ? 
  i sit on the subway 25 minutes each way , so an hour ish per day . 
  5h per week seems pretty standard , depending on office location . 
  right , right . . so totally unrelated , but i think it 's time to expand our borders a little to the west ( again ) . 
  have bavaria , we do n't want it anyway . 
  bring poffertjes . 
  come join our ~ ~ army ~ ~ club , dutchbros !, 
  pretty much . 
  shame too , because it has some really pretty buildings and saxon switzerland is fucking gorgeous . 
  well , if tony blair said so ... 
  which one is that ? 
  as someone who has some family down there , i could n't tell you either ... 
   but i very well understand why weed is illegal - because the lazyness and careless it brings might damage your development ( education and career ) that 's not the reason it 's illegal . 
  you can thank failed drug policy for that , the us led war on drugs and by extension the [ single convention on narcotic drugs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single_convention_on_narcotic_drugs ) . 
  the reason for it being illegal is not that it `` makes you lazy '' ( which is also most definitely not a forgone conclusion ) , it is because we are not applying empirical evidence based decision making when shaping drug policy . 
  i 'm at ground zero , fending off the brown baby hordes . 
  send help !, 
  our constitution forbids any sort of war of aggression , our military can only be used defensively and only in accordance with the un . 
  in addition , the populace in general is very apprehensive when it comes to military action . 
  is this satire ? 
  meth ? 
  the uk may get a little frosty , what with the gulf stream blocked and all . 
  may we still bash boris though ? 
  well , we ca n't all have a xenophobia surplus like our german speaking neighbours to the south ... 
  i sure as hell would be taking it to the streets if there 's a 2008-esque bailout for that coke infested gambling train wreck . 
  i love that our current political choices essential boil down to `` more of the same old stale shit '' or `` batshit crazy sociopaths that pander to the angry mob '' . 
  good times . 
  the network effect in action . 
  does n't matter if i switch to the hippest/bestest/securest / whateverest messenger , if no one else in on there , its usefulness is limited . 
  all those wolfs care about is paw-outs !, 
  you ca n't vote for your pm either , and i ca n't i vote for my bundeskanzler . 
  that 's the job of the parliament ( well , for you it 's the queen , lol ) and it 's no different for the eu presidency , which the eu parliament decides on ( an elected governing body ), 
  we 're getting there : https://www.unrealengine.com/showcase/enlighten-real-time-global-illumination-in-unreal-engine-4, 
  and two days after 300.000 + people took their dismay about ttip and ceta to the streets . 
  kpd actually merged with the spd , which resulted in the sed . 
  that merger was enforced by the soviets and ( more importantly ) happened ** 70 years ** ago . 
  because we do n't just ban parties willy-nilly unless they are actively , and verifiably undermining our grundgesetz ( the constitution , of sorts ) . 
  the party `` die linke '' is being monitored by the verfassungsschutz , which is an intelligence service that monitors far right as well as far left groups , so it 's not like they can just do whatever they want . 
  based on your post history , you 're a trump voting american of ukrainian origin , so i could imagine that you have a very different view of things , and i am somewhat surprised that you are even posting here . 
  ah yes , always that pesky elite trying to prevent global multinational corporate lobbied trade agreements . 
  while the swabian accent is a bit annoying to northern ears , the general sentiment amongst native berliners is that rich southerners fuel the gentrification process and push locals out due to increasing rents while at the same time bringing along a sort of small-town ideology that is a bit at odds with the bohemian berlin life-style . 
  this may or may not be true , but it 's how it 's perceived . 
  we 'll join anyway . 
  it 's what we do . 
  this , i think it 's 5.50 $ and that 's a fair price . 
  pretty short train ride too . 
  yeah , after 6 goals even i was like `` alright boys , pull it back , no need to twist the knife '' . 
  yep , that 's exactly right . 
  unless you 're particularly fluent i 'm gon na switch to english . 
  i 've got places to be !, 
  found the turk , and surprise , one with a persecution complex . 
  `` everyone i do n't like is a leftist tree hugger '', 
  yeah , yay . 
  far right waking up , that worked so well the last time . 
  found the ukip voter . 
  that 's a terrible idea . 
  selective law enforcement creates all sorts of problems . 
  how about we do things that actually make a difference , instead of trying to buff out the symptoms with corrosive laws/decrees ? 
  not every pragmatist is a tree-hugging leftist , you know . 
  and that 's why you do n't shit on individual liberties for populist purposes . 
  i dislike regressive and archaic customs as much as the next guy , but lets not pollute the law books with misguided and useless laws like the one that got shot down . 
  good . 
  our car companies have been asleep at the wheel when it comes to electric , the more pressure from foreign companies the better . 
  sweet , i ca n't wait to see that mission accomplished banner waving in the wind !, 
  make lard great again !, 
  my trip around the balkans was eye opening in that regard . 
  well , semi opening , i squinted a lot due to all the smoke . 
  worst was serbia . 
  never seen that much smoking , and i live in berlin where there 's plenty of smoking . 
  also smoking . 
  so , so much smoking . 
  i find it is unethical to directly profit off armed conflicts . 
  my country has a pretty small military , i do n't see why germany should produce more weaponry than it needs to preserve its interests . 
  does it ? 
  i 'd argue that total output is the more relevant metric . 
  that is a very one sided view on things , ignoring the fact that proxy wars between superpowers are being fought in the me . 
  having minds infested with an archaic believe system does n't help , that 's for sure , but to put the blame for the situation entirely onto the me is disingenuous at best . 
  here 's another thing that has to stop : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arms_industry#world.27s_largest_arms_exporters, 
  the austrians know a thing or two about the topic ^ ^ ^ j/k , ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  the truth is n't black or white , shocking . 
  if everybody were to use some common sense instead of jerking off inside their own filter bubbles , we would n't be in this mess . 
  pragmatism is truly lost these days . 
  how about we implement actually useful measures like improving education and pumping money in prevention and changing the way we act on a geopolitical stage ( germany is the 5th largest arms exporter , go fucking figure ) instead of pushing through useless laws that ban clothing that a ) wo n't do shit against the root cause of fundamentalism and b ) is bullshit anyway , solely pushed to appease the law & order crowd . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  far left thinks they do the right thing , far right thinks they do the right thing , but no one uses fucking common sense and everyone lets their emotions run wild instead . 
  i 've never seen a burqa in germany , ever . 
  i 've seen a few people wearing niqabs though , do you mean those ? 
  not that i approve of either , but the difference matters if we 're talking about banning clothing ( as useless as that would be , imho ) .
