  [ citation needed ], 
  we have our own brand of terrible tabloids ( bild ) , but even that shit rag is basically the nyt compared to the vicious uk tabloids . 
  needs more a 's . 
  yeah well i 've got shit to do . 
  i 'm doing my part in the election booth and by talking to people , i only tend to take it to the streets when things are really dire . 
  i remember coming home from school and most of if not all the news websites were down . 
  checked the forums i frequented at the time to see what the hell was going on and saw that something big had happened in the us , so i turned on the tv when both towers were still standing and watched what was about to unfold . 
  i was a dumb teenager back then , so i did n't really feel the horror of it , more a mixture of morbid interest that something big had happened , it took a while to really sink in . 
  not a purely turkish phenomenon , or have you forgotten what happened in the us and in front of our own doorstep with brexit ? 
  pineapple master race !, 
  had my first bitterballen this year . 
  with mustard , best drunk food ever !, 
  it 's a very literal translation of upvote , . 
  / r/de is full of these . 
  `` erdolf '' is also a popular term . 
  not sure if accidental past tense or cynicism . 
  well , now i feel bad . 
  have a german hochw\u00e4hl . 
  psh , no-ones asking non-eu countries . 
  noticed that in sydney too . 
  it 's either buff or fat . 
  they also have a ridiculously high consumption of salt per capita . 
   it was nothing but a temporary restriction for all nationals . 
  it was poorly thought out , poorly coordinated and poorly executed . 
  just because you can just shit out eos like there 's no tomorrow , does n't mean you should , especially without vetting them properly and ensuring that all involved agencies are on board and ready . 
  that 's the main criticism that is levied against trump , that him and his cabinet are dysfunctional and unprofessional . 
  the devil you know . 
  same . 
  i feel much , much more aligned to the us culturally , but in terms of reliability , stability and predictability , i do n't know , since the orange menace took office in the us , i 'm inclined to give that to china . 
  these are just alternative facts . 
  do n't forget nafri , a recent crowd pleaser . 
  maybe you inform yourself about the definition of human dignity , before you call it `` stupid '' or discard it for misguided economic reasons , as that term has a specific legal meaning . 
  not arguing for or against that , just saying that human dignity is non-negotiable . 
  in germany it 's the very first paragraph of the constitution , in a section that can not be changed ever . 
  so whatever we do , human dignity can not go out of the window . 
  the way it 's currently handled is a cluster fuck for sure , but if we start to file ` human dignity ' under ` stupid things ' then that 's not just a slippery slope , it 's a slip & slide . 
  relax my good vriend , it 's a joke . 
  feel free to provide a more appropriate map or maybe go for a relaxing walk . 
  let 's add 1m to the sea level : https://i.imgur.com/uyv6qgj.png time to grow some gills , fam !, 
  ^ ( no worries dutchbros , you can always come live with us ! ), 
  i buy ` what is reaching ? ', 
  for 500 , alex. 
  and this is not because we love archaic and regressive customs , but because laws and bans like this need to be phrased correctly and carefully , else you get laws that are prone to abuse . 
   if you eat processed or red meat every day in excess of 90g , it 's recommended you reduce this in light of the possible associations with colon cancer risk . 
  in the uk , adults should aim to have a maximum of 70g per day or 500g per week ( cooked weight ) . 
  dude , you 're not supposed to eat more than half a kilo of meat * per week * . 
  even without these scandals , too much meat has pretty adverse effects on your health . 
  false equivalency . 
  i have not said anything to the contrary , just adding details to your efficiency claim . 
  thermal : 33 % -45 % nuclear : 33 % solar panels : 14-22 % ( not constant ) wind : 40 % ( not constant ), 
  oops haha , indeed !, 
  i was just saying that i think that it already is an epidemic . 
  becoming ? 
  hey now !, 
  we 've got loads of great intelligent people , but yeah , there are plenty of idiots and weirdos around as well . 
  however , mostly everyone is cool to live and let live , which ca n't be said from other parts of this republic . 
  i 'm here for a conference . 
  tomorrow i 'm headed back to cold , grey berlin . 
  currently in sevilla , 20 \u00b0 and plenty of palm trees . 
  not exactly tropical though , so yeah . . 
  it depends what 's being done with that data but yes , i agree with your sentiment . 
  however we are already there to a degree , rfid tickets are a thing in many cities and public video surveillance is ubiquitous . 
  that 's merely an insurance problem and the system will adapt as it already had to when we moved from using carriages to everyone manually steering 1 + ton of deadly steel at high speeds . 
  i suppose you could do that and it would be up to the operator to do fraud and abuse detection , weighing in customer data like report rate , account age . 
  of course the user that was blamed would challenge a report like that and again it 's up to the operator to resolve these conflicts . 
  i have yet to hear of or experience such a case , ymmv . 
  depends . 
  single user transport like car sharing ? 
  not a problem . 
  already works well today , you enter the vehicle and are asked if everything is clean , if not the previous user will be charged . 
  as a result , the vehicles are pristine ( at least around here ) . 
  multi-person transport ... yeah , more difficult . 
  i suppose you could have video surveillance and person-bound rfid tickets to help identifying and charge people who do n't behave . 
  seriously , fuck airbnb . 
  turning residential areas into hotel zones , leading to displacement and raising rents , no wonder people are pissed . 
  turning cities into tourist theme parks never sits well with locals . 
  as someone from berlin , this development is clearly visible here as well . 
  i love expats , i do n't have many positive things to say about party tourists that come flying in for 20 $ . 
  yeah , it 's nice that traveling has become possible for the broader masses , but pretending this does n't also create heaps of problems is silly . 
  the godwin came fast today , nice job . 
  sure starts to smell like it . 
  as the other reply states , it 's only bitter/hoppy compared to other lagers , it 's nowhere near as bitter/complex as an ipa . 
  it 's an acquired taste , as it 's quite bitter and hoppy , probably one of the most bitter northern beers out there , but i quite like it !, 
  yeah , gross , i love me some good northern beer ( jever ) , but beck 's is bleh . 
  we aim to please !, 
  good , i think the north is doing alright as is . 
  i went there for a conference last november and that square is very lovely and the parks attached are also very nice for running/jogging ( the temperatures in november where amazing ! ), 
  rigjt now it 's like what , 45 \u00b0 c in seville ? 
  not a great time to visit if you 're not used to scorching heat . 
  conservative victim complex in full force today . 
  executing a bunch of people in boats may be a slippery slope to go down on , no ? 
  and no , i 'm not one of the people in favour of unchecked immigration . 
  you dutchies are even pastier than we are , you 'll get incinerated by that caribbean sun !, 
  [ left old , right new ] ( https://i.imgur.com/szh5egl.jpg ), 
  we 'll gladly take a few \u00b0 c and some sun off your hands , it 's currently 17 \u00b0 and rain here ( berlin ) . 
  fun fact , this was fixed in the newer coins . 
  skyr is alright , greek yogurt is better though !, 
  ( there goes my icelandic migration option ), 
  well that and the ** w ** hole tax thing . 
  edit : a letter,
