  why is a town hall bad ? 
  sorry for my stupidity, 
  oh okay , so it 's more like a sort of mini-speech , instead of an actual `` personal '' debate ? 
  thanks , i had no idea !, 
  i do n't understand , someone help ? 
  oh , right , forgot about that , thanks . 
  i think your link is broken , it just takes me to the end of the video . 
  randompls, 
  indy , how much swedish do you know ? 
  if i meet you on the streets of stockholm , do i say * hi * or * hej * ? 
  also , that is my second son , not my firstborn ( the heir to scotland ) . 
  i realised that the crown auth . 
  in england was too high , so it was n't some weird bug . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , it turned out to be that ( well , not `` crown authority '' but the `` controlled realm inheritance law '' ) . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's true , i just assumed that he was from there , since he had a large following there . 
  but still , he has to be from some major city , right ? 
  i guess that does make him less likely to be recognised . 
  mods ? 
  i pronounce `` your '' like yore , that is a better comparison . 
  but yurr ? 
  i guess there are plenty of ways to say it . 
  norsemen were farmers , vikings were not . 
  being a vikings was a proffession , just like being a soldier or a blacksmith . 
  norsemen were farmers , vikings were not . 
  being a vikings was a proffession , just like being a soldier or a blacksmith . 
  yeah , it was more than just a profession . 
  but a viking was a certain ` type ' of person , not just everyone . 
  vikings were the seafarers , that provided for the farmers back home . 
  but there is a difference between a norse person and a viking . 
  think of vikings as pirates . 
  the problem would be the geography , winterfell and highgarden are practically on the other sides of westeros . 
  sure , maybe the majority of the army would be at king 's landing , but still , it 's a long way to travel for an entire army . 
  but i like the theory . 
  yes , i believe it did . 
  an army would probably be around the same speed , considering most of the king 's entourage was on horseback , which the tyrell army would n't be , but they would also march quicker and longer in the day . 
  i definitely understand the arrival of lf from a ` in-universe ' point of view , i just do n't like it from a storytelling point of view . 
  tywin 's father was attacked by a lion while on a walk in the westerlands , so there probably are some lions in westeros . 
  they are presumably few , though , maybe extinct by now . 
  it 's like a substitute for texting , with images as the ` base ' instead of plain text . 
  like , if you find something funny or interesting while out , and you want to tell or show it to your friend/s , you can just send that image through snapchat . 
  keep in mind that you can add text to images , so if you want to ask a quick question instead of texting , you can just take a blackscreen and add some text . 
  think of snapchat like instagram , but more ` targeted ' ; you just send stuff to people of your choosing . 
  jesus , imagine the horror of being one of the wildlings in that pit , and just slowly waiting for your death by spear ... or suffocating for that matter . 
  this was some saving private ryan-level shit . 
  all right , thanks . 
  it 's what i suspected but i thought i needed confirmation . 
  yeah , it 's what i thought . 
  so it is sort of like a dare , you could say . 
  this is the strongest argument , although he is only the regent , and he did n't declare the starks * king * . 
  i 'll talk more about that on 3 . 
  how do you mean that the vale is in the north ? 
  as in , the knights of the vale ? 
  sorry but i do n't understand . 
  declaring yourself king is a rebellion against the throne . 
  sure , they 're not going to march on king 's landing , but they are still denying that cersei/tommen is the queen/king , which is rebellion . 
  it just looks kind of stupid , from a political perspective , to risk a lannister/royal invasion or other kind of attack . 
  i guess that 's true , but it still feels strange to have such a unanimous support for the starks come out of nowhere . 
  but it feels less strange now , so thanks . 
  oh , i had no idea about that !, 
  that 's actually interesting , i had n't really thought about how they became so popular ... 
  thanks !, 
  from what i 've read , it was basically just a series of unfortunate events , such as lost ships and native/dutch warfare . 
  and then we got a queen , [ christina ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christina,_queen_of_sweden ) , who was n't very interested in colonisation , and then finally all the major ` dreamers ' of new sweden back in stockholm started to die , and the idea of new sweden with them . 
  alliserr , i was going for alliser . 
  it 's for the game of thrones mod . 
  well , not for achievements , but i just ca n't help cheating at times and so it 's a good way to stop that . 
  may i ask your name ? 
  i know it would be a bit awkward in my game , but it should be possible to propose an alliance with the iron throne , as balon does in the books . 
  yeah , but he proposes an alliance . 
  in the beginning of asos i think . 
  no worries, 
  it should be an event/decision . 
  if the regent if cersei , tywin or the king is joffrey , they would n't accept , but if the king is tommen , or the regent is someone more passive , like tyrion or mace tyrell ( i believe they are pro-alliance in the books ? ), 
  then they would accept , and you 'd join their wars/they 'd join yours . 
  i only got 12-13 thousand . 
  again , i only won out of pure chance/luck . 
  tywin lannister had 20 000 troops in tendring , and another 10 000 that was somewhere off probs fighting the north . 
  i would have lost if i had n't caught tywin . 
  edit : i only fought small armies . 
  it would also create an incentive as balon to assassinate joffrey and put tommen on the throne , thus making the player care a bit more about westerosi politics . 
  are there any easy ways of getting the ambitious trait ? 
  legit that is . 
  he was my rival because he found out about my affair ... it 's not my fault his weewee could n't make no boys, 
  conclave is best for when you are a vassal yourself . 
  it 's a pretty good way of working up the laddah . 
  not so much when you are an independent ruler . 
  just to clarify - it is certainly `` simpler '' to * not * use conclave . 
  for a newer player , or a player that is n't looking for more depth/challenge , it 's better to not use conclave . 
  it 's not necessarily `` hard mode '' , but it certainly adds a new layer of gameplay that takes some getting used to . 
  if you 're a new player , you should probably play without conclave for a while , at least until you get more experience with the base game . 
  now , for my strategy , favours are important . 
  the usual count-king run is :, 
  become a councillor , and thus a voter . 
  wait for other councillors to ask for ~ ~ favours ~ ~ support in exchange of favours . 
  prioritise landed characters , the more soldiers the better . 
  do n't bother about unlanded characters unless they are the heir to something . 
  fabricate a claim on your liege 's title ( you might need the ambitious trait for this ) . 
  start a `` myself for [ liege 's title ] '' faction .
