  i 'll be out . 
  off to sweeden . 
  the little love heart in the vote really fucking kills me . 
  fucking bigoted cunts, 
  probably i just love our attitude to things , always makes me laugh . 
  you could lose your leg and you 'd just say ah its grand sure i have the other one, 
  oh how times have changed, 
  `` sure what 's the chance of finding another live hand grenade in your garden ? '', 
  such an irish sentence . 
  ah sure , its grand . 
  it depends where you go , if your in dublin stay away from templebar , coppers , pretty much all of harcourt street actually . 
  i never have trouble on south williams street or in the workmans or grand social . 
  benidorm is pretty much a mini england, 
  i want so hard for them not to be the corrupt pay their friends to do the jobs kind of government though, 
  that sperm donor thing is good though . 
  theres been cases of women getting sperm and then suing the donor for child support, 
  i do n't think id care either way to be fair . 
  were voting to allow them to marry very soon , i really hope it passes but theres still a lot of religious non sense in the older generations here . 
  overall gay people are accepted here though and they are allowed to adopt as far as i know, 
  this is the kind of thing id probably riot over, 
  i hope he 's dead . 
  i do n't even care how wrong that is , he 's such a fucking shit bag, 
  ireland . 
  holy shit . 
  to be fair , not a lot of irish actually give even half a shite about ni . 
  you brits have left it in a shocking state , we dont want it, 
  nah they probably would shoot their fucking feet off, 
  nothing but it certainly dulls the mind, 
  once germany doesnt automatically assume its the boss i dont care . 
  just fuck their self appointed leader complex they have edit : thats a lot of salty germans, 
  yes and then end up the bad guy, 
  his plastic paddy view of the world, 
  probably thinks hes irish himself ... 
  yeah it was essentially a genocide . 
  the british denied aid and exported the majority of irish produce denying the irish anything but the failing potato crop pretty much deliberately letting us die and emmigrate in the millions, 
  i want to get off, 
  they just move more towards even eviler things like human trafficking , kidnapping and the like . 
  i still think we should leagalise though, 
  ive three in my fairly average sized house ... 
  most modern places have two . 
  an en suite and a main bathroom at least, 
  shut up moose toucher, 
  i can and i will, 
  yeah once i left uni , i had my fill of clubs . 
  there 's this club in dublin that i still love called the workmans because its basically like going to a friends house party instead of a club . 
  between there and bars , no reason to go to shitty night clubs, 
  sadly , keeping them on here in ireland . 
  but it depends on the homeowner . 
  its shitty because we have such wet weather that we have mud everywhere . 
   when are europeans going to start thinking about letting people carry guns to defend themselves like we do do here in the u.s when the us 's gun crime statistics stop being an obvious reason for not allowing guns on our streets . 
  fuck thats almost the unemployment benefits we have in ireland ... 
  its crazy we still have it , but no one has or ever will be prosecuted under it . 
  it is ... 
  no it 's just a uniquely american thing to act like someone knows more about a place than the people who live there . 
  and it drives me mad . 
  ah yeah , sure what would i know about irish people . 
  being irish and living here my whole life . 
  not as mush as an american who 's holidayed here it seems . 
  i never said we were horrible to tourists , just that we have the craic with people . 
  you 're not going to get someone randomly abusing you , we are a fairly friendly bunch ... 
  it 's when you get to know us it starts , its when you become friends with us we dish out the banter . 
  yeah the irish english scots and welsh love a bit of banter . 
  jaysus my chinese friends took a while to adjust but they really can dish it out now . 
  irish . 
  were horribly sarcastic , and we rip the absolute living shit out of each other as a sign of friendship . 
  often foreign visitors think were just assholes and were attacking them . 
  the american asking if irish people would like a snickers bar on / r/ireland is an example, 
  god damnit ireland, 
  no , i think a full blown war is what they want . 
  i think we 'd be better securing europe from islamist infiltration, 
  or you know , ireland and england have an extremely close history ? 
  there are many many irish people living in the uk , and i doubt many of them are on benefits . 
   i have n't heard one critical word yet . 
  i think that means the stations havent been critical of immigration, 
  man youve no idea ... 
  i 'm lucky enough to be well traveled . 
  islamic countries are shit holes for human rights . 
  been to yemen , uae , tunisia , morocco . 
  and yeah had a nice time in all of them . 
  would n't live in them if you paid me a fortune . 
  all of them have problems with extremism bar uae but its built on the backs of modern day slavery . 
  yeah you 'd take in british refugees because they are n't fucking mental cases trying to bring a dangerous and violent ideology with them . 
  just the same as refugees from india or china or russia or really any non muslim country ... 
  what really !? 
  ^ ^ ^ / s hes on an american show pandering to an american audience . 
  and using american `` humor '' ... 
  thats american humor for you . 
  if anything standard rich kid who never had to learn morals or how not to be entitled, 
  [ those protestants , up to no good as usual ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynnhd7dlj3w ), 
  yes , we are trash people , they are mighty gods so far above us we do n't count as human anymore, 
  i plan on returning asap , paris is my favorite city by far . 
  jesus , leave the jews alone ffs they 've had the shittiest history . 
  why in the name of god does these people seem to want to bend over backwards for islam ? 
  seriously they seem to want to do anything possible to please them ... 
  no im pretty sure these people i know are just lazy . 
  their parents are pretty upset about it i 'd imagine since they come from decent families with working parents etc, 
  i have a lot of friends that are like this . 
  they go from part time job to part time job , i have no idea what they 'll do later in life since they have no degree and now no real experience in anything other than retail jobs . 
  it 's not the governments fault in these cases though , these were just people who had no ambition to do anything other than sit at home , smoke weed and drink cans . 
  now they are starting to get worries about their lives and think about college but at 25 they 'll be 30 before they have full time employment .
