  stop being mean . 
  regards , europe, 
  jesus how heavy is that, 
  betraying ones government for the good of ones country is patriotic, 
  110 % people like him are essential to keep governments in check . 
  i 'll always view whistle blowers with respect . 
  people need to stand up against this sort of shite . 
  that plus the whole arrogant american thing, 
  i found it on the feed ? 
  i 'm not big into potatoes ... and i do n't drink * too * much, 
  you forgot the word fight before terrorism, 
  not very efficiently , mind you . 
  it took four whole comments, 
  not a surprise , our government are a joke, 
  so what is it you support ? 
  pure old bigotry and what sounds very like fascism to me . 
  i too have read it . 
  and i 'm mostly apathetic to politics and ideologies, 
  the rose tint fades eventually , and rather quickly . 
  nope not racism , londoners are known for being rude . 
  its a huge metropolis where nobody talks to one another . 
  british or not . 
  you 'll find its very similar in most of europe . 
  its normally only small communities , and lower social economic areas, 
  ireland will have you . 
  as for racism , its everywhere in the world unfortunately and probably no worse than the states . 
  jesus just put on the armband now and be done with it, 
  shh they 'll come back if we 're cheeky, 
  a good education is like a key to the world to be honest . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  being irish i 'm a tad biased about this sort of thing though . 
  no it is n't , its fewer low skill jobs . 
  and more and more high skilled jobs . 
  ironic user name there buddy, 
  its ok he probably did n't remember reading is n't an american strong point . 
  well you 're hardly the friendliest country politically, 
  and also has the potential to create shits like yur arse has never encountered, 
  during the financial crisis in my country they forced a bailout of us and forced us to not burn bond holders . 
  they are doing similar things to greece . 
  with this migrant crisis , they invite all the migrants to europe , and without so much as a second thought decide that everyone in europe needs to take a certain amount . 
  there were mild threats of sanctions if they didnt . 
  and extreme political pressure on those who dont feel the same way as germany . 
  the eu isnt just the united states of germany , yet they act as they are the ones in charge . 
  its becoming tiring . 
  and its a pitty too because the german people are some of the most lovely people ive ever met . 
  but their government are a shower of pricks . 
  difference is germany is the only one bullying people into voting for it . 
   i am extremely angry at the way the german government thinks it has a right to bully europe . 
  i wish we could kick germany out for being such a cock about fucking everything . 
  i see germany like cartman from southpark . 
  a whiney bully who reacts very badly when people disagree with him . 
  i did but i didnt stick around to see how it turned out . 
  thankfully its something ive only seen once !, 
  we have a very small muslim population here in ireland and they are in large well integrated . 
  but theres always the few crazies, 
  its fucking terrible that your right . 
  ive seen muslim immigrants throw bottles and whatever they had at gay couples here in dublin . 
  feels  reals, 
  well , germany did invite them all to europe ... 
  who sees some lovely boobs and thinks , better beat the shit of that woman, 
  id actually love too . 
  its my dream to quit software and own a bar, 
  god i hate our shitty irish weather . 
  my perfect country would be ireland with actual seasons . 
  imagine a warm summer and a nice cool snowy winter . 
  heaven for me anyway, 
  yeah pretty much, 
  were all poor and homeless now, 
  the rise of popularity with the maker scene , and ` geeky ' things being in vogue i 'd imagine, 
  hey now , python is in high demand just get into it before these kids finish school !, 
  shit . 
  competition on my mediocre skills ... 
  better start trying, 
  as much as possible , as cheap as possibly , and as fast as possible ... and then go to a nightclub and buy one drink, 
  dont expect greece to understand finance problems, 
  haha oh boy we did that in ireland !, 
  worked out sooo well for us -_-, 
  id say russian murica level would be if they claimed ukraine had wmds and then invaded the shit out of the region for years with no evidence of wmds, 
  ah jesus id forgotten about that thread . 
  that poor guy had no idea, 
  shitty rich bastard, 
  were now both sued . 
  ireland - that our governemt set up a semi state body to charge for water with the explicit purpose of selling it off to a private company ( or more likely denis o'brien ) in reality , theres probably some truth to it since denis ob is suing everyone who tries to investigate it, 
  you know you dont have any real hardship when you complain that your plasters dont match your skin tone ... 
  yeah suck it england . 
  regards ireland, 
  it would have to be paris , or possibly montpelier or munich . 
  they are the three cities i 've personally liked the most, 
  they 're the ones not getting paid to pass it, 
  actually yes . 
  jesus if we become like the us im off to the fucking moon, 
  typical yank , utter cunt . 
  sadly real, 
  in ireland marriage is in the constitution as a union between a man and a woman . 
  so they need to change the constitution to allow it . 
  this requires a vote from the public . 
  they are trying to make it seem like gay couples ca n't adopt . 
  but the government has already legalised gay adoption without a vote as it didnt require a change to the constitution, 
  if its a no , ill be done with this country . 
  the corruption , the lack of people willing to do anything about it , and top it off with a sprinkle of legislated bigotry .
