irish here , was never tought about israel in ` pre-school ' or primary , learned about it in secondary in religion class . 
  no one in ireland gives a shit about israel . 
  what we do have is sympathy for a state with a bully neighbour ... let me clarify my support of palestine , i think hamas are scum and guilty of everything israel has said they do . 
  i dont think that bombing the crap out of innocent men , women , and children is doing israel any favours . 
  its turning more palestinian people to hamas and making you guys look awfully hypocritical after all the persecution and hardship the jewish people went through . 
  im honestly ashamed at how long it took ireland, 
  poor spain and greece, 
  i really liked that comic, 
  wow you 've gone full rt style logic in all of your posts, 
  i just had a funny scene in my head of putin reading this comment and being scared into calming down, 
  the past, 
  its true , theres always two sides, 
  my phone auto correct a bad spelling of `` did n't '' there was a lot of propaganda around the war on independence , with a lot of people wondering why paddy did n't want to be part of the uk anymore . 
  but even know we have a fucking former taoiseach saying we should n't have left.its not a popular notion at all but there is one . 
  i 've often had conversations with english people abroad insisting ireland was part of the uk still, 
  he has a three year visa iirc, 
  plus they make toblerone, 
  was auto correct . 
  ** did n't **, 
  as an irish man this hits home . 
  and the english wonder why we do n't want english rule . 
  i 'm very eu i 'm from ireland . 
  i do think the eu needs a lot of work however . 
  a few minutes not hours . 
  its should be 100 % illegal . 
  its a fucking racquet . 
  im currently looking for an apartment or house to rent in dublin , the worst rundown hovels in the worst areas are still about 2000 a month . 
  stupid prices, 
  its easier than you think for a police officer to fake evidence, 
  two easily abused , a police man takes a dislike to a family because their daughter refuses to go out with him . 
  he then falsely claims a crime , the family is deported . 
  to easy to abuse, 
  we now have the beginnings of a housing bubble in dublin , our government is a joke . 
  nice racism you cunt, 
  murica, 
  ohhh james you 're in for it now, 
  fuck off putin you shitbird, 
  i live in ireland , i would love an electric car . 
  however all the ones on sale here are terrible , give me a tesla or a bmw i8, 
  because we had us and greece . 
  sorry guys :(, 
  even they rely on china, 
  sounds magnificent, 
  i cant even comprehend that , i drive a 2l bmw and i feel like im using more fuel than a ship, 
  no , but things can very quickly spiral out of control . 
  just think about the 290 + that lost their lives already who had nothing to do with the war ... 
  they would still be alive if it wasnt for putins dick waving, 
  my bad i was too drunk to google, 
  could you get me one , i 'm too hungry to bother ... try not commit ethnic cleansing while you get it, 
  im not the biggest fan of irish food as its rather bland in my opinion . 
  but something we do well is chippers , a [ battered sausage ] ( http://www.eataku.com/image/62522822408 ) and chips is a favorite, 
  i love this so much, 
  its wrong because gingor is an ass, 
  it isnt islam that prevents integration , its stubborn ignorant assholes who are n't willing to make an effort and would rather hate . 
  it 100 % is , this needs to be stopped . 
  i 'd rather lose my money than my life to some needless conflict, 
  which we already payed for with taxes . 
  are our taxes going to be lowered by a few hundred a year since we no longer have to pay for the water system out of them ? 
  nope . 
  our government is outrageously incompetent , we have a leaky old fucked up water system at the moment , that lets face it is not going to be fixed by a privatised company because it will cost too much , instead they are just going to raise prices in a year or two . 
  if you think i 'm wrong , come back and read this comment in 2017 and see if the water services have been fixed by then and prices are the same, 
  you mean greece getting fucking greedy and incompetent as shit, 
  ear plugs man , ear plugs, 
  wheres this trampoline of which you speak ? 
  :( oww , right in my national pride, 
  from what i 've read though , the kurds are fairly badass, 
  ill let you know in a few months ... ireland 's government is currently in the process of screwing us over with a water charge in a country where it rains more days of the year than it does n't, 
  oh i know but they are so stupid its hard to tell satire of them apart from them, 
  its poes law . 
  you have no idea if they are joking or serious because of how stuipd they are, 
  your flair says scotland , but i have a feeling you are sitting in a room filled with other ` social media engineers ' somewhere in russia, 
  the only time hailo couldnt find me a taxi was xmas eve at 4am , even then it eventually did on the fourth try, 
  they really shouldnt be though , [ we have regulations about it ] ( http://www.nationaltransport.ie/taxi-and-bus-licensing/taxi/spsv-vehicle-licensing-2/vehicle-requirements/vehicle-age-rules/ ) they cant be more than 10 years old however its mostly ignored for some bizarre reason, 
  fuck you russia , you fucking scum . 
  oh how i wish . 
  i hate how cuddly cuddly my country is with america for a country that 's supposed to be neutral ... 
  wish ireland was lower :( stupid drug gangs, 
  ireland - bog arse of no where - not dublin - bogger ville theres probably way more, 
  just going to leave this here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrnp-xzb_u0 good luck sweden ... 
  if this shit spill over to ireland ill be coming for you, 
  we cant . 
  due to nama owning so many empty ones and being tied up in burocracy and not allowing them to be rented properly or sold . 
  and after the serious recession not many companies left to build . 
  the government has let the rent prices go off the rails by poor regulation of the housing market . 
  which was the whole cause of our fucking property crisis in the start . 
  our government are fucking morons . 
  people will be off asking for 500k mortgages earning $ 30k a year and the banks will be happy to give it to them , because they know that the government will just pay for the bad debts . 
  i hate how my country is run . 
  and you can infact expect the government to regulate a market . 
  its their fucking job, 
  you know im only venting right , im not actually in favour of collective punishment . 
  im just pissed i was robbed, 
  we have a large problem with organised gypsie gangs in ireland . 
  its well known that they cause huge problems, 
  if theres drunken thugs in your neighbourhood call the police ... what do you expect the rest of europe to do about it, 
  to be honest you should n't be given a visa if you arent qualified to work, 
  it 's fucking stupid that its allowed . 
  however most are illegals . 
  here in ireland we have a big homeless problem at the moment due to our shitty shitty incompetent government allowing rent prices to sky rocket . 
  we 're heading for a bubble again , sorry germany we 'll take our cheque soon ,
