  that 's how wikipedia describes it in much better english : * in 1944 , the soviet armed forces recaptured eastern poland from the germans . 
  the soviets unilaterally declared a new frontier between the soviet union and poland ( approximately the same as the curzon line ) . 
  the polish government-in-exile in london bitterly opposed this and at the teheran and yalta conferences between stalin and the western allies , the allied leaders roosevelt and churchill asked stalin to reconsider , particularly over lw\u00f3w , but he refused . 
  during the negotiations at yalta , stalin posed the question `` do you want me to tell the russian people that i am less russian than lord curzon ? '', 
  the altered [ curzon line ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/curzon_line ) thus became the permanent eastern border of poland and was recognised by the western allies in july 1945 . 
  more like [ 1920 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_warsaw_ ( 1920 ) i guess . 
  to this day we pat ourself on the back for stopping bolshevik hordes from invading europe . 
  well , it 's a little overstatement to say that schetyna warned ( according to moscow times ) or even threatened ( according to you ) russia . 
  he said this in an interview for polish news network and what he said is probably just true . 
  for me it seems more like he tried to reassure poles that europe shares our stance than anything else . 
  if he wanted to warn russia he would have used proper channels , not polsat news . 
  and they probably do n't work perfectly either . 
  of 15 mig 21 's for example only 6 are reportedly operational , which may mean that other 9 were already scavanged for parts . 
  my guess is that without russian support in terms of spare parts and service , these planes would be grounded sooner or later . 
  so in a way they are remotely controlled . 
  in other news : unemployment rate expected to rise throughout asia ... 
   what is so weird about them ? 
  that it 's in german , duh ... on a more serious note - if you were looking for porn in late 80 ' / early 90 ' pre-internet era in poland , there was a great chance it would be in german . 
  so naturally it always looked to me that germany is some sort of porn capital of europe , with every next garage being also a home studio for shooting porn . 
  now that i think of it , it was probably us porn dubbed into german ( you guys are surely serious about making foreign movies more accessible to german viewer , are n't you ? 
  he said europe , not germany ... 
  one more disillusioned government , so it 's good news in a way ... 
  he would have to deal with our strategic defences like ko\u0142biel roundabout , so good luck with that one , mr. putin !, 
  yeah , i know . 
  when i came here in the morning there were only french lol 's in this discussion and my inner dickhead took over ... 
  i guess after providing isis with terrorists , it 's the next logical step to provide russia with warships . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  it 's not like russia needs these ships to cause trouble in poland or the balitics anyway ... 
  so spain , whats wrong with your white sugar ? 
  and what 's the story with definition of cinema ticket in croatia , slovenia and germany ? 
  or cup of coffee in croatia , bulgaria and italy ? 
  do n't forget a spray against polar bears if visiting poland in winter . 
  and do n't miss ukraine . 
  they say it 's eastern part is to die for . 
  [ man of marble ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0075902/ ) is one of my personal favourites . 
  i would recommend it to anyone who would like to learn something about post-wwii poland and watch a decent movie at the same time . 
  set in 1976 and ( retrospectively ) in early 50-ties it follows a young woman 's quest to make a biopic of a stalinist era proletariat hero and over-achieving worker mateusz birkut . 
  plot uses investigation/mystery kind of structure so it naturally keeps viewer 's attention as she discovers more and more about unpleasant reality of stalinist era poland . 
  a sequel called man of iron was released a few years later but it 's not as good though ... 
   nato and the west are n't set up to deal with these threats , which also come with a dose of maskirovka , a word for camouflage and thus a broad program of military deception . 
  the soviet union excelled at this , but modern russia has taken it to a new level . 
  it 's not nato responsibility to deal with this kind of threats . 
  it 's a military alliance after all . 
  what other nato members could possibly contribute to counter propaganda or corruption of politicians of a member state ? 
  these are the problems every country must be able to deal on their own . 
  what eu ( not nato ) could do is to use the same tactics against russia ( and maybe it 's already being done - sanctions being the most visible step ) . 
  but here come the true weakness of our democratic societies - values we live by limit our options when dealing with such tactics . 
  putin can crush any sign of protest or opposition , we ca n't . 
  putin does n't care for freedom of speech or free press , we must . 
  he can destroy any politician he does n't trust , we could n't probably do much even if we knew some of our politicians were on russia 's payroll . 
  the true problem here is that putin uses our values against us and we ca n't use the same tactics against him . 
  on a scale where 8,5 is a nuclear blast , it would by my guess that every conventional weapon falls under 2 or lower , while values from 2,5 to 8 are an empty , echoing space . 
  so my bet is 1,5 . ;-), 
  they hate everyone who did nasty things to polish civilians in the past . 
  so they do n't like ukraine that much either . 
  conservatives leader kaczynski even said , that if there will be any nato bases in poland , he does n't wish any german troops to be stationed there , lol . 
  yes , our hops are brewed in your brewery : http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/pinta--oharas-lublin-to-dublin/255714/, 
   i am not sure what the appropriate nato response would be . 
  my bet ( and hopes ) would be a full scale conventional invasion , with nuclear strikes reserved only for retaliation . 
  this would give russians one last choice , chance to reconsider , but at the same time things in russia would have to change one way or another . 
  i 'm not saying baltics will not fight , but without nato infrastructure on their territory the fighting would probably be less intense . 
  edit :  that is what it is all about well , in my opinion pissing putin even more for just * illusion * of safety is not the greatest of deals . 
  and that 's my concern : i 'm not really sure if these bases contribute that much to safety of the region . 
  i wonder how much safer you really would be ( or us , because we also want nato bases in poland ) or would you just feel safer . 
  bases so close to a frontline would n't probably last for long but for sure would attract first strike on baltics . 
  in case of war poland will be a battleground , whether there will be bases here or not , you could at least avoid bloodshed . 
  if nato will stand to its promise we will all be safe . 
  if not , no base will help us . 
  @ `` still they call us gypsies '' it 's actually the other way around , we call gypsies romanians . 
  i guess `` our '' roma people came here from romania , so they were referred to as romanians . 
  truth is that knowledge about romania is virtually non-existent in poland . 
  we have no common border , you 're not popular tourist destination and you cause us no trouble so you 're not present in media . 
  if you ask a common pole about romanians he 'll most probably think of roma gypsies . 
  your embassy here could do a lot just by introducing romania back to poles via tv ads , cultural events , or sth like this . . actually romani diaspora in poland did more over the years to teach us the difference between the roma and romanians than romanians did . 
  it 's silesia - big industrial metropolitan area consisting of several cities and towns , gathered around heavy industry ( mostly mining ) . 
  hard working guys , with specific silesian dialect . 
  when they get pissed for polish government they like to threaten with secession ( transition from planned economy to capitalism hit them , and still hits to some degree , hard ) . 
  there is this anecdote that stalin understood this and that 's why poland never became another soviet republic . 
  i guess that defiance pays off in a long term after all . 
  how does a flag that depicts a chopped down cross glorifies christianity ? 
  i thought it 's a cute little doggie !, 
  now i dissapoint . 
  it is now : http://mon.gov.pl/aktualnosci/ ( polish for now , english site still not updated ) . 
  70 choppers , assembled and serviced in poland . 
  6 batteries of patriots ( i dunno if mobile ) . 
  this news is clearly unofficial as press conference will be held later today but not necessarily bs . 
  info supposedly comes from wyborcza 's `` source '' close to government officials . 
  taxi driver did it . 
  cop lady just wants to go home . 
  paramedic is like `` nothing i can do here '' . 
  mortician wonders how the hell is he supposed to fit this into the hearse . 
  yes , i just got it . 
  shame on me ... you 're right of course . 
  everything is . 
  that 's the point of this map . 
  edit : ai n't you a pole ? 
   trolololo , wtf welcome all video games fans !, 
  now let 's play some movie soundtracks . 
  the concert is titled \u201e video games -- superheroes '' but they will actually play mostly movie soundtracks ... batman theme / danny elfman batman begins ( initiation into league/temple fight/saving ducard ) / james newton howard iron man 2 / john debney spider-man / danny elfman superman march / john williams the avengers / alan silvestri x-men 3 - the last stand ( highlights ) / john powell the flight to neverland ( from hook ) / john williams the asteroid field / john williams angry birds `` seasons suite '' / ari pulkinen , arr . 
  k.dobosiewicz riaders march ( indiana jones ) / john williams super mario bros ( medley ) / koji kondo , arr .
