  during eurovision ?!, 
  what is this madness ? 
  except for last year ? 
  what a laughable statement . 
  not from what i 've seen lately . 
  we seem to be exluded from maps more often than not . 
  but i am open to this being confirmation bias . 
  this sub and r/mapporn makes me wish we could be a part of the eu just so we can be apart of these statistics . 
  you make a good case . 
  but we already now votes are being rigged and the country is rampant with corruption . 
  so why not chechnya ? 
  it was a referendum thatput them back under russia and granted them little to no self govern . 
  and 95 % supported that ? 
  according to kreml 80 % showed up and the voted like 95 % to stay in russia . 
  their elections and referendums for autonomy are still being rigged . 
  well yeah , not literally . 
  could n't figure out a better way to phrase it . 
  those who actually fight are terrorists . 
  are you suggesting it is not realistic that great leader putin gets 97 % of the votes in a republic fighting for independence from russia ? 
  this was n't even funny on 9gag in 2012 . 
  you are just trolling , right ? 
  chill . 
  i hope we will see the great archipelago of scotland also soon . 
  so gay . 
  we both know there 's a huge difference between robbing people of real freedoms and making strong alcohol slightly less available . 
  the fact is that somebody are just not responsible drinkers and without help will drink themselves to huge problems . 
  i believe that total freedom is not in the best interest of some people . 
  other examples are gambling addicts and morbidly obese people . 
  countries who invade other countries will never have the high ground . 
  they did n't even need to ban her . 
  just putting stairs up to the stage would have been enough . 
  how come russia increased its hdi more than anyone on the list and still fell in the rankings ? 
  i did n't know liechtenstein once controlled a huge part of square island in the atlantic . 
  yeah that 's what i was thinking . 
  what difference does the size of your country really make ? 
  the average liechtensteiner is gon na have a pretty sweet life . 
  i 'm guessing former ddr-regions are the least religious regions ? 
  is the russian minority more religious ? 
  well i do appreciate another reason to drink . 
  is this day really celebrated anywhere in europe outside of great britain and ireland ? 
  the part about the swedes however , i think we can let slide . 
  someone throw a fucking pokeball . 
  then you should step into a dutch shower . 
  how nice for them . 
  i knew they were ahead of the uk but that 's a wider margin than i would have guessed . 
  when did ireland get so rich ? 
  nikolai t\u00e6slasen , norways greatest son right there !, 
  just the reasons you stated really . 
  i think it 's neat to have a name for the 3 countries in the north with such a similar language . 
  someone is confusing scandinavia with nordic countries i see . 
  its still a custom for muslims . 
  heck , not even all muslims wear hijabs . 
  you do know that a huge portion of lebanese people are christian and dont wear hijabs ? 
  dont imply this idiot speaks for all of norway , please . 
  hur dur i know nothing about their platform but the party must be racist . 
  interesting stuff . 
  obviously i did not actually think it 's about harambe . 
  i do n't get what adding a map to helps with . 
  you ca n't see anything properly even in the big countries . 
  this is italy 's song for eurovision . 
  quite nice song . 
  even a tribute for harambe in there . 
  and murmansk was even the size of oslo in the 80 's . 
  but its population has declined greatly to below 300k . 
  it 's the third largest city in the world north of the arctic circle . 
  dude . 
  it 's the same all over europe . 
  there are issues with properly integrating people from mena-countries . 
  there 's a difference in anatomy though . 
  going topless as a women is more comparable to a guy showing his dick . 
  also going topless seems to be legal for the vast majority of the west . 
  i have searched for it but have n't found the best world wide sources yet . 
  you can not really say wearing a hijab is a cultural norm in iran since many people did not wear it when it was allowed not to . 
  and how about minorities in iran that is n't even muslim ? 
  the difference is that it is outlawed not to wear a hijab of course . 
  it is discrimatory in its self since iran has nonmuslim minorities . 
  :( man , fuck europes dependency on oil . 
  how about cutting ties to both ? 
  yes of course . 
  but we would never force them to . 
  and do n't you dare comparing shaking someones hand out of courtasy with being obligated to wear a particular clothing because you are of a certain sex . 
  probably not . 
  our prime minister would not be given the respect she deserves . 
  we do n't have any mandatory clothing for only one part of the population in the west though so there 's really nothing you can compare this to . 
  and if erdogan keeps it up , the un will start sanctions against turkey . 
  so it will hurt them in every way either way . 
  so no way turkey is getting stronger under erdogan . 
  how about thinking slovakia is in the balkans because they confuse it with slovenia . 
  dunno if its worse than confusing swedish with swiss though . 
  and iceland + a chunk of ireland . 
  i did n't mean to do anything of the sort . 
  is n't that that their platform ? 
  i guess you 're right . 
  i looked up extremism . 
  how come the party collide with the constitution btw ? 
  dunno if i would call being anti eu and immigration sceptic for extremism . 
  i dunno , it just pales incomparion to isis . 
  a real man drinks whatever pleases him and does n't care about what other people think . 
  i am aware . 
  nvm , this joke is bad .
