  yes they are . 
  i do n't know either tbh . 
  i upvoted him . 
  wikipedia said 307k so i used that . 
  i wonder how much washing your hands actually helps towards spreading bacteria that is dangerous . 
  like , would the netherlands experience a considerable boost in health if they all started washing their hands religiously ? 
  because you barely see the sun at all  was only meant as banter . 
  and then cry ? 
  it 's included because it 's far north . 
  northernmost city in the world above 300k inhabitants actually . 
  well it all happens gradually . 
  but in a weeks time in february the sun settles completely past 4pm . 
  so it not too bad tbh . 
  i 'm not gon na pretend i live in the arctic or something . 
  i 've only seen the northern lights twice here . 
  and it 's gone : /, 
  oh yeah it 's sweet . 
  if you do n't mind that the sun goes down now at 3pm in the darkest winter months . . 
  interesting . 
   fifty percent of the winter temperature difference across the north atlantic is caused by the eastward atmospheric transport of heat released by the ocean that was absorbed and stored in the summer . 
  fifty percent is caused by the stationary waves of the atmospheric flow . 
  the ocean heat transport contributes a small warming across the basin . 
  and we can be sure that this is not someone paid by the oil sector to downplay the effect of climate change stopping the stream ? 
  i would obviously be glad if we did not have to fear another ice age if the stream were to stop because of melting ice caps . 
  nice to see my city of trondheim finally recognised as the juggernaut of european culture and importance that it is . 
  the upper half of norway would look a lot more like greenland without the gulf stream . 
  the swedes should plant more mountains . 
  it is boring to drive through . 
  miss italy can get it . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  i noticed that his follower amount was on the decline as well . 
  it is really hard not to assume he 's some fraud . 
  i very much doubt that the most followed by norwegians is loai mohammed deeb , whom i have never heard of . 
  i even checked out his [ twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/loaideeb ) and he only tweets pictures of himself with an arabic quote . 
  so therefore i believe that / u/yalodeciamiabuela is correct and op thought podolski was polish . 
  i 'm afraid years with huge booms of migration will become more and more normal thanks to global warming and the population growth in the third world . 
  how is it racist to state the fact that ethnic swedes will eventually become a minority in sweden if the current trend continues ? 
  how about buying them back using the oil fund ? 
  so that is how lukashenko maintains power . 
  last time i went to a bar the beer was 11 euros . 
  to make up for this homebreewing is huge in my part of the country . 
  but did it ever stop being sexy though ? 
  yet another proof finland does n't actually exist . 
  i dont get this comment with that last paragraph . 
  the us is quite religious and not the most educated . 
  and trump was voted in thanks to the more religious . 
  nice . 
  got ta get my daily dose of estonia . 
  the simplest ones for me to distinguish are swedish , finnish , german , french , russian/ukrainian and of course norwegian . 
  this is just what i 've learned through gaming though . 
  there might be more extreme accents out there but i have n't heard them yet . 
  i believe this lie is made up by the dutch . 
  they are tired of losing to finland so they want them under russian control so they have a chance to win over them again . 
  its their countries ' names in their own languages . 
  but they are not in the fjord . 
  but other than the aquaducts , the alphabet , the roads , getting rid of jesus and arranging colosseum fights , what did the romans ever do for us ? 
  can you prove thor is not a bee ? 
  i does not make sense for there to be insects 70 degrees north . 
  but damn they are thriving there . 
  if you throw a stick in the air it almost doesnt come down again . 
  looks like the resort above narvik . 
  what you just said goes against your opinion . 
  if being gay is a choice , why would anyone chose that instead of having kids ? 
  and why do you trust your broken logic instead of people who have studied this or gay people themselves ? 
  can you find one respectable one who do n't ? 
  anyway you still did n't answer my question . 
  what if it is infact not a choice ? 
  i see you believe being gay is a choice . 
  but let 's say it is not , like all scientist believe , would you still beat your gay child ? 
  i was aware of that . 
  just would have liked to see us included as well since we 're not where people would expect . 
  not for norway . 
  we got renewable ** and ** cheap electricity thanks to mountains and shitty weather . 
  electricity is actually the one thing that is cheap in norway . 
  according to [ ssb ] ( https://www.ssb.no/elkraftpris ) we pay in average almost exactly 1 kroner for 1 kwh which equates to 10.7 $ for 100 kwh . 
  he did n't say he supported them . . 
  i still do n't get how you can confuse complete opposites with each other . 
  do people not think about what they are saying/writing ? 
  well i 'll be damned . 
  seems like an excelent estimate then . 
  looked it up . 
  apparantly it 's 62 % of the country that is part of the alps . 
  so you were pretty close . 
  meanwhile 500 km farther north across the mountains it 's almost 10 degrees and no snow left . 
  motherfucking wolfgang amadeus mozart . 
  half of the country is mountainous . 
  their fauna consists of kangaroos , koala bears and generally things that want to kill you . 
  sure , finland has more of its total area covered by forest . 
  but i bet canada and russia still got at least the same amount of forest per capita just because of the size of the countries . 
  but anyway all of this is irrelevant because trees are emission neutral . 
  all the co2 they consume during their lifespan is released when they rot . 
  that link still puts france below the baltic countries , sweden , croatia among others . 
  and the latest data is from 2013 . 
  but it does place denmark behind many countries and puts a ton of african nations of top as expected . 
  the telegraph can not have included all nations to have put denmark on top . 
  not really . 
  if that was the case canada and russia would do far better . 
  and denmark is apparently number 1 in least emissions per capita . 
  closely followed by the summer of 2004 when greece defended themselves to the euro title . 
  how terribly rude of them .
