  in one you would have been testing near citizens you care about . 
  in the other , not so much . 
  and thats before you consider the contamination that spread from the atmospheric tests . 
  2300 people lived in a circle of 500km radius around the atoll , 5000 in a circle of 1000km around the atoll . 
  in metropolitan france , it would have been at least a hundred million in a radius of 500 km . 
  moreover , the wind coming from the west in europe , more people would have been impacted by the atmospheric pollution , while the wind in the atoll of moruroa goes toward 6000km of uninhabited ocean . 
  the choice is pretty easy for me . 
   i * am * glad someone else besides the brits have them . 
  you can stop counting on the brits now , it ll let you avoid being disappointed in the next few years . 
   i * do * object to people who ca n't admit mistakes were made . 
  there were other options to handle protesters . 
  you just limit the risks . 
  secret services notes indicated that greenpeace had planned a more aggressive campaign , and was financed and infiltrated by the soviets . 
  so are we going to let them come in the way of the development of the only weapon we have to protect us from ussr ? 
  fuck no . 
  it was the fucking cold war . 
  the order was to immobilize the ship and prevent it from moving . 
  what were the other options ? 
  let a ship infiltrated by your enemy have the possibility to have any information about the most confidential program of your country ? 
   choosing to give the terrorists awards and decorations , and continued celebration and defence of their acts ( as you do ) , is a very bad way to handle this legacy . 
  they acted on order of the french government . 
  so are the nazis officials that killed civilians in france and became later politicians in bdr or communists hunter in the us and who died peacefully in their beds . 
  i do n't see a difference between overseas and metropole france , it 's the exact same in front of our constitution . 
  french republic is one and undivided . 
  the tests could n't happen in europe , we have no desertic region in the metropolitan area . 
  to compare , the whole territory of france is 680.000 km ^ 2 , while our water in the pacific covers an area of 5,500,000 km ^ 2 , mostly desertic areas and very small atolls where nobody live . 
  tests used to take place in the algerian desert before the independence war . 
  i actually believe and hope that greenpeace would have been more worried about the environmental impact in europe than in the pacific . 
  also , when it comes to the survival of france , we do not negotiate with greenpeace , especially at a time where western peace movements were financed and infiltrated by the soviets . 
   exactly , they took the easy option , * that * is my issue here . 
  easier because it puts fewer people at risk . 
   it 's a sliding slope which the french government at that time slipped down . 
  we developed a bomb able to put an end to the world , i believe the ethic issues lays here rather than in the death of one on the way to develop those bombs . 
  you do n't build a nuclear force able to raze the world with morale considerations . 
  be happy we did it , you would n't have any ally with a nuclear arsenal if we chose the morale path . 
  so blame us all you want , remember that the only thing that blocks moscow from eu soil is the ability that france has to make russia unlivable for the next thousand years . 
  the tests actually took place in france . 
  france is united and undivided . 
  the goal was not to kill protesters and limit the negative outcome : prevent the ship from entering french water with no death . 
  there were 2 bombs , a small one and a big one . 
  the small one aimed to scare the crew and make them leave , the second one aimed to sink the ship . 
  the greenpeace member that died went back on the ship after the first explosion to take pictures of the damages . 
  we were not going to let an organization shadowfinanced by the soviet assist to nuclear tests , let 's be real . 
   i do n't think you realise how much resources a nuclear power as france has at its disposal . 
  you are clearly overestimating french capacity in the pacific . 
  the french area in pacific is larger than the european union , and our navy has other territories to protect . 
  it had to protect guyana at that time for example , as we chose the english side in the falklands war . 
  bombing a ship on land is easier that trying to board it in a 5 500 000 km ^ 2 area . 
  it did n't end , it reported it . 
  it 's the first thing chirac did when he came in power stating `` we need additional data to be able to run the further tests with computer '' . 
  the pr fallout is nothing compared to the benefits of being an independent nuclear power , we did what we had to do to get it . 
  we can veto the un , we can protect the european union , we have nuclear vessels all around the world ready to put an end at it if we are under attack . 
  the manhattan project was in a desertic area , where nobody lives and the atoll in french polynesia fit those parameters . 
  note that americans also tested the bomb in american polynesia . 
  stop playing with words , the uk is leaving us , russia invades its neighbors , trump is not trustworthy . 
  the only ally you have is the one that was able to do anything to develop its bombs . 
  yes , because you try everyday to defend your nuclear missile program , tell me more about that . 
  european union *, 
  everything was tried to avoid killing everyone . 
  there were 2 bombs , one small enough to just scare them , the second to sink the ship . 
  he came back on the ship to take pictures after the first explosion . 
  now we are the only european country with the bomb , protecting all of us from being bullied by our neighbors . 
  in the commonwealth they just blew up bombs in australia , american did that in nevada , and russia in siberia . 
  trust me they killed those who tried to interfere with their nuclear program too . 
  well , how could we know how to suck so well without the wonderful example of our northeastern neighbor < 3 merci pour la sauce andalouse , mais on va pas vous laisser la paternit\u00e9 des frites . 
   i 'm sure french polynesia has at least a couple of boats to spare . 
  and some of the navy 's boats can act as coast guard . 
  yes it has , but i 'm pretty sure you do n't fully grasp how fucking huge it is . 
  the archipel where it happened is 1300 km long , mostly empty sea . 
  french polynesia water is 20 % larger than european union . 
  riskier than bombing a supposedly empty boat . 
  plus remember it 's the pacific , the area to cover is huge and france does n't have the military capacity to block such an area ( it 's easier in nevada , australia of siberia right ? 
  i think you are overestimating the capacity of france in the pacific in 1985 . 
  what would you say if it was for the manhattan project ? 
  so first , it 's laughable to talk about coast guard in the pacific , it 's not marseilles you know . 
  when a boat enters national water and is asked to stop , it stops . 
  greenpeace does n't . 
  yes they would have , or launched an assault of the boat . 
  and it would n't have been one person in the boat . 
  so how many would have died ? 
  how many lives at risk here ? 
  an arrest at sea would have been more costly . 
  the boat was supposed to be empty , limiting the negative outcome . 
  one guy died , much more were at risk at sea , so sorry for nz feelings but if they wanted to avoid that they could have helped . 
  those who said `` should have '' did n't have to make a choice . 
  i 'd like to see you trying to board a 40m ship in an atoll in the pacific , i do n't think you realize the difficulty of such an operation . 
  moreover , if you want to make sure the boat sink you bomb it , especially if you are not on your sovereign soil you ca n't pull the operation you want . 
  it 's a stupid solution for the one who have no clue of the choice they had . 
  tell me why france would have done that ? 
  because they are just stupid ? 
  yes i am , i think you underestimate the risks at stake with an arrest at sea of people who do not want to be arrested , especially entering a military site . 
  it for example require to shoot at the boat with a cannon to immobilize it . 
  there is no indication if helicopters can be used or not , risking the life of our soldiers to let them break the law . 
  moreover , it is a direct threat to the french nuclear research program as it had for objectives to prevent tests from happening . 
  it was a direct attack to french higher interests . 
  the boat was supposed to be empty , unfortunately it was n't . 
  one death compared to the risks at stake , it was nothing . 
  because they let themselves being boarded . 
  when they do n't and want to go where the other party does n't want them to go : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaza_flotilla_raid, 
  yes , a marine assault at sea would have been so much easier , without any risk of more casualties .
