  you do n't get wealthier from a divorce ... 
  he indeed said , during the presidential campaign , to the 200.000 french people living in london to come back home . 
  again , this has nothing to do with unilateraly leaving a treaty , otherwise we could say that of any stupid things may has said recently ( and god knows there are ) . 
   the eu has demanded the uk to fulfill their spending commitment corrected that for you . 
  macron did not do anything , uk fired the first shot . 
   i 'd note that napoleon thought the continent was standing together when he brought the continental system in . 
  did n't work . 
  comparing the french empire to european union is not accurate . 
   did you really expect us to keep the 6-12 mile area free ? 
  i expected you to negotiate , to give us a choice and not condemning our fishing industry to a certain death . 
  keep in mind that this will directly impact the poorest region of france , how can we say that you are a good partner after that ? 
  again , it 's just the basics of negotiation and the application of game theory to it : if you want your partner to act positively toward you , you need to act positively toward them . 
  if you act negatively toward them , chances are they will act negatively toward you . 
  the uk pays for having its immigration issues being left in france , all the controls are made by the french police on french soil . 
  basically the uk border is in calais and in gare du nord . 
  when you negotiate , you say `` what about that treaty , how can we change it with the current situation '' , if you decide unilaterally to leave it , you are not negotiating it but you just give no choice to the other party . 
  he has said he wanted to renegotiate it , not presenting the uk with a fait accompli ( is that expression used in the uk ? 
  i have never heard it but that 's how wordreference translated it ) . 
  fun fact : i just checked and macron said he wanted to renegotiate it , but for some reasons sputnik news , russia today and the dailymail interpreted it as just cancelling it . 
  the truth is he really said `` ren\u00e9gocier '' . 
   armed british police on board ferries in french water ? 
  i thought we were tending to take control back of our water ... you seem very confident in the capacity of the uk to control their border , but i remember a time when the situation was so desperate that the uk asked a treaty to make france take care of that . 
  anyway , i stay in my position : bad signal triggers a bad response , the time when you were in position to blackmail us is over and unfortunately the british people will suffer from the arrogance of its political class . 
  but i guess that you understand , your people do what is best for your people , ours will do the same . 
  sad that we had to reach that point , but we are not in the napoleonic era anymore : the continent is united and standing together . 
  was n't that the situation that y' all have tried to avoid for centuries ? 
  they are part of the eu until 2019 , and this treaty was subject to a deal with the eu . 
  i am not aware of any treaties being cancelled after the brexit referundum , maybe we should begin with the touquet agreement , what would you think if we opened your border without any discussion beforehand ? 
  they are playing a dangerous game . 
  why would france and the netherlands agree to a nice brexit if the uk destroys our fishing industry ? 
  i 'm sorry for the british , but france wo n't let the only functioning industry of the pas de calais coast being plummeted without response . 
  in the game theory , a bad signal triggers a bad response . 
  yes they do . 
  for example , france is a `` la\u00efc '' country , meaning that the state and the churches are totally separated . 
  this law passed in 1905 , and alsace lorraine was under german occupation at the time . 
  when france got it back , it 's the old system called `` concordat '' which was founded by napol\u00e9on that applied . 
  so imams , priests and rabbins are paid by the alsace region , while in the rest of france it 's not the case . 
  this is so nice to see people being understanding of other 's opinion on that subject , in france proponent say that if you 're against , you 're homophobic . 
  to give you an idea , simone veil died today , and a lot of people wants her to go the pantheon , where all great french people are buried . 
  some say it should n't be the case because when she was 85 years old , she was at a demonstration against the gay marriage , not understanding that an 85 years old woman might have a different vision of what constitutes a marriage . 
  absolutely . 
  british and german though , they worked together in spite of the colonial competition toward a goal : make booze in china . 
  it then became japanese , and the japanese used the brewery to brew asahi , the famous japanese beer . 
  so the most famous japanese beer is actually chinese , but is actually british-german . 
  it was then made a state-owned company and i think they are now publicly traded . 
  other fun fact about that beer : chinese people in qingdao used to drink it in large bowl in the 50s , then in empty food can , and now they order their beer in plastic bag . 
  i do n't know how they drink it though . 
  edit : [ pics of people buying beer in a plastic bag ] ( https://imgur.com/a/zvr9j ), 
   i have heard that a lot of expats in china are very rude and think they are superior , it 's true . 
  the friends i visited in china are tired of some of the chinese behaviors , and become kind of aggressive toward them : for example the fact that some taxi do n't want to use the taximeter because they think they are tourists , or that chinese people do n't mind of others when they walk or are supposed to wait in line . 
  those are little things , but it gets on their nerve in the end as they fail to adapt , and they tend to look down on chinese people . 
  i 'm leaving soon to study a year in taiwan , so i hope i 'll be able to adapt , and not think negatively of the chinese culture . 
  it 'd be sad to happen , i would n't be able to enjoy it as much . 
  qingdao is extremely touristic in china actually , mostly chinese tourists though . 
  so chinese remember qingdao ( it 's also the city of the most consumed beer in china , so it helps ) . 
  yeah i can speak a bit chinese so i could get along with them , and learn that the clams was a local recipe when i talked to the street food vendor !, 
  it 's true that speaking a bit chinese helps when you travel there , chinese are so happy when they see a laowai speaking their language !, 
  was there 2 weeks ago !, 
  what is impressive is that the german only stayed 17 years before the japanese invaded the city in 1914 , yet their presence deeply impacted the architecture there . 
  the famous brewery tsingtao was founded there by the german in 1904 , as the soldiers were bored far from home . 
  op if you are still in qingdao you have to try the clams !, 
  it was a field during the french revolution in 1790 . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/f\u00eate_de_la_f\u00e9d\u00e9ration# ), 
  soon , we 'll try to pass a bill for more integration , asking europe to be divised in [ 130 d\u00e9partements . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/130_departments_of_the_first_french_empire ), 
  they said it on tv . 
  sorry no better source . 
  i have never travelled alone . 
  europe is not that dangerous , and the language barrier is not that strong , but did n't you feel lonely and safe all the time ? 
  how did you feel up your free time ? 
  sorry about those questions , but you say ama !, 
  you missed a very nice city , but i guess you have seen a lot of them in your trip !, 
  your trip seems awesome man , congratulations !, 
  you did all that by yourself ? 
  you did n't go in toulouse after andorra ? 
  on your map it seems like you went there . 
  i do n't think hulot is going to close nuclear plants to open coal plants . 
  he 'll go full renewable . 
  it 's cheap , and renault ( which owns dacia ) was already well established in north africa , as those were french colonies . 
  theoretically no , but due to the high abstention ( you need 12,5 % of the * registered * voters to get to the 2nd round ) we only have one 2nd round with 3 candidates out of 570ish second rounds . 
  there were a lot more in 2012 ( we even had one 2nd round with 4 candidates iirc ), 
  japan was for more advanced than us , they cut the lips and the nose to show that they indeed kill a man ( facial hair ) . 
  any candidates getting 12,5 % of the registered voters can get in the 2nd round , it means there can be 3 or 4 candidates in the 2nd round . 
  english longbowmen used those two fingers to shoot their bow . 
  french people did n't really like those bowmen , so when they captured english bowmen , they just cut one finger to prevent them from using a bow again . 
  so basically english people were showing off their two fingers to show that they still could shoot , and french people were showing their middlefinger to show that they were going to cut it . 
  in austria , it was because the result of the election was too tight . 
  i do n't know about the uk system but here in france , the president can call elections to change the parliament . 
  chirac did it in 1997 and lost an overwhelmingly big majority to a cohabitation government with the socialist party !, 
  so it really can backfire . 
  the president can do that once a year i believe , but they almost never do anymore . 
  same for italy , the leader of the government can call new election every period of time . 
  in spain , there were several elections in quite a short time because their was no majority that were forming , noone had the majority in parliament . 
  this can happen because we have more than 2 parties . 
  there are cheaper cities in france : lyon , bordeaux , nice , lille , strasbourg . 
  all those cities have wonderful life quality that you can not find everywhere in america . 
  salaries are lower , but imagine your program just got defunded by trump 's administration , then going to paris is a good thing . 
  i say that as a debt free student , if i were american , for a school as good as mine , i 'd be at least $ 250,000 in debt , so salary would be more important for me than it is now . 
  except that for cheaper than a porsche ( new york ) you get a bugatti ( paris ) !, 
  i really love my city .
