  it 's usually an extra for their shitty sugarish coffee , but you can just order it without anything else . 
  it 'll be 80 cents too !, 
  polls predict a 24 % lead for macron in the 2nd round . 
  + cost of life, 
  yeah but everything is cheaper in spain , and there are less tax on alcohol , so hard to compare . 
  your 5 $ bottle of wine in spain would n't be a 5 $ one in france . 
  ( it 's made with wine and i felt the need to shitpost after [ that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wun9i/ham_from_barbaric_lands_north_of_the_pyrenees_and/?st=izr9jpau&amp;sh=5640e6ed ) , you 'll also notice i took the worst kind of sangria i could vs very good bottle of wine ), 
  the only thing i know is that when i go see my french black friend that live on the 6th floor , i ring on the intercom and he tells me :  monte , n\u00e9gro * * come up , nigga, 
  today 's cheese was a [ rocamadour ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rocamadour_cheese ) , a creamy goat cheese , whose name comes from the very nice village of [ rocamadour ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/10/rocamadour_overview.jpg ) . 
  there was also a small piece of comt\u00e9 in the evening , 
  ca n't hear you over the sound of me eating cheese !, 
  it was a very much alive rivalry in the xviith century :d, 
   uk and france . 
  england only . 
  and germany tried to create a rivalry in the last 150 years , but we do n't really care . 
  france and england , wales and england , ireland and england , scotland and england , netherlands and england . 
  that was hollande . 
  the valls and macron side tried to do a reform : hamon 's side refused it and threatened not to vote for it . 
   i like him extending unemployment benefits to the self-employed and entrepreneurial `` battlers '' it is indeed a good idea . 
  entrepreneurship is needed as it can bring innovation . 
  however , entrepreneurship is risky because you can work a lot and still fail . 
  it means that you can work a lot , lose your investment and ending up without any income . 
  opening the unemployment benefits to entrepreneurs will lower the risk of entrepreneurship and will give an incentive to people to try to innovate and create wealth on their own !, 
  that 's a moule frites et de la bi\u00e8re , typical dish in the north of france, 
  he supports welcoming refugees , not all the migrants , so not algeria . 
  please , it worked on * british * people . 
  btw , you should really be worry if she 's elected because she wants to kick the refugees back to the border , and unlike the brits , y' all share a border with us !, 
  yeah but we are going to build a wall in the mediterranean sea and we 'll make algeria pay for it, 
  yeah but not the same le pen , and not the same platform . 
  she did today , she said he wanted to create a highway for migrants between algeria and france . 
  germanic *, 
  le pen has a socialist and protectionist economic program, 
  honestly it reminds me lyon !, 
  after the armistice . 
  they never passed the french bunker actually . 
  200 italian died , 600 were injured . 
  the whole 9 french soldiers survived . 
  actually , i 've heard that two of them were converted ( so white people ) . 
  all of them were born here . 
  at least two of them were converted . 
  funny how you judge the man by what your acquaintances say about him rather than what he says . 
  macron is in favor of liberalism and individual protection , he is not rising in the polls for nothing . 
  and you also did n't include the best master in management , banks recruit a lot from them too ( around 20 % of the graduate go in the financial industry ) . 
  there are maybe 7 french schools in the top 20 !, 
  france and paris have made a lot of regulatory change in the past years . 
  you always forget all the new jobs that it will create and that you do n't see !, 
  cars allow a more efficient transportation system , increasing trades and generating jobs !, 
  the robots wo n't fully replace the workers , in the meantime , it will help them ( it does already help them ) . 
  more jobs have been created thanks to the phone than telegraph ever have created ( phone sales for example ! ), 
  believe in the future , and see the opportunity in this !, 
  we wo n't kill ourselves , we will create a better world !, 
  `` basically almost anyone if he had a minimal capacity to work he could get the job done . 
  the final product was n't anymore massively dependent on the human skill , at least not as before . '', 
  same with automation , the use of robots allow a very minimal training of workers . 
  you can for example us virtual reality to train a worker on a new machine !, 
  i have a question for you : do you know what automation looks like in a factory ? 
  have you visited a state of the art factory ? 
  seriously , the robots and automation is creating a very safe and efficient environment , it creates value , and does not destroy jobs ... people said the same thing about mechanization , you just do n't see the new jobs that automation will create because they do n't exist yet !, 
  remember that 90 % of the creation of jobs of the last ten years , are jobs that did n't exist 20 years ago !, 
  automation is probably going to create more jobs than it will destroy , the same way mechanization created more jobs than it destroyed . 
  they have not been invented yet , but we 'll need people trained to those new jobs . 
  this is the reason why macron wants to reform the `` droit \u00e0 la formation '' and create a new right : `` droit \u00e0 la mobilit\u00e9 professionnelle '' to allow everyone to be able to change jobs and join new industries as the needs will come . 
  for example , soon we will need more people in the `` silver economy '' ( everything revolving around the seniors ) !, 
  also , to encourage innovation ( and the creation of new jobs ) , macron wants to give unemployment benefits to entrepreneurs , to reward their work even if it fails . 
  do n't be that pessimistic , macron is popular for a reason , 
  used to , now renault is clearly the best ( ds is nice too but expensive ! ), 
  i did n't call you racist , i called you and those who vote for m\u00e9lenchon extremists , because that is what you are . 
  extremists with extreme positions that are not looking for the concorde . 
  and you you are the typical french person . 
  you hate moving forward , you are afraid of the change , you waste everyone 's time criticizing those who actually do something , and you criticize without even listening or trying to understand , all of this based on an ideology that you have and refuse to challenge . 
  i bet you are going to vote for melenchon , or le pen , and you think that everyone should agree with those two extremists or they are plain stupid . 
  the northest point of the c\u00f4te d'alb\u00e2tre is ault , and ault is kinda far away from england . 
  i 've never seen it from there , but every time i have been in ault the weather was bad . 
  on the c\u00f4te d'opale , england seems small even from boulogne sur mer which is 80km more north from ault ( and it really has to be a sunny day ) , the best viewpoints are cap griz nez and cap blanc nez . 
  after all , i ve never crossed the channel , so i would n't know , but cote d'albatre is really more south . 
  do n't think so , i think it 's from the french side . 
  source : my family is from there . 
  on the french side you 'd see different colours of cliffs ( cap griz nez is grey for example ) . 
  no , they counted the number of fire departures this year , instead of the number of burnt cars !, 
  there will be a debate once the article 50 is triggered . 
  you ca n't negotiate now to get another deal made specifically for you , you trigger the process , then we 'll debate . 
  forced by who ? 
  you ? 
  5,8 mistrals actually if we deduct what you get  in fact , the real question is : why did no one wanted to buy it from us ? 
  why did we have to accept the loss ? 
  but i know , you 're happy , you have nato with you , you know that there are french nuclear missiles ready to attack anyone attacking you , so you do n't invest in your defense . 
  russia sees that and shot down your civil planes , but then what do you do ? 
  you ask other to pay the price for you . 
  because you are unable to defend yourselves . 
  you know , from our point of view , you sound like `` nato will help and france , uk and the us will spend all their money and soldiers to defend us so that we do n't have to '' . 
  i think you should pay a bit more tax to be able to defend yourself , then you 'll have the ability to stand the punishment you re putting on russia . 
  my solution is easy : if you want to stop someone from doing something , you should be able to stop him . 
  so stop bullshitting and do something , but fillon is going to talk to putin because he knows that it 's not with weak eu members that he ll be able to preserve france interest, 
  `` major '' `` 300 personnel , 7 helicopters '' the intervention started in january 2011 btw . 
  we literally illegally cancel a several billions contract for you . 
  maybe we lost more doing that than your entire contribution to the eu budget !, 
  yet we see that the more we punish them , the more agressive they are . 
  it is not safe to entrench russia , we need to work with them . 
  if we keep punishing them , we should be ready for the outcomes , and clearly france is the only one who can do anything in the eu . 
  i recall you that during 30 years , our defense plan was `` if ussr attacks us , we need to be able to destroy 40 % of their country '' .
