well it 's free and not too cold . 
  norse countries are also free . 
  in france it also might be but it wo n't be in english !, 
  do n't worry buddy , do n't invest in universities , spend your money on fun and go study for free in germany, 
  in france we pay as much tax and we 're light years from those services . 
  we had the same problems with refugees from afghanistan in my school , you scored against him in football and you got beat up . 
  we never had those kind of troubles with refugees from ivory coast , probably because they were the one beating us at football . 
  i 'm just going to state some facts , no opinion : lobbying is great because our members of the parliament can not be expert in all the things they are voting , the lobbyist brings them some expertise in technical fields so that the parliamentarians can know what they are voting for . 
  lobbying is bad because our members of the parliament can be influenced more by the richer and more powerful lobby , sometimes against what is right . 
  also 33 % of those who think that a brexit would be bad for the english economy want them to leave . 
  we are great . 
  their communication is indeed really bad , we always have the feeling that we do n't have our words in the debate . 
  they do not try to communicate on why they do things and how they can and have improved our lives so that leaves a big vacuum for the populist to say a bunch of bullshits that pleases the people . 
  if they just spent a bit more time saying `` we set up new regulations for banks that will avoid you losing your money '' i 'm sure people will like it . 
  i think that integration should be like in the us , but with a weaker federal government , more about only stating the basic principles of the law , taking care of the defense and the money ( they already have the money ) and the countries could after legislate on the rest , a bit like the states in the us have different laws . 
  a funny thing when i lived in south carolina on the border with georgia , bikers were stopping in the middle of a bridge to wear a helmet that was required in georgia but not in sc . 
  however , i do n't see any future for myself in france , i do not speak any other language than english and french and i refuse to go live in england so i think i 'll go to the us . 
  i do not like the path the eu and my country are taking . 
  that 's sad but when i see that my friends who have degree can not find a job while they are looking in the entire country ( and france is big ) , that makes me think it 's time to move . 
  do n't worry , i 've got mononucleosis so i 'm stuck at home with nothing to do , no appetite and i barely sleep at night , so i 'm always happy to help !, 
  yeah , the euro is also a political move as it 's a step toward a bigger integration of all the countries in the eu . 
  nevertheless i think that it 's a good thing , the life was easy when we were the most developed countries , but now the world is developed , we have to compete with them , do you really think the little belgium could do anything against a giant like china ? 
  probably they could n't , but a union of 22 small or medium sized rich countries could do something . 
  that 's political , but beneficial !, 
  see texas , that 's why everybody is afraid of you and do n't want to go to playdate with you, 
  you ca n't see the benefits if you were not really involved in international trades before the economic and monetary union . 
  to give you an idea , between 1995 and 2012 trades between the country of the eurozone has been multiplied by 2,3 . 
  in the world , the volume of all the trades has been multiplied by 2,5 , more than in the eurozone but you must consider that it was the period of growth of countries like china and other emerging countries that were really behind us , so it allowed us to keep the pace . 
  between 2000 and 2006 , the trades among the country of the eurozone grew by 88 % , while the trade with the uk by only 55 % on the same period . 
  [ source in french ] ( http://www.bsi-economics.org/400-commerce-intra-zone-bilan ) also , you must be careful with the comparisons with other countries , if you compare to an emerging country then they will always have a better growth than us . 
  now we did n't do good because of the financial crisis ( whose greece was the trigger ) , the ecb is trying everything they can to give incentives to banks to loan money , but in the same time they increased the regulations on the banking sector . 
  it 's good for the future financial stability but those new regulations required banks to secures a bigger part of the money they had ( kind of , it 's hard to explain ) , they can not use that money to loan to companies or people , they must keep it in case of a crisis , so basically they can not loan as much as before . 
  also , there are the economic policies of each country , hell we elected a socialist president , it costs almost 20 $ an hour to employ a guy on the minimum wage here so it does n't necessarily helps us . 
  i know that the eu seems distant and useless , but it 's actually working , you can get your licence in erasmus university , then a master in sciences po and then a doctorate in bocconi universita , that alone is an outstanding progress . 
  and your country sure benefited of the euro , now when we want to buy weed , we do not have to change currency !, 
  bless your heart . 
  a lot of college students speak english , they still fail english classes because it requires them to understand something . 
  but seriously , i know we 're on reddit and stuff , but i lived in the south , i have some manners . 
  i am sorry for the loss of your friends , they greatly served the us , the death of friends is the hard toll that reminds us that freedom is not free . 
  whatever , do n't judge people on the country they were born , i did not choose it . 
  saying `` typical french '' and then making fun of ww2 was stupid , you obviously do not understand the human toll they paid in ww1 to make them not wanting to fight . 
  lafayette appreciate your grandfather . 
  i 'm surprised that as an american you can not understand written english though , `` even when they came to liberate you ( napol\u00e9on ) that was to create a puppet state '' does not mean `` we created your ass you did not exist lol '' . 
  i know how old is the polish nation , i also know that when it was under the rules of the prussian , they `` liberated '' it just to create a puppet state ( and that was the first liberation , after it was 1919 , and 1945 ) . 
  and i 'm going to teach you something : your grand father served your country , not you . 
  i did not lose any war , my ancestors did . 
  i know a lot of military guys in the us , and none of them bragged to me like you did , in fact they would be ashamed of you , and would ask you to stop using someone else 's accomplishment as yours . 
  and bless your heart . 
  a low euro would mean that you devaluate the money and created inflation , germany does n't want that , they hate inflation due to the hyperinflation in the twenties . 
  that 's actually them that fight the idea of a low euro . 
  and it can not really harmonize , because we all have different resources . 
  i 'm going to use an international trade theory called hecksher ohlin model . 
  the resources are also called factor of production . 
  it can be land , length of coast , situation compared to the international trade routes , education of the people , cost of labor or pretty much anything you use a lot to produce something ( that 's a theory so it 's simplified , reality is so complex in economy ) . 
  so that theory states that as the countries are differently supplied in factors of production , they will produce and export to another country a good whose factors of productions are relatively cheaper ( or more abundant ) than in the other country . 
  also , they will import the goods whose factors of productions are relatively more expensive ( less abundant ) in their country . 
  an example would help you understand : switzerland is abundant in capital thanks to their strong banking sector but they lack coast . 
  italy has a lot of coast , but relatively has less capital than switzerland . 
  so switzerland will export its capital to italy and will import fish from italy . 
  basically , it 's a development of ricardo 's theory of comparative advantage , you can read more here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heckscher\u2013ohlin_model careful , that 's a theory , so it has its limits , it does n't take everything in account . 
  now the goal of euro was not to give us the same economy , it was to suppress the cost of trading between different currencies . 
  if you produced in deutschmark and exported to france therefore getting paid in franc , the rate between the two currencies could drastically change between the moment of production and the moment where the money is exchanged . 
  even a 2 cents increase can be catastrophic on a multibillion contract . 
  so what you had to do was to use a derivative product , it 's like an insurance on the future price of a product ( a currency in that case , but it can be anything ) . 
  that eliminated the risk , but it had a cost . 
  now with the euro , we do n't have that problem when we trade among us . 
  example : you produced an heineken and it costed you 5 gulden , i say i will buy it for 5 francs ( let 's say at the moment we signed the contract 1 gulden = 1 franc ) . 
  but the moment it 's time for me to buy it i give you 5 francs and the exchange rate is now 0,5 gulden = 1 franc . 
  so you convert the money and you only have 2,5 gulden instead of 5 . 
  now with the euro , we do not have that problem !, 
  to be clearer , the maastricht criteria are not so important for country with a strong developed economy like germany , france , netherlands or even for italy . 
  what went bad , is that greece lied on their accounts to join the eurozone , they pretended to be way healthier than they were in reality ( they made a complicated financial package with goldman sachs ) , but when the crisis provoked by the subprimes ( a subprime is someone whose credit ratings are inferior to the standards and no loans should have been given to them ) touched europe , their fragility sent them in depression bringing with them other countries ( italy for example would have had much less issues without the greece ) . 
  the maastricht criteria are also called euro convergence criteria and were made so that all the economy would have as healthy . 
  those criteria are : * a government budget deficit ratio inferior to 3 % of the gdp * government debt to gdp ratio inferior to 60 % of the gdp ( france and germany were at that ratio when the agreement was signed then they increased it because they thought they were smart enough and there was no penalty so it led other country to do the same ) * inflation in the last 12 months inferior to a certain value * exchange rate stability ( the value of the older currency should not move much more than the others european currency ) * long term interest rate should be inferior to 2 % more than the average of the other countries . 
  basically greece respected only one or two of those criteria , and hid that behind the financial package . 
  crisis in ireland was more due to its economy tied to the financial sector ( so was cyprus ) and spain had a bubble on housing ( they were buildings a lot of stuff than in the end nobody bought , like the flowers in the netherlands a few centuries back ! ), 
  yes , i was with a basque friend and the waiter refused to let us pour ourselves the bottle of cider we bought and he served it the wrong way ( you have to raise the bottle really high so that it will oxygenate , and you only serve a small amount and he served it like a beer ) when we pointed that out , he told us he knew better , my friend answered in basque and then the waiter left with the bottle . 
  so 5 $ tip ( not even sorry ) . 
  i had hope in you son, 
  i mean the best dish i had was in a basque restaurant in nyc , but that 's not american food and it costed us $ 150 for two , food was worth it , service was horrible . 
  the worst one ? 
  i rushed a fraternity , so use your imagination , and yes , you can shudder . 
  american so pro-nato over everything , if anti eu then you wo n't accept to acknowledge any good thing from the eu . 
  vietnam and korea were proxy wars ? 
  have some fucking respect for the dead . 
  and eu began to built in 1954 , not in 1992 , they put their ressources of steel and `` charbon '' in common to rebuild the countries , no more war over the ruhr and alsace lorraine then . 
  because none of the countries respected the maastricht agreement, 
  you must be american or anti eu to say that . 
  overmilitarization has always created a conflict , us and ussr were in conflict in korea , vietnam , panama , cuba , colombia , chile , mozambique and others . 
  france and germany were two overmilitarized great power in 1914 , then there has been a war , like in 1870 , like in 1810 , like in 1939 . 
  since then , they are not at war and are great economic partners . 
  when you tie countries so much they are interdependent , they can not make war to each other because the risk is that by hurting their enemy they would hurt themselves . 
  i know we can not really say `` there would have been a war '' but we could calculate the aic ( that measures the heteroskedasticity between the explicative variables , you can find it by doing a logarithmic regression ) of those variables in order to know that . 
  you know it 's easy , you take war as the dependent variable ( dummy of course ) , as explicative variables you could use gdp , % of gdp in exportation to a neighboring nation and you find other possible explicative variables and you 'll find the result . 
  ( sorry bro , but as a finance grad student , i know my econometrics ) or you could just acknowledge that france was not a member of the nato during almost 50 years . 
  it 's not a democracy , it 's an aristocracy , i do n't care how it was in other places , we are not going to call cuba a democracy because north korea is worst . 
  it was the power of a privileged class that represented only 10 % of the population over 90 % of the rest , that 's called an aristocracy , that 's not called a democracy , i understand you love your country but deforming the truth is wrong . 
  it 's not because it has democratic principles that it is a democracy . 
  serfdom was already non existent in france at that time , so maybe peasants could not vote but they were free , so they had more rights than 90 % of the polish . 
  and that was not a democracy .
