  i love how you act smartass and then show the world you a racist biggot, 
  french were nice enough to fight while you were evacuating dunkirk . 
  it is worth noting that the french that evacuated to england were then dropped in britanny without any materials . 
  hard not to surrender without weapons . 
  offset accounted for 124 % of the value of the contract but airbus factories are not in pis strongholds . 
  you just asked for too much and played the big guy and you 'll get a much worse deal with other companies ( and worse helicopters too ! ), 
  poland got 85 billions of euros of subsidies only for the period 2014-2020 . 
  the only reason your government cancelled the deal is because airbus was going to build the caracas in regions where the pis is not in power while the competitors have factories in pis stronghold . 
  the airbus contract had better offset too , but in the end , i do n't care . 
  it 's you , polish taxpayers , that will pay the bill . 
  what did france do for poland ? 
  they declared war to germany when germany attacked poland . 
  and no french tombs in poland ? 
  well there was a country called the 3rd reich between them at that time , kinda hard to cross it to go die in poland . 
  no , the french helicopter was going to be built in poland , and create more than 3000 jobs . 
  but those jobs were going to be created in an opposition stronghold , not in places where the government has its acquaintances . 
  what is said in france is that the caracals were going to be built in an opposition stronghold and that 's why the government did n't choose them . 
  stupid idea , nato objectives are n't the same as the eu objectives . 
  moreover , the europeans have a control over their european parliament , not over the nato . 
  it 's weird to think that we are now the biggest army in europe . 
  we were during a long time but last century was pretty bad . 
  however , i think that the idea of a eu army is very good , together we are stronger , and it 's kind of stupid to think that if one of us is attacked , 27 of us will have to organize a coalition that could already exist . 
  yeah , with all your knowledge about france and their political system , please explain me how madame le pen can hold a referendum . 
  le pen wo n't be elected . 
  she is hated by most , she has 25 % of positive opinions , she can get to the second tour of the elections but she wo n't be able to win . 
   all face coverings should be banned in public , not just those associated with muslims . 
  it is the case in france , with the exceptions of some carnavals by local decrees . 
  the same for the veil in the public school , you do n't have the right to have any religious object if it can be seen by the others ( you can have a cross jewelry under your clothes for example ) . 
  i think we got too far with the burkini though . 
  even a bit for the burka , it made more people wear it afterward . 
  the numbers differ according to the sources , set wikipedia in spanish and you 'll see that french is 6th . 
  there are 270 millions people speaking french in the world , and it 's the fastest growing language actually ( they speak french in a large part of africa ) . 
  so i doubt there are 2,7 billions of english speaker on the planet . 
  we ca n't hear you over the sound of our world cup, 
  i took drugs until 5am so i just woke up and miss the show . 
  no , a democracy includes human rights . 
  if it does n't it 's not a democracy . 
  do n't mistake the rule of the majority with democracy . 
  the rule of the the majority is everyone gets to vote and the majority wins , a democracy hold the fundamental rights of the people above that principle . 
  when the rabbi says `` undemocratic '' , he is referring to the human rights inherent in a true democracy . 
  the definition of a democracy is very clear , it includes the power to the majority , but also the individual freedom ( and a few other things ) . 
  ok , i want you to find me an acceptable definition that says `` the decision is made according to 50 % +1 of the voters '' . 
  that 's what you say democracy is , bring the proof . 
  if my sentence was wrong , you could have corrected me instead of being a plain asshole , i speak different languages and sometimes it 's hard to switch grammar ( 4 different languages spoken in the last 5 minutes ) . 
  anyway , what i wanted to say is that the democracy is not only the people being involved in the decision process , it 's also and most importantly the protection of human rights . 
  it 's not because 90 % of the people want something that it 's democratic . 
  and i 'm not the one who say it , i 'm actually quoting a human rights lawyer in zimbabwe . 
  no , the democracy is a system of government in which all the people are involved in making decisions . 
  another aspect of the democracy is the protection of human rights . 
  if a decision of the people is treading on your rights , then it 's not democratic . 
  want an example ? 
  you are in a room with 100 people , 90 vote to rape you . 
  is that democratic ? 
  absolutely not , because they tread on your rights . 
  democracy is not about the percentage of the population that wants something , it 's about preserving the natural rights of a human being . 
  if you are in a room with 100 persons and 90 of them vote to rape you , that 's not democracy . 
  now the chief rabbi considers that as undemocratic because he sees it as a religious belief , and therefore a right . 
  what is not democratic * in my opinion * , is that you are forcing a human being that can not give his consent . 
  if matuidi was booked for an accumulation of fouls , why is that that the portuguese asked for a red ? 
  why did the portuguese acted like he was hurt by matuidi when it was the ball ? 
  no , pepe pushed a french player really violently and quaresma ( or smth like that ) did john cena on kolscieny . 
  also , matuidi was booked for nothing also . 
  i have never seen any french people saying that was not totally unfair to you . 
  really . 
  a lot of us wanted to kick henry out of the team . 
  stop assuming our thoughts ... we also know that this year against you , you deserved a corner and the lloris 's kick lead to the second goal . 
  we know that . 
  the thing we are bitter about is the yellow card ... kolscieny could not tackle afterward and he let eder score . 
  hope you wo n't crash and burn . 
  but i think you would have been better off in the eu ... see , you just lost the erasmus program , the greatest thing ever : you 'll miss being able to see nice butts from all over the continent while staying at home . 
  as clarkson said : roll up your sleeves and go to work , the shit shower ai n't gon na stop itself . 
  ( and as a french northerner , i know a lot of your compatriot that will be sad not to be able to come buy cheap alcohol here ), 
  dude chill out , i just told you where volatility comes from . 
  it 's the uncertainty that causes the volatility of the market , once we know where we 're heading , it 'll stabilize . 
  you have absolutely no bargaining power here . 
  we account for more than half your trade . 
  we have the eu passport for securities , you do n't have it anymore ( your securities wo n't be able to be traded in the eu , aka the richest market of the planet ) . 
  we even control your border , we could relocate the jungle of calais in dover in an instant . 
  everything you feared with the eu is going to happen . 
  you can not impose your terms , you are gone , accept the consequences . 
  banks will have to stay in london to trade in the uk , but to trade in the eu they 'll come to some much better places , do n't worry . 
  congratulations uk , you played yourself . 
  to be traded in the eu , a security must have a `` eu passport '' . 
  financial firms in london wo n't have it anymore , so they 'll move to other places ( probably frankfurt , maybe some in paris and some in milan ) to be able to be traded in the eu market which is way bigger than the uk one . 
  no i think that if you 're above 18 , then you could do it on your body . 
  that 's the point of human rights , you can do what you want when it 's only your concern . 
  when they block a refinery , they block the non strikers from working , and the majority is often non strikers . 
  no , only 8 % but a majority of them can become violent really quickly . 
  they strike first , do n't negotiate and strike again !, 
  it 's stupid to think that russia can give up on any claim they have . 
  he is dangerous and y' all blow him , if you spent half the time studying and listening other candidates , you would n't vote for him . 
  but he talks good , and makes youtube video !, 
  in a melenchon-le pen case , yes . 
  we still have macron though . 
  macron is still the favorite , but you know what happens to favorite ... 
  they are both extremely bad , but i will vote for le pen , and try not to give her parliamentary power . 
  there is absolutely no way she can get a majority in the assembly , while a leftist coalition might . 
  he has the perfect economic plan to ruin us and use the eu as a scapegoat ( he wants to increase the spending by 200 billion of euros , and to increase tax more than what they have been increased by both sarkozy and hollande ) . 
  no fucking way they would , cuz that 's insane . 
  but he talks good , so people are voting for him .
