  and i was making fun of y' all for the brexit ... 
  seems like i might move to london !, 
  maybe you want to hear about the concessions he is asking : * stop the independence of the european central bank . 
  allowing the purchase by the ecb of government bonds . 
  forbidding the ecb to stop giving liquidity to a european country ( free money everyone , paid by germany ! ), 
  * devaluate the euro to get the parity with the dollar ( no reason to do something like that , i have no fucking clue what he is doing , i think he wants to increase inflation , he needs a 4 % inflation for his program , that is against the maastricht criteria of course ) . 
  * bring the finance to heel , forbid toxic securities , tax financial transactions , control the capital movement to prevent a speculative attack . 
  * organizing a conference on sovereign debt that will lead to a moratorium ( more time to reimburse ) , changing the structure of debt repayment , and cancelling some debts . 
  * stop the liberalization of public services ( railroad , telecom , energy ) * setting up a `` united protectionism '' : ending the free movement of goods between the eu and other countries , stopping the free trade policies that ruin europe and the european economy * ending social dumping inside the eu and quickly harmonize upwards the social and fiscal policies in the eu and a clause to forbid relapse of social rights . 
  * changing the common agricultural policy to warrant a self sufficiency , and relocate the agricultural model into an ecological one . 
  * something about warehouse gas i translated his program ( [ here ] ( https://laec.fr/section/51/plan-a-proposer-une-refondation-democratique-sociale-et-ecologique-des-traites-europeens-par-la-renegociation ) ) everything that is between brackets is by me , and yes i translated faithfully the words they use ( they say `` bring the finance to heel '' ) . 
  the results of those negotiations would lead to a referendum about france 's future in the eu . 
  no will say his supporters . 
  he just wants to make a meeting with russia to discuss about changing borders in europe . 
  yes , a new republic . 
  he wants to pull a cameron and negotiate an agreement with the eu or he 'll call for a referendum to leave . 
  the eiffel tower is so big that you can see it from lyon , more than 400 kilometers away . 
  that is the reason why someone answered a comment i made 142 days ago today !, 
  it was 40.000 $ of suits actually , and that 's usually 8000 $ a suit for that brand . 
  think a bit . 
  lighting a crisis is going to play erdogan 's game . 
  if we want to beat him , we have to beat his ideas , not fuel his nationalistic speeches . 
  why do n't we invite some of his opposition members to make a speech instead ? 
   for the last two months people talked about the schulz hype and how it will end * very soon * yet here we are . 
  every major poll so far this month has the spd standing at at least 30 % . 
  you also have that in germany ? 
  in france we have a macron bubble that is supposed to blow up soon since last year . 
  maybe eu lover , social liberal progressists are n't a bubble then . 
  when are your elections ? 
  do you think an election of macron could give some fuel to an election of schulz ? 
  ca n't wait to see the franco german couple moves europe forward !, 
  https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/crise_de_la_conscription_ ( 1944 ) it 's in french tho , article in english is not complete enough, 
   large parts of canada 's army were volunteers from quebec . 
  [ no , they were not , and again they were treated as 2nd class citizens , thank you for reminding it . 
  ] ( https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/crise_de_la_conscription_ ( 1944 ) )  just like how napolean treated the rest of europe ? 
  you are the one talking about napoleon , that was not the subject , but let 's talk about napoleonic wars . 
  there were coalitions of european kingdoms ( financed by the uk ) to stop the revolution in france . 
  why did they get involved in our affairs ? 
  we were attacked during the napoleonic wars , we defended our country . 
   brits and other allied soldiers died in dunkirk too . 
  many french soldiers made it to safety in britain , what 's your point ? 
  and disembarked without weapons in brittany . 
   also , do n't act like brits did n't die in that battle , they certainly did . 
  only 10 % of the captured allied soldiers were french , leaving the other 90 % being british and commonwealth countries . 
  yes , from india , they were part of the en d\u00e9route uk army . 
   the free french lead the defense * because they wanted to * . 
  they wanted to prove to the rest of the allies that they were a competent fighting force capable of operating with other armies . 
  the free french in this battle volunteered to be at the head of it . 
  the free french upper echelon was pestering allied high command to let them lead that operation . 
  no man , this is revisionism , you just are so arrogant . 
  and about :  lol no , nice historic revisionism though . 
  no , it 's actually famous that the siege of bir hakeim allowed the british army to reconstitute and stopped during 15 days the german army . 
  anyway , i 'm not going to argue anymore with you , i can see that you have only learnt the british point of view of history , and that is sad . 
  happy brexit . 
   canadians died in france to free it and french died in dunkirk to give time to the british to run back to their island , french died in bir hakeim to avoid the english army to be wiped out by rommel and ending the african campaign , do we always remind you that at every god damn opportunity ? 
  no , there are only americans and british to always reminding you the time they helped you and not the time they treated you like shit , so yes it happens that some canadians died in france during ww2 , but no i 'm not going to blow their dick and forget about how y' all treated the quebecer and the natives during centuries . 
  yeah , but without the ussr attacks on the east , no attacks would have been possible in the west . 
  damn y' all get fucking triggered so fast you forget to think, 
  the only time i remember the canadiens fighting for france , that was in the franco-indian wars . 
  i do n't think i need to recall you that they fought for the uk . 
  and did the uk really fought for france , or for itself and it happened that its interests were the same as the french 's ? 
  no , it 's not the same . 
  i 'd imagine a basque politician coming to france and telling the basques to separate however , and that 'd be a more accurate comparison . 
  ahah i know i like to trigger them !, 
  they need to see things from other point of views sometimes . 
  you are giving too much credit to americans and british in the organization of the resistance . 
  and the operation overlord was not the only invading operation of france , there was also the operation dragoon , that involved 270,000 french . 
  but i understand you need to keep that silent , you think you did everything in ww2 . 
  and europe was liberated thanks to the ussr , without them , d-day would never have succeeded, 
  but quebecer were happy , and that was the goal . 
  i understand but why is that moronic ? 
  do you want to ask r/quebec their input on that matter ? 
  american orders . 
  ( no you are giving way too much credit to britain and america ), 
  why ? 
  ( actually it was a popular uprising organized by the resistance , and the 2nd division blind\u00e9 arrived on the last day , and yes the first company to arrive of the 2nd db were spanish ), 
  [ for some reasons , they do n't like french politicians giving speeches in canada . 
  no it 's not , literally \u7f8e\u56fd means beautiful country , but it means america , and it was chosen for phonetic reasons , not for complimentary reasons . 
  and , i 'm not a native speaker , but i think that mei is only for women !, 
  mei \u7f8e does indeed means `` beautiful '' but it is only phonetic . 
  \u6cd5\u56fd france means country of the law , but it is only phonetic also !, 
   according to my chinese teacher , countries ** without ** a guo are not really countries for chinese . 
  and you are right , taiwan is a province according to them !, 
  btw how was it ? 
  i 'm enrolled in a double degree and i go to taipei next semester !, 
  guo in chinese means country . 
  the first syllable just sounds like the beginning of the word : * yingguo = ying sounds like eng in england . 
  * faguo = fa sounds like the beginning of france * meiguo ( us of america ) = mei sounds like the me in america . 
  according to my chinese teacher , countries without a guo are not really countries for chinese . 
  you know that in france , only individuals can give money to a party and no more than 7500 $ ? 
  you know that he has the support of a lot of people including a lot of former socialists such as the mayor of lyon ? 
   he has no program it 's funny that you comment that the day he presented his program . 
  moreover , if he win the presidency , his party can win the legislatives . 
  hollande did not have a majority when elected , 
  last summer , i went to french catalonia . 
  we crossed the border ( la jonquera ! ), 
  to get alcohol because it was half the price we got in france !, 
  so yes , we make more money in france , but if i had to spend 5 $ in alcohol , i 'd chose spain instead of france , cuz i could get drunker . 
  a cooked ham and a dry ham , so i 'm shitposting with a straight wine and a wine with fruits !, 
  next time you go to starbucks in america , just order an extra espresso .
