  if every eu members did have such a plan , we would n't be crying at russia not giving a fuck on our sanctions . 
  they 'd give us the respect we deserve . 
  russia plays its interest . 
  the thing is eu has no real bargaining power , especially with the brexit . 
  there is only one remaining country that has the ability to stand against russia and it is france . 
  france does n't want war and will talk to russia instead of punishing them . 
  if you disagree , please play with your options , but you do n't have any . 
  how are you going to stop russia ? 
  if you want another option , please invest in your defense , france is now the only country able to defend itself , and we ca n't defend everyone . 
  european countries have been dependent from nato for too long , we need to have a real defense . 
  but until then , we wo n't play your warmonger game you ca n't defend . 
  so you support argentinian claim on the falklands ? 
  english are only immigrants over there . 
  would be nice if we made a count on what everyone gave  a bit like with mali , everyone participated : france sent thousand of soldiers , planes , used an air carrier , sent reconstruction money , and other countries sent 10 instructors . 
  we want more than the minimum in foreign matters . 
  when jihadists take over a country 100 miles from malta , we do n't care , but when there are eastern ukrainians that do not feel represented in a new government because they identify as russians , then it 's a huge issue . 
  let 's talk through that , imposing sanctions and hoping that will be fine is not going to work , how are american and cuban relations going , 55 years after the embargo ? 
  if we brought peace in europe , it 's thanks to the inclusion of everyone , not exclusion . 
  you want apology , but do you even have the leverage for that ? 
  we did n't see your input when france got attacked too , we saw russia 's . 
  if you want to influence what we 'll do , then you need to help us . 
  when a russian backed revolt shot down a plane coming from amsterdam , we stopped selling weapons to russia , we were on the frontline to give them sanctions . 
  when we got attacked by jihadists , the only countries who did something to help us were russia and the us . 
  time to rethink your participation in the eu , if you do n't help us while we lose billions helping you , your opinion on our foreign relations wo n't matter . 
  russia will stay in eastern europe , wether they give you apologies or not , so we 'll play the game with them , wether you like it or not . 
  maybe we should all be big guys and talk to our neighbor ? 
  treating them , not as enemies , but neighbors might help improve our relationship , do n't you think ? 
  the plessis theory has not been confirmed . 
  le plessis robinson is not directly near plaisir also . 
  the name of the city shares the same radical as placere also . 
  i also think that they did n't speak a very proper latin in france back then !, 
  it all makes sense when you know you 're asking how his bowel movement is going . 
  it does actually !, 
  it was called placicium in the 7th century , and that is the latin for `` it pleases '' . 
  there is no cities in france with 10\u00a0000\u00a0000 inhabitants . 
  if you meant 10k inhabitants , then plaisir is bigger !, 
  i do what i want , read all the comments and stop being so annoying, 
  too bad it 's in france , so we remember merah . 
  well , jean dubois is more common in france . 
  you do n't call your child like a terrorist , if your family name is merah , too bad you change it if you want to call your first born muhamed , that 's it . 
  it was . 
  it lasted a few days , killing militaries and then shooting a jewish schools , killing 5 years old . 
  it shocked the country , we remember his name . 
  i do n't remember all the others , but i will never forget mohamed merah . 
  it 's like if someone was called osama bin laden, 
  those towers were supposed to be built in 2012 , yet there are still people living in the buildings that should have been demolished 5 years ago !, 
  french media have absolutely no idea what 's going on in the us , they literally translated the news from american media that were extremely biased during this election . 
  the difference with russians is that the us did n't invade any european country in the last 5 years , and we do n't like very much russians bombers patrolling the english channel or forbidding gay people to kiss in the street . 
  we also have difficulties with them rigging their elections , the high level of racism or them supporting the byelorussian dictatorship . 
  high speed trains require a special infrastructure , while highways already exist . 
  buses are driving the prices of trains down already , as they are a cheaper competitor . 
  bus lines between agglomerations were forbidden . 
  we have a lot of high speed trains , but they do n't go everywhere and are not that cheap . 
  to be fair , fillon used the money for himself , the other parties used the european money for their national activities because the parties lacked money due to their poor number of representatives . 
  the funniest thing ever was that they called themselves `` les pedes '' in their memes , which means `` faggots '' in france . 
  they did n't say that on france 5 , they said it could n't build such a ship . 
  the only one big enough to make an aircraft carrier to pair with the charles de gaulle . 
  french here . 
  i might be a minority , but i agree with you , it was not very cool to nationalize stx when you were trying to build an airbus-like company for ships . 
  for our defense , french fear that in case of a crisis , an italian public company will always protect its domestic jobs . 
  it 's our last shipyard that can make military ships , so that is also why we are cautious about letting it go in foreign hands , keeping the military independence has always been in the agenda of our country ( nuclear warheads designed by ourselves for instance ) . 
  i think that italy deserves to have some leadership in the union . 
  france made airbus exactly by acquiring foreign compagnies . 
  just like you guys are trying to do . 
  you are a founder member , you deserve better . 
  plus , i fear that it 's a political decision too , he needs to show he also makes left-wings politics . 
  he is lowering housing aids , deleting a tax on big wealth , decreasing spendings , passing new works laws , he is very criticized by the left . 
  he needs to give them something to be happy about , and it 's just 90 millions , pretty cheap to get done what he really wants in a relative peace . 
  i 'm very sour when our political decisions impacts negatively so dear neighbors and partners like you , i hope you guys will understand why macron did it , but i want you to know that i 'm sorry about it . 
  this is not what europe should be . 
  you 're right , but macron slapped italy again today by deciding to nationalize stx and prevent its acquisition by an italian public group that aims to create an airbus-like company for boats . 
  i think he should be careful not to humiliate the italians , they too deserve to be treated like partners . 
  they are also founders of the eu , they need to have some leadership too . 
  there was a huge scandal a few years ago about that . 
  like an insane number of rapes , including collective , and most of the aggressors were from pakistani origins and the girls white . 
  i remember a journalist calling it out or something like that , and it made like a huge scandal , proofs were undeniable . 
  partly true regarding the belgium . 
  the other explanation is that they thought that a large army crossing the ardennes woods was impossible . 
  it 's very nice actually , they reenact historic scenes such as a gladiator fight , knight tournament , vikings attack . 
  it 's well done , and worth a visit . 
  the tests took place in france , french polynesia is france , that was my point . 
  i understand why you think that , but it is a burden one has to take . 
  do n't forget that our sacrifice to our morality benefits to you europeans : we bear the morality cost for us europeans to have the ability to defend ourselves . 
  we can not argue in favor of an economic alliance if we can not protect it , one member having the bomb gives weight in the diplomatic scene to each member because we are protected by the bomb . 
  the russia needs to know that even with trump at the head of the us , we are all untouchables . 
  the us needs to understand that we will not beg for its protection to sacrifice further our values . 
  this is an advantage to us all , and france alone has to bear the morale price to have become a destroyer of the world . 
  do n't forget that french air forces are patrolling in the baltic countries to show force to the russian bombers that illegally crosses the aerial area . 
  we need the bomb , risks are real . 
  today , macron is leading the ecological change by promoting a lot of international legal treaties . 
  we can do that because we can be heard , so again , it 's for the greater goal . 
  we all hold the same values , but it is about survival , and here we survive together . 
  i have actually , my grandfather died of cancer like a lot of his comrades , he participated in the nuclear program as a conscript . 
  ( in algeria actually , in a region that was inhabited by more locals than in polynesia ) . 
  it has failures , i am not renying that , but it is what has managed to keep us alive , and no government that has taken the nuclear path can attest a clear sheet either . 
  we know the price , we can just deal with it . 
  the stated goal of france is to keep french sovereignty and independency . 
  if we agree with that goal , we agree with what is implied . 
  but i 'd rather like if we did n't had to take the atomic bomb bath in the first place . 
   but there is a difference .
