  and let 's add that since the beginning of the integration , no country of the eu ( or the entity it was before ) has made war against another member . 
  that 's better than when 20 millions people died in a war , ai n't it ? 
  barbecue in the carolinas is pork cooked in a pit during around 24hours , it 's beef in texas and a mix of beef and pork in tennessee but it 's always meat cooked at a low temperature in a pit during a long period of time . 
  thank you !, 
  first time i see a european actually know what barbecue is . 
  i did an exchange in south carolina and one day a guy almost punched me for saying a barbecue was grilling meat . 
  then he made me discover the carolina style barbecue , and that was by far the best dish i 've tasted while i was over there . 
  so that we could finally set up the greatest contribution of the us to the world : turning right on a red light, 
  yeah so first , we agree that your current government is seriously giving concern about democracy , they are being nationalists and that was what i was trying to criticize in the first place . 
  the us were also isolationist at that time , they went into the war after pearl harbor and germany declared war on them . 
  and france did not really betray you , they declared war to germany , invaded a few kilometers and then waited cuz we were pussies and then german came and shitstorm our country . 
  but we did declared war to germany 2 days after they attacked poland . 
  now , come to see that from the french side : think about the fact that france was in horror of war after wwi where we lost 1,5 millions of people ( that was the highest ratio of death after serbia ) , we had also 1 million of people that were disabled , we had a pacifist government and yet we declared war to a country with a much stronger army than ours when they attacked you . 
  yet you call it betrayal . 
  well let 's make a comparison then , my country has been totally occupied maximum 20 years during its 1600 years of history . 
  england has been invaded once , spain has been occupied by the french empire during a few years , swiss has been independent for centuries . 
  how convenient that you have been independent/unoccupied 40 years in the last 250 years . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a good thing though , just do n't come all butthurt to me when i say that your country has been colonized , you 're in the eu now , stop your freaking nationalism thinking your nation is the best and has always been the greatest . 
  your nation has not always been the best , neither does mine . 
  and if your defense minister is so smart , why does n't he says the same thing about belgium ? 
  belgium has been a nation for 200 years , and brussel always gives everyone democracy lessons ( see how i mistake the country and the european capital ), 
  ok so first i 'm french , i just happened to have lived in many countries , that allowed me to understand that history is always subjective , and that a lot of times , people tend to think as their country as the greatest while the others are responsible for their own failure . 
  let me give you an example of subjective history : i lived in both the north and the south of the us . 
  in the north , they told me that the civil war was all about slavery . 
  in the south they told me `` secession might have been about slavery , but we fought cause they came down here '' now let 's get back to the yalta conference , it was in the ussr , with a weak dying us president ( the guy died two months after ) . 
  they could have treated them as an enemy of course ( if he had the force against stalin in its own territory , but i doubt it ) , that would have been much harder to win the war afterwards , especially that the us did not have the atomic bomb at that time , and were thinking being at war against the japan during at least 2 years . 
  and again , you 're just helping my point , you see the us as bad for what they could have done , and you do n't see all the others as what they have done to your country . 
  and stop with your `` western betrayal '' , hate just brings more hate . 
  my country and germany were the worst enemy you could imagine ( they stole the alsace lorraine , we will have to fight to get it back !!, 
  ) , but at one time , we decided to stop looking at the past , but looking at our future . 
  now we have been peaceful neighbors for seventy years and they are our greatest economic and cultural ( oui oui oui , we have a public french-german tv channel ! ), 
  partner . 
  what your defense minister is doing is just hating , well let me tell you , it 's not going to bring you anywhere , he is just bashing the us for no reason ( or maybe he has a reason , i would know if i could read the article ), 
  polish nation began to appear in the x century , thank you i know my european history . 
  and since 1772 , how many years have you been an independent nation ? 
  i was using the word `` system '' as the guy i replied to used it . 
  and in your opinion you saved yourselves but it could not have been possible without the help of the western countries . 
  do n't you forget that any citizen from the east side who could go to the west side was helped by those countries . 
  my roommate 's mother was protected when her family ran away from hungary to france . 
  also , ronald reagan fought the ussr with strength and on every fronts , and how the hell do you think solidarnosc was financed ? 
  with rubbles or with dollars ? 
  yeah let 's take that route . 
  most of the history of your nation has basically been being colonized by a powerful neighbor . 
  even when they came to liberate you ( napol\u00e9on ) that was to create a puppet state without any rights . 
  the ussr has basically raped your country since its creation until it ended . 
  did the us create the ussr ? 
  no they did not . 
  did they create a pact to share your country after its invasion ? 
  no that was the nazis and the ussr . 
  did they kill millions of your jews ? 
  again , no . 
  should they have keep moving east to liberate the territories occupied by the ussr after wwii ? 
  i believe they should have . 
  but in the end , they forced the ussr to collapse by bringing them in a arms race the ussr could not have won . 
  the ussr was weak and it allowed your people to rise . 
  did they welcome hundred of thousands of yours who were running away from the tyranny ? 
  yes they did . 
  i have lived in a polish neighborhood at one time when i lived in the us , trust me , they did not miss poland ( the us flag was always above the polish coat of arms , and none of my friends spoke polish even though their parents did ) . 
  i know the us is the ideal guilty party , but they did not put you in this shit in the first place nor in any place , the ussr , the austrian empire , the nazi regime , the french empire , and all the others , them they all did . 
  and yes , you can take pride in all the achievements your great people did , they always have worked through adversity and always eventually ended up rising over their tyrants , but please stop with that us bashing , they have helped you much more than you think . 
  did you know that the cia provided funds and equipment to solidarnosc for example ? 
  well it 's not `` the us were created and then they colonized a continent '' , it 's more like `` the continent was colonized and 2 centuries after they overthrow their master '', 
  what is funny is you thinking that an aristocracy is a democracy ( if you 're talking about the golden liberty ) . 
  then we european should stop thinking of the americans as a european nation living on another continent , they are totally different . 
  and i 'm sorry , but for european standards , your defense minister has gone too far . 
  do n't forget that the us `` system '' beat the soviet and freed your people . 
  it was clearly an aristocracy ( power to the nobles ), 
  so you 're right in a way . 
  poland was not a democracy at that time , and it kind of become one in 1918 when they gained their independence from russia . 
  i do n't know when the uk became a democracy , because unlike many other , the changes have been over time , and not by a revolution . 
  and the first democracy in modern times was probably the corsican republic in the early xviii century , it did n't last long but the women had the right to vote !, 
  that guy is just playing the nationalist card , his nation ( see that i do n't say country as most of the time they were part of a larger empire ) has barely been a democracy in its history . 
  they have been for a democracy for around 25 years and that 's the longest they have ever been . 
  and that 's where you 're wrong . 
  yeah you have said your arguments but my fried ` ndd still lived better with 400 $ in poznan than he does now with 1000 $ in paris . 
  and i 'm not even counting the fact that he is already welcomed in deloitte poland , while every other guy in his major is struggling to get an internship in the big 4 . 
  poland underwent an economic miracle , if you did n't catch the chance to live it , i 'm sorry for you , but it 's real , or you have absolutely no idea what my friends are living . 
  did you know that even mcdonald 's is giving low wages now ? 
  that 'd the western european style , the eastern one would have gotten you a job . 
  that 's a passive rely . 
  the eu has the bomb because france does . 
  it 's a passive protection that we would n't have if it was n't for the french, 
  the economic miracle is the economic growth that poland has experienced , it is better off than its neighbors and the standard of living are rising . 
  it happened because they got a lot of subsidies that were efficient and financed by the eu . 
  poland growth have been stronger than expected . 
  and 300 $ a month is not that bad for your cost of living , you could be worse off . 
  one of my friend lived with a higher standard of living with 400 $ in poznan last year as an exchange student for what he would have paid 1000 $ in france . 
  plus you have an economy saner than us , with a relatively low debt and very good budget ( relatively to us again ) . 
  yeah gary johnson said the same thing , the us is protecting us by being so big and being our allies so we did n't really try to have an efficient army . 
  it should change , we , europeans , need to be able to protect our freedom and our rights with a powerful army . 
  and i also think that france is the only one paying his fair share in that matter . 
  we are now the only nuclear weapon country of the eu ( because of brexit ) and some countries rely too much on our power and do not invest enough in their defense . 
  thinking islam is the problem , islam in itself is not a problem , it 's just a scapegoat . 
  and i say that as a french that lives in paris where we had so many attacks . 
  those guys are just bad people that uses islam as a mask for their actions . 
  in the us they have the mass shootings , committed by their horrible persons , and here we have attacks , committed by our horrible persons . 
  yeah , i 've read that the competitors of airbus already have factories in the regions controlled by the pis . 
  anyway this is bullshit , it will cost polish taxpayers a lot , the offsets were valued at 126 % the value of the contract , with more new jobs . 
  and i 'm not even talking about the consequences on the french-polish relations , france has gotten stronger inside the eu with the brexit , might not be a smart move as poland is strongly dependent to the eu subsidies ( 85 billions of euros for 2014-2020 ! ) . 
  this polish government is really bad imo .
