  both historically powerful and on the fringes of the franco-german-spanish-italian core . 
  this creates a sense of being separate from the rest . 
  for the longest time , british governments just did not want to deal with the continent . 
  the us , canada , aus and other anglo countries represent a pretty big , diverse and successful countries , so brits do n't have the same urge to join the eu like sweden or nl for example . 
  to pakistan , terrorism and the taliban are tools to be used to destabilise india . 
  obviously the plan was n't very well thought out . 
  stop judging be , i have a blocked nose . 
   pain au chocolat i just call it chocolate bread since by body reject the french pronunciation . 
  in addition to the 4 agencies , esa is in france as well the annual roadtrip to strasburg . 
  that 's quite a lot of stuff in france . 
  i agree that the vikings have a legit claim to badassary , they did almost had england , and force the french king to concede territory etc. 
  but the fetish and the myth is just absurd . 
  whatever the origins of decent steel . 
  one thing is true . 
  the japanese were n't first or the best at it . 
  japanophilia and viking freaks are the two groups of people who piss me off the most when it comes to these sorts of things . 
  the japanese were a relative backward society compared to europe and the mideast , india and china . 
  the only reason the katana is so iconic is the fact that japan was using it long after the developed and even developing indian and middle eastern countries had switched primarily to guns and cannons . 
  the vikings were n't that great either . 
  alfred the great completely kicked their shit in . 
  their territory ultimately was just scandinavia and few islands outside it . 
  i thought they were bootlickers of germany in all matters . 
  falklands is a chance for some to gloat , for others it does n't mean much and for a small group its a sign of british colonialism . 
  brexit on the other hand ... 
   lisping anyone got an explanation for someone too lazy to go to wikipedia ? 
  the labour party called a vote of no confidence , a successful vote usually means that the leader has no support in his party , and he leaves the position . 
  cobryn just refused , just straight up refused . 
  never happened before . 
  so they called a leadership election and corbyn 's lunatic army came flooding in to reelect him . 
  you underestimate how bad english speakers are at learning a new language . 
   no problems to make it a part of eu very quick . 
  a border with england , integrated british bureaucracy , the pound , national debt , the nukes . 
  there 's a lot to untangle there . 
  i know you europhiles would like nothing better than the uk to be split up shut up about the eu , but reality is a bit more complicated . 
  what is this civ4 ? 
  i wish some scots would realise that this happened while scotland was under `` english rule '' , and that it was actually partly facilitated by the access to english colonies , to english markets and even english technology . 
  being part of the uk has been ( with very few exceptions ) been a very good thing for scotland . 
   when that bailout happens if we 're still in the eu at that point . 
  i also find the particular targeting of the english quite frustrating . 
  the scottish were just as much a part of imperialism as the british . 
  now we have all this bullshit about `` union of craic '' like the scottish did n't move into ni and scottish lords were n't among the chief architects of british imperialism . 
  there is no resentment towards scotland for colonialism , it 's either britain or england . 
  with the independence vote you even started to get people who thought scotland was somehow being oppressed in the same way as ireland was . 
  fucking well done . 
  hope the bastards do n't just get to carry on like they did n't just try to fuck the country over . 
   its refreshing to see someone from the uk acknowledge this do n't feel that i 'm unusual in this regard . 
  online discussion is very polarising and its far from typical ; especially on this sub , where even i have to remind myself not to get all nationalistic . 
  this sub a decidedly anti-british tilt , so its understandable why this is here and why the thread has so many comments . 
  though to be fair , british colonial , and even post-colonial crimes need to be discussed and acknowledged more . 
  we 've been far too successful at hiding past crimes . 
  i think one key difference , is just how one sided the relationship between ireland and the uk has been . 
  there was n't going to be a quick reconciliation of equals . 
  ireland was ruled with an iron fist for several hundred years , and after independence , there was a lot resentment in ireland . 
  unlike france/germany neither side was in the mood for reconciliation . 
  ireland and the uk embargoed each other , the irish government was very anti-british , has highlighted the british oppression rather than `` forgive and forget '' , i 'm not saying that was the wrong move , but it was certainly one that would n't encourage young irish people to reconcile with the uk . 
  the irish government also tries to forge a clear irish identity and culture separate from the british . 
  then there 's the ongoing conflict in ni , where the british government did a lot of shady stuff , and people of ireland and sympathisers in the us supported the ira etc. 
  they wo n't get it until the big european banks got most of their money back, 
  that 's exactly his point , in the past the left was much more pro-russia ( e.g corbyn ) , and right generally hated `` those commie fairies '' , but now even the right is pro-russia . 
  leaving a smaller core of anti-russians in the west , and these people do n't hold strong opinions like on the far left and right . 
  so , putin is in a pretty nice position . 
  same in the uk . 
  it easy enough to steal few seats here and there through fraud , but you ca n't steal thousands of votes without a serious and massive conspiracy . 
  with electronic voting , it takes one hacker to change an entire election . 
  not gon na happen . 
  the means a lot to ireland , especially as a counterweight to british influence . 
  for all the talk of how the british are foolishly looking back at imperialism , a lot of this sub is nostalgic for the days of european dominance . 
  perhaps its projection . 
  f35 is likely to be a very expensive , premium product . 
  a more cost effective mass produced plane to accompany it might be a good idea . 
  if i did n't know any better , i 'd think you worry about the british empire more than the british . 
  honestly , i feel like if we were an american state we 'd get fairer treatment than we do in the eu . 
  it 's a silly idea from a practical , logistical and even cultural point of view , but i certainly do n't consider america as much of a threat to the uk as i do france and germany . 
  there 's no point arguing , france , germany and the continent in general has looked down their noses at english speaking countries . 
  frankly , i 'm beginning to wonder if it 's jealousy . 
  first , it was the british empire , now the american hegemony . 
  it 's all a bit too much for these civilised , cultured europeans . 
  fuck it , i 'd rather be an american vassal at this point that have to be in a union with you lot . 
  indian numerals . 
  i 'm not brexiter , but yes , i 'm quite happy for us to have relaxed travel restrictions with australia . 
  they 're basically brits as far as culture goes . 
  there are n't many of them , and generally as well educated as any brit . 
  we may not share a lot with some americans , especially the deep south bible belters , or some farmer out in the midwest , but we do have more cultural exchange with the us than any other country , i 'd even argue that the uk is the only country to significantly influence us culture . 
  our two countries have built the current world of popular music from elvis to adele , hollywood is a very british influenced place . 
  our literature also mingles , whether its dickens , john steinbeck , harper lee or george orwell , all british and american kids are brought up on the same literary heritage . 
  i know people in this sub love the eu , but jesus !, 
  tuck it in , we do n't all want to see it . 
  france wo n't let them . 
  mark my words . 
  france wanted the eu to be their project , but got out muscled by germany , and france wo n't allow a third player to encroach on their turf . 
  literally two points less than germany , and one less than japan . 
  you people disgust me . 
  well frankly , the way the eu ( and especially people on this sub ) , some of you need reminding that we 're in fact a significant player in european matters . 
  yeah , because it did n't work out how france hoped , france got outplayed by germany . 
  the point of the euro was to tie germany to france , and to prevent future wars . 
  i mean , even now so much of europe is run based on arrogant french demands , e.g. 
  when you say `` now you know how us in the north feel '' , do you think i 'm against greater investment and representation of the north ? 
  the problem is , if something is beneficial for spain but a disadvantage for germany or france , it will never happen . 
  so many wannabe socialists and the like become experts on england and the uk , trying to diagnose our illnesses . 
  if we 're stuck on the `` glory of the empire '' , then the continent must be stuck in their jealousy of it .
