and the guardian will not be the one to lead that new movement . 
  it 's a clique of exactly the kind of champagne socialists that the working class hate so much . 
  the guardian 's pre-occupation is gender identity , welfare of refugees , and globalism . 
  not the economic plight of the plebs . 
  even without that , you 'll almost certainly be subsidising french arms industries . 
   depends who or what controls it from my british point of view it is france that i ca n't trust . 
  germany and scandinavia may be a bit weak willed when it comes to war but i can live with that . 
  if a eu military was formed , i 'd expect france to move quickly to monopolise as much of the power as possible , forcing greater subsidies for french industries , and to sideline britain in the process . 
  the french have been very demanding on eu powers . 
  i point to common agricultural , fisheries policies , to strasbourg , and to fact that france is in control of eu space industries , as my reasoning . 
   i would love for the uk to rejoin and integrate so would i , but i fully expect to be completely sidelined and mistreated . 
  if we leave , i 'd rather stay out until such a time that we can reenter under favourable conditions . 
  i have always been a supporter of this idea . 
  however , in the time i 've learned of this sub and eu politics . 
  i 'd never trust a french or german government not to fuck over a lot of countries that are trying to create the eu army in good faith . 
  what do i mean by fuck them over ? 
  a military industrial complex that favours the powerful nations . 
  leadership biased to towards france and germany etc. 
  i can easily see a situation like the migration crisis where the eu did n't give a fuck until it affected germany . 
  it 's no more welsh than midsummer murders is scottish . 
  china wants south china sea . 
  us may intervene . 
  napoloen 's defeat was n't a cause , it was a symptom . 
  like you said , france was weakening . 
  napoleon was the one last gasp to re-establish french preeminence , hence his defeat is considered a pivotal moment . 
  after his defeat , france 's diminished status was confirmed . 
  the war was n't just against britain , same as britain 's decline was n't just precipitated by the rise of germany , the ussr and the us were also pushing against british power . 
  however , it was very much a britain vs france kind of war . 
  coalitions came and went , but britain and france were at war throughout the napoleonic wars . 
  britain also massively bankrolled the coalitions that fought against france . 
  are we done with historical pedantics ? 
  lets get back to my actual point , america is declining , it is under pressure from china and it has few friends in the world . 
  it will decline , china will rise . 
  will this mean another napoleonic wars ? 
  another world war ? 
  probably not , but it will probably mean a lot of chaos for a lot of people . 
  stop being pedantic . 
  interpret it as preeminence . 
  france was at the head of europe . 
  as britain became more and more powerful , france tried to stop it before britain became any more of a threat . 
  this ended decisively , and violently in britain 's favour . 
  same happened to britain with the rise of germany . 
  again , it was violent . 
  leading to the american hegemony . 
  with the decline of the us , and the rise of china you can see the same death throes . 
  i just hope it does n't end in violence , but putin and trump makes that less likely . 
  same here . 
  for me the rise of china and decline of the west is what made me nervous . 
  the french dominance in europe came to an end after losing a massive and bloody war against the uk . 
  the british dominance of the world ended after two consecutive world wars . 
  american hegemony will probably end in great upheaval . 
  it was the straw that broke the camel 's back . 
  the issue is that the liberal , social-democrat politics ( pro gay rights , social security , pro-immigration ) became sort of a hegemony in the west . 
  it became resistant to change , and lost touch with the common man . 
  uk labour is the perfect example . 
  now it 's swinging completely the other way . 
  to the detriment of us all . 
   constantly with disdain i think this is a fact you may discover more and more once the uk is gone and italy finds itself trying to take its place . 
  there is simply no room for a third power in the eu , france and germany have decided the eu is theirs . 
  with the incompetent berlusconi you had someone who never really tried to lift the status of italy in the world , but with more ambitious politicians , you can find that your goals align with france and germany or you get spat on . 
  right or wrong , dumb or smart . 
  people deserve the respect of having their voices heard . 
  if you ca n't convince them with your arguments , you should look to improve your message or delivery so it gets through to the people . 
  disregarding people 's views , as has been happening for decades is what allowed brexit to happen in the first place . 
  it 's what allowed to the snp to become strong , people in scotland feel like they are in the periphery of british politics , same with the brexiters . 
  if course they 've turned to populist demagogues . 
   they have quite some explaining to do who 's gon na make them ? 
  and this is why i almost support leaving the eu . 
  germany and france have monopolised power in the eu . 
  if i had the political power . 
  i would ruin the life of the person who designed that . 
  some big business wants to stay in eu for easy business . 
  some ( most notably murdoch ) want out of eu so they can fully control the uk government . 
  this is n't black and white . 
  http://www.ngw.nl/heraldrywiki/images/thumb/c/ca/london1.jpg/550px-london1.jpg pretty cool i think . 
  alternate style : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c1/city_of_london_logo.svg/2000px-city_of_london_logo.svg.png, 
  i know you joke but that pretty damn impressive for a non-germanic speaking country that does n't have a history of british/american rule . 
  london and several other parts of the uk also voted to remain . 
  i do n't agree with the vote , but scotland is not alone in that . 
  you ca n't expect every vote to the way of one specific region of a country . 
  even if the logic is not sound , this the attitude among the less educated , rural people of the world . 
  when it comes to kings and queens , there is really only one that matters . 
  it has n't been the case in england since at the year ~ ~ ~ ~ 2015 ~ ~ ~ ~ 1215 ( magna carta ) . 
  kings have been continuously stripped of power here for a long time . 
  except a few countries like the netherlands and austria seem to be more like german satellites than actual states sometimes . 
  do you think they would not have reported this if it happened in the us ? 
  you bloody well know that you 're just pandering to the anti-british crowd here . 
  this appears to be the goal france is actively working towards . 
  so it seems british objections to an eu military is pretty reasonable . 
  france has also been an opponent of britain joining the eu . 
  twice vetoing the uk 's entrance . 
  fantastic gratitude for ww2 . 
  it 's one of the reasons the uk is no ambivalent towards the eu . 
  it is not finding a place in the eu where it fits in . 
  france intended the eu to be a franco-german bloc , with emphasis on the franco . 
  did n't quite work . 
  one thing i 've noticed recently is that france also dominates the eu space industry and access to space . 
  so are vw , edf , bae , deutsche bank et al. 
  all paying their fair share ? 
  i do n't understand why the reaction to brexit is faster and more integration .
