  that is the entire theory of nuclear weapons . 
  i wo n't use it , but if you shoot me it 's it 's as good as shooting yourself in the head . 
  politician wants to express emotion , consults `` artist '' , this is the result . 
   modern art ugh, 
  good god !, 
  it 's like they were actually making a statement with this one . 
  the statement being `` fuck you '' . 
  we do n't know what sunshine is really like so we do n't know what to do when we see it . 
  a starved man can eat himself to death . 
  in the uk you get the worst of both worlds . 
  first , we get no snow in our winters , only cold , darkness , and intermittent rain , not the nice kind of winter . 
  summer is completely unpredictable , rain one week , sunny the next , hard to utilise the sunshine . 
  what is the point of extending the state of emergency when it appears to have no practical implications ? 
  exactly , the problem is a section of the large muslim minority of france . 
  what can you do when some young muslim boy decides `` fuck france , muslims in syria and iraq are my real countrymen , not the french '', 
   is this is not about isis . 
  they may be the new posterboy for islamic extremism but this has been going on long before they came along . 
  muslims around the world are sympathetic to their cause . 
  the sentiment has always been there . 
   boasting it was such a rude , arrogant attitude to the whole thing . 
  acting like vultures circling over a corpse . 
  utterly classless . 
  the thing is , being poor and uneducated have a stronger correlation with having more children than actually being able to afford the cost of raising children . 
  people in places like bangladesh have far lower capacity to support themselves , let alone half a dozen kids , but they still keep having them . 
   colonise other planets yeah , it 's as easy as that . 
  i wonder why no one seems to have thought of it . 
  why else would we have them on one of our flags ? 
  also unicorns . 
  i ca n't tell if serious . 
   it moulds it into an english word what are you talking about ? 
  we usually leave the words as they are , we even use different plural forms for latin and germanic words . 
  the issue is not physical fitness imo . 
  the western world is not ready to face the prospect of a female soldier kidnapped , raped and tortured by the taliban and their ilk . 
  it 'll end in a massive media circus and hurt the effectiveness of the military . 
  domestic politicians are mostly pro-eu . 
  they do n't really know a whole about the eu , they just wanted to fuck cameron and co. 
   robert the bruce same problem as bouddica . 
  he 's very much associated with scotland , not the celts as a whole . 
  did they just make that up ? 
  is n't the point of the two years to do exactly that ? 
  yup , deposits and investments are not the same thign . 
  there is no `` chinese '' , china 's most dominant language is mandarin , which often pushed by the government . 
  however , there is a significant minority of cantonese speakers in the south , tibetan speakers in ... tibet , mongolian speakers in inner mongolia etc. 
  the rest of the bastards gave up after the first goal . 
   some expeditions were lead by kings from what i read it was almost state policy of denmark and norway ( as they were then ) to go raiding in england . 
  what a sad state of affairs . 
  i came onto this sub a few years ago as young person feeling some kinship with the people of europe . 
  i was a federalist , i wanted a united european currency , army , capital , the whole lot . 
  i wanted to get to know the people of all the different nations of europe , i wanted to get to know the people who i felt should be as much a friend as any brit i know . 
  you and your ilk have broken that illusion , / r/europe has made me realise that while leave may not have been the right call , forming a single state with people like you would also be a disaster . 
   attacking leaving the eu is an attack ? 
  so ... we can never leave the eu ? 
  because it does n't matter if we leave today or in 10 years it will always hurt the eu economy a little . 
  however , if we can not be so vindictive , we can still manage a fairly friendly transition where no one needs to get hurt . 
   reaction from the opposite side seems to be joy that our economy is going to ruined that and the break up of the uk . 
  i voted to remain and i was quite upset yesterday , but this makes me wonder if leave might have been the right choice . 
  these are not people i want to be in an union with . 
  even before this , france gets to have the eu hq move to strasbourg , the ridiculous cap subsidies etc , germany gets free movement of manufactured goods , we do n't get free movement of our services sector , but everyone always called us out for wanting `` special treatment '' . 
   fuck you , england this has been the attitude of europe for a long time , part of the reason why this happened . 
  good to know that by leaving we 'd be committing an act of war . 
   the nativists want to magically return to the all-white , ** all-christian ** culture of the 1950s . 
  i do n't think that really applies . 
  yeah , scandinavians do sound very different . 
  same with french , sometimes it does n't sound much like spanish or italian . 
  what does it sound like to you ? 
  does english sound like german ? 
  or french ? 
  once you go east of germany brits start to lose track of what 's what . 
  other than possibly polish most brits will not be able to tell apart hungarian from slovenian , or russian from ukrainian . 
  the only exception is greek . 
  we might recognise it or mistake it for spanish . 
  to me ( an english speaker ) , i can tell that dutch , german and the scandinavian languages sound quite similar , and distinct from the romance languages , which also sound like they belong together . 
  english on the other hand does n't really sound like it belongs with either group - purely from the flow and the vocabulary i can pick out . 
   actually , it was populism when it 's something you do n't like it 's populism . 
   there is really no need to rattle nato 's sabre to prove its power nato is powerful , but the issue is willpower . 
  russia has so relied on the fact that nato and eu leaders have been very weak willed . 
  it is necessary to show that we are strong and we 're willing to fight . 
  otherwise russia might really believe that it can do whatever it wants . 
   in europe ? 
  france honestly , i 'd say france is the closest thing we 've had to an enemy in europe since ww2 - excluding russia obviously . 
  they 've blocked our entry to the eu twice . 
  they are constant pain in the arse with immigration , and with their cap , strasbourg and other eu extravagances , they are the only nation i 'd consider a kind of `` enemy '' in europe . 
  certainly not an ally . 
  whatever the outcome , lets hope the people with real power over our lives do n't act like idiots . 
  plenty of pro-eu people have said that britain should be punished in order to deter others from following . 
  my hope is that the eu does not behave vindictively on this , we keep importing vws and they keep buying the land rovers , mclarens etc. 
  cameron will never win a contest of personality against farage . 
  i have no idea why he tried . 
  your attitude is why we 're now facing the real prospect of a brexit . 
  you and the politicians did n't try to understand the working class people who have built up these ( often periodical ) views . 
  you just ridiculed them and called them racists , now it 's too late . 
  a little nuance in the last decade or so regarding immigration and xenophobia would 've avoided this mess . 
  government of then and now are not the same . 
   it 's not like the uk has a native car industy that can pick up the slack outside of kit cars an supercars i think it does . 
  a lot of valuxhall , ford , nissan etc are produced here for domestic consumption . 
  the supercars get exported . 
   the anglosphere do n't know what you 're on about mate . 
  the us has written the uk out of historical movies more than once . 
  e.g u-571 - where the british who captured the enigma machine from a u-boat were replaced by americans . 
  even that may be too much .
