  what is your problem with working out a bespoke deal ? 
  is a deal the eu does with china , india or russia not a bespoke deal ? 
  does the eu free trade with south korea come with stipulations about immigration ? 
   full service passporting ? 
  nah ... not really well , why the former but not the latter ? 
  because you export more products ? 
  and we export more services ? 
  how convenient . 
  why would i think that marginalisation of british interests is correct ? 
  his only interest was removing a potential competitor in eu affairs . 
  simple . 
  he was a cunt . 
  i do n't quite subscribe to the idea that the uk is not independent in the eu . 
  the problem is that the eu is a franco-german alliance , we 're essentially third wheeling on their love in . 
  germany controls the auto industry and many other manufacturing industries in europe , france controls aerospace and agriculture , together they run the ecb . 
  the eu exists for their benefit . 
  we were blocked several times from joining by de gaulle , it is a deliberate strategy to marginalise british interests . 
  i do n't trust merkel or hollande , or macron , so sadly , we must leave . 
  this despite my hopes of a united europe , with britain at the heart of it . 
   everywhere for government buildings just because it 's not common does n't mean it did n't come out of satan 's asshole . 
  frankly , its all bullshit . 
  other than the hate against romanians and sometimes poles . 
  all this xenophobia stuff is so overblown , its unreal . 
  maybe its because i live in london but there is no way in hell this is as common as its made out to be . 
  what is all this bullshit ? 
  gibraltar has been british for long fucking time . 
  there 's no point crying about it now . 
  joint sovereignty my ass . 
  give ceuta and melilla back to morocco , then you might at least be consistent . 
  the average frenchman has a better grasp of english than the average irish has of the irish language . 
  of course its true , our energy , water and many other resources are owned and managed by foreign companies . 
  we brits are just cows to be milked by corporations . 
   thinking that creating regional monopolies would spur competition . 
  they knew this is false . 
  they 're ideologues that could n't give less of a shit if it works . 
  i 'm not saying we 're different , but our sense of identity is . 
  for the most part , brits do n't always themselves as fully part of the great european common identity . 
   why ? 
  china is still an incredibly poor country . 
  to be below them for former european power is pretty pathetic . 
  putin has done his country a terrible disservice . 
  i think he 's talking nonsense , but the fact is british and irish history has been uniquely uneuropean . 
  britain has long been a maritime nation , and it found its fortune at sea and other parts of the world , not on the continent . 
  similar to the dutch , but unlike them we had the channel and the royal navy , so we could afford to be a bit distant from the continent . 
  later we found a pretty decent common cultural group with the us , canada , us etc , so again , less incentive to want to be a part of europe proper . 
  together with the us , britain pioneered rock and roll , and even now hollywood is swarming with brits . 
  none of this applies to any other country in europe , even norway , which is on the edge of europe does n't have anything like the anglosphere , the continent has always been its centre of attention . 
  so yeah , britain is pretty different from the continent , our identity is not strongly tied to the continent as yours is . 
   so which is it ? 
  do we look down on small or big ? 
  both . 
  you imply that as a citizen of a small nation you can dismiss his opinions , yet few people are judgemental about the us than the french . 
   considering that everything ( exept libya ) france has done for the europe this last 50 years , has been to try to make it as strong as possible what a load of bollocks . 
  so moving the eu hq to stra\u00dfburg is in the best interests of the eu ? 
  france is just as selfish in its motivations as britain or germany . 
  if you really believe otherwise , you 're delusional . 
  the other poster joked that france is full of itself , and in you come all high and mighty , telling off the `` little '' czech exactly what his opinion is worth . 
  i mean , could you be any less self aware if you tried ? 
   i 'm always surprised to see tiny countries in europe condescendly looking down at anyone . 
  looking down at them for being small . 
  as if you do n't look down at america . 
   living on eu 's fund for 30 years ... capital of porn but we should listen to them when it comes to the economy mocking their opinion because they apparently do n't know as much glorious frace . 
  getting butthurt over some stereotypes , belittling and insulting smaller nations , proving exactly the stereotypes you 're railing against . 
  how french of you . 
   while the difference between nazi germany and current germany seems to be understood quite clearly even in countries where german presence resulted in horrendous events . 
  i think it makes sense , nazi germany is pretty much a comic book villain state , pure evil , no redeeming quality etc , and modern germany has worked quite hard to make up for that . 
  whereas modern france is much more of a continuation of the france before the war . 
  phew , i 'm glad we 're not the only country to send our young somewhere else in europe to get pissed and act like cunts . 
  france likes to pride itself on being a military power . 
  that 's the point of the joke . . , and the fact that the symbol for surrender was literally their flag at one point . 
  this table is also an opinion , not the truth . 
  whatever the metrics are , french influence is greatly exaggerated . 
   80 millions for french native speakers how so . 
  65m for france . 
  about 20m across quebec , belgium and africa seems fairly reasonable , if not generous . 
  what 's wrong with that . 
  it tracks the country 's demographics . 
  simple . 
  both, 
   i 'm not asking for reparation, 
   fought for twenty years for their right to feed the half of human population with most poisonous drug ever known to humankind not that i disagree , but russia ( germany , france , japan etc ) were part of it too . 
  churchill hoarded grains for his british and australian soldiers , just in case . 
  while the farmers in india who grew the crops starved to death . 
  churchill hoarded food farmed in bengal , while bengalis were starving to death . 
  the british forced indians to farm opium instead of rice , they also made it so that the east india company was the only one who could buy the opium , they set the price too . 
  the british cut off the thumbs of bengali weavers , so they would not compete with british cotton being imported into india . 
  bengali peasants from the village where their thumbs were cut fled to another city in india , when they saw some british officers coming , the villagers killed them . 
  the british meted out even harsher punishment after that . 
  this kind of shit was repeated all over india over their 250 year rule . 
  over the 200 years of british rule , the bengali people have lost their connection to their history , high culture and art that is usually patronised by kings and lords disappeared forever . 
  there is basically a 150 hole in bengali culture . 
  the british have a lot to atone for around the world , especially in india . 
  i 'm not asking for reparation , but acknowledgement . 
  britain has been too good at hiding its crimes . 
  as an ex-muslim , i almost ca n't express my feelings when i see people like this keep doing what they 're doing and the west just stands idly by . 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  someone like me ca n't openly express my rejection of islam for fear of violent reprisal , but this guy can commit crime after crime and keep getting away with it . 
  it really makes you mad . 
  i ca n't imagine what it must feel like to be german and see a map like that . 
  wow .
