  does a president or a prime minister , a world class athlete not commit fully to their cause ? 
  why is one of most basic and fundamental aspect of being a human , even a living organism , somehow unacceptable ? 
  is eating and drinking also too much of an obstacle ? 
  why not ? 
   there was no true socialism until now maybe it 's impossible to implement real socialism . 
  which means it might aswell not exist . 
  making their argument as good as the people who argue that god exists outside reality . 
  they 've been fed a lot of bullshit about the uk . 
  they think that once they get here , that 's it they 've won the lottery of life . 
  the camp is the immigration equivalent of having a tantrum cos you want the ferrari instead of the porsche when all you need is a toyota . 
  who wanted to leave ? 
  got any friends named knut ? 
  something tells me he would be good at organising this . 
  look at it as the eu protecting the rest of the countries from ireland 's bullshit . 
  without the eu small countries like ireland and luxembourg would continue to take the piss . 
  since ireland does n't want it , apple should be forced to give the 13bn to the eu and not ireland , that would really be the punishment . 
  we 're as good as france and germany combined , 
  if i were russia 's neighbour , i would not trust eu over the us to act . 
  for all the evils of american militarism , you know they 're not afraid of a fight as much as western europe . 
  they also seem to value geopolitics much more than europe too . 
  they also reduced cycling , and number of entries per country because it ended up gb vs gb finals . 
  cycling is still miles from being as overloaded as swimming . 
   geography why ? 
  what career were you aiming for . 
  it worked pretty badly for iran , south america etc , but on balance it 's still better than a russian/soviet world . 
  yeah , it 's that simple . 
  it would n't be / r/europe if you did n't find a way to blame the british . 
   a personal commitment to a country and a culture a passport is not guarantee of that . 
   mourn a past that they never knew maybe because they do n't feel they truly have a home in france . 
  i 'm the last person to excuse islamism - look at my post history - but you 've got to have a bit more sympathy . 
  they 're not just some beggars who who should be grateful to france for giving them refuge . 
  read some testimony from westerners in south korea or japan , see how it feels to be japanese or korean in your mind and be a foreigner in the minds of your countrymen . 
  it 's not fun . 
   double citizenship this is not a crime . 
  you do n't need to demand exclusive german citizenship to integrate people . 
  i have dual citizenship ( do n't worry , not in germany ) , and i am perfectly capable of being loyal to both countries . 
  the truth ( to me at least ) is more complex . 
  i come from a family where the three siblings have taken quite different turns , and the truth is , not all three were afforded the same affection or opportunities . 
  you may find that even in the case of the two belgian brothers , that one found life much harder than the other , one coped with pressure better than the other etc. 
  it 's not uncommon for a sibling to get into a successful profession , while the other struggles with drugs , and dies young . 
   sometimes the uk actually gets it not as much as france . 
  sorry bad wording . 
  all languages should be preserved . 
  just not in the sense that an entire nation should essentially be forced to learn a second language . 
  irish should be allowed to be used by those who are native speakers and those who wish to learn it , but it should not be necessary to preserve it beyond historical record and academic analysis . 
   it has large communities speaking it i think that 's the key difference . 
  welsh is a living and thriving language . 
  worth preserving . 
  irish verges of a foreign language in ireland , as insensitive as it is to say such a thing . 
  not the same at all . 
  your analogy would hold if the english were already almost monolingual in chinese . 
   if you get rid of all of that ireland has everything but the language . 
  is irish culture not distinct from english , scottish , american , canadian , aussie , or kiwi culture ? 
  the video is pretty one sided too . 
  i agree with you . 
  my native tongue is bengali , which i lost when i moved to the uk as a little kid . 
  bengali has 50 times as many speakers as irish , many of whom do not speaker another language . 
  this still does n't mean that it was that big a loss . 
  the situation for irish is even worse , almost every irish speaker is more fluent in english . 
  almost all the movies , tv shows , books , news etc. 
  they consume is in english . 
  if that second language was something else it might have had better luck , but english is so dominant that irish will never truly be revived . 
   because the islamists will always have their mosques it 's one of the reason 's i 'm afraid of religion in general . 
  it 's like a ideological hydra . 
  the worse the dictator , the worse the living condition , the worse the misfortune , the more religious people become . 
  it 's vile . 
  ireland was ruled by england for 600 years . 
  russia actually has a bit of history of rivalry with the uk , see [ the great game ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_great_game ) . 
  others on the continent have also played up the interests of scotland , ( and the differences between england and scotland ) as a geopolitical manoeuvre . 
  same reason why france and the uk opposed reunification of germany . 
  also , auld alliance . 
  as a history geek , i do believe the `` we 're stronger together '' rhetoric . 
  for the last 300 years , scotland alone would have been just another small country on the edge of europe . 
  without scotland england surely would not have been able to become a global empire . 
  england just did not have the manpower to compete with france with scotland and ireland . 
  that 's odd . 
  the british loved the railways . 
  even tried to build one from egypt to south africa . 
  why the hell should the eu just fund a free university for france ? 
   they drink , sleep around , sell and consume drugs right , but their spend their lives being told , and believing that all this is so so wrong . 
  the guilt , confusion , indoctrination probably drives them to extreme actions . 
  a bit like the kids in backwards parts of the us that go to gay conversion therapy . 
   what do conservative muslim parents do boom , there it is . 
  this is the real root cause of the issue . 
  the parents themselves might be brave enough to go and behead someone , but their fill their kids ' head with this shit and they fall for it deeper than the parents ever did . 
  how 's that ? 
  you 've been given a free and fair vote on independence . 
  a devolved government with competence in many key areas of administration . 
  alex salmond has demanded the pound , but has been rebuffed ( quite fairly ) , other than that i do n't see how anything england has done has been any way vindictive towards scotland . 
  i 'm sure the guardian would cheer . 
  care to elaborate . 
  very curious . 
  but france needs money . 
  i can just picture a few of the posters here vigorously masturbating to this news . 
  given the events so far , i 'd guess that it is intended to flush out the from chp people for future arrests and harassment . 
  imo , more than the ass-covering by police and politicians for poor security , is the rush to defend islam . 
  typical terrorist attack : `` he was n't even a muslim '' `` he was mentally unstable '' `` he was very poor/disenfranchised '' `` one lone madman '' etc. 
  so tired of hearing it . 
  all of this was especially evident during the euros . 
  i 'm happy but very surprised that there was n't an attack given the state of security .
