   i am protected by the us , if the uk backs out , i can guarantee you that the us will also hesitate to come to your aid . 
   culture comes from the us we are a sneaky bunch , but if you look carefully , we 've taken over a good chunk of hollywood . 
  the uk is to the eu zealots as the eu is to ukipers . 
  to kippers , the eu is the fourth reich , fuck all ease of travel and trade , the consumer protections etc. 
  to most of this sub the uk is caricature of some anglo-saxon imperialist snobs . 
  forget the net contribution to the eu budget . 
  military support of the baltics and eastern europe , welcoming eastern europeans long before the saintly germans . 
  apparently the uk is some third world shithole on the edge of europe and it should get nothing , while france can happily demand the eu parliament temporarily moves from brussels to strasburg for no reason other than to stroke the french ego . 
   because its france is why i grudgingly sort of support brexit . 
  we are france 's equal but within the eu we are treated as far far less . 
  i honestly would not be surprised if he or seamus milne turned out to have a few things in common with the cambridge five . 
  he is more interested in mucking about with his acolytes than leading his party or trying to get elected . 
  while sweden is in many ways a model of how to run a country , its politicians seem incredibly naive at times . 
  then again , sweden is a massive weapons exporter , so how much is naivete and how much is cynicism ? 
  if anything finland has much more of a reason to be scared . 
  no it was n't . 
  plus collies are pretty much the smartest dog you can get . 
  i think we are in agreement . 
  none of these things are unique . 
  sadly . 
   the colonies doing better are the ones that have less of the native population left they [ the european colonies ] suffered much less degradation under colonial rule . 
  compare for example , india where millions were starved by british rulers , so they could grow opium to sell in china . 
  the indian weavers whose thumbs were chopped off so that they could not compete with british textiles etc. 
  vs the treatment of australians who were allowed to largely live without much oppression . 
   in india and eventually asia were less conflict than europe due to hinduism and later bhuddism influence from india bollocks !, 
  indian , chinese , persian , egyptian and mesopotamian civilizations have existed much longer than europe 's . 
  they must have had more wars . 
  india for example , very rarely had a continent-wide super like the romans or the ming . 
  they were also subject to mongol , persian , and muslim invasions . 
  but when you do that , you sexualise your looks all the same . 
  instead of being ogled , you become isolated . 
  the aim should be to make it a bit of a non-issue . 
  great win !, 
  feels like islam is the greatest tourism scam in the world . 
  millions of muslims around the world pay billions every year to go to mecca . 
  many more buy bullshit like zamzam water , which has to be bought from saudi arabia . 
  '' ... and continue to do so until re-elected '' . 
   leaving the uk will `` liberate '' scottish economy . 
   but wait , we need to be in the eu . 
  hypocrisy is a two way street . 
  or more sensibly , things ca n't be summed up in little sarcastic jibes . 
  islam was mostly forced on india . 
  not in europe . 
  we let it happen . 
  not really something to be proud of . 
  french politicians are the ones who created the situation in the first place . 
  yeap , depends on who 's got the upper hand . 
  france stamps out local culture , whereas in spain and the uk , the separatist regions hold more power . 
  germany seems to have a more balanced system . 
   but what do you want then i 'd be happy to accept scottish , catalan and others seceding , as long as germany and france were also similarly broken up . 
  things like the break up of the uk or spain would be very difficult to undo , i do n't want to be in a position where the eu dissolves having broken my country up . 
  all these independence movements taught me that , if you give an inch they demand an arm . 
  independence movement are always looking for something , anything to demand more autonomy . 
  a parallel , local political system develops , which helps to divide the people even further . 
  snp making trident into political issue , and a point of division between scotland and the rest . 
  north sea oil becomes `` our oil '' . 
  i find such unanimity about this topic very strange . 
  it 's as brexit is the same as a plague or war . 
  those in the eu do n't seem to realise that the uk does n't react well to threats . 
  apparently , it 's perfectly acceptable for eu countries to court businesses from the uk , and promote the breakup of the uk but the uk should n't pursue its own interests . 
   rescued i would n't go that far . 
  the tory disdain for the filthy masses is probably their most defining trait . 
  seems the eu has already begun to exclude british scientists from eu projects . 
  seems fair to ensure we 're not paying for shit we 're excluded from . 
  think for a second . 
  how can it cost both the uk and the eu countries at the same time . 
  frankly , everyone needs to calm down . 
  maybe there is some kind of english/royal navy topic in czech history classes ? 
  maybe kids googling them ? 
  i was pointing out that it is n't from greek  italian/french  english as the poster above suggested , but that it 's a more recent and direct borrowing . 
  what we did get from france was a lot of latin . 
  believe it or not , the romans had almost no influence on english . 
  our latin comes either from the normans or from similar made up science and law words like with greek . 
  of course , but at the same time , the soviet union has n't been at the cutting age of science for very long . 
  they were still technologically weak relative to germany during ww2 . 
  whereas , countries like the uk and germany have been producing top scientists since before the industrial revolution . 
  nope , a large part of the borrowing was during the 18th , 19th and 20th century when ancient and classical greece was all the rage . 
  many of our scientific and philosophical words are greek words compounded to create brand new english words . 
  tells me that poles are the only ones who know anything about the uk . 
  the rest are asking really basic questions or are hate-filled nazis . 
  not so much that the german janitor is n't orders of magnitude better off than his lithuanian counterpart . 
  just because we have n't joined the latest mad dash to accept millions of refugees does n't mean that we do n't take hundreds of thousands of immigrants each year . 
  every year we break our national record for the number immigrants coming into the country . 
  shove your `` humanitarian superpower '' and you moral pedestal up your arse . 
  watch the jeremy kyle show, 
  the eu does feel a bit like it encourages separatism does n't it ? 
  late to the party . 
  what 's going on ? 
  that by itself means nothing . 
  other eu countries are competing with germany for trade with china et al. 
  just because germany does n't have a massive trade surplus does n't mean it does n't hurt greece , spain etc. 
  they are still being used as weights to keep deutschmark ii grounded . 
  true . 
  i 'm not arguing for brexit but sometimes you can benefit from great shocks to the system . 
  some things ca n't be done piecemeal . 
  the founding of the nhs was one such shock . 
  the british medical association ( bma ) was completely against the idea of an nhs ; they were afraid it would hurt the medical profession badly . 
  we now have the bma fighting tooth and nail to protect the nhs . 
  brexit will probably not be a great success but to predict the end of the western world order was quite absurd . 
  doubt it .
