you have my permission too , 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  several hours a day , every day . 
   how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  on a daily basis . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  hungary  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  hungarian and spanish . 
  im fluent in both . 
   what interests you about europe ? 
  history , culture and politics . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  i love posts about interesting things about a specific country . 
  i dislike the recently massive ammounts of threads about immigration , although i understand why they are popping up . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  yes , i was moderator of a spanish rpg maker forum a year or two ago . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i want to help maintain / r/europe a healthy community . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i have free time and i am impartial when in positions of authority . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  no  what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  im skeptical about megathreads in general unless they are about novelty topics wich will lose appeal fast . 
   what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  i think such a topic is not suitable for a megathread . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  one horse sized duck . 
  one hundred duck sized horses would overwhelm me with cuteness !, 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why `` unrelated '' , becacause they dont have any relation i could spot . 
  why not ? 
  i do n't consume it but prohibition only causes violence and crime . 
  source : i lived in mexico . 
   it was a joke * looks at flair * uh huh ... 
  i lived in mexico for 13 years and this is true . 
  theres a lot of informal commerce . 
  a lot of people do n't pay taxes . 
  the minimum wage in mexico is 4.32 eur per day . 
  ( worked day , they do n't get paid weekends , etc ) . 
  and , at least in mexico city , where i lived , things are n't cheap . 
  rent was more expensive than in budapest in the `` decent enough '' areas , and food costs the same . 
  now , hungary is not exactly the most wealthy country in the world , but compared to everything outside of us/canada/nz / aus/japan/west europe it 's allright . 
  something that comes to mind is that a friend selling imported american candies at high school made 10x a minimum wage . 
  mexico 's society is very , very inequal . 
  / r/starcraft is leaking, 
  uh arabs can be hot as fuck . 
  its their culture thats off puting, 
  please stop trying , 
   we did n't pull a hungary oh fuck off . 
  look im not british and im not that well informed in how laws work , but lawyers , especially the highly qualified ones you need are not cheap at all . 
  and you need a lot of them . 
  what do you want the government to do ? 
  open a gulag for lawyers and put them to work against their will ? 
  simply put , they people your country needs to do all the paperwork needed , and that are qualified for it wont do it for cheap . 
  some may , but you dont need `` just a couple '' . 
  i bet you voted leave ... tell us then , how else would you get a lot of highly qualified people on short notice ? 
  not a brit but just check the gbp exchange rates . 
  hungary is right wing but not euroskeptic at all , and actually it supports the military alliance . 
  you 're being downvoted because you are promoting discrimination even though its most likely because of ignorance and not malice , and i 'm gon na assume your flag is the reason of it . 
  anyway , regarding your question , how it 's called matters little , what actually does matter is the rights that marriage provides . 
  for example . 
  if i was in a `` civil union '' with my boyfriend in hungary , several of the following scenarios could happen because we are not married : 1 . 
  one of us dies without writing a will . 
  the other one does not inherit the estate of the decessed partner ( unless we 've been living together 5 + years iirc ) . 
  one of us gets hospitalized . 
  the other one does not have visitation rights . 
  this means that we could be denied being with each other in either of our final moments . 
  no tax exeptions . 
  if either of us had a child ( for example from a previous relationship , which is more common than you think ) and we raised it together , and the biological father dies , the state will take away that child because the other parent is not legally his parent . 
  this is why using `` think of the children !!!!!! '', 
  as an argukrnt against adoption by same sex couples is pretty retarded , as gays can and do have children . 
  it does not take away from anyone anything . 
  its literally a `` free happyiness '' thing . 
  it only bothers people who dont want others to have rights . 
  africa is way too behind to matter for the next century . 
  i think they need very strong leadership ( something like what the soviet union did to industrialize russia , even if it was very inhumane ) . 
  well youre the one who made it a black or white issue in the first place ( as in saying only ignorant farmers from the countryside with no education are against immigration from me countries ), 
  i live in budapest , grew up in mexico and work in an it company with a very multicultural employee base . 
  i dont mind asians or `` blacks '' and im mostly leftist , oh and i 'm gay too , and im completely against mass immigration from middle eastern countries . 
  seems like your `` arguments '' dont really hold , do they , 
  your ethnicity is irrelevant to this , and hungarian politics are not exactly the prime example of democracy either . 
  i know this is hard to gasp for you coming from the balkans , but maybe their government is considered competent enough and people dont want to vote them out ? 
  in mexico city the average temperature is between 13 and 18c ( averaged per month ) . 
  the highest temperature ever recorded is 34c . 
  i miss mexico city . 
  check telenor hello data plans . 
  they 're all unlimited with varying amounts of minutes . 
  this map is very , very misleading for hungary . 
  unlimited data with telenor is 20 euros . 
  source : [ https://www.telenor.hu/telenor-hello-data] ( https://www.telenor.hu/telenor-hello-data ) edit : nevermind . 
  did n't saw the 1000 minutes requerimient . 
  i know many of you will think `` why ? 
  english allready exists ... '' but the trugh is : 1 . - most people in several euro countries do n't really have a good english level . 
  2 . - english takes a long time to become proficient in . 
  3 . - if we really do integrate , using a culturally neutral language would help the `` nationalists '' feel less culturally subjugated . 
  in my opinion , a language created to be easy and culturally neutral ( similar to esperanto , but using europeran languages exclusively for the roots of the words ) would be ideal . 
  consider that english proficiency is achieved in aprox 4 years . 
  esperanto 's proficiency is achieved in 6 months .
