civil war it 's an invasion . 
  you know this all started when they elected a pro eu pressident . 
  ukraine thinks it needs to be allied with some power , either the eu or russia . 
  they do n't want it to be russia . 
  the eu has benefited ireland immensely , it was a real shithole back then . 
  we 're broke but it 's the kind of broke where you have running water and no one has tb . 
  execpt the `` south '' ireland is actualy the south , the east , the west , the middle and the north west . 
  northern ireland is 6 counties out of 32 . 
  for a political cartoon it is . 
  they 're normal super lame . 
  not all of the uk states have ssm . 
  i do n't think anyone could keep micaeldey in a closet . 
  spot on . 
  throwing a small hissy fit and claim to by persecuted and having their rights attacked because people are sick of their shit and do n't want to listen . 
  i 'm from the future . 
  i think it will . 
  separate but equal ? 
  fuck that . 
  yeah . 
  we did it and we 're shit . 
  almost a contradiction in terms . 
  i mean a party both moderate protestants and unionists can join that works on getting practical things done . 
  i changed my comment quickly because i simply did n't like the wording . 
  i did it within 120 seconds of posting it . 
  my point is we did a pretty cool thing today the vote passed by a 2 to 1 landslide and irish people came from all over the world paying thousands just to cast their vote . 
  why not let use have it . 
  and if i wanted to i could find a way to diminish what you did by picking out a detail . 
  that was my point . 
  they might have been able to do it that way but it would have been in the courts for years and risked being thrown out . 
  it 's better to be sure . 
  simplifying it was in the constitution and under irish law the constitution can only be changed by popular vote , not the government and not the courts . 
  to complicate slightly the section of the constitution is a bit vague but if it was n't done this way it would have ended up in the courts for years . 
  it 's better to just do it right . 
  a nice side effect is that it can not now be changed by any government without a referendum . 
  the north needs an non sectarian party badly . 
  that 's a bit rich , the uk has n't fully done it yet . 
  exactly , if you look at northern ireland . 
  anglicans in britain are very mild but anglicans in northern ireland a minority on the island are extremely conservative . 
  you can i suppose if you want . 
  talking to you is a lot of work . 
  i 'm going move along . 
  irish votes are counted by an army of old ladies watched by the public . 
  it 's harder to fake that way . 
  also they did n't start until this morning . 
  the vast majority of ireland are slightly catholic . 
  it 's a bit different from places where a minority of people are really really catholic . 
  i have a feeling the mobilised the yes side more , got irish people to come home from as far as perth . 
  it makes it clearer since he was talking about the church . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  exactly . 
  the same as jewish people who are n't religious to a lesser extent . 
  and some priests are voting yes . 
  ireland is a more complicated country than people think, 
  there is a bit but there is not constituency that 's just old people and not all old people are voting no . 
   you ca n't stop marketing by changing the package yeah you can . 
  you just pass a law . 
  i 'm not sure how i 'd feel about the whole diaspora having a vote , even just the second generation ones could really sway this and i know the people funding the iona place would really like a vote . 
   while more rural constituencies will vote no i think that 's a bit of an insulting assumption . 
  there might be more voter but nearly everyone i know is voting yes , it 's more of a young vs old thing than a rural vs urban thing . 
  too early . 
  anyone that age is at work or in bed . 
  and i get unlimited on 3 's 3g business plan . 
  it was my main internet connection for a while . 
  auld people . 
  i think it will pass though . 
  i think people are underestimating the youth vote , a lot of people have registered that never voted before . 
  huh ? 
  those perverts !, 
  i think canada would be a good eu member , can we build a bridge ? 
  i kind of like it at the moment . 
  free movement , shared currency but no shared army ( i 'm from a neutral country ) and we have our own ambassadors . 
  more water slides . 
  i do n't know about visas but ireland has a lot of software jobs . 
  companies are struggling to get people . 
  it should be noted that the eu does n't have software patents . 
  so no the software side there may be innovation going on that does not show up on this map . 
  inbetweeners ? 
  your bouncers are really really weird about them though . 
  non of us have seen a real tan, 
  it can but letting companies have leases . 
  and you can lose your deposit if you try to get out early . 
  by direct vote . 
  that 's coming indirectly from irish americans . 
  you can smell the american politics in the vote . 
  i 've never heard an irish person use the phrase `` traditional marriage '' before this vote . 
  any inequality is inequality . 
  i do n't care if it 's a syllable . 
  united republic, 
  i 'd like to redraw the border so dublin is in northern ireland . 
  daft.ie , call the phone number , see the flat , give them a deposit , maybe sign a lease . 
  yeah , we like to bitch ( fucking irish ruined ireland ) but our schools are pretty good . 
  about 20 % of teachers are just there to cash a cheque but most of them know they 're subject and give a shit . 
  this may be through but sputniknews is rt , it 's a propaganda organisation . 
  well if you treated us states as countries i 'm sure a lot of them would be up there but there are probably states bring the average down . 
  we 're number 15 , we 're number 15 !, 
  i think at some point in the next ten years someone like google with make a universal translator that works really well and at the point the language barriers will devolve and a shared european identity will grow faster . 
  well it 's a little known fact that ireland is bringing in gay marriage as a response to the russian flyovers . 
  it 's part of defence strategy , if we gay up the country enough it will scare the russians away . 
  we need to up our game, 
  i think that ` tis ( it is ) is a translation for t\u00e1,
