  they 're decisions of the european court of human rights , which is a body of the council of europe . 
  the coe was set up ( with the uk as a founding member ) in the 1940s , and is based in strasbourg . 
  so much uk hositility to the eu seems to be based on hostility to an unrelated , separate entitiy . 
  that comes from the ignorance of the press , and their unwillingness to make the distinction . 
  i 'm off to bed . 
  out of curiousity , in case we do n't come back to it , are logistical/practical issues your sole objections ? 
  in otherwords , do you believe it 's a moral good prevented by practical considerations ? 
  i do n't see anyone pushing the `` there were no jews in palestine before israel '' nonsense here , so i do n't think that needs to be argued . 
  why should the rights for a person to return to their land be affected by who did the kicking out ? 
  if a family is kicked off their land by jews or arabs , surely the right to return to said land applies regardless of who now holds it ? 
  and , one would assume , that right equally applies to their direct , displaced descendants . 
  i ca n't see any reason why similar rights or compensation not be applied in the case of jews who were displaced . 
  quite a big difference , as you point out . 
  my point was n't to equivocate between theocracy and israel , but to point out how problematic it is for states to identify overtly and deliberately with a particular race or group . 
  you 're also right to point out that the concept of israel as a jewish state is a contested one , something to which i referred in my own comment . 
  i 'd take issue with the comment that arab israelis enjoy equal rights to jewish israelis . 
  beyond just the legal rights , there 's a broader social discrimination which has practical impacts on rights , along with ( as discussed ) the legal definition of israel as a `` jewish state '' , a necessarily exclusive definition . 
  the practical effects of the citizenship law also disproportionately affects arab israelis , as do some of the arrangements around property law and distribution ( the last one being one i 'm not too familiar with myself . ), 
  i 'm sorry , i think i 'm missing your point . 
  it 's complex , there are/were other actors , but how does any of this explain away right of return in israel , or those people whose villages were demolished/resettled by israelis . 
  all i see in the above post is a distraction from the israeli issue . 
  maybe i 'm missing what point you 're making . 
  i also listed four causes , and did n't exactly refer to surrounding arab states in heroic terms . 
  so while i 'm simplifying , i do n't think i 'm doing so to anywhere near the extent you suggest . 
  well , yes , often it is , in a way . 
  or perhaps more usefully , the cause of the conflict is ultimately israeli expansionism . 
  not the only cause ( and there are plenty on the wider `` arab side '' ) obviously , but the primary one . 
  if you view the conflict as a series of tit-for-tat style events , then you can say x shooting led to y rocket attack which led to z bombing . 
  but that does n't really go anywhere , since it suggests that the conflict is a meaningless series of revenge attacks , with no central issue . 
  ultimately , the bigger causes of the current conflict are not who shot who yesterday , but ( a ) denial of a right of return for people kicked out of their homes , ( b ) systemic human rights abuses for people living in palestine , ( c ) historic and ongoing expansion of mostly illegal israeli settlements and ( d ) a near-total lack of opportunity - economic , political or even migratory - for most palestinians . 
  a , b and c are almost entirely the fault of israel . 
  d is mostly their fault , but also that of surrounding countries like egypt , who are all too happy to bash the israelis about palestine , but do n't offer much to actual palestinians beyond meaningless , po-faced `` solidarity '' . 
  it 's a pretty stupid thing to say on the ( presumably former ) diplomat 's part , but the waters are muddied when people insist ( as many israelis on the right , centre and centre-left in israel do ) on defining israel as an explicitly jewish state . 
  and making people swear an oath to that effect . 
  so , to use your analogy , i do n't imagine we 'd be much enamoured with people who 'd insist on defining their country as a `` black state '' or a `` white state '' . 
  that 's not to excuse the diplomat ( who , when you read stories with context , seems more stupid than racist ( not that those two things are mutually exclusive ) ) , but if we 're to talk about double standards , it 's a point worth making . 
  fuck people who conflate religions and races with states . 
  i understand the thinking , but i 'd be concerned that a referendum might not end it . 
  say the british people vote to stay in the eu . 
  does ukip just shut up shop ? 
  do the eurosceptic press stop bullshitting ? 
  i could see it just going on and on . 
  true , but not in this case . 
  was n't an area the eu dealt with then , and this was well before any eu charters of rights or the like . 
  the reason i mentioned it was n't pedantry . 
  particularly in the uk , people blame `` europe '' for `` barmy '' human rights decisions , and use those decisions as a stick to beat the eu with . 
  in most cases , they 're actually talking about the council of europe , which is n't related to the eu . 
  huh . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  again , fair enough . 
  in that sense , though , eu membership gives small countries much more power than they would ordinarily have . 
  the ability to influence and change eu industry standards is much , much greater than it would be if it was simply germany setting their own standard . 
  sovereignty 's a complex idea . 
  but if it 's thought of in terms of power , i reckon the eu is a power-increaser for smaller states . 
  they get a minor voice at the table , rather than none . 
  i can understand that , particularly from an irish point of view . 
  but is n't norway in practice in various forms of union and association ? 
  efta , eea , schengen , the un , coe etc ? 
  i do n't know much about it , but would fisheries be the only large industry threatened by eu membership ? 
  or are there other industries which benefit from subsidy or a lack of eu regulations ? 
  fair enough . 
  but that seems less an issue of sovereignty than it is economics . 
  if the ability to secede means a country 's sovereignty is unaffected , then the same logic applies to all the eu member states , which can secede if they want . 
  also , out of curiousity , what does the fedora-wearing bit mean ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  yes , because people who want more progress hold back ireland . 
  but people who say it 's vaguely grand are always the great drivers of progress . 
  hardly . 
  i honestly have no idea how someone pointing out ways ireland could catch up with the rest of its neighbours could be construed as `` holding it back '' . 
  anyway , on to what you said . 
  you wo n't get killed or shot for being gay , or be thrown in the magdalene laundries . 
  progress , yes , but hardly markers for a well-adjusted country . 
  ireland has progressed hugely , but we 're still very conservative . 
  the standard i based the claim that ireland is conservative off is n't just my own , it 's a comparative one with that of other western european countries . 
  neighbours are good people to compare yourself to , usually . 
  the examples i gave ( two centre-right parties competing for government , a weak organised left , an abortion ban , near-exclusive church control of education , trans rights and church attendance ) are all unusual or unique in western europe . 
  also , you said that ireland has a `` we wo n't bother you '' attitude . 
  to which groups would you say irish people are '' * more * accepting '' of than , say , any of our neighbours ? 
  protestants ? 
  the working class ? 
  single mothers ? 
  gay people ? 
  travellers ? 
  ireland might take a `` let them at at it '' sort of attitude which is great in many ways , but i do n't see it translating into how society deals with minority groups or those outside the `` norm '' . 
  and , on the point you raised about trans rights , you 've just described a conservative population/political class . 
  one which does n't understand an issue , but still sees fit to restrict rights of people involved in the issue . 
  i was n't making a point about blame , but merely stating it 's accurate to describe the irish population as being more conservative than others . 
  i think your description of their views on trans rights substantiate that . 
  oddly , though , for all this back and forth ( there really is no need to get all angry ) , i think we 'd largely agree that participation in the european project has driven ireland to be a more progressive place than it was . 
  i still think there 's more to do , though . 
  i have no idea why you 're going all mad . 
  the first point was simply a correction of fact . 
  we 're much , much less conservative than we were , and there have been massive social changes in the past decades . 
  i agree that much of that ( as i said in my post ) is down to being part of the eu and the wider european project . 
  but that 's , in part , because we came from such a rabidly conservative place . 
  let 's not kid ourselves and pretend that ireland is now a liberal european country . 
  we 're still very conservative . 
  politically ( all elections are essentially choices between two centre-right parties , with an almost non-existent further left ) , legally ( look at abortion , for example , or transgender rights or asylum ) , socially ( particularly when it comes to sex and just being different - something which is less easy to measure , but i 've definitely found from being abroad , or in terms of religious control of education ) , and in terms of religion ( we have the highest rate of church attendance in western europe ) . 
  i live in brussels and have worked for an eu institution - i 'm not knocking the eu or its role in ireland , but lets not pretend that it 's suddenly become a liberal country , even with all the massive changes in the past three decades . 
  i do n't really get the sovereignty argument .
