  norway is subject to many of the same rules and regulations that eu member states are , but have no say in their formation . 
  that sounds like less sovereignty to me . 
  norway even pays for about 2.5 % of the eu 's operating budget , plus billions in eea/efta grants every year . 
  i really do n't get the argument behind a norwegian opt out . 
  decriminalisation of homosexuality was down to a judgment from the echr , which is part of the council of europe . 
  it 's completely separate from the eu , and was founded in the 1940s and has around 50 member states . 
  still , i reckon the opening up of travel , markets , and political exposure to europe helped make ireland the slightly-less priest-ridden conservative backwater it is today . 
  we 'd probably still be banning condoms if it was n't for our being part of a modern , wider , more open europe . 
  does it , though ? 
  which reports do you mean ? 
  indeed . 
  also a bit odd to headline this with `` bbc '' , as if they 're making the claim , rather than simply reporting that someone has made the claim . 
  i do n't think the latter comment about the commission is entirely accurate . 
  there is certainly corruption , and certainly much more cronyism , but most of the issues i 'd take with commission decisions have more to do with ideology or politics than actual cronyism . 
  i worked until recently on eu energy policy . 
  while there were plenty of dodgy decisions to help out national industry , i think it was more down to politics than any specific or systemic corruption . 
  a minor distinction , perhaps , but an important one . 
  no , i live in belgium . 
  i think you 're conflating `` unionists '' with people for whom that identity is crucially important to them . 
  an overwhelming majority of people ( catholic and protestant ) in northern ireland are unionist , but might identify as british , irish , northern irish , or a mix of the above . 
  bit misleading to say `` the irish side '' . 
  there are several walls , and none of them are on the border with ireland . 
  they divide parts of towns . 
  these murals are , from what i can see , all from the nationalist/catholic areas . 
  i would n't say that one side of wall is `` irish '' . 
  you could argue both are , or that one side identify as such , but i think it 's less problematic to talk about the nationalist side , as there are plenty of unionists who still refer to themselves as irish . 
  there was a nice little film on this exact point : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqytg9bnhfm, 
  huh ? 
  it 's not tax-free . 
  it 's got a higher effective rate of corporate tax than france . 
  ireland is a low-tax economy , for sure , but not as much as it 's made out to be . 
  on the `` republic '' issue , it 's unfortunately more complex . 
  the name of the state in english is `` ireland '' , and it 's internationally recognised as such . 
  in irish the name of the state is `` eire '' , although that should n't be used in english . 
  the term `` republic of ireland '' is the official description of the state , but not its name . 
  so there is an official use , and it can be used when making comparisons with northern ireland . 
  generally , though , ireland is fine . 
  just in case people are mislead by the headline , this was just a trial in one school . 
  there are others , but it 's not as if this is something every school in ireland is doing . 
  how ? 
  being cut off from most media , civil society and other institutions ? 
  but that 's not a solution . 
  the other primary institutions ( perm reps , the commission ) are based in brussels . 
  the ngos are based in brussels . 
  the trade groups are based in brussels . 
  the lobby groups are based in brussels . 
  the think tanks are based in brussels . 
  everything the parliament would be doing - apart from the plenary session - is in brussels , and it would involve a massive amount of duplication ( which less moneyed interest groups could n't afford ) to work with the parliament . 
  a permanent move to strasbourg is a fine way to increase travel expenses and hassle , slow down the process , and make the parliament an even less relevant institution . 
  well . 
  if `` part '' of the argument about immigrants is about benefits , and being a drain on public finances , then we can close down that argument , right ? 
  and move on to the others . 
  sorry , first paragraph . 
  i do n't see why you 're so fixated on gdp as an issue here . 
  still , the article clearly is n't talking about gdp . 
  it 's talking about a net cost or benefit to uk public finances from a particular group . 
  you should read the headline properly . 
  gdp did n't grow by # 25bn . 
  * net * public finances did . 
  that means that direct provision of individual services to migrants cost x. 
  the amount they paid in direct taxes was y. y - x = # 25bn . 
  so the point is not about per capita anything . 
  the british government has # 25bn extra to spend than it would without migrants , and clearly means that the uk 's public finances would be in a worse state without migrants . 
  there 's already a decent verb : coalesce . 
  sounds ... seedy . 
  sweden is so low presumably , in part , because of snus . 
  i see what he did there . 
  doable in belgium . 
  i 've lived in brussels for 5 months on $ 1,030 and for six months on $ 800 , all in . 
  the latter months were tight , but i was still going out plenty . 
  that 's due to the nature of what happens . 
  they 're not comparable procedures , and have markedly different effects and purposes . 
  the male procedure does n't hinder or significantly alter sexual ability or have any noticeable medical effects . 
  the female procedure involves the removal of the clitoral hood , parts of the clitoris , and scarring of the whole area . 
  the purpose is to control the women 's sexual ability , and restrict any future pleasure from sex . 
  if you have n't read about fgm before , i can see how you could make that comment , but a small bit of research should show that the two are n't comparable at all . 
  if i had any money , i 'd award you reddit gold for this . 
  international politics by wine quotas and euphemisms . 
  i 'll take it over trenches . 
  armed to the teeth . 
  you do n't get to be neutral for a few centuries in a continent which is almost always at war . 
  or just sell as normal . 
  if russia cuts off the supply , then the price goes up , but there 's little utility to russia to cut it off . 
  like any other product . 
  another main way to control the intermittency problem with renewables is , unfortunately , gas . 
  not so much . 
  contrary to the way people talk about energy security , it 's generally traded on the open market ( where accessible ) . 
  so we 'd still be taking gas from russia should europe magically come up with enough gas to keep itself turning over . 
  shale gas is not present in sufficient quantities to make a big difference to european energy . 
  it is likely to be more expensive ( estimated at twice the cost ) of us extraction , so wo n't push out russian gas or coal . 
  here 's a good paper on the market aspects , but from what little i 've read elsewhere , it seems optimistic on the safety front . 
  i 'll , eh , just bring the drinks . 
  god i love those two shows . 
  indeed . 
  i used to think it was normal , but we were just more open and fun about it . 
  but not so much once you go abroad . 
  sure , others drink more , but that 's not to suggest that we do n't have issues . 
  we do drink a lot . 
  mainly owing to the main social outlet being a pub . 
  really ?
