  yeah , they can raise their smartphones and tweet pictures of the trained , armed belligerents until they scream for mercy . 
  but we 've been told : `` the best answer to terrorism is indifference . '', 
  what 's the french original of `` is at war '' ? 
  the only thing growing in the eurozone is the volume of lies and bureaucracy its pundits spread . 
  `` no , no . 
  you misundertand . 
  it 's a freecycled military object we turned into a hookah of peace . '', 
  there is blood on the hands of the eu leaders who have conducted an irresponsible migration policy in a time of hybrid warfare . 
  the uk , alongside the usa , has built up the best university system in the world . 
  it did n't need the eu to do so and it does n't need it now . 
  it can get the job done on its own and do it better than the rest of the second-rate university systems throughout europe . 
  i 'll raise you three million and throw in failure of the welfare state for free . 
   and i would argue that oppression is way worse . 
  i would prefer death over years of torture . 
  why is death worse anyways ? 
  very few people were harmed , tortured , etc. 
  before syria fell apart in comparison to after . 
  whether death is better than torture is a separate issue . 
  in addition , claiming that death is better than years of torture is immaterial here , because even if that is true , millions would not be on the run , hundreds of thousands of lives would not have been lost , and tens of thousands of people would have avoided torture if syria had not been destroyed . 
  i know did and is doing awful things . 
  what i 'm saying is that those were on a scale much smaller than what he and others have done since syria was destroyed by foreign tampering . 
  i agree with your assessment of the governments ( previous and current ) . 
  notably , even their budgets are nearly identical , despite all the fury in the media and on the streets about what are actually miniscule differences in the bigger picture of the total budget composition . 
  i also agree that the migrant crisis is not only external , but largely internal . 
  whether you 're left or right , if you look at the issue you will learn that sweden and other eu countries as well as the eu should have done much more a few years ago in order to handle this more efficiently . 
  however , they did not optimise their systems in advance when they saw what was to come , but hoped for the best which has led to border chaos , destabilisation of domestic infrastructures and increased disharmony between eu member states . 
  there has been weak leadership on all fronts . 
  you ca n't know how it would have turned out . 
  illusions and political oppression are no good , but some might argue that they 're preferrable to hundreds of thousands of dead and millions on the run . 
  i have n't claimed he was . 
  i 'm just pointing out that far less people would have died and been oppressed if he had been kept in power . 
  haha . 
  and it applies to everything i say . 
  great read and i agree with the moral of the story !, 
  encouraging words . 
  i 've travelled a lot , but i like the landscapes and the nature here . 
  speak danish to us , it 's good for us . 
  it 's a shame we do n't read in and understand spoken danish . 
  ( some of us do of course , but not most of us . ), 
  yes , precedent was set , but the landowner still has a right to file a claim and a right to the property , as far as i am aware , but i do not have the proper education to know exactly how swedish law works in similar cases . 
  i did n't word that very well . 
  what i meant is that they are trying to counteract deflation with measures that will lead to further deflation . 
  sweden has been stimulating enormous borrowing for years without producing enormous growth . 
  now they think that if they make it even easier to loan money they will have fixed things . 
  i agree . 
  one can not know in advance , but the sceptics were right on this one . 
  the intervention resulted in twelve million syrians having to flee their homes . 
  we also have a hard time understanding that things will change , that we are imperfect , etc. 
  see the [ status quo bias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/status_quo_bias ) :  status quo bias is an emotional bias ; a preference for the current state of affairs . 
  the current baseline ( or status quo ) is taken as a reference point , and any change from that baseline is perceived as a loss . 
  status quo bias should be distinguished from a rational preference for the status quo ante , as when the current state of affairs is objectively superior to the available alternatives , or when imperfect information is a significant problem . 
  a large body of evidence , however , shows that status quo bias frequently affects human decision-making . 
  ( wikipedia ), 
  what 's left of it . 
  there are other indicators to consider when evaluating a recession . 
  i 'm simply going to refer to a website which supports my claim and which collects its statistics from statistics sweden and other official sources . 
  [ prognoser om ekonomin ; * english : economic forecasts * ] ( http://www.ekonomifakta.se/sv/fakta/ekonomi/tillvaxt/prognoser-om-ekonomin/ ) ( ekonomifakta )  sverige har befunnit sig i l\u00e5gkonjunktur sedan 2009 och \u00e4r fortfarande inne i en \u00e5terh\u00e4mtningsfas . 
  ( translation : * sweden has been in recession since 2009 and is still in a recovery phase . 
  the forecasts for 2016 show a gdp growth of around 3 per cent , an unemployment rate of just over 7 per cent and an inflation rate of just over 1 per cent . 
  ( translation : * in 2017 at the latest sweden will be out of the recession , the national institute of economic research forecasts . 
  * ) whether we agree on the definition of a recession or whether sweden is in a recession , my point stands that the swedish economy is not doing great . 
  a housing bubble is looming , radical negative interest policies are in place , swedes have sky-high personal debt , the governor of the central bank of sweden at the very least claims that what he does goes against his principles , and so on . 
  actually it 's hyperbole , but stubbornness and stupidity prevent people from distinguishing the former from the latter two . 
  the word you are looking for is `` cowardice '' and it is not that . 
  the cowardice is not listening to the people at domestic and eu level as well as not openly , rationally discussing detailed calculations . 
  the situation is a deadlock and the crisis needs to be worsened in order to change the situation . 
  some rupture either in the physical world , but preferrably in the ideology , is needed in order to begin approaching the crisis itself rationally . 
  how 's that ? 
  they may be referring to * gypsy child thieves * ( 2009 ) by liviu tipurita . 
  at the end of the documentary the viewer is taken on a tour of a grandiose residential district allegedly built by money from begging and organised crime abroad . 
  sweden has begun abandoning the principle of securing private property rights . 
  it would have been a humanitarian win to have never destabilised his power . 
  sweden has been in a recession since 2009 . 
  as the minister of finance has stated several times this year , the economy needs to be manipulated into growth . 
  she hopes migrant flows and a negative negative interest rate ( causing people to spend their savings , etc. ), 
  will make it grow . 
  the value of the swedish crown ( compared to the euro and the dollar ) has been decreasing for over a year . 
  the government is also doing a poor job at counteracting inflation by decreasing the amount of money in circulation , etc. 
  do you think the current ministers are competent ? 
  ( in comparison with the previous mandate period ? ), 
  why or why not ? 
  there needs to be a crisis more serious than this in order to shift the discourse in order to allow calculations and reasonable debate . 
  the swedish government used to be very practical . 
  it was boring , but things were well-planned . 
  today little is planned well and no backup plans are presented in case things go wrong . 
  both left , right and other are wary of the future and quickly losing faith in the system . 
  nations can hang in there when elites are sent into unemployment . 
  was wanting the destruction of ancien r\u00e9gime a sign of french masochism ? 
  i see it as a sign of affirmation of life , intelligence and the will to stand up among the french masses . 
  it 'll be just fine . 
  swedes do n't have to repay their mortgages because the banks only ask for interest . 
  you are seeing the start of one . 
  i hope sweden buckles . 
  and i say that as someone who will be hit hard if it happens . 
  there needs to be a complete rehaul of our democracy as well as our fiscal and immigration policies . 
  if sweden 's economy is doing so great why is the central bank fighting a recession with these radical measures ? 
  will these measures begin acutely harming consumers ? 
  swedes have extremely high personal debt ( 149-175 % of annual income according to sources ranging from eurostat to the media ) and almost no savings . 
  the governor of the central bank of sweden is going against his own intentions from last year . 
  with these negative rates he 's contributing to increasing consumer debt , bloating the financial services sector and making it easier to loan money , while ensuring that swedes are some of the worst savers in the eu .
