  did you miss the lessons where you 're taught to judge a person 's actions , not the person ? 
   i said sweden is more accepting of immigrants than any country in europe . 
  i have n't claimed you did n't . 
   never once did i say that every country with a small population should have a high immigration rate . 
  what you said was : `` a country with less than 10 million is clearly going to have a higher rate than a country with 320 million '' . 
  this suggested rule is incorrect . 
   i will reiterate again . 
  policies with small and homogeneous populations compared to the u.s. , will not work in the u.s. . you ca n't know that such policies `` will not work '' because a ) you ca n't see into the future , b ) not even all the sociological research in the world could support your claim , and c ) no one can possible know whether that 's true universally . 
  if you change your position to `` likely may not work '' or `` the conditions are different so it is not clear how they will work '' that would be reasonable , but what you say is not verifiable . 
   i have no beef with sweden or anyone from there . 
  my argument is against people who criticize the u.s. for lacking universal health care , free university , government sponsored leave , etc. 
  while living in a country that is smaller and far less diverse than the u.s. 
  yes , and that has nothing to do with this discussion . 
  you 're griping at me about other people you do n't like and bring up issues that have nothing to do with this . 
   if a swedish person says `` it 's hard to provide these benefits to all swedes as immigration outpaces our ability to provide those benefits . 
  we should cut back on immigration and shut up about criticizing the u.s. about the lack of benefits , or we should cut benefits and stop criticizing the u.s. about the lack of benefits '' . 
  then i 'd agree . 
  if an american thinks that the sweden is some haven that can take in unlimited people with the same benefits and want those policies in america , i 'd disagree . 
  nationality has nothing to do with it . 
  once again , these points have nothing to do with our topic of conversation . 
  we were n't talking about these factors in the us and i was not criticising them . 
  considering the quality of the discussion at this point i 'm going to leave it at that . 
  have a good weekend . 
  it does n't matter , as long as germany decides . 
   a country with less than 10 million is clearly going to have a higher rate another incorrect fact and absolutely false rule today and historically . 
  this immigrant population was not historically the case in , e.g. 
  sweden . 
  there are dozens and dozens of countries with small to moderate populations with much smaller immigrant populations . 
  a few examples in case you are lazy and still believe the things you throw out there : madagascar has a population of about 22 million ( immigrants 0.1 % ) , colombia has 48 million people ( 0.3 % immigrants ) , cuba has 11 million ( < 1 % immigrants ) , the czech republic has 11 million people ( 4 % immigrants ) , hungary with 10 million ( 4 % immigrants ) , etc. , etc. 
  your other points i have n't argued and did n't set out to argue . 
  you 're fighting imaginary dragons there and think you see opponents where there are none . 
  you clearly have a problem with sweden and project your own dislikes onto the personal responsibility of anyone from there . 
  you 're really all over the place . 
  obviously i was n't talking about absolute numbers . 
  if you reread the post i mentioned percentages and then drew the conclusion . 
  thus the claim was clearly that in percentage and per capita , sweden is a bigger immigrant country than the us . 
  not that sweden has more immigrants than the us in total . 
  only germany knows the truth path . 
  would be most interesting if this were proved to be the case . 
  yeah , well without a time machine and a device that can read thoughts we 'll never know what was happening in her head . 
  perhaps we can simply reprimand her as and if needed , but also give her the benefit of a doubt . 
  there 's no point in turning this into a witch-hunt against her and ruining another life while so many other lives are being ruined . 
  we 're supposed to be giving people a second chance . 
  we can give one to her too . 
   anybody highlighting sweden 's recent lead in foreign born population as being some kind of leader in immigration is ignoring the us 's history of bringing in more immigrants than the next 3 countries combined for the past 200 years . 
  you 're free to have that opinion , but it 's a strawman . 
  in other words , i never claimed that , but you act as if i did and avoid meeting my claims straight on . 
   there was a time that the u.s. had a similar population as sweden and at that point in time the u.s. had much higher than 21 % foreign born . 
  i have not claimed otherwise . 
  each country has its own situation . 
  sweden 's historical development and current demographics are an enormous revolution and also an enormous strain on the country . 
  the pure numbers would not have the same demographic or economic effect in india . 
   for every minor ethnicity sweden has , america has that `` insert minor ethnicity '' swede-american . 
  america also hosts the largest population of many countries outside of their native country that was n't your point . 
  you claimed that european countries are homogenous , but i demonstrated that they are not and have not been that way . 
  your second statement is here about numbers in context and absolute numbers , but you have to look at local conditions to make sense of them . 
  i just read in another article via this subreddit that 25 % of children in scotland live in poverty and many do n't get enough nutrition so they go to school hungry . 
  how does it make sense to take in more people when you 're taking worse care of your own children than poorer european countries ? 
  that does n't contradict what i claimed . 
   but acting like everything is doomed because you 're taking in refugees is a pretty simplistic theory . 
  this is a strawman . 
  i never claimed that . 
  let 's look at the issue here . 
  the redditor claimed immigrants increase demand , implying they create jobs and everything 's ok . 
  i demonstrated that that is not the case and that their hypothesis needs to be refined , because it 's too general and does n't work . 
   also , i highly disagree that these people wo n't be integrated . 
  well , people believe in imaginary beings in the sky , so i 'm not suprised by that claim . 
  do know that in sweden , integration policy has largely failed , that it takes seven years on average to get work , that the children who come alone ( * ensamkommande flyktingbarn * ) cost the state the most per person , but thousands have been taken in in recent years and they have the most dismal long-term employment statistics ? 
  even if 49 % vote for them that will not be enough , due to the current quarantine policy . 
  they need a majority in themselves , and even then i 'm sure there will be chaos . 
  maybe the king will step in . 
  the media will most-definitely step in . 
  in the 2014 national election we had months of anti-sweden democrat propaganda in the newspapers , the cooperation of newspapers with far-left criminal organisations , media and media-collaborators breaking into people 's bank accounts and hacking all sorts of personal information , increased death threats from left and right , etc. 
  i tell you what though , the next swedish election in 2018 is going to be mad and i 'm beginning to think it may be wise to leave the country around that time to avoid the propaganda , riots and coming criminal activity . 
  edit : thanks , denmark is a great neighbour !, 
  do you think you could at least arrest the swedes who are driving over to denmark and illegally conveying the unidentified refugees to malm\u00f6 ? 
  we 're na\u00efve humanitarians and do n't realise this is dangerous and illegal , but instead think we 're morally superior to both reason and international and national law . 
  according to the opinion polls i 've been reading there 's not a clear majority that does , but the swedish minorities governments have never really cared what people wanted . 
  you mean svermolia ? 
  yes , and sweden , excels at denial just like the us . 
  this is completely irrelevant to their argument . 
  please define eating the welfare state . 
   compared to the u.s. , countries in europe are extremely homogeneous . 
  being a swede with blond hair and blue eyes that speaks a certain dialect vs. a brown hair , green eyed swede speaking a different dialect is n't exactly diversity . 
  definitely not the same as an guatemalan-american and vietnamese-american . 
  let 's look at this comparison . 
  the guatemalan-americans and vietnamese-americans have been in the us for what , a few decades . 
  well , then we 'll look at a chilean-swede and a chinese-swede who 've been here for a few decades . 
  notably , sweden 's foreign-born population ( 16.5 % ) [ * ] ( http://www.scb.se/sv_/hitta-statistik/statistik-efter-amne/befolkning/befolkningens-sammansattning/befolkningsstatistik/25788/25795/helarsstatistik---riket/26040/ ) is large than the us 's foreign-born population [ ( 14.3 % ) ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_immigrant_population ) . 
  sweden is a bigger immigrant country than the united states and has been this way for years . 
  in 2014 , 21.5 % of sweden 's population was either born abroad or had both parents born abroad . 
  [ * ] ( http://www.scb.se/sv_/hitta-statistik/statistik-efter-amne/befolkning/befolkningens-sammansattning/befolkningsstatistik/25788/25795/helarsstatistik---riket/26040/ )  what i mean is that unless an immigrant strips themselves of all heritage , they will not fit in to most european countries . 
  that 's not true . 
  europe is very diverse and these issues will depend , to begin with , on where you are in europe . 
  second , you have to define `` fit in '' to get anywhere with this . 
   your statement even highlights it . 
  you are taking a group that has a ton of commonalities and separating them into different groups based on minor language differences . 
  that 's not the case . 
  the differences are much more than linguistic and go right into hundreds of years of traditional , religion and even where they live and what they surivive on . 
  it 's like speaking of the amish or texas germans to some extent ( though a deceptive comparison ) in that these two groups are also american .
