   any time a distinction like that has to be made shows how closely one holds on to even a regional identity and will alienate those not sharing that identity . 
  yes , but your are missing this : that identity can still be included in the conservative national identity , just like variations within nation states elsewhere . 
  then we 'd really see people angry about losing their jobs to immigrants . 
   i think if sweden took in talented entrepreneurs and artists from china and germany then sweden would boom . 
  instead there 's just a growing welfare load , segregation , poorer school environments , etc. 
  yeah , i 've heard of this problem and have known people who have thought of moving because of it . 
  however , just because housing prices are higher in another country does not mean that sweden is not going through a housing bubble . 
  yeah , foreign aid workers . 
  in any case , that was not the effect of your argument , so you 're being dishonest . 
  you were clearly implying that immigration is going to work out because it creates demand , which in turn creates jobs . 
  the amount of `` jobs '' that arose in the countries i mentioned is nothing stable , not a reasonable long-term economic measure , and do not provide for a reasonable growth comparative to what those immigrant populations would need if they were an actual , integrated part of society , which they are not and will not be . 
  america does not provide a much larger cost : welfare benefits and all bills paid to illegal immigrants that make it onto american soil . 
  european countries are small , but they are not homogenous and have not been homogenous . 
  that is a complete myth . 
  do you know a small country like sweden has five minority languages that have been there for hundreds of years , each one with its own distinct culture ... let alone the hundreds of languages spoken there now with modern immigration ? 
  what do you mean the eu is so excluding based on national identity ? 
  please explain . 
  no they did n't at all . 
  they wrote :  if i were a rapist from iraq or algeria ... and who hold alarmingly extreme islamist views there is no statement to the effect that you claim . 
  the poster makes a hypothetical claim , stating that if people from these two countries have a certain set of qualities you will allow them in , but not a person from another country with another set of specific qualities . 
  there is nothing to the effect of the racism you claim to be found in their statement . 
  they make no sweeping statements about all iraqis or algerians , etc. 
  reread the statement . 
  you 're being oversentisive about a politically charged issue . 
   immigrants are a net negative for you economy . 
  no matter what bubbles you are trying to prop up . 
  yes , i know . 
  it 's not true of all immigrants , but it is true of immigrants as a whole today . 
   destroy your own country for short term profit . 
   sweden 's welfare state is so insane people will stay on the public tit , bring their families over , and taxes will be raised to pay for their children . 
   these people are unemployable and illiterate mostly . 
  yes . 
  the thread 's too large . 
  i have n't been through most of it yet ... 
  it 's cool . 
  they 'll stop abusing a shitty situation and start abusing us soon . 
   what prospects do they have of surviving on their own in their host countries ? 
  none , but they wo n't be on their own . 
  they 'll be on welfare immediately and for years thereafter . 
   what prospects do they have of surviving on their own in their host countries ? 
  none , but they wo n't be on their own . 
  they 'll be on welfare immediately and for years thereafter . 
  funny , they 're marching right over you now . 
  there will be loads of literature on it in the future . 
  they are only between 10 % and 20 % . 
  but wait , they 'll come in the next wave in three months , which is when the migrants can send for their families . 
  so , 800,000 ( [ 3/4 men ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.html ) ) means millions . 
  have noticed this myself . 
  interesting thing , the average economic migrant from syria spends more getting to sweden than 90 % of swedes have in savings ( which is less than 10,000 sek ) . 
  in eu law a refugee is a person fleeing for their immediately endangered life . 
  they are supposed to go to and be taken care of at the first war-free country of arrival . 
  the problem is that they are not doing this . 
  they are ignoring one law after the next one and forfeiting their own moral and legal status as refugees . 
  they pillage houses in greece , ignore traffic laws , deny financial assistance in numerous countries , ignore other help , riot , etc. 
  at the same time countries like germany and sweden are ignoring the very conventions they signed and not processing the refugees/migrants according to law , which means that ~ ~ bright the governments not the migrants are rioting ~ ~ neither the governments nor the migrants are following any system of law or reason . 
  it 's a complete mess , and a complete humanitarian and political failure at the individual , national and eu levels . 
  stop , think and read up before you call every critical person a xenophobe . 
  edit : part of sentence did n't make sense due to autospell . 
  how are you towards law-abiding immigrants from europe there ? 
  less than half of the migrants moving north in europe now are from syria . 
  watch the interview with the migrants on [ danish tv ] ( https://youtu.be/jhhoopswnma ) ( the first six seconds are in danish ) . 
  they explicitly state that they are going to sweden to get twice as much money ( 10,000 sek/month ) as you get in denmark . 
  the question is sooner : what the hell is wrong with eu migration policy , with sweden , and with these `` refugees '' ? 
  in other words , sweden has for decades been stockpiling the last desirable refugees , being that they expect the highest pay for the least effort . 
  they 're going to bring their families over . 
  in sweden that 's allowed after three months . 
  think of the numbers then . 
  no one . 
  scandinavians are pussies and deserve to be invaded . 
  reality was never a strength of christians . 
  if he was interrupted in the act maybe he 'd planned for something more romantic . 
  [ `` this year , according to un figures , 50 % alone are from two non-african countries : syria ( 38 % ) and afghanistan ( 12 % ) . 
  when migrants from pakistan , iraq and iran are added into the equation , it becomes clear that the number of african migrants is significantly less than half . 
  even so , as discussed above , many of them -- especially those from eritrea , darfur , and somalia -- have legitimate claims to refugee status . 
  '' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/aug/10/10-truths-about-europes-refugee-crisis ), 
  i agree the redditor is an being asshole , but a racist ? 
  lebanon and turkey have received one and two million syrian refugees respectively . 
  loads of demand there !, 
  where are all those fucking jobs in lebanon and turkey ? 
  the us historically gave work to immigrants , did n't have an enormous welfare state and did n't give thousands of dollars a month to every illegal immigrant . 
   why is it always ignored that refugees can actually make contributions to the host country 's economy ? 
  this is not ignored in most places . 
  in sweden and germany it is the dominant narrative . 
   these are thousands of new customers and potential entrepreneurs with their own skills and ideas ... 
  in sweden the average immigrant has to wait seven years to get a job . 
  at any give time over 6/10 of them are unemployed . 
  the overwhelming majority of them cost more money to the state in their lifetimes than they put back in the system . 
  moreover , ask yourself , where do they get all that money from to start buying stuff when they get to sweden ? 
  are they rich ? 
  ( then what are they doing in sweden ? ) . 
  are they getting benefits ? 
  yes . 
  they are taking taxpayers ' money and spending it on consumables instead of using that taxpayer money to actually contribute to building a stronger infrastructure instead of just artificially propping up the economy by inflating the service , consumables and short-term loan sectors . 
   america has handled influxes of refugees well because they are given the opportunity to integrate without too much pressure . 
  people that have had the shit bombed out of them and narrowly escaped massacres are going to want to stick with their countrymen that helped get them out alive . 
  this is n't a refusal to integrate , it 's just going to take time . 
  america has handled influxes of refugees well because america does n't give welfare to illegal immigrants and because america offers people work . 
  the are no jobs in europe and the housing and job markets are almost completely static due to socialism . 
  this is good for homeowners because it keeps pressure on housing and keeps prices going up . 
  so it 's also a way of keeping the swedish housing bubble from bursting .
