  i was trying to be salty . 
  that 's lack of solidarity with the baking industry . 
  feminists are n't willing to be branded `` racists '' and be killed for criticising a foreign religion . 
  it will be part of the next generation when more girls of muslim background get into the universities and study social sciences and ask `` why were our white sisters silent about our oppression ? '', 
  it will be shown that the silence of the white feminists was , not surprisingly , a form of racism . 
  it 's not local if it puts europeans in a bad light . 
  open borders are social justice . 
  happiness is depression . 
  is that why islamists attacked it in november ? 
  i guess we 'll just have to go out an re-elect them at the next elections . 
  and what are our representatives going to do about this ? 
  i agree about changing it . 
  you do n't have to provide a working solution to make your critique valid and i do not mean to be antagonistic because i 'm genuinely curious : do you have a good alternative to this voting system ? 
   that 's plain wrong . 
  if greeks are able to solve the situation , but eu prevents them , they 'd leave eu . 
  they did n't and actively fighting against any attempts to push them out of eu/eurozone . 
  so either they know better that eu is good for them or they are totally stupid , but in this case you ca n't say they are able to solve the situation . 
  i was referring to the economic situation . 
  you moved the goal posts . 
  you have n't logically explained why the former would motivate the latter , that they leave the eu . 
  the statements i 've read from greeks in government over the past few years indicate that greeks had no choice due to threats from many sides . 
  second , greece is not a unified `` they '' , the situation is sooner that greece did not have a successful majority attempt at withstanding eu demands or leaving the eu . 
   ecb being ruled by a council , which consists of heads of eurozone countries ' central banks + 6 people appointed by ec and ep . 
  every time i see someone saying `` unelected , unaccountable bureaucrats '' i understand that this person did n't bother to read documents . 
  i did not write `` unelected , unaccountable bureaucrats '' , so i 'm not going to defend a position i do not hold . 
  your ` understanding ' is a misunderstanding . 
   directly elected parliament , indirectly ( through national parliaments ) elected ec is so undemocratic it hurts . 
  the parliament is an imitation of a functioning national parliament . 
  citizens of european nations have virtually no influence over the so-called representatives in the eu . 
  the real power is displaced into unreachable power structures . 
  more importantly , saying a thing is '' undemocratic '' does not mean that that thing is not designed to be or even look like a democracy . 
  what 's relevant in this case is how that thing functions . 
  the third reich was democratically elected , but according to your reasoning , it is incorrect to call the third reich 's reichstag undemocratic . 
  regarding eu 's so-called democracy , there are problems with things like accountability , representation and legitimacy . 
  the problems include low trust in the eu , low voter turnouts in eu elections , and national elections for eu seats that focus on national issues when the eu is a supranational organisation . 
  there are no eu-wide parties and there are no actual eu elections . 
  national issues voted on that get national politicans voted into the eu only have indirect influence on actual eu-level issues . 
  half of eu 's citizens feel apathetic about the eu and distrust the structure of its representation . 
  then there 's the extensive lack of citizen participation in eu elections . 
  read more about `` democratic deficit '' in the eu . 
  it 's topic on which books and papers have been written for decades , so there 's no shortage of perspectives . 
  it is not some problem you can easily dismiss . 
   norway is out of eu because it wanted to protect its agriculture . 
  ask them how happy they are about food prices , or `` egg crisis '' before easter . 
  norway has a different economic and agricultural structure than sweden , regardless of its relationship to the eu . 
  you 're moving the goal posts again and avoiding the issue . 
   that 's the point of the entire eu . 
  like with phone chargers -- every vendor created its own `` in his best interest '' , until eu forced them to use the same standard . 
  this harms vendors , but customers benefit from it . 
  the point of the eu is to erode democracy and make decions-making more inefficient . 
  great . 
  citizens are not mere consumers and their democracies are not mere cartel institutions like the eu and monopolistic phone vendors . 
  how could this comment possibly generate -7 karma ? 
  might someone disagree with it ? 
  absolutely . 
  is it offensive ? 
  hardly . 
  does it add to the discussion ? 
  yes . 
  maybe next time you can rephrase it with a [ monty python clip ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/440aok/eu_what_has_the_european_union_ever_done_for_us/czmj6mw ) in order to add much more to the discussion . 
  it 's important that we take the eu seriously and make sure that [ low-effort comments ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) wind up at the top of the thread . 
  false dilemma . 
  there are many more options than : keep cars , ditch cars . 
  you can , for instance , keep cars and put varying degrees of effort into preventing their misuse . 
   facilitate terrorist travel throughout the eu that 's a strange way to say `` facilitate easier travel for all '' . 
  one can also say `` facilitate easier p\u00e6dophiles travel '' and be equally right . 
  these are not mutually inclusive . 
  changed cooperation , regulations , police work and much more active social policies could maintain one and inhibit the other . 
   i 'm yet to hear what is `` neoliberal surveillance '' and how it differs from say conservative surveillance . 
  i did not say `` neoliberal surveillance '' . 
   almost universe people . 
  insulting people and ad hominem attacks are easy ways of looking like you 've won when you have n't even bothered looking at the argument . 
  i did not write that the euro destabilized the economy of sweden , i wrote `` create a destructive economic unit to destabilise national economies '' . 
  the eu has , for instance , ruined greece , which i mentioned . 
  largely this was facilitated by a system in which monetary policy is controlled by unaccountable bureaucrats at the european central bank . 
  after the 2008 financial crisis a series of enoromous transfers of wealth from taxpayers to financial institutions took place , but they were not enough to stabilise the system because the fundamental structures surrounding the euro are n't capable of doing that . 
  the eu needs to either completely restructure its financial institutions or put checks and balances in place to prevent destroying the very economic zone it hopes to create . 
  but there 's hope there , the eu is so undemocratic and poorly structured it is currently destroying itself from within . 
  concerning sweden , the eu constitutes a big economic investment with a relatively small economic return . 
  its policies towards greece have directly affected swedish banking , industry and stock markets . 
  it has paralysed swedish agriculture and it has given sweden a large population of unemployable , antisocial romani . 
  due to its own idiocy and the influence of its overlords in the eu , sweden has been hugely affected by the migrant crisis , which is crippling the country 's police force and social services , among other state functions . 
  swedish export and employment have been affected by the eu 's monetary policies and so on . 
  the majority of laws and regulations that decide over sweden today come from the eu : sweden pays a fee every year to let the eu decide more and more over sweden , which has undermined swedish representative democracy . 
  the eu inefficiently places decision-making powers at a supranational level when these same powers can and have long been efficiently carried out at national level . 
  the eu is thus not only undemocratic but also inefficient . 
  this supranational structure in itself entails that power is moved further and further away from swedish voters and that the eu does not have sweden 's best interests in mind . 
  as mentioned above , economic sovereignty has been profoundly undermined by the eu , which in turn means that local economies and socio-economic policies increasingly fall into the hands of supranational eu bureaucrats who do not have a particular nation state 's best in mind . 
  of course you think that , look at your flair . 
  ruin greece , flood europe with millions of unemployable migrants , increase racial tensions , spread identity politics , facilitate terrorist travel throughout the eu , consolidate neoliberal control and surveillance , create a destructive economic unit to destabilise national economies and devalue the wealth of europeans , create an elite of untouchable cartel bureaucrats , destroy democracy with arrogant technocracy and a mockery of representation it calls a parliament ... 
  thanks , eu !, 
  because it 's low quality content that normally gets removed . 
  he looks like it . 
  good . 
  make the danes pay for malm\u00f6 's catastrophic deficit . 
  celebrating the expansion of an institution of human stupidity . 
  ... and making the patients in need of care the country 's politicians and journalists . 
  thank you !, 
  it was `` at war '' then . 
  he put it explicitly and to the point .
