  and that 's for sentences , not compound nouns . 
  like you say , you get used to it and on top of that it reflects the actual pronunciation . 
  i wish this myth and misunderstanding about german spelling would die out . 
  it still is a word , it 's just that its elements are spelled with spaces between . 
  just like in german grammar , this type of word is called a `` compound noun '' . 
  the advantage of the german method is that the spelling reflects the pronunciation ( stress ) . 
  the disadvantage of the english method is that the spelling rarely reflects the pronunciation ( stress ) and that compound nouns often become ambiguous in meaning . 
  `` white power unit '' , `` whitepowerunit '' and `` white-power-unit '' are all ambiguous . 
  whereas `` white-power unit '' , `` whitepower unit '' , `` white power-unit '' and `` white powerunit '' are not . 
  one problem with most of these is that they do not accurately reflect stress found in pronunciation . 
  the first one is indeed a word . 
  it is called a `` compound noun '' and does not fill the grammatical conditions of being a `` sentence '' . 
  the difference between english and german is that english used to spell them as one word , but now often puts a space between its elements . 
  it 's the same grammatical function as german compound nouns . 
  the second is not a hoax . 
  there are loads of medical words in english that are long . 
  oed is a great source . 
  and the words that are n't found in swedish are often shared with english : weib/wife/fru tun/do/g \u00f6ra stra\u00dfe / street/gata schlaf/sleep/s \u00f6mn und/and/och bett/bed/s \u00e4ng schaf/sheep/f \u00e5r but then sometimes swedish and english overlap better : krank/sick/sjuk zimmer ( raum ) / room/rum eigenartig/odd/udda and the words berg/burough/berg are all of the same origin . 
  besides being closely related , about one-third of swedish words were borrowed from middle high german ( hansa period ) . 
  you have a great advantage . 
  as a european , i want europe to have an independence referendum to free itself from itself !, 
  that and decades of anti-german propaganda . 
  complete overhaul needed . 
  smallest reform unlikely to even happen . 
  the language is too big and there 's no regulatory authority . 
  please keep your voice down , sir . 
  i 've noticed english-speakers are very blind about their own language 's oddities . 
  i think we all have this , but monolingual people especially suffer from this blindness . 
   he 's mostly likely talking about north germanic , just using different ( wrong ? ), 
  terminology . 
  `` north germanic '' is not `` north german '' . 
  these stem from a hypothesised proto-germanic language , which is not proto-high german any more than proto-old english or proto-old norse . 
   as a german myself i would also say from experience that swedish is n't that hard to understand ( at least in written form ) . 
  it 's not as easy as , say , dutch which is basically drunk german but still understandable . 
  one example does not support a general conclusion . 
  dutch is also not a nordic language , so your comparison does n't correlate to their statement . 
  their first statement : yes . 
  their second : unlikely . 
  how do you know they are a he ? 
  a figure of speech employed for ironic effect in context of downplaying the dramatic or extremes . 
  yes it does : washing machine instruction manual and installation instructions , pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis , and so on . 
  this is clearly a response to that meme . 
  not any more unreasonable than all the english compound nouns ( which are n't even spelled consistently with their pronunciation ) , like swimming pool , commonwealth , healthcare , underworld , emergency exit procedure , white house personnel , hospital staff security awareness , etc. 
   says the one who speaks nordic german ... 
  interesting linguistic classification system you use there . 
   ( germans can understand swedish better than the other nordic languages ) source ? 
  no , no . 
  germans are all evil hollywood nazi stereotypes who growl , scream and howl all day long . 
  i 'm glad someone made this video . 
  you need to work on reading comprehension and understatement . 
  it seems that you have misread my first comment or i have obscured its meaning with its caustic simplicity and extremely straightforward wording . 
   but in both cases the nationality of the traveller is irrelevent . 
  both people from schengen countries and people not from schengen countries will not have to show a passport when travelling from denmark to germany . 
  once again , this is another claim i have not made . 
  i have not claimed that nationality was of relevance * inside * schengen . 
  you are explaining things that are fully obvious and do not contradict what i wrote . 
  i will try to be clear again : schengen was made to facilitate passport-free travel within schengen , not to facilitate passport-free travel from everywhere outside into schegen . 
  hence , in light of recent political developments and the conversation here : schengen was made for people from schengen , not everybody outside it . 
  i really hope that is clear enough . 
  i never mentioned the word `` border controls '' . 
  maybe you have confused me with another redditor in this thread . 
  it is not entirely wrong . 
  it is entirely correct . 
  let me put this as concretely as possible : you 're free to go from denmark to germany . 
  you 're not free to go from russia to denmark . 
  i never claimed that . 
  you 're attacking a statement i do not stand for . 
  edit : once again , [ your claim ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kw0p5/the_end_of_schengen/cv1091a ) applies to movement of people from schengen within schengen , not for everyone outside going into it . 
  i 'm not saying this situation is morally right or wrong , but the fact that this principle is so difficult for people to understand and that i get downvoted for pointing out this indisputable fact is absurd . 
  the fifth-strongest guy with severe muscle atrophy in hospital still has muscle atrophy . 
  swedes think a lot of stupid , eccentric shit and no one should care because it 's a tiny , arrogant , penis-shaped growth sticking out of finland . 
  one can always hope . 
  sounds like a curse . 
  for people from schengen , not for everyone from outside it . 
  realising this is an excellent reason not to reproduce and to opt out . 
  it 's a procreative arms race to overpopulate the planet with misanthropic , misogynist , delusional ideologies . 
   this is going to be a tough one for reddit , which one is most ~ ~ hated ~ ~ loved , muslims or feminists ? 
  exactly , i 'd like to know how they defined `` anti-semitic views '' and how they ensured that the respondents all interpreted this term correctly . 
  you 're racist if people with different cultural backgrounds treat you differently . 
  thank you for your effort to illustrate that the situation is complex and that criticism of current policy does not make the critical person a bad person . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  she is making her defence based on a cognitive state . 
  you are accusing her based on external actions . 
  my point was that yes , we can not know her cognitive state at that time . 
   there is no way she should get a second chance . 
  what does this mean exactly ? 
  should we burn her or what ? 
  turn her into an international pariah and ruin the rest of her life ? 
   she should be punished according to the law . 
  as i said , we should do what is needed . 
  that is , with what we have to go on according the laws and ethics we have . 
   those people fleeing the police when caught were being punished for breaking the law . 
  she took it into her own hands and decided to not allow things to be handled by law enforcement alone so if she gets persecuted outside of the law by others then she is getting the same thing she gave . 
  ah , there we have it . 
  you believe in old testament judgment . 
   she is there to record news and share it with those interested , not interfere with it . 
  she has shown herself to be a lesser quality human being . 
  considering we do n't have her full motivations we ca n't know what kind of a human being she is . 
  just lay off with that shit . 
  all we know is she acted poorly .
