that 's completely irrelevant and that statement would also need to be defined and proved separately . 
  moreover , asking for an explanation does not in any way imply that the person asking for such wishes to do things otherwise or needs to present an alternative . 
  once again , what 's the proof of your claim ? 
   these subsequent crises just prove we need more cooperation instead of less . 
  so if they prove that , please provide the proof . 
  i mean bureaucracy related to building code and restrictions in non-protected areas . 
  we have plenty of land and many poles work in construction and carpentry here now . 
  the problem is that it the cities are already too spread-out and it take forever to get approval for construction due to red tape . 
  too dark in the summer there . 
  makes it feel like a warm day in november . 
  i hear you . 
  i also think if you 're rich and can move on when you get bored , pretty much anywhere can seem like its grass is evergreen . 
  yes , that . 
  how do you mean ? 
  they are in a tough situation . 
  i suspect a lot of the discontent results from confusion , frustration and culture shock . 
  i agree with you and i 'm quite pessimistic these days . 
  our current government is getting nothing done and our integration policies and schools are failing hard . 
  piling more frustrated people into and incredibly frustrating , alienating , overly bureaucratic system that sucks at integrating non-nordic people is not going to end well . 
  sweden 's going to be there very soon too , i suspect . 
  plus , a housing shortage combined with getting over 100,000 new immigrants a year does n't work well in a country where you needed hundreds of thousands of new homes five years ago . 
  same here , but i 've never been in their situation . 
  they have little control and the government gets to decide how to organise the assitance they get . 
  i can imagine that 's frustrating . 
  in addition they have a certain amount of unreasonable expectations about how great things are in the west . 
  that 's pretty much what i 'm thinking . 
  i 'm thinking they may know more because they are looking into coming here and because they probably get more media from the west than we get from them . 
  it 's pretty much the same thing , just that they have fjords , oil , speak with a strange intonation , and use our poor people as cheap labour . 
  it 's definitely low compared to other european countries from what i read . 
  the problem is that it 's historically high , it 's extremely high among immigrants and it 's very difficult to get a foot into the job market . 
  darkness is okay by me . 
  it 's the cold rain that gets to me in a warm winter . 
  it 's not that bad at all , i was exaggerating to get the point across that although there 's no war and although people here do rate their personal satisfaction highly , things are just as boring here as in most other countries and swedes have the same existential problems as most people . 
  i really do n't know how you 're reading this from my post . 
  i am certainly not a grumpy person and i certainly do n't think sweden is a bad place to live , and i certainly have n't trash-talked it . 
   and yes , my points do contradict your ranting . 
  feel free to provide a source for your info and also show exactly how it contradicts what i had written . 
   like saying we have difficulty creating jobs . 
  i never claimed that . 
  once again , look up hyperbole . 
  what i did claim was that jobs are not in wild abundance , which is in part referring to historically high unemployment rates , especially among non-nordic immigrants in sweden . 
   actually our employment-to-population ratio is the highest in the oecd ( a better indicator of jobs than unemployment rate ) . 
  you said `` jobs are in shortage '' . 
  by any reasonable measure , they are not . 
  look , i 'm familiar with that and i know sweden is doing better than many places . 
  what you seem to not understand is that sweden can be doing better than many countries , but still be weak . 
   also `` most people lead boring lives '' , i pointed out how the vast majority of swedes have a very high satisfaction rate . 
  another point where your statement is contradicted . 
  once again , hyperbole , which is a literary device . 
  for the last time , what i wrote about the conditions of sweden were stated in a way to create maximum rhetorical effect to make the situation clearer and more dramatic than it really is . 
   i could go on , or you could just learn to read . 
  which is faster ? 
  and btw , this is n't a defence of the asylum wave . 
  you 're caught up on what 's right , yet you end your post with personal attacks . 
  they will get you nowhere . 
  that 's an interesting comparison and i think in both cases we see that different parts of the world have very inaccurate pictures of other parts of the world , despite nearly everyone having mobile phones , access to the internet , etc. 
  it 's definitely comfortable here compared to many countries , but like you say , it 's not free of infrastructural problems and everything is not perfect , in fact , some things have been made worse in recent years . 
  you are apparently unfamiliar with the rhetorical device called hyperbole . 
  your statement about real income and life satisfaction do not contradict my statements anyhow . 
  i do n't know what text you were reading , but it ai n't mine . 
  the expections of these people are on the level of 13-year-old boys . 
  it 's quite troublesome if you think of how skewed their expectations are when they arrive as well as their understanding of the west . 
  it 's clear they think they 're arriving in some mini-wild west where jobs and houses are found in abundance , but that is not the reality of northern europe , where jobs and houses are in shortage , and most people lead boring lives and work jobs they hate while living through months and months of shitty weather every year . 
  our countries are over overly bureaucratic and you ca n't just set shop anywhere you want . 
  we 're trying to give you heated homes and food where we have space . 
  we did n't build our countries to accomodate unforeseen waves of refugees . 
  be happy there 's no war here and we 're paying your bills for the next few years . 
  you 're free to go to live in a camp in lebanon if you do n't like it here . 
   i only mention it because it 's topical but , there should n't be a hyphen in your ` english-speaking ' . 
  this is how both oxford and chicago style manuals recommend spelling `` english-speaking '' . 
  here are some actual examples more relevant to the uk : * `` english-speaking world '' ( * pocket oxford english dictionary * , pp . 
  xii , 1073 ) * `` english-speaking person '' ( * pocket oxford english dictionary * , p. 401 ) * `` an english-speaker from outside china '' ( * the oxford handbook of the history of english * , p. 359 ) * `` the only inept english-speaker '' ( * the oxford handbook of shakespeare * , p. 582 )  the general rule is , though people often do n't care , that a hyphen should be used when it 's a compound modifier preceding a noun or whatever but not if it comes after or is on its own . 
  i 'm afraid you 're mistaken as that 's not accurate for the entire language . 
  it is accurate that it is recommended by certain style guides used in the uk . 
  however , english has many different styles guides where rules on hyphenation differ based on a ) country/reigion , b ) field of discourse , c ) publication/in-house editing , d ) hyphenation in many cases being left to the writer 's judgment and so on . 
   english also is prounounced extremely inconsistently in general . 
  in german if you know how the letters are pronounced you can generally tell how to pronounce a word even if you had never seen it before . 
  not so much for english i think you have that backwards . 
  english is pronounced as it is . 
  the problem is that the written language does not reflect the pronounciation of the spoken language . 
  i agree that english spelling needs to go through a reform . 
  there are organisations out there that have been pushing for this for a long time , but politicians in e.g. 
  the uk and the us mock such reforms with moronic retorts like `` it 's not our fault people ca n't learn to spell '' or `` it 's not the orthography 's fault that english-speakers learn to read later than others '' . 
  the burden of proof is on you . 
  swedish is a distinct language and although some words , especially in writing , are intelligible to speakers of other languages , ( especially closely related languages like german ) , a statement saying that germans do not need to translate swedish is not accurate . 
  certain words , yes it 's fully plausible that you could hear them and spell them somewhat accurately using german orthography , but it 's not plausible that you would know what the majority of them mean . 
  [ do n't lose your head !, 
  that 's amazing . 
  you should really contact your local university linguistics department because they would be astounded to discover this . 
  it would completely revolutionise their understanding of their own field . 
  should we disregard descriptive grammar assistance , dictionaries and lexicons ? 
  you 're right , i wrote that ( weib/wife ) quickly . 
  excuse the semantic error . 
  there are however thousands of words to confirm my statement though . 
  i 'm aware of these similarities . 
  there 's a difference if you have a etymological interest like yourself , then the languages largely appear to be dialects of each other . 
  however , when trying to teach swedish to the average german you would n't be very helpful saying : well , to remember the word x in swedish , just think of this archaic word y in high german , which is found in the word z in modern frisian . 
  that 's an excellent piece !, 
  in the ancient world there was no space between words . 
  recent research has found that spelling texts without spaces between words only causes a minimal decrease in speed among modern readers .
