thanks for the correction . 
   i agree , it is pretty pg for most broadcast television . 
  all the tits and swearing are on paid programming . 
  me either . 
  pretty sure our partying and puking culture is pretty similar . 
  so is our swearing on tv . 
  the gun thing , i just do n't get the comparison . 
  a little ? 
  more like nsfl . 
  no religion should be exempt from scrutiny no matter how controversial it may be . 
  i suppose but they did n't choose where they were born . 
  i feel it is wrong to say that because they were born in a shit place , they must feel privileged to find a better place . 
  i think people who are willing to contribute to a society should have the right to be where they choose . 
  they do n't pay taxes into the system they wish to benefit from and are seeking welfare which indicates they have no desire to look for work . 
  if they work and pay taxes they have just as much of a right to be there as anyone else but if they are only seeking welfare , which has been the case many times , they can leave . 
  no refugee should go about looking for handouts . 
  they should go with the intention od finding work and starting a new life in a safer place where they can provide for their families . 
  problem is these refugees come to take advantage of and manipulate a system because they have heard how easy it is and we can thank the lazy citizens who also game the system for that . 
  i can see their point but what they do n't get is that those systems will run dry . 
  all governments need to reform their welfare systems to prevent freeloaders . 
  work pay taxes and receive benefits unless you can prove that you are too disabled to work . 
  that is how it should be , even though it is just a pipedream . 
  of course they want sweden . 
  much to the dismay of many swedish citizens , their government has turned into an ultra-liberal nightmare . 
  whole towns have been chocked out by immigrants to where 80 % of the population ca n't even get a job . 
  austria is tiny so i can understand that . 
  hungary can not afford this , so i can understand that too . 
  germany has already taken so many muslims but is in a position to be an open door because of their nazi past . 
  they ca n't say no outright because they will be accused of establishing the days of hitler . 
  france , england and sweden have all taken muslims too . 
  many countries have taken many muslims and still war drives people from their homes . 
  stop the war and we do n't have all of these displaced people to house . 
  we can also stop the trafficking . 
  this war has gone on for over a decade . 
  with our modern capabilities war should be obscolete . 
  this is a regular fixture in many outdoor areas here in texas . 
  it took reading the comments to find put what the big deal was . 
  it seems silly for anyone to be upset . 
  we segregate our youth to cut down on violence and sex abuse among teens and adolescents . 
  it 's unfortunately something we have to think about as there is a major problem with older high school students treating younger students like garbage . 
  schools here are mainly about socializing , rather than education . 
  wear purple for me . 
  the interiors to some of these homes . 
  maybe the casino they get well have all you can eat ice cream and dollar long necks on sunday nights . 
  ladies night on monday !, 
  well one could argue the palestinans had a legitimate complaint intially due to being forced out of their homes . 
  one could also argue losing territory is just a product of war . 
  another argument could be made that the palestinians are to blame for being less than cooperative with the israeli governmet . 
  yet another argument could take place discussing the issue surrounding the israeli government 's refusal to stop spreading settlements on palestinian territory . 
  there is alot of finger pointing involved here but what it boils down to is what the zionist party did to the natives and how relations have soured since then . 
  i think each side has valid complaints but it is clear an instance of wrong doing towards native inhabitants is a large part of the problem . 
  edit : spelling, 
  italy practically has a monopoly on designer eyewear too . 
  that is why we choose an independantly owned company instead of target or lenscrafters . 
  it 's good to know that she has access to care so quickly and that it is seen as in a positive light . 
  thank you for being so informative . 
  a lie that has the potential to cause a riot is quite a big deal . 
  hopefully she will get the help she needs or someone will take the intiative to get her some help . 
  well that certainly makes sense . 
  lying is more efficient when you know the people you are lying to are eager to hear it . 
  i 'm american so police covering things up is commonplace to me . 
  for them it is worth it to avoid civil lawsuits . 
  i suppose i can acceot she simply lied but the details being as sketchy as they are is bizarre for the guardian . 
  normally they are overly informative . 
  i think the refuge situation is quite tense . 
  perhaps a shorter article would guarentee more people would read it . 
  what about the facial injuries ? 
  were they self-inflicted ? 
  perhaps this child needs protection from her parents . 
  there may be abuse and this kid needs help . 
  i 'm still not really seeing the connection between that story and school performance . 
  perhaps if she invented a story like that her parents would be so outraged they would forget about her school performance . 
  both seem likely as both sides would stand to gain something from lying , but the benefit is more clear where the police are involved . 
  the police benefit by avoiding a crisis but the benefit to the girl is not quite as clear . 
  it is a rather outrageous lie with little explanation . 
  it does not make sense that a media frenzy would occur for some time before a proper investigation . 
  you would think once the claim hit the media ( who knows how that happened ) the police would have located the girl immediately to avoid a situation . 
  too few details like i said . 
  i like to explore all aspects of a situation instead of buying into the `` crying wolf '' excuse everytime . 
  is she being pressured to say she made it up due to the backlash ? 
  edit : i ask because there are very few details in this article . 
  she supposedly had injuries on her face that are not explained . 
  there was an incident at school that is not explained which led to her claiming men had raped her ( seems like an odd excuse ) . 
  perhaps someone from there knows more . 
  young girls and boys can make false claims ofcourse but details are required to change the public opinion as everyone is not inclined to accept and alternative explanation at face value . 
  you 're welcome . 
  they are n't though . 
  mongol is just a term used to describe inhabitants of mongolia . 
  their dna predates vikings . 
  i 'm not taking about the huns , i 'm talking about mongolians and the ancient asian people that settled kzakistahn which is very close to mongolia . 
  mal ` ta was once a part of mongolia and is now russia . 
  asian dna is spread throughout . 
  the recent admixture is asian dna being weeded out by mixing with white scandinavians . 
  it 's like my african ancestry . 
  i possess none although my mom possesses a tiny amount . 
  she married a purely white male and i have zero sub-saharan african in my dna because of that . 
  it takes only a few generations to accomplish this . 
  the working theory is albinism . 
  was a part of mongolia but is now a part of russia so the inhabitants of modern mongolia were definitely there and kzakistahn is not far from there . 
  mongolians ( or pre-khan empire people ) definitely settled that area .
