  the former dynasty had been around since 200 bc i believe . 
  there have been several dynasties in mongolia , khan 's dynasty appearing around 1200 bc ( feel free to correct dates ) . 
  the vikings first appeared in 800 ad , if memory serves me correctly . 
  i am certain that mongolian dna would pre-date khan regardless of what they are called today and they would have settled in russia as russia is part of asia . 
  it explains the heavy presence of finnic or baltic people possessing very asian features . 
  i think you will enjoy this article : http://realhistoryww.com/world_history/ancient/dobruja_thrace_1.htm#albino, 
  i am not wrong . 
  why would the lapish people have looked asian and the inuits look asian and the native americans have asian dna if the ancient people of what is mongolia did n't come across the himalayas to settle in russia and eventually migrate to the americas ? 
  this migration predates vikings . 
  the essence of asian dna was already there and the viking came and then the mongolians came and then they mixed . 
  i know alot of people are offended by the idea of race mixing but it happened and there is no reason to deny it . 
  anyone who understands how dna works would know that under mongolian rule , the mixing would give many russians an asian appearance and once the mongols no longer ruled the existence of more european and scandinavian looking people would appear once they started mating with each other . 
  it takes less than 100 years to do this . 
  russia was under mongolian rule for over 200 years . 
  i am absolutely right about mongolian roots . 
  no i do n't . 
  the mongols migrated over the himalayan mountains and settled in what is now kazakhstan . 
  mongolian blood was very prominent in russia until they mixed with scandinavians . 
  russians look very different now compared to their asian roots . 
  really ? 
  yeah i do n't agree with that at all . 
  i was taught to wash my hands but apparently hand washing is not important to alot of people . 
  i wish we would still use brass and copper surfaces . 
  soap helps to trap the bacteria the friction removes . 
  it also helps to remove the oils that the bacteria are clinging too . 
  any soap is good . 
  glycerin soaps are great though . 
  russia has old planes . 
  it is possible is com was out . 
  i believe they should have provided a warning shot or an escort . 
  i would be a little more understanding if turkish government was n't actively targeting those fighting isis for them . 
  they act like petulant children and so i am much less sympathetic . 
  putin needs to tighten his pilot program for sure but we are talking small borders here in unfamiliar territory for these pilots . 
  china would have to travel thousands of miles to the us and so a fighter jet from them would something to really worry about and pretty miraculous given the fuel aspect . 
  a fighter jet from say canada , would earn an escort if they ignored our calls due to the risk of civilian casualties but it would be very unlikely that our military would shoot it down unless they had reason to believe it was a threat . 
  basically , if turkish government was n't what it is i could understand their actions . 
  that stuff happens all the time and you warn the pilot , you do n't fucking shoot then down when they skirt the airspace and pose no visible threat . 
  it was n't putin they were standing up to , there was a person in that plane . 
  how can anyone hate someone so much they think it is okay to kill people in their name ? 
  turkish government is attacking the kurds too . 
  russia and the kurds are trying to fight a terrible thing and all you can think about is the popular reddit trend of hating putin . 
  have some fucking perspective man , people are dying for a delusional belief system some doped up mentally unstable religious zealots thought up . 
  that 's not the impression i get . 
  i 'm not opposed to your opinion though , as i am always open for better information . 
  as soon as i read the title , i knew it was russia 's jet . 
  turkish government is a loose cannon that is foolishly adding fuel to the fire . 
  no , i do n't live in the former colony and coal and wood did lay the foundation for america . 
  big oil came later like i said . 
  the coal mines in kentucky fed the woman that would go on to have my mom . 
  so yeah , i owe my world to ashland . 
  learn a little american history bud . 
  coal and lumber is way more recent than you think . 
  coal and wood built the world i grew up in . 
  oil came much later . 
  simply put england paved the way for big oil . 
  i really just do n't understand how some people do not see how closely tied england and america actually are . 
  i mean england tried to colonize america after all . 
  we did n't really win the revolution and england was flat out defeated . 
  it was a matter of giving that cause up for the time being due to logistical difficulties . 
  america has always been involved with the bank of england , the now defunct monarchy and the current parliament . 
  we would not be the country we are today without them . 
  england is owed for credit for many things . 
  some terrible and some good depending on how you look at it . 
  they were once the only global super power in the world . 
  there is history that can not be ignored because england changed almost every corner of the earth . 
  america is just a baby compared to that . 
  who came first , england or america ? 
  this has been going on for decades . 
  uk is and has always been a major player behind big oil . 
  i know people hate hearing it but the truth is what it is . 
  william k. d'arcy and aioc : http://www.iranchamber.com/history/articles/oil_iran_between_world_wars.php, 
  thinking of the salt is making my mouth pucker . 
  she stood him up because andrei wears all adidas to include socks . 
  bagpipes have been illegal since 1005 . 
  `` myths '', 
  saudi government and their royal family will have its hands full soon enough . 
  obama 's veto was overturned . 
  i foresee many lawsuits very soon . 
  i tried getting back to the article but it requires a subscription . 
  from what i can tell they do pay what is ordered of them and attacking american companies in their host country would be a very bad idea since they pay taxes both in america and on their earnings in europe . 
  this equates to billions per year in tax dollars . 
  banning those horrid things is as much about safety concerns as it is about women 's right , which they do n't see to care about . 
  women can not have a full view of their surroundings whilst wearing a bed sheet over their whole body . 
  are they still fighting ? 
  i thought pok\u00e9mon go would have taken over . 
  the globalists are high fiving each other right now . 
  prepare to lose your culture and identity . 
  these women wo n't liberate themselves , so someone needs to do it for them . 
  most developed countries do n't have strict rules that will get you killed or thrown in prison though . 
  in germany they have basic rules but nothing terribly severe outside of the normal things to avoid like not killing people . 
  somewhere such as saudi arabia for example is incredibly strict . 
  a violation of their law might lead to death . 
  for a syrian they might have serious difficulty adapting to such a liberal society due to their traditional beliefs . 
  i am certain i could go to germany and be totally fine but i would never chance going to somewhere like iran or saudi without first having my husband with me and second , a thorough explanation of what not to do . 
  bringing third world behavior to a first world country is a serious problem for the locals . 
  same goes for the u.s. no knives on your person over 5 inches and no switchblades . 
  he looks bow legged . 
   `` all the viruses within the armed forces will be cleansed '' . 
  the fuck ? 
  can you believe they put a period outside of the quotation mark ?
