  your fields are so organized . 
  hey that sounds like what we do . 
  one of our highways has been under construction for over 20 years . 
  good times !, 
  mexico is a third world country . 
  i do n't think that is an ideal comparison as they depend on the us a great deal . 
  i do n't see switzerland in the same light . 
  perhaps the swiss no longer wish to be a part of a single market or the they know the eu is just bluffing . 
  i feel strongly this is all about the eu and a bunch of globalists are freaking out right now looking for ways to discourage breaking ties with the eu . 
  i doubt the swiss government would make such a bold move without giving it some serious consideration . 
  perhaps they are not perfect but i am not under the impression switzerland is in dire straights , financially speaking . 
  maybe we are looking at a group who is executing a hostile takeover of some sort who wish to disband globalists . 
  the situation in europe has become quite hostile as of late . 
  they eu will not survive with great britain so they are using any means necessary to pressure other countries to take on the burden of immigration . 
  right now germany will be leading the eu and we know most of europe will not tolerate that . 
  the eu is facing a crisis and will be disbanded . 
  switzerland will survive without the eu , it is the eu that needs them . 
  not if another country starts buying up their goods . 
  it is not as of the swiss government does not have other options . 
  this is something the eu needs to understand . 
  no country is going to get pigeon holed by them . 
  my understanding of switzerland leads me to believe they do not care what the eu says . 
  well shit , we will never know what kind of car they are driving now . 
  romania is one of my top 5 countries i want to visit . 
  it 's ridiculous that some individuals promote the idea that only jews from europe went through a holocaust and no other nationality can share what i can only assume is their limelight . 
  china , russia , armenia , iraq , they had their holocaust as well . 
  it is almost as if anyone who shares the term holocaust will weaken the fuel it gives certain groups . 
  to me , that is a real slap in the face to any race that has experienced the horror of genocide . 
  no act of genocide should go unrecognized and no term should elevate one act to an abnormal level of importance over the other . 
  edit : a word, 
   lenin he never gave two pints of shit about voters he most certainly did . 
  lenin was a firm believer in propaganda and pushing communism . 
  it 's no secret . 
  my country does n't fair far worse though . 
  that is where you are mistaken . 
  it 's not my fault you are n't paying any attention to your own country . 
  i apparently know more about it than you do . 
  no it is n't . 
  what happened in russia was a classic example of what utopian socialists do for votes . 
  capitalism did not get the time is deserved to function properly . 
  the bolsheviks ( our modern day democrats ) used this the `` tyranny '' of capitalism to gain the support of the people . 
  they promised to free them from the slavery in favor of everyone having enough and all of this nonsense . 
  of course , this idea was in no way sustainable and turned people into actual slaves forced to work for nothing . 
  russia became an isolated nation pumping money hand over fist into it 's defense and without any innovation and the isolationist mentality , russia was purged into starvation . 
  because it is a political ideology . 
  traditionally though , social democracy has meant opposition to capitalism , but you bring up a good point . 
  socialism for sweden is different than socialism for say germany and the us . 
  socialism for my country may not be your idea of what it should be and it may not be perfect but the socialists in my country are hell bent on creating poverty to gain votes . 
  socialism in the us is not a good thing and shifting and entire economy to match that of a very liberal swedish socialist or satisfy a socialist party from the eu , is a very dumb idea . 
  it 's not fear of socialism , it 's fear of what our politicians would no doubt do with it . 
  anyone not living under a rock can plainly see how very badly socialism can be abused . 
  you do n't know anything about the lack of reforms that spanned a decade and your own financial crisis in 2008 which finland has struggled to recover from and the thousands of jobs that were lost due to nokia imploding and the work force be saturated with highly educated people who ca n't find a job that is comparable to the one they lost . 
  did you not know that your state spending is higher than france or other nordic countries . 
  if you do n't know any of that , i ca n't hope to enlighten you one bit . 
  there would need to be at the very least , some sense of awareness . 
  it only works so long as capitalism props it up . 
  that is where socialists pretty much anywhere get it wrong . 
  you need capitalism to make socialism work . 
  if not , you end up like russia . 
  i think it is you who are confused . 
   social democracy originated as a political ideology that advocated an evolutionary and peaceful transition from capitalism to socialism using established political processes in contrast to the revolutionary approach to transition associated with orthodox marxism . 
  yes many times and my mil is from finland . 
  it 's in the crapper and now it has to dig it 's way out . 
  no we do n't . 
  you can look at our tax brackets . 
  and no the old and children do n't make up most of that number . 
  they are n't included in that statistic . 
  we have an alarming amount of people who are dropping out of the work force and have quit looking for work . 
  as far as insurance goes , it 's cheaper to pay for private insurance and have access to a doctor whenever the hell you feel like it rather than increase taxes to more than double and be told when you can see a specialist . 
  we have a law here in the us that says a hospital can not refuse treatment even if you do n't have insurance , so anyone needing a doctor can see one and that hospital must treat them . 
  it 's a fact that is often overlooked . 
  have you looked at finland 's economy lately ? 
  that 's a load of crap . 
  social democracy is an ideology based on the idea of transitioning from capitalism to socialism . 
  where do you get your information from ? 
  about half of our population does n't work . 
  the amount we would have to increase our income tax would be astronomical and it would only promote more unemployment which is becoming increasingly common among today 's youth . 
  a system like that is not sustainable . 
  it 's not fear of socialism , it 's understanding how much lying politicians must do to make it appear like everything is great while their war on capitalism slowly collapses the system they have created . 
  we call is `` base '' . 
  you touch base , like in baseball , and you ca n't be out . 
  some kids call it `` home '' as in home plate . 
  another baseball reference . 
  instead of comparing what did exist , as though we should remember it in order to avoid hypocrisy , we should point out how we progressed to establish more individual freedoms and hope all muslims will follow . 
  it 's like a child pointing out the hypocrisy of a parent you did it , so i should be able to as well . 
  what the immature child does n't understand is that what the parent did was a mistake and helping their child to avoid the same mistake prevents multi-generational mistakes . 
  the parents has to show the child why avoiding that mistake is better for them in the long run . 
  i polish my teeth and gums regularly . 
  omg the darude bit was awesome . 
  funnier because my finnish mil lived in saudi arabia for several years . 
  i do n't know , it 's like some kind of irony . 
  there are not set standards for what makes a city large . 
  that is a story to tell your grandchildren . 
  back in our day we can remember when it was just 1 ikea . 
  hehe , well i am from the dfw metroplex . 
  just about every city seems small to me , to include denver . 
  you know the joke about wyoming though . 
  more cows than people . 
  each state though has at least one larger city , if that makes things easier to accept . 
  again , a city does not have to be 100,000 + to be considered large .
