  hip hop over the pond . 
  estonian here !, 
  i read your new rules and i find them really great , a open market for craft beers , wines etc. 
  we had our small craft revolution like a couple of years ago where big food chains started selling craft beer among others . 
  this in practice translates to expensive , small but taste varied beers that in no way will `` increase the hordes of alcoholics '' that sweden in this case proposes would happen to finland . 
  i have a feeling it is a little bit more to do with that monopoly and it would actually fill more finnish budget coffers as the market for craft beer is a little different and they are willing to pay a little bit more ( hence more tax and more money back to finnish government ) . 
  economics or politics 1-0-1 . 
  easier to barter to get better deals if the other parties are n't united . 
  idea works everywhere , from workers striking against companies to eu negotiating a better gas deal with russia as a single entity . 
  a `` strong '' anything is bad if you are in direct confrontation with your partner and your livelihood partly is decided of how good of a deal you get . 
  i want something equivalent for men . 
  like 3 days out of a month to lessen the effects of testosterone . 
  like ride mountain bikes , rally cars , punch bags , kick chairs , make love to women on the beach etc , the usual shiat . 
  this northland vacation is starting to get too long , we should start gathering our horde and invade europe like in the good old days . 
  also we need to teach those hungarians how to speak proper uralic again . 
  well those slavs were n't there at that time . 
  finno ugric language carriers more or less did the most straight forward thing - go west as far as you can . 
  finns and estonians ended up against sea barriers . 
  hungary kind of got lost ( yes you did ! ), 
  and ended up in center-mid europe mountain range that they could n't get past and kind of settled in there . 
  just going by my knowledge of what happened in estonia there is a different outlet of what happened to them . 
  some emigrated before germans came , as they heard that nazi german party did n't take kindly to jewish ancestry . 
  so again in the example of estonia about ~ 75 % smartly emigrated before the front reached them to either ussr or nordic states ( and beyond ) . 
  i would think by that time rumors were aplenty . 
  obviously this did n't happen to just the jewish decent people as among those were non jewish people who either escaped the nazis or communists . 
  so kind of a hidden factor is the shift as the fronts came . 
  i would love if the map was a little more detailed to see population shift and how the losses occured . 
  as someone pointed out some of these numbers later founded israel and some afaik escaped to the states . 
  still there is considerable losses . 
  i find most shocking how much russia lost . 
  i always kind of guessed that ussr was a safe haven but ~ 2,4 million to be prosecuted . 
  perhaps some are military deaths who fought against the germans as it only takes into account population polls ? 
  about the east vs west , a very traditionalist vs progressive standpoint . 
  it is not just the `` gay thing '' but in a more general perspective battle of cultures and acceptance of ideas that `` poison the honeypot '' . 
  russia has more or less outright stated to be the opposing side . 
  they see europe weakening because of liberalism and remain traditionalist and for some reason it does seem to work for them under putin . 
  a strong hand to lead a wide nation . 
  they get more strength by being the one to stand up against the rest of europe , this idea of ying vs yang has always worked as they can see a big enemy and take strength from this and hold together , if we battle a strong enemy thereby we are strong ourselves . 
  the facts and scientific truths hold little merit to find out what is right . 
  it is viewed under a very broad umbrella , `` hey putin did this and that and this , he probably knows how to handle the gay thing also . '', 
  yes i know the history lies in communism times and before that religious ideas to oppose homosexuality ( certain parts of asia had no such religious principles and to this day hold no real stigma about lgbt people ) . 
  it did n't help that under communism ( and the rest of the world ) being such was considered afaik illness . 
  technically this can be even seen true as it is ... outside the norm/average and the normal standpoint would be to produce children , but for obvious reasons such a standpoint has been disputed . 
  there is truth to this overall idea of cultures . 
  so far `` western pop culture '' has invaded europe and russia . 
  capitalism and global monetary , trade system has set hold in russia , east europe . 
  nato and eu has more or less gotten hold of these areas . 
  slowly but surely cultural influence affects other ideas and ideals . 
  i do feel that giving lgbt rights makes them a more happy and productive members of our society . 
  if they contribute and live happy the rest of us will benefit anyway through tax . 
  the only `` issue '' i have is with adoption , a strong female and male role does give children something . 
  i know the counter argument of single parent families are aplenty but i would argue back that even these kids are missing some part of their development . 
  sure they can function very well and make it out but it is somewhat of a disadvantage to someone who was raised by a strong father and mother figure . 
  i am simply waiting for a `` test group '' to be raised up and seen if they can function or what the differences are . 
  i know this is n't the pc way of thinking it but i do feel this is kind of a rushed subject due to `` lets be pc everyone ! '' . 
  again just to state i have no strong negative or positive feelings about the issue , i just feel this issue has been kind of under the rug as both sexes give different kind of support due to how our brains are wired . 
  holy hell , no wonder i feel they are expensive . 
  i go to gym to work with weights . 
  also hiking takes too much time away , the gym is ~ 5-10min from my work area so i can pop in for 1-1 ,5 h mighty fast . 
  gyms are quite pricey here . 
  around 50-60 euros a month . 
  that is about 15 % of your low income wage . 
  so you usually do n't see random blokes from the street come in to exercise and it is more of a perk to be part of a membership . 
  then again on the other hand gyms or gym clubs have been expanding rapidly . 
  our top one myfitness has had like 4-5 open in the recent years and other competitors are propping up who have expanded also into different parts of town . 
  oh and another side is since it is still such an exclusive business gyms like myfitness make up ridiculous contracts and get away with it . 
  i do n't know how standard these are but they feel like ryanair , you get extra fees on missing classes , you pay for vacation time , you get charged for losing a lock and also have to pay for a new lock separately , even the idea of having to sign a contract ... 
  this in the long run will thankfully make room for actually normal business models as is - pay we charge your gym card and you get to beep in the gate as long as you have time on the gym card - kind of business models as some are thankfully going for . 
  a torch march is all good but as toreon said , ekre are more or less using it as their platform and making it seems as their contingent . 
  i mean even on radio you can hear their party leads calling to join and adding a `` for more information visit ekre.ee '' at the end ... 
  i mean i am for estonia and for fancy torchlight marches , i am not for ekre using it as their platform . 
  similar line of shiat how keskerakond tried to corner the political party advertisement ban by creating k kohuke ... 
  til latvians call turkeys titters ... : o, 
  we should form a new kind of eurovision , the top 3 will gain land from the bottom 3 . 
  this way we get to enjoy cringe and battle for land . 
  i used to eat sunflower seeds with my sister . 
  we pretty much turned slav . 
  it is quite ridiculous how proficient we became doing so . 
  you like could eat a pack at record pace , churn those seeds like your mouth was a factory , one to eat , one to crush , one half cocked , one rotated to desired spot and one spare , while your hands was gobbing in more seeds . 
  had huge bowls of seed shells on the table , by the end of the night we usually had like 3-4 towers that no one bothered to move unless our parents ordered us . 
  complaining is my personal hobby though , i get something , then i want more . 
  actually it is a real issue , i feel like i will never be happy , there is always someone who somehow manages or has it better and that feeling is bad . 
  i feel like i was that one guy that brought the percentage single handedly down by like 3.0, 
  that 's what happens to finns when they do n't get their daily alcohol/sauna . 
  they turn into black husks staring and smiling into the nether . 
  did n't they like fold the iron ontop of the iron for katanas for the exact same reason you gave ? 
  to make their iron , that was n't good to begin with , stronger . 
  yes it is but the overtaking was done in a shady fashion . 
  first sent in russian troops ( they were in navy bases but during events in crimea took to streets and were seen patrolling towns ) , then held a poll . 
  i mean think of it in any other country if it was handled in this way . 
  send troops into a village that is mostly german , declare it german and watch as the former owner weeps . 
  practically it might be logical but we ca n't start changing borders based on ethnicity in this fashion . 
  a more open vote would be in order . 
  not polling under gunsights . 
  afaik soviets used estonia as an experiment . 
  their `` slightly capitalist '' test group . 
  they had military grade radars that could disrupt the signal from finland but it was never used . 
  also people still got money for work so they had funds to spend on products , state owned factory or not . 
  so they advertised products to make the population know of them , only thing they really did n't need to do any sort of appealing ads , just copy western ones and have fun . 
  gib food , i staving !,
