  his water example was a little wonky . 
  they refuse to sell the `` water '' because of their location ( not nationality ) , because they have not expanded to that market . 
  each service has to regulate per countries rules , taxes etc. 
  they ca n't shoehorn a one-fits-all price . 
  yes often this is just `` we need time to understand how much can we rip you off with '' but sometimes it really is adapting to a market like germany having quite harsh rules to certain products . 
  i do feel like i missed something and his argument already factored this in . 
  maybe i 'm being dumb . 
  well french and english are related languages . 
  try playing in a language with a non-latin alphabet . 
  still you are getting less of a game playing as someone who does n't understand the language . 
  obviously you can follow quest markers but that takes away the story driven context . 
  you might understand certain words but the ones you do n't understand means you are not getting some information , some of it might be interesting story wise . 
  its kind of unarguable that a game in your own language is a lot easier to play and understand than some game in a language you do n't know that well . 
  america/uk one up on us as they already have the benefit of having all the voice actors , language knowledge and market from age groups 3 + to enjoy their games while in other parts of europe people have to first study english and then get into gaming if they want to experience 100 % of a game and understand it . 
  a 11 year old who gets taught english as their secondary is not equal to a 11 year old who gets it as their first language and has it spoken at home . 
  you trying to make it seem like common knowledge is wrong for your example of a 11 year old . 
  computer knowledge comes from using computers and as kids younger and younger use it ( my relatives 2,5 year old knows how to use a ipad , access apps and play games ) , it comes with the territory . 
  english is n't equally well taught in europe . 
  some europeans who study it as their second language know it better . 
  nordics seem to be doing good in that department if certain studies are to believed . 
  so i do n't know where your idea that `` it 's easy ! '', 
  comes from . 
  i got my mind blown . 
  to this day `` sagapo '' was just a random word , i thought it was actually just some password type mush of letters . 
  :d i do n't know if it 's worse or better that it 's a `` love song '' . 
  it 's not a random song . 
  it was an orchestrated robot dressed song about a password . 
  how on earth can anyone forget that . 
  it was so random you simply went `` the fuck greece ? '', 
  our commentators basically could n't stop laughing during it . 
  all in good spirit though , i understand you went for random that year . 
  how can you forget ? 
  well `` figure out '' is a broad term . 
  :d i used to figure out russian games as they were cheap as hell to buy and we did n't have a stable internet back then , if i remember correctly even kazaa was n't a `` thing '' yet . 
  still figure out meant i probably lost some information . 
  i mean i could probably play warcraft iii in any language blind but i would n't understand most of the story or i would have to trial and error skills just to understand what they do . 
  playing something like skyrim in a non-english language as an english speaker would probably be hell . 
  europe , we are running out of gimmicks . 
  transgender , old people , rock , famous people , transvestites , down and autistic people , native songs , lesbians , human hamster wheels , 1 second dress changes , kids pirate songs ! , random joke songs , sagapo ... 
  i need my eurovision fix and gimmicks . 
  at any rate , i wish well for these people . 
  just like everywhere , there are gimmicks and there are gimmicks . 
  just like the russian babushkas there are positive differences and these guys belong in that category , gimmick or not gimmick . 
  i wonder what the next real gimmick would be ? 
  like naked people ? 
  dogs singing ? 
  finger puppets ? 
  everyone likes finger puppets !, 
  well scrap the `` totally '' part then . 
  still a new head and a new name . 
  i would think there are some policy changes that come with a new party leader and reforming a party . 
  else they would of continued rahvaliit . 
  true dat . 
  i remember kesk had a inner conflict in the party when pretty big names abandoned them in the aftermath . 
  reason given by most politicians who left - mr edgar makes it his party , nothing is flexible . 
  so there are `` good guys '' even inside kesk , it will be interesting to see once uncle edgar steps down what will become of it . 
  no matter who they wo n't match edgar . 
  voted for social democrats . 
  before usually voted for reformists . 
  wanted to give them more of a platform ( hoping others would do so too ) . 
  i hoped it was probably going to be reforms + socials + someone else in the coalition . 
  also i do n't really like stagnation of reform being a constant main power . 
  not that reform has done anything bad , they are a great `` default go to '' party but i think its nice to give a vote to other sympathetic parties so reform have to actually try getting votes . 
  and a stone into the cabbage field ( do other people even use this expression besides estonians ? ), 
  of the general election committee . 
  we really need a system change . 
  make the voting period longer . 
  i spoke to people who were still deciding and the e-vote ended and they simply could n't vote , as their station was in another town or they got sick at the general election day . 
  or the voting period flew past them as they had something life related to do that they could n't pass up and never made it to a polling station . 
  if they had an extra day or two , this would of been different or more importantly , a longer e-vote period . 
  i do absolutely love how 2 totally new parties managed to grab 15 seats between them . 
  at least our democracy is n't at a standstill and people give new winds a try . 
  well your question should then be worded as publishers . 
  simply major investors who pay for the development costs and share revenue . 
  there are probably many puzzle pieces why there is no european majors besides ubisoft ( that is actually comparable to even ea ) . 
  1 ) what is a european market ? 
  we have a lot of different languages , cultures , world views . 
  it would be nearly impossible to produce a game that hits off to the `` european market '' . 
  there is no easy way to entice entire europe to play `` eu call of duty '' , you ca n't fistbump the european union flag and hope people share that ideal . 
  so a very mixed market makes it hard for their own buyers to buy anything . 
  2 ) in the game of banking or investment the early bird does get the worm . 
  americans , japanese have had time to gobble up plenty of practice and smaller developers that produce their main titles . 
  as we gamers all know it only takes like 3-4 major series to lift your company from zero to hero . 
  assassins creeds , world of warcraft , call of duty etc. 
  all had quite a humble beginning . 
  _______________________ besides european developers usually do n't aim as high and do n't always go for $ $ bill . 
  eg notch selling minecraft , arguably a fairly established `` world player '' . 
  then for example world of tanks that proclaim to have 60 million users with 1,1 million players at the same time . 
  they even passed world of warcraft in terms of ingame item revenue . 
  yes wot is based on only that as a f2p game but even the fact that a f2p game managed to one up the already paying wow huge userbase speaks volumes . 
  obviously we ca n't miss ubisoft that managed to luck out and create a uber successful 3-4 game hit studio that again as mentioned before rivals ea in terms of revenue estimates . 
  alternatively the most successful youtuber gamer is pewdiepie who probably earns `` per capita '' the most , he is probably the most valuable gamer thus far . 
  no actual running costs as any of the large firms have . 
  ( also hard to continue the brand once he puts gaming on hold but still , shows something ) ____________ so to conclude i would say we simply do n't have a unified market enough to boost our own companies and have to by default appeal to mostly english speaking nations or asian ones . 
  so the american companies kind of have a better starting hand and european companies have to work a little harder to appeal to firstly the large established american base , then the asian world and europeans , already having integrated to the common gaming base that is mostly influenced by american companies , tags along . 
  but lithuania was charged more on average by russian gas than the lng price . 
  only now is the russian gas price lower as they needed to drop it as lithuania has access to other gas sources . 
  lng or liquid natural gas . 
  as liquid is usually denser than gas you can ship quite a lot of it . 
  as for prices pipe is a lot cheaper as you only have to worry about building a pipeline and have some maintenance done now and again .
