  kind of a military carnival fare thing as kids fkin love guns and shit . 
  obviously it has become a major news piece as one side shows `` how much we are protecting you with parades and shit , you love us you munchkin easterners '' and the other is showing the side of `` us is sooooo occupying them , they are soooo dangerous and about to attack russia , look at all those freaking snobbish abraham tanks showing the middle finger towards us '' . 
  simply ye olde power struggle of a concept that does n't seem to die . 
  east vs west part deux , the continuation of the continuation of the cold war . 
  west won the last one with the collapse of su and now we have all these eastern european countries that basically are a big middle finger to russia with a constant `` you lost this shiat , they are all independent and mostly western sided '' message at their border . 
  now putin is having a stiffy trying to `` correct '' the situation . 
  people are going crazy just for getting back crimea proclaiming the golden age of russia . 
  thinking they somehow possess the means to go against west again . 
  in reality russia is a country of 140 million . 
  they do have landmass and a lot of resources but having them somewhere and actually mining/using/extracting them is a whole other story . 
  currently their country does n't earn nearly enough for what putin is trying to do . 
  that is somehow revive the russian spirit by going for a cock-fight with a longated metaphorical us penis and a steadily above average european one . 
  i like to live in russia or north korea . 
  i would always hear how great we are doing and how we are the best people around the world . 
  edit : yes i know north korea is n't europe but it 's a idyllic dream god damn it !, 
  estonia as a whole is having a quarterlife crisis as a country . 
  `` who ae we gits and wh thi blodey hell should we be lernin bollocks peasant talkin english . 
  we wun be fakin nords '' * language level has been adjusted to current standards actually i have no idea what 's going on . 
  we have n't done anything major really , should be business as usual in terms of learning english . 
  greece wrote the letter `` p '' . 
  uk & belgium collaborated by writing `` a '' and `` y '' . 
  let it be known on this day , when latvians and estonians take to the air we are nordic !, 
  now we only need to invent sky castles and be nordic sky gods . 
  basically a semi `` how good is the food/health '' list as on average people who are taller probably had better diets as children . 
  this mostly stands for european populations that have a fairly established gene pool and we can observe populations getting taller with each century . 
  i see a lot more younger people taller than me . 
  i am tall/average here at 189cm . 
  open market as far as i am aware basically mean less taxation and red tape for companies . 
  so in terms of the company the more open a market usually the better for competition and getting into a market . 
  in terms of leaving money behind it is n't that good for the locals or the country . 
  balancing game of how low can you go to lure in bigger companies and how much tax or other regulatory charges you can take from them in order to keep them in . 
  same thing with estonia . 
  politics have caused a lot of friction ( long before ukraine events ) and slowly but surely the export/import from russia declined . 
  the topic remained though `` stop being so independent and mellow up towards russia instead of west '' and ironically russia more or less did what west are doing to russia now . 
  that is slowly ramping up sanctions . 
  obviously these were never official sanctions . 
  its just that certain trains lines suddenly needed urgent `` maintenance '' or products that were ordered for decades suddenly became `` not suitable or up to quality '' for the russian market . 
  you are taking away the humanistic aspect of drinking . 
  i bet a fins right of passage is to come to viro and buy a fuckload of alcohol . 
  then his or her family will view the amount he or she managed to carry back home and either be accepted as a trueblood fin or cast aside to sweden or something . 
  all will drink and be happy , if cast aside all will drink and be little less happy but still happy . 
  what next ? 
  potato pipe from latvia ? 
  pff please ... 
  as a non native russian speaker `` nahui pohui '' has become a fairly common russian words for us . 
  we do n't probably see it in the same colors . 
  same way `` fuck '' became a fairly common phrase-word in non-english speaking countries or even `` oh my god !, 
  '' , that some consider just as bad as `` fuck '' as you are using the lords name in vain . 
  estonian speakers actually took over a similar phrase , `` po hui ! '', 
  and adapted it into their own lingo . 
  simply `` mul on pohhui '' carries no real swear word bell and you can say it even in normal conversation . 
  also quite a strong wording for russian speakers but for most estonians they probably use it in front of their mothers as it carries a lesser connotation , just as `` fuck '' does . 
  actually i really like the word pohhui or po hui as a estonian . 
  if you remove any tendency of it being a swear word . 
  its great to pronounce . 
  :d you can emphasize and longated the `` hh '' in the middle to make it sound extra spicy when saying that phrase/word as estonian language has so called `` suprasegmentals '' or vowels you can pronounce as long as you want . 
  i also know that h is n't specifically a vowel but for some reason ( probably someone can explain ) it works as one with pohhui . 
  probably because we do n't have many words with double `` h '' . 
  because you need to know a swear word or two . 
  most important when either facing danger ( eg understanding if someone is mad at you ) or you need to actually convey the danger of a predicament ( eg a fast swear word to make it clear things are heating up ) actually i think it is a fairly common thing that swear words are the easiest to pick up as like it or not , everyone knows them and uses them ( some very rarely and some more often at certain times of need ) . 
  to idosj nahui ? 
  idi nahui ... ok i have exhausted my knowledge of russian . 
  edit : almost forgot , `` sigaret jest ? 
  well this is actually old news to us . 
  so old we simply smirk at these news articles . 
  we are very and i mean very used to russia using the `` they are so nazi '' card . 
  before ukraine we were probably the main target . 
  only problem is russia is using the `` they are nazi '' card on a lot of their european neighbors . 
  finland is called nazi if needed , `` we assaulted them because they were turning nazi ! '', 
  estonia obviously , latvia obviously . 
  lithuania probably not that much but they do n't have that big of a russian minority to whom to stir up . 
  poland gets its fair share of blame . 
  now suddenly their previous best or second best friend ukraine became the worst nazi state ever . 
  our beloved estonian comedians once put this well . 
  `` what where the russians doing ? 
  they were so bloody quick to conquer berlin that they probably missed entire battle battalions . 
  they blame everyone for being nazi that they seemingly did n't do a good job in the first place at cleaning europe of nazis , if everyone still is nazi '', 
  this . 
  he now simply sounds like he has his own unique way of speaking , like some here do . 
  not an accent per say . 
  most people were n't that annoyed that he even had an accent ( early years it was hearable ) . 
  it was simply a running joke of people emulating him but as far as i could tell always in good spirit . 
  we have a thing for president or state elders getting made fun for this . 
  meri , also a president , spoke in his own way of a longated last syllable and pauses between words . 
  his parodies were also a thing . 
  yeah but it 's a pesudo-showerthought . 
  its like we all know the message is anything but forthcoming calling a news network `` putins mouthpiece '' but we have to have those `` best wishes '' at the end . 
  like smiling at someone while punching them in the mouth . 
  i do get it 's all politics and you ca n't just speak as you would to your older brother who just took the remote . 
  this is quite interesting . 
  those who study how people emigrated out of africa have , as far as i am aware , made a distinction that the baltic region was inhabited around 15,000-8 ,000 bc ( depending on the exact place ) as the ice retreated . 
  the problem is finno-ugric is traced to be a younger language . 
  so we have this kind of puzzle to solve . 
  holy crap , i really honestly think this is a better flag than our current one . 
  dude , we took a swedish viking prince in prison or whatever you would call the kings son , jarl-garl-larl whatever . 
  \u00d6silans were actually historically mentioned seafarers/pirates/vikings and actually raided vikings themselves . 
  100 % wiki accuracy and guarantee : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oeselians, 
  i bet such a diary would have a lot of `` politically correct '' `` wording '' . 
  dear diary , today i used my `` minivan '' to `` give out '' `` icecreams '' . 
  in total i gave out 5 `` icecreams '' .
