  it is however , their decision if they give a crap about our opinion . 
  it 's eu 's soft politics , simply showing that they do n't tolerate non-democratic close neighbors . 
  but the stepping stone probably was putin one upping them so seeing how even belarus is seemingly distancing from russia , it 's only logical to try and win them over with more treats and less whip . 
  we trade with china ( + others ) and deal with us/saudi etc because we have to . 
  elephant in the room , if half the world worked fairly , our prices and life quality would go haywire and europeans are n't particularry happy about any reductions as most have been stable for so long . 
  also a common reasoning is if we do n't cut the profits from such countries others will , its the `` good guys finish last '' principle , we have to do some bad knowing we can use those resources for at least some good and , in our eyes , valid principles . 
  the current idea seems to be babystepping our way to a better world , at least europe with others is doing enough like trying to deal with climate change , pollution , recycling . 
  if there are other black sheep in the room let them be . 
  it 's like a puzzle , you throw some in a pile and deal with the easy bits hoping everything will come together . 
  ex-chief of russian anti-doping was dead . 
  one reporter asked the politburo if the ex-vice-chief was also dead ? 
  politburo replied that he is probably in good health , they could n't find him in his apartment to make sure . 
  well it is a cold ` ish month , everyone is probably at home . 
  no time for murders , drinking tea and beer . 
  i know i am . 
  thanks for the compliment bror . 
  we are so scandinavian ja ? 
  ah , das ist so scandinavian to hate your scandinavian bror , bror !, 
  so uhm ... want to get some icecream and talk about how we soooooo hate sweden ja ? 
  oh come on , they had himmler ( the ss henchman ) and ribbentrop ( the guy who dealt with nazi foreign affairs , ironic kind of ) but not the ones from germany , d\u00fcsseldorf but the ones from hull and essex probably . 
  just similar names , not at all the ones born in germany . 
  could anyone from the country tell me what it 's like living there ? 
  i would say people are more pessimistic about life quality here than they should be . 
  its also really is like quarter scandinavia , quarter russia , quarter baltic in terms of traditions/attitude/legacy . 
  depends in what area and with whom you communicate . 
  living costs are really high for our average salaries and with food you are going to pay like 50-70 % of your wage into just being able to live . 
  this is for average salaries though that are around 900 eur . 
  we have entered some kind of second stage as a country/population as we are slowly creeping up on `` west europes '' slower runners as are portugal , greece and a few others in terms of living standards/economy so we have all these `` new '' problems as `` is the wage increasing too rapidly ? '', 
  and `` are we going to see somekind of bubble burst in terms of some pricing not catching up '' , `` is our country still good for investors if we keep growing in terms of taxes ? '' . 
  our minimum for example is being increased by 40 eur each year . 
  it used to be 355 in 2014 , last year it was 390 , now its 430 . 
  next year 470 so this benefits the `` small guy '' the most . 
  so it shows the general `` slow progression '' we are witnessing . 
  for being a small nation we actually do need just 1 startup to succeed and stay in estonia for our entire nation to tigerleap in terms of economy . 
  this is our current `` country mission '' . 
  before it was the unoriginal `` get into nato , eu , euro '' deal . 
  i find it interesting that our government itself is kind of trying to be a startup with many interesting ideas as is selling id cards to foreigners in trade of a easy way to do business through our legislation . 
  also the whole x-road program of allowing all kinds of ideas to link up with the government . 
  just picture a country establishing a linux server and actually allowing everyone into it who has an idea , to data with legal binding force . 
  it is however a fairly common opinion that the country is being built up in the correct way . 
  we have our taxes in order , we have our economic discipline and our only gripe is that our economy is growing slow . 
  this is a big fault of ours we ca n't fix though as losing a chunk of russian market and the general european growth affects our markets quite badly . 
  second fault is our population growing old so at some point we will reach a tipping point of social taxes vs taxpayers , it will be interesting to see how it will be solved . 
  economy while `` growing '' , more importantly is not in any way in the negatives for a while so the growth is constant for the forseeable future , much easier to plan ahead a steady economy if you are n't flip flopping around on the scale . 
  in terms of investment we are n't the cheapest anymore and even lithuania has a lot of startups there , i think even google went with lithuania ? 
  too lazy to google right now . 
  people friendliness , lets just say we save up on friendliness so in close quarters with closer people we burst out but in general we are `` nordic cold '' , we do have more european `` keep smile '' relations though with each year and younger people are in the `` youtube '' generation so they kind of are more open . 
  food in general is shit . 
  we eat peasant grub to this day , potatoes , macaroni , chicken , pork etc. 
  with a touch of more veganism and common sense of cutting back on sugar , oily foods etc ( at least in my social group ) . 
  we are known to eat unhealthy fatty food though . 
  we are in demand of skilled labour with mostly in it markets ( and i have seen plenty of foreigners in it firms ) , if you average the costs of living you can live pretty well with what they offer . 
  around 2000-3000eur wages ( someone can correct me on this ) afaik . 
  i would conclude and say we are the jack-of-all nations currently . 
  bad at nothing but also not good at anything , so we kind of average in this mild economy growth slowly trying to build up . 
  everything is done correct , nothing major is happening at the moment . 
  perhaps that is good enough . 
  i think someone already somewhere explained the problem . 
  us is us , they are kind of like eu but have some advantages . 
  firstly it is a country , united . 
  so when designing anything you design it for the 300 or more million of people and do not think on a state scale . 
  secondly the babylon effect of different languages , culture spheres and regulations . 
  you will simply always start building small in europe and you wo n't think globally . 
  i think there were more reasons but those were the starters of eu basically `` thinking small '' as the markets you design stuff and actually expect results are small . 
  corruption , taxation etc is second hand reasons . 
  india , china etc also have the advantage of explosive growth with their products as their populations are so large so when something kicks of it really kicks off , its much easier to bring the smaller markets ( population wise ) as are us or eu into the mix . 
  oh gawd it all makes sense now !, 
  romans did n't die out because of the barbs !, 
  it was carbs !, 
  a simple grammatical error !, 
  we are all doomed like the romans . 
  in 2000 years history books will write of caesar merkel and how her empire fell !, 
  doomed i say !, 
  whut ? 
  it survived in estonian , we still call our \u00e4itis , ema . 
  oh nice , we also have kuningas . 
  the name tallinn is fairly recent . 
  wiki it . 
  german influence is in tallinn ( and estonia ) though , from 13 to about 19 , early 20th century it was run by so called baltic germans . 
  even during the first russian period ( pre soviet ) germans were the noble class and their ideas went to practice . 
  ooooh sweden is still close ? 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  also germany and slovakia . 
  i 'm actually sad things are n't like that . 
  we could make middle east work . 
  like literally , we would all work german style until our deaths or country succeeds . 
  edit : nvm , russia is further away , this is reason # 1 to agree with this . 
  the difference gosbadin putin is under the `` occupation of nato '' we have n't really suffered . 
  there is no repression and no large scale loss of life or economy ( no sulfur mines to be built that would ruin like 20 % of our countries landmass for the good of kremlin ) . 
  in a sense putin is telling the truth . 
  afaik many people thought re-independence would be impossible and the su would never fall so the mindset to change so fast was a fail on su part . 
  a good one but to people like putin who liked the union , still a fail . 
  i do feel putin is kind of making a final push sort of . 
  soon the generation of su citizens will die out and everyone will know su only from history books . 
  so its now or never to make a push for glorious soviet union re-establishment as soon he wo n't have any angle to go for at all . 
  oh and realistically speaking the `` nato forces '' are down to mere battalions if that . 
  there are so little actual nato member troops ( other than estonian ) that this is just plain stupid . 
  during soviet times we had a realistic occupation force stationed here . 
  eu expansion pack coming this summer . 
  eu : the warlords of easternor,
