  some day people will look back at this and think how stupid it is to debate about regional distinction at this small scale . 
  as long as i have some dosh , a place to live and experience new stuff at a steady pace i am fine with any region . 
  ^ ( as long as it is n't east ), 
  or a secret pr campaign for finnish cheese awesomeness ? 
  was this posted yet ? 
  then again if you met a estonian talking shit about estonia and estonians i would think it be totally legit , even russian estonian . 
  as a estonian when growing up i demanded a k\u00e4rums to be my desert . 
  at that time i did n't care what country made it , only thing i knew that it was the only brand i really really liked . 
  so latvia was part of my growing up meal , part of latvia is ... inside me . 
  uhh such a statement is so stupid that the perfect reply would be why are germans blamed for what an austrian did ? 
  `` putin sends troops to help poland and baltics , and finland , and ukraine '' ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  so technically estonia sent spaniard fighter jets to attack finland , what a time to be alive . 
  so just because a person gets conscripted into an ss unit he is by default non equal to a person who got conscripted into a soviet unit ? 
  technicalities , baltic ss legions were acquitted of crimes as they were ss by name but not by formalities is the short version . 
  a comparison would be `` nike/adidas '' and `` nice/adibas '' , germans by 1944 did n't really follow any assembly instructions when getting men to fight for them as new units were made . 
  it is in utter bad taste though as the letters ss kind of represent the worst in nazism fanatics and the baltic units were named after that . 
  in reality all sides can commemorate , in estonia german side gathers near sinim\u00e4ed , soviet side used to gather in downtown , now they gather in the military cemetery due to a infamous bronze soldier . 
  both sides hold speeches and proclaim what a great fight it was , a little vodka is passed around and both sides commemorate in their own way . 
  so to russians i say stop looking it from your hill , estonia as many others were dragged into the war , we were very adamant on our position , neutral but soviets had to force their mutual defensive pact and march soldiers in our territory . 
  debated many russians with this view who even admit manilas false flag . 
  the end result is usually `` we kind of knew finland would be pro-german so we attacked them first '' which i find even more frustrating . 
  similar argument with poland `` well we needed to grab the land as germany would of grabbed it anyway '' . 
  so you become an aggressor and kill another countries soldiers , generals and you somehow are mad that they object to it . 
  same reason with baltics , you start your usual ussr oppression and are mad when some percentage join the germans in the fight ( some joined the soviets , some joined resistance , some escaped to the west and some became also more or less paramilitaries for a third party as finland might be considered ) . 
  i `` thank '' winter war because finland stood up and that kind of leaves a big black spot in ussr/russian history as they ca n't really claim moral superiority in ww2 , forever more or less . 
  contemporary history gives us this idea that as the ice retreated the area was settled ~ 10,000 bc and there were possibly many immigration waves towards these areas , at one point to such affect that our entire culture/language was switched to the now finnic version . 
  so if you go way back our `` tradition '' was to be under no ones control , our big mistake was not being able to get past the `` village vs village '' or county vs county idea and we never formed a nation until germans steamrolled us . 
  you list our problems but in no way can we be this free to control world economy . 
  our numbers are simply too little . 
  hell , even us/europe is having problems now as china/india are taking over as the hotspot of world politics , they have the production , people , trade and their say is beginning to be the most important ones . 
  we can choose a more fascist idea of a state build inside , isolationist but we will go nowhere like this . 
  last time others `` bent '' to the west they managed to shoot miles ahead in economy and life happiness level . 
  as a nation of 1,3 m even if we carry out orders it has really little effect . 
  i think estonia smartly chose a route to go for , it and startups . 
  if we can manage to get like ~ 3-5 idea running that would boost the entire nation up , i mean even nokia was like what 20 % of finnish economic viability ? 
  `` nation '' and `` nation '' . 
  sometimes it is a little difficult to actually understand . 
  de jure we have all the rights of a country , we have our culture , our language , our genes and traditional history as a group of people - estonia . 
  we are a textbook example of a nation , with common ideas and goals and reasons to exist as one . 
  then comes the de facto . 
  in reality we are a group of people with a headcount of 1.3 m , in china or india we would be such a little speck that no one would bat an eye , they have bigger city districts or even more population on some bigger , longer streets than our entire population . 
  the latter side humanly takes priority , if 9 survive then 1 can die , this has to be the way . 
  obviously we want to save all 10 but if there had to be a choice the obvious answer is the 9 . 
  so bigger population groups take priority . 
  thus we find ourselves in this situation - estonia . 
  as a nation with all the rights but in reality we have to belong in a bigger group or our ideas would simply be not heard . 
  so as the closest strong willed power besides russia is `` the west '' then it was kind of obvious to side with eu , nato , europe , the west and so on . 
  more specifically about globalization or `` muslim takeover '' so far this had not happened , this can be regulated with quotas of immigrants . 
  sure you can say `` sheeple , it will happen in the future '' but i do not claim to be able to see into the future and i am quite certain neither do you . 
  i for one predict , besides the overall population boom already existing heavily in favor of china , india , muslims will be the least of our worries as `` the western '' world . 
  we simply are n't making enough babies as a whole , no need for `` muslim invasions '' . 
  russia in some sense does not know how to make friends near europe . 
  finland they have invaded in the near-past . 
  all of baltic states are against them due to their annexation . 
  poland is mad at them due to certain murders in their forests and invasion . 
  moldova is at a standstill with them due to disputed territory . 
  georgia is at a standstill with them . 
  i think i do n't have to mention ukraine . 
  so there is a reason why countries near russia seek a protection umbrella organisation other than russia . 
  russian politics are more strong-handed than us . 
  uk lost their empire , us is slowly losing influence , russia is just getting to grips and having withdrawal syndromes of not being a superpower anymore with their arguably small economy and now 140m population . 
  garlic bread is life . 
  if you have not tried it do so immediately . 
  also a hot soup is good in any situation . 
  fills you right up . 
  seriously , i have nothing against gay people but one guy in the year i served with was gay with a capital g . he talked very femininely , plucked and groomed eyebrows in the morning , got his nails done and coated them etc etc. 
  he was n't shunned in any way and everyone got along more or less but it was so effing funny , i had n't before seen any `` stereotypical gay '' people but it the context of being in the army it felt a little like a sitcom at times . 
  `` 30 and a half manly guys and a feminine guy '' . 
  the point is i would of said the same comment myself but they probably exist , just very rare , even in estonia but as he was trying his best he was accepted in the group . 
  oh and he was sassy too so that made it even better . 
  :d edit : just to clarify i also know this does n't make him trans per se but he was quite feminine look wise and body movement wise . 
  these kind of things tend to stand out pretty quick if you share a living space and are with the same people 24/7 . 
  '' a british tv program '' ... uuuuh this is qi , the best show ever , actually whichever british quiz show you watch you got the same people on the panel . 
  because specifically this action is n't `` bad '' but it is already a sign of things to come . 
  its like courting , it does n't have to be serious but if they are going for closer ties you are lead to ask `` is there more to this ? 
  i thought we kind of learned from history to be more level headed . 
  also practically there are n't that many migrants in estonia , even those brought here more or less packed their bags and left . 
  i know these anti-migrant viewed people exist but for them to form a party and get to a certain threshold level ... i mean , come on . 
  our # 1 issue certainly is n't migrants in estonia . 
  we need a government that can get our economy to grow again , not create boogie men to battle . 
  oh how the mighty fall . 
  our political landscape for some time was like f1 in the schumacher days , predictable for decades . 
  now that the ` pro-russian ' leader has been toppled and the throne usurpers are trying to divide the land we are seeing change . 
  also now that there is no common `` evil party '' people are seeing more faults in our other big parties . 
  oh and how on earth did our own run of the mill `` f the migrants '' party even get a platform i have no idea . 
  nearly taxing sugar , more taxes on alcohol , extra `` rich person '' tax on cars and nearly passing a tax increase on petrol ... i have not seen so much messing about in i do n't know how long . 
  are we this well off to start destabilizing our economical landscape ? 
  who even wanted these changes ? 
  true that . 
  our `` radical '' ( basically the same guy who was democratic before ) enacted more power to himself and ironically the first authoritarian move he did was to ban a mild fascist movement of ex-ww1 vets in estonia . 
  his goal seemingly was to stay neutral as possible , we now know how well that worked out . 
  : / he did have trouble giving up power but afaik he did so in the end and was still re-elected . 
  hence why talking politics is usually shitty to this day . 
  we have these in estonia but they never rise up ... wait , maybe our town lied to us . 
  what if you need to really really really pee and you just watch it raise slowly ... i would call that torture sweden , you hear that ? 
  torture !, 
  not really , its a nummi way to spell estonia or eesti . 
  you managed to hold up ussr with a rag tag team of defenders who lacked equipment , training headed by a semi-alcoholic army leader that had no faith in finlands defense to really hold . 
  that is a life lesson in itself , be honest about your capability or starting point and the bullshitter will often grind himself down with overconfidence . 
  nuke nordics , lowers development , everybody seems better on statistical gradients , profit !,
