  :p i do have visited a sermon though , maybe even twice-thrice ( hard to tell when one begins or ends ) . 
  usually churches have adapted and organize music events and then include some `` godly flavor '' sometimes with a ultra small preaching session . 
  also i once got free tea at some church event so that was nice . 
  the atrocities seem very very similar to all of the war period . 
  forced marches , street executions to make examples , mass graves , camps , revenge . 
  perhaps only the germans who committed these crimes and german leaders , were more systematic from the start trying to eliminate unwanted people . 
  i do remind that not only germany started this but at a similar rate and times soviet union invaded or/and annexed eastern european regions where similar acts were carried out before the `` the patriotic war '' . 
  meaning mass graves , political victims , shootings , mass deportations , work or `` slave '' camps in style of gulags . 
  i do think in the future whatever nation goes to war has to take into account that their actions representing their nation will have an impact to innocents who bear the same `` tag '' in some way be it nationality or other affiliation . 
  this happened with the japanese living in america , this happened in this documentary and it is still happening with western looking people being targeted in certain middle eastern lands . 
  same way i hate how people say `` polish death camps '' when the honest slogan should be nazi germany death camps in poland as i doubt poland would of set up these death camps were they not invaded from two sides . 
  so while the people for these individual crimes no matter who started it are at fault the main instigator should still be very careful as such whiplash is common . 
  its a very pragmatic view and a hateful retrospect but this is the reality , i hope we wo n't see such events in ukraine in even larger scale after it calms down if it does . 
  no but really . 
  a drone to scout the airspace is something of expected . 
  i would guess its cheaper than sending manned aircraft to similar situations . 
  well from my own experience in estonia prisoners do menial jobs that are minimum wage or seemingly more often part time so even less than minimum . 
  as they have no living/food expenses they can deal with a job that is part time , offers a wage that a free citizen would n't be able to live with . 
  i mean the hourly minimum is still set but the hours of work done is on average lower so they obviously get less money at the end of the month . 
  one example i remember is football field cleanup that prisoners apparently did . 
  i do n't see it as a bad thing in any way if even private establishments offer such jobs . 
  i do get your obvious and logical issue with this that private companies with profit in their mind will obviously go for and take use of such serfs but i do n't see this happening at least in my own country . 
  usually the jobs are such that average citizens wo n't apply . 
  if a regular citizen ca n't get a job he can get in contact with our appropriate government establishment that will seek a job ( or offer free courses ) for any individual . 
  i do get that government should n't be corrupt and basically instigate some kind of pseudo slavery . 
  seeing how much profit prisoners in us makes for their country i also feel it can snowball away as a problem . 
  then again maybe our small size as estonia means our prison population who works is low enough to not cause any issues . 
  yeah quite subjective but it does n't claim to be anything else . 
  estonians have a constant boner for finland/sweden and coveting your neighbors oxen is something that makes you unhappy . 
  also life is n't a flower so most tell it like it is . 
  unless you have a house , family , good job and a good car you are most probably unhappy . 
  i mean look at europe in general in even most of germany is only 1/4th happy or so . 
  well this is good actually . 
  prisoners usually do get , and should take , any job they can manage . 
  earning money while doing time is a lot better than just sitting in a cell . 
  `` prison labor '' while a taboo term is a lot less scary usually . 
  most are n't hardcore gangbangers , killers , rapers in prisons . 
   to what extent should europe enlarge ? 
  ( immigration and outer borders ) i would also echo some others saying at least the `` western part '' of russia is quite european . 
  culture wise . 
  i do n't however see how this could be accomplished without getting whole of russia into eu . 
  also i do n't think they want to join eu out of their own ideals . 
  as for realistic expansion obviously the idea would to get most of european continent under one union . 
  slowly build up the newer members and live as a happy family and start co-operating with china/india . 
   what would optimal relationship between the member states and the institutions ? 
  kind of a hard question . 
  i would say more streamlined somehow . 
  i have no idea what is going on in brussels or what decisions are being made . 
  i have trouble enough to follow what my own country is deciding . 
  so kind of a double government going on . 
  somehow get the decision making more to the people . 
  also show what other countries think of others . 
  i still live in a very estonian culture space . 
  the most international thing probably is reddit europe and i fking love it . 
  if we somehow integrated all of us into somekind of one culture bubble . 
   which factors can affect the integration process in the future ? 
  i think we already have problems due to our differences . 
  former block countries , uk being sometimes a lone wolf , spain , portugal , mostly greece having economic troubles . 
  sometimes countries totally veto decisions when others agree . 
  i wo n't even fathom how you would fix it . 
  maybe time and a slow `` european '' identity building would fix it . 
  maybe the system already works but the result needs time for us to become more equal on living standards . 
   what are the pros and cons of a ` europe with multiple speeds ' ( integration at different speeds throughout different european countries ) ? 
  if its done in a clear cut way of `` this and this until next tier '' then its a god send . 
  we ca n't force everyone into the same shoes . 
  i think our own , estonian , growth has stopped because some rates are fixated in place and we will most probably get a +1 to +3 % economic growth in the future , so a less risky economic plan for us but we could probably push it a little more if we had more freedom . 
  i would send a message to myself with all the lottery numbers . 
  on second thought the smartest thing you could do is message someone famous and unbiased that people look up to in europe with all of what has happened so far to warn about stalin , hitler and other ailments , maybe cures to diseases to prove your information is truthful . 
  i messed estonias chances d ; i 'm such a bj\u00f6rk !, 
  well then , either eastern europe is n't europe or norway did n't really become the no . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't see any voters !, 
  realistically though , i think pretty much everyone votes like this on paperback . 
  a shitty box , a shitty booth with a shitty curtain . 
  in general as the country is small we at least know who we are sending and that song usually gets played throughout the country . 
  we do n't dis it as far as `` only gays watch it '' as we know its just for entertainment just as any show . 
  it 's simply one of those talking subjects the next day , `` hey watched the eurovision ? '', 
  we do have an awesome setup for commentators . 
  firstly the general `` old people '' style of realistically commenting . 
  then we have a quite popular duo of comedians who basically dub the show over while getting extremely drunk , they talk about everything and anything and it turns into quite nsfw . 
  they can go from jewish ww2 conspiracies to fat jokes and toilet humor . 
  i do like the concept , essence of the competition though . 
  brings europe together and its a fun entertainment with added voting . 
  lately too many ballads though . 
  would never watch it as it is , maybe 1-2 realistically good songs out of 26 or however many there are . 
  so either `` meh '' or drinking gameish thing is the answer . 
  til latvian spies are the best spies . 
  none have been recently captured . 
  i think since last time he was waiting for trial in june the earliest . 
  some say he tried to get to the eurovision 5 times before , some say he does n't really want to sing , all we know is that he needs our votes and he is called the stig !, 
  good kind of fat , like beer belly and good steak kind of fat . 
  not morbidly obese , ca n't walk to the bathroom us kind of fat . 
  dude the first and second were actually good goals !, 
  :o the second was amazing , a defender was putting him off balance and he did n't even need to look for the goal , he still found the top corner . 
  like obviously they were n't going 100 % on him but still ... 
  so getting like 1 million stray cats is n't the answer to a metropolis rat problem ? 
  lithuania , so u been getting into the baltics cookie jar ? 
  bad eating habits on average has two socio-economic levels . 
  one is when you are saving money by eating less to afford other stuff . 
  the other is when you do have some money but you more or less save time by eating unhealthy by not thinking about it .
