  in the long run you save practical time as you always have your id card with you or near you . 
  its like what smartphones did to our culture in card from , meaning we use it for such mundane reasons it became part of our lives . 
  more so if you have mobile-id you basically have your id card abilities transferred to your phone sim chip . 
  so your phone suddenly became able to 1-click into apps that basically communicate with your government for `` serious business '' stuff . 
  so in a sense `` lazy government '' or `` 1 click government '' kind of deal what makes it so great , you don \u00b4 t have to assign a special time to do something boring , you simply do it when you have some spare time . 
  not id card related but in similar style estonia afaik also spearheaded the m-parking system , again a really lazy and easy way to pay for parking , simply sms your zone and sms if your out of that zone . 
  90 % of our parking fees are done online . 
  it again uses your mobile phone carrier fee to add your parking fees to it . 
  in essence again a way for your government to make the most hassle free system for your to communicate with them . 
  its like your government suddenly started using android/linux and giving others the ability to design system for it . 
  so far it is still at the start of things but even such mundane things as bank logins , government communication and parking is a really great sign of how little can change so much . 
  you simply save all the frustration as someone actually managed to design something smart and easy to use and it came from the government side , you pinch yourself for a reality check at some points , `` it really works '' . 
  more importantly its easy to develop further and fast to implement . 
  the only time i have been to a church in my life is if there was some school event ( mostly christmas ) or someone died . 
  oh and one time i went in as they offered free tea and they actually delivered . 
  was kind of nice . 
  was a baby when it collapsed . 
  my mother told me she held me in her arms while watching out of our home window . 
  how the russian/soviet army convoy was driving past our windows towards st petersbourg , away from tallinn . 
  this thought has always stayed with me . 
  holy hell , i eat that stuff almost every morning here in estonia as its a easy thing to make and fills you up . 
  sold in `` 5 minutes to make '' kind of big packages . 
  its basically yeah oat porridge , it tastes like freaking crap plain but i usually add about 1-2 teaspoons of sugar on top to make it good . 
  its simply simple `` powerfood '' that will give you enough energy for the day/lunchtime . 
  healthy and easy to make in the morning , simply turn on the stove , boil water , add the oats and wait . 
  yesterday i went to some dinery for my work lunch break , had to pay about 5 euros for some rice , sauce , meat ( not a lot of meat either ) and milk . 
  next time i will rile up the crowd and start protesting for having to pay for this crap !, 
  right ? 
  or better , i should come to finland and simply demand stuff !, 
  that is so metal . 
  people choose to go back to a war torn country because finland is too cold . 
  like 80 year old grannies survive here but some rather risk with war , than live in cold . 
  as a estonian [ this estonian song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb72xj_fj_y ) always come to mind . 
  `` baltics the hell !??!, 
  i will go back to my wartorn country , pff ... war is better than some baltic country ! '', 
  - some ` war ' refugee in lithuania '' : ' ( '' - lithuanians and probably other baltics, 
  i remember that one refugee protest picture from finland where they said that fins were feeding them dogfood and showed plates of porridge . 
  that 's when i went `` heyyyyy ... wait a second , i eat that ` dog food ' for breakfast : ( '', 
  this is near onion news worthy . 
  something about a battleship visiting a tiny nation and getting angry for `` spreading '' a propaganda instead of b propaganda just tickles my brain in the right way , certain amount of irony in this for sure . 
  well you would n't be getting your name if your family got their name by getting killed by turks . 
  i 'm fine with this , we can bunk with baltics and nordics . 
  i do want a cooler spacier name though . 
  like `` united europa '' or `` terra europa '' , or `` european confederate '' , something cool to write on space marine armor when we face off against aliens in cold war iv . 
  this picture makes for a great argument against the `` watchmaker analogy '' . 
  you would perceive design from seeing the picture . 
  shhh ... shut up , no one noticed the mistake that finland snuck us in . 
  but ... but ... you guys also have mandatory winter tires . 
  were there still people with no such things ? 
  i literally can run faster than 10km/h . 
  people would beat you with a stick in estonia if you slugged 10km/h . 
  i was annoyed that people were going 40km/h in a 50km/h zone . 
  oh i love this , time to use the handbreak in corners to feel extra cool while driving on secondary roads . 
  western coup that liberated nazis from prison ... in 1956 ... i love how russian . . err ... theories are beginning to sound like b movie plots . 
  stick nazis somewhere in there and you 're good to go !, 
  russia i thought you took a strong stand against re-writing ww2 history , why u do dis ? 
  allow me to write this here too . 
  as a estonian bring them in . 
  check the numbers of russian garrisons in the region and nato ones , the numbers are heavily in favor of russia so do n't fear the articles as they give the impression that russia ca n't match the military when in fact they are still dominant . 
  mostly it is solidarity battalions from different countries as it should be , smart politics . 
  this time nato is actually showing a good side . 
  solidarity and practical steps in garrison duty . 
  before it was just our airzone that was defended by danish , uk , polish etc jets . 
  now its also ground troops , so as a estonian i feel a little teary eyed . 
  we learned in school how the west sacrificed us after ww2 to appease su , this time you are taking steps to show were the border line is . 
  in the end this is just a little cockblocking action by both regions but politically it sends a message that nato is strong enough and there is at least some solidarity between nato members . 
  so no war but smart enough step to politically show strength and russia understands strong politics . 
  if russia wants to annex part of ukraine and start playing this west vs east game do n't go weak , wait until power is changed after putin and allow it to cool down . 
  oh nice , quite a cool news piece actually and from bbc out of all places . 
  while there was a hint of irony as western media has shown bias , i do think russia is trying to solve their identity crisis . 
  as a estonian i can kind of relate seeing how our very own russian rooted population is struggling to find a place , some turn towards estonia , some try to keep up with russia in terms of culture/politics , some go for a sweet spot of grabbing best of both worlds . 
  have heard of those `` us is doing this '' people , even estonians . 
  western ideals did n't really work that much in russia as their economy stagnated post soviet collapse or at least due to size of russia , did n't take off fast enough . 
  so to try something different is a good step . 
  putin is a `` good '' leader , he might have created an oligarchy for his own people and put something on the side for himself , but the governing side is efficient and fast , russia has economically grown due to a strong leader . 
  problems i find myself asking is why and what next ? 
  why go into this conflict with the west now ? 
  was russia strong enough ? 
  currently with population decline and economic struggles i do n't see it was a wise choice . 
  us is unaffected , europe is struggling but it more or less comes down to `` economic growth smaller '' . 
  russia has reserves but if the numbers are correct they are slowly eating into their ` use if needed ' safety funds . 
  also i am dying to wait what happens after putin , he probably has like ~ 10 years left career wise but 2 years left in cabinet , will they again do the switcharoo of medved as president for a term and let putin end with a 6 year run until health problems ? 
  also who then ? 
  medved ? 
  i do n't currently see him as strong as putin but perhaps they will build him up in the mean time , there is time left . 
  oh those young people were actually cool , capitalism and opportunity seem like good answers and western younglings do n't watch tv that much either . 
  its online media that everyone consumes now and that is much harder to control . 
  ... uhhh ... title blindness strikes me again . 
  you are right , the map is right then . 
  technically this is wrong . 
  putin has been in estonia on several occasions , as a government worker for soviet union and as a kgb agent in narva ( afaik ) . 
  well again technically estonian land . 
  so if you ask has putin ever been on the lands of current estonia then the answer is yes . 
  but as a president on an official visit then no . 
  * oh who is this rosenberg guy * * googles * * oh ... *, 
  i 'm fine with this . 
  you can now get a 2 for 1 deal of sugar and vodka !, 
  they should set one price a little lower and enjoy the drama that would come of it . 
  is this the mother queen latvian with all the baby latvian eggs where latvians are born from ? 
  i can relate .
