  estonia ( when the funds where high ) had a silly problem of their own . 
  we could not spend/take out all the money given to us by eu . 
  the short explanation is there is/was a lot of red tape and a lot of companies had trouble making claims to that support fund , meaning filling the documentation correctly , getting through the law etc. 
  we even had special lawyers propping up who helped medium/smaller companies fill it all out to make practical claims coincide with the legal side . 
  have n't read about it in a while though so the process must of been improved or the funding and/or requests has shrinked . 
  so i can see why this might of been going on but on the other hand if it is true , such processing is obviously stupid and wrong . 
  more regulations to get further money from eu probably , more eyes on latvia . 
  this might not be as great and as goosebumpy but its still really great considering civ 5 had quite a weak theme . 
  i always felt like the `` cop out '' word for nationalism was patriotism . 
  kind of carries the same notion with no negative connotations . 
  so tin could of used that , patriotic and anthemic song . 
  estonia only 9th ? 
  pff please ... 
  i know for a fact we are much higher , actually top 3 . 
  just behind austria and switzerland . 
  well it is n't only estonia where parties are quite widespread in terms of platform . 
  looking at you lithuanian liberal conservative christian democrat party ... i mean talk about a mouthful . 
  hey everything is f ` ed anyway . 
  britain leaving eu , ukraine war , syrian/afghan refugees in europe , isis standoff and terror war , middle east playing dilly dally with politics of their own . 
  strong arm politics is n't something out of place in current times . 
  at least this time i am pretty sure the supposed guns from us to ukraine would be used on their own territory . 
  stalin basically considered russia as a company or a rts game and just grouped a bunch of resources and ordered them to locate to another base . 
  then afaik it was n't a crime against humanity but deporting of this kind now is . 
  i mean you take someones home/life/friends etc , their whole environment and force them to restart on the other side of earth . 
  then again this actually did boost russia from a crop farming country to an industrial power as they were simply forced to relocate and work for the factories . 
  all important land was nationalized so no one owned anything anymore . 
  in turn this was probably the number one factor why stalin beat germany and hitler . 
  no one in their right mind would predict russia to build itself up so fast at the cost of their own peoples lives . 
  hitler himself could n't believe how russia had factories that were the size of entire towns . 
  they did n't call him the man of steel for nothing . 
  oh wow , wonder why it was the correct time to do this now or if they really only now could push the bill through . 
  kind of another step toward a standoff with russia . 
  i 'm just glad us supports ukraine , better late than never . 
  i believe in a thing called love [ . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08odxnrmrz8 ), 
  after moldova it will be alaska : e, 
  there is a libary bus stop near a park near my house with an actual sign for the bus with the info of when it stops . 
  and my shit and piss is n't ? 
  i hate these cis gendered fish . 
  does this huge collection go above the number 2 ? 
  `` hjelo comrade latvian , do jou hav nazi bastards in your village ? '', 
  `` ohh jaaa , ve haav lots of nazis !, 
  only my family has many , i love my nazis '', 
  i would guess it would just be a bracket between nato and countries own forces . 
  afaik the current problem is that whenever there is a hotspot european countries will take a bloody long time to decide who helps what and who 's support can be counted on . 
  so a common `` yes '' `` no '' `` x many troops to commit '' answer from a common pool with no red tape for miles is somewhat of a beginning . 
  as for money ... who knows who will pay for it or how the budget would be ( re ) structured . 
  i also doubt anyone would be willing to commit over 2 % . 
  there is trouble even with that 2 % . 
  so what you are saying is that eu needs a strong navy and sink britain ? 
  build em up young and hope for the best . 
  i do n't think latvia has a complex for age , you can be a good minister and learn the position at a younger age . 
  also i would think it somewhat avoids corruption as a changing and new workforce avoids people getting comfy in their positions . 
  sad to see people pass before 50 when it should be at least 70 in europe . 
  tragic event of things though . 
  try to suicide , fail , get face gnawed off and after multiple operations from the transplant get cancer and succumb to it . 
  then again from another point of view these kinds of stories happen everyday , maybe not to this extreme but people do try to suicide and do die off cancer . 
  so at least she will go down in history as the first patient to get a face transplant . 
  was there a game on maybe ? 
  putin called up his buddy and they watched some matches with a couple of bruskies . 
  til vikings sent their dead into the sun . 
  i do get the `` russian '' side as it ironically seems rude that we seem like spoiled kids as their newly ( re ) conquered areas were funded/built on the backs of their own suffering population . 
  also at least the baltics got to be one of the most developed fringe areas of the newly added territories , so that 's partly why we had a better recovery rate . 
  i 'm not familiar with other areas as intimately . 
  but the difference is we really didn \u00b4 t want to be apart of it as most were doing fine without the union . 
  but we had schools and hospitals before soviet times , we also have since built new schools and hospitals ... soviets don \u00b4 t have the monopoly on school and hospital building , its not like estonians would of sat in their rooms going `` oh well , we don \u00b4 t build anything for 70 years '' if the soviets hadn \u00b4 t come , the economy was still majorly undeveloped thanks to them . 
  ooooh sorry , didn \u00b4 t know it was latin as `` per say '' made perfect sense . 
  like `` word by word '' or `` subject by subject '' . 
  fun fact : if you write per se together it means a rude word in estonian . 
  as if during those 70 years estonia would not have renovated/built roads , buildings and factories themselves . 
  as you said our country got fine before and would of continued to develop at our own pace . 
  : ) it is true though that soviets did put money into us as even tallinn expanded due to those soviet block buildings by 50 % . 
  its just that , we expanded due to the demand moscow needed , not what was the best for the estonian people/region per ~ ~ say ~ ~ se . 
  still bygones are bygones and we need to play with the hand that we are dealt . 
  because they are ... french . 
  it has worked for russia since ... ever . 
  russia has eaten small areas of landmass for quite some time now . 
  this is kind of crazy when thinking about it . 
  their nation is around 143million and they are supporting areas of their enclaves to carve up more land . 
  that \u00b4 s like if france and italy for example ( about ~ 140 million pop together ) started looking over their people enclaves and supporting them and then going globally `` well they wanted to join , what gives us the right to stop them ? 
  more so when we benefit '' when pieces of population revolted from other nations . 
  we have ourselves to thank though since these are probably going to be viewed as part of a larger ww1 ripple effect in future history . 
  we still can \u00b4 t agree upon borders . 
  just as thing were about to be cool as ice in the 21st century russia went `` hang on a minute !, 
  this is probably our last change to reclaim back territory ! '', 
  and grabbed back crimea and other areas are under as this article puts it `` grey zone '' . 
  their explanation ? 
  `` if others want to do similar stuff they can ! '', 
  well played being basically the asshole in a separate lane trying to merge with the main lane because you feel like such a special snowflake as you should get special treatment . 
  i am sure there are plenty of european powers that have claims on each others territory . 
  germany probably has quite a lot taken but for obvious reasons they have no say . 
  i am sure poland , lithuania had some issues about towns . 
  i know estonia has a land area near petseri that is in question with russia , finland lost a whole lot of land that was by most reasoning of ethnicity , theirs . 
  spain , uk have some gripes . 
  the whole lot down the balkan areas are politically still throwing shit at each other for borders . 
  somehow everyone managed to keep their cool enough to not actually do anything but noooo ... russia is special . 
  : d i guess our eyes won \u00b4 t see a century when europe didn \u00b4 t have land from one nation get annexed into another nation . 
  lets cross our fingers for the 22 . century . 
  steal ur jubs and anything other not bolted to the ground . 
  yeah its probably need/demand kind of thing .
