  i sit in the middle of an empty room and procrastinate . 
  that mushroom soup sounds awfully jummy . 
  well soviet mindset to the maximum . 
  letting westerners know that there are people desperate enough to even get bananas makes the union seem weak . 
  similar to any event in modern world but again russian olympics come to mind where the main focus became some unfinished hotels and not the event itself . 
  countries actually still do this . 
  i remember some years ago when obama came here , the street he passed , our government had huge trees planted in front of one side because a big mall was expanding and the construction site looked ugly . 
  a street that he probably drove like 5-10 seconds past and maybe did n't even look . 
  i guess paet speaking is not a thing . 
  err ... ever heard of the russian civil war ? 
  a lot of these people were resisting the other side ... `` did n't agree to get mobilized '' thats like the well known estonian tourist joke about deportations `` you were getting forcefully deported?why did n't you call the police ? '', 
  its easier said than done when that `` did n't agree '' part was a empire wide war . 
  later obviously most of the white forces were either killed , jailed or simply silenced . 
  `` russia '' did n't attack . 
  estonia was controlled by russia at that time and we more or less finally managed to rebell . 
  russia had a civil war and many regions used that time to finally take their chance against a weak empire . 
  we actually had some of `` these russians '' , white empire russians fight on the side of estonians trying to probably keep some part of their empire under control . 
  the biggest annoyance for me is that the storm blows through the ventilation and slightly nudges the bathroom door so i hear this constant `` clunk-clunk-clunk '' . 
  had to hinge a towel to stop this . 
  i remember reading an old newspaper posted online how finland was going `` what the hell estonia !? '', 
  when we got annexed and the coastal batteries were directed toward the finnish coast during ww2 instead of the russian military ports . 
  this article has stayed with me how finland basically lost every friend on all directions . 
  sweden also did n't give the support they could of . 
  nevermind the rest of europe . 
  well you did manage to beat the ussr and what a wonderful lesson it was for the soviets . 
  the one that got away . 
  that one sore spot that everyone can always point out that the soviets were n't that nice either . 
  if finland lost the history books probably would of been written in another way and downplayed this event , grouped up with the rest of the mrp agreement countries . 
  welcome to our side of the russian media , we have small cakes and cookies and enjoy the show . 
  this is how rt spins their stuff , sometimes outright lies . 
  we for example have `` nazi honoring military drills '' , used to be a annual rt article . 
  do n't think they sadly posted it this year or i missed it . 
  they always approached from a new angle . 
  true , the other 100 are russian spies pretending to be estonski parjen with estonian ip and flag . 
  you see joey , politburo is still strong in mother baltic !, 
  a guy i knew used to listen to the radio while he worked . 
  it was a bigger portable one with better signal range . 
  it was a little battered from a couple of drops so he had to macgyver it together with tape along the way . 
  one time his boss called shouting about a situation , a bomb squad and how he was the suspect . 
  apparently his lunch break was a little too long and some calls got made about a suspected planted bomb . 
  it was not a bomb , it was a taped up radio , he got in trouble as people are so ... well everything is a bomb if you are brave enough . 
  are n't these near max capacity anyway ? 
  i mean people already look for cheaper options to park , be it a mall or a private parking lot . 
  they already have a monopoly more or less , this is like overkill . 
  ... sapkowski 's witcher series ... 
  this , oh gawd this !, 
  a very dickish move for a very old problem of parking . 
  soon you will have to pay more for parking hourly than you can literally earn . 
  a lot of other services like cheaper restoraunts or entry tickets to places are cheaper than parking for one hour already ... i mean something is idiotically backward in this logic . 
  its like the mayor going `` oh what a brilliant idea i have , lets hike the prices so high that only the rich can park - no more cars at all in downtown ! '', 
  as that one latvian once said . 
  we are baltics , hear us `` meow ! '', 
  apparently helsinki is at the bottom tip of greenland . 
  i think you were trying to buy them from this guy right ? 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyyw8s7uyru ), 
  i just had a light banter with a few , how finally estonians can go `` dei tuk ur juuubs ! '', 
  we sure do have our share of backward and/or traditional people who like to share their opinions on different colored people into their face if needed . 
  even some people i have talked to seemingly trigger the racist alarm bell in my head . 
  the way they talk about blacks or immigrants is a little ... stupidly black and white ( no pun intended ) . 
  i get their concerns but a working soldier is no way someone you should be mad about being there . 
  that reminds me how local estonian russians approach this from another angle with car stickers about `` suck my dick , us soldier '' being on their windows . 
  haters be hating and only time i guess will make people more tolerant , each generation . 
  the ones in 40s might even be too late , some in late 20s , 30s also might be too ... traditional . 
  this is something some eastern european countries did n't go through . 
  like `` puberty '' for a country . 
  they did n't get rid of their economic mafia and traditions of bribes . 
  estonia itself in the 90-95 had so called `` mafia wars '' of people battling those people who crammed as much property/money after the ussr collapsed . 
  people got shot , murdered and being a policeman was quite dangerous . 
  now the only corruption is `` thankfully '' politicians as you would expect and due to envy of others getting more than they , they are ratted out or at least the sniff of corruption gets in someones nose . 
  so far no , not that we would know but i guess it could be categorized under `` corruption '' if any inner foul play takes place or some information leaks . 
  i actually lost my id card recently , probably fell out of my pocket . 
  all that happened is someone messaged me on facebook that they found it on the street but i had already closed my card and got another one . 
  there is a common pin/puk security if someone manages to get your card , after they guess 3 time wrong they have to enter the puk and if they get that wrong the card locks . 
  don \u00b4 t know how easy would be to hack the chip itself but they do use 2 way ... whats the it term , well basically a two way `` key '' with one part on the chip and the other part in government servers to verify each other so its harder to counterfeit as the keys would n't be in the server . 
  but it is recommended to close the card immediately as it possibly could be used for ill intent . 
  there are other security hurdles like constant updates for one , the software basically gives no time for people to hack it as it constantly has you downloading newer versions of it just for the sake of changing something . 
  the most believable security risks i read about so far is either : a ) the software gets trojaned , zombied from my side , overtaken so my clicks become someone elses clicks . 
  b ) the software gets trojaned from the government side where apparently one computer is the vote counter among other things . 
  i \u00b4 m not familiar with david brins material but i guess it goes for the similar point of `` the more information we give to our government the more the government can control and monitors us or whoever gets access '' idea that people generally bring up . 
  i would say currently this information isn \u00b4 t important enough that the government has on us . 
  even if some more vivid scenarios of someone changing everyones bloodgroup would probably be tracked after checking change history or seeing how suddenly people started dying due to wrong tranfusions and that scenario would be doable without our system . 
  the system lets us see who checks up on us so if some cop logs in to check our information we know about it so low level foul play is taken care off . 
  if the government itself is corrupt or some part of it then it is a general problem , i mean stealing millions/information on or offline is both ways bad . 
  ___________________________ so in conclusion if you gave some specific questions i would be able to answer better , more honed in . 
  currently i just gave you an overall `` uhhh ... so far nuthin ! '', 
  kind of response . 
  i do feel that big foul play has a big enough smoke track that it would be seen . 
  like totally changing election results . 
  ( again mirrors offline corruption of ballot faking , `` dead '' voting etc ) , as we still would have pre-elections or across country polls on probable voters . 
  basically distant family with both the positive and negative connotations . 
  we kind of know we should know each other but the information is often dated and minimal , we know close family ( eg neighbors ) but others its all blurred together from snippets of hearing something here and there . 
  in a more poetical sense it means a culture sphere , a place you can more or less feel comfortable and belong . 
  a political entity , a `` tag '' of sorts . 
  also a common sense of a wider `` were in it together '' idea , for the good and bad times . 
  digital id is a really simple idea and it is easy to see what makes it great . 
  basically government communication online with digital signatures . 
  in other words `` don \u00b4 t need to come in person , that digital document you sent is trusted enough and can be sent in 1 minute from your home instead of coming and waiting in line '' . 
  it has very practical daily use . 
  you have 1 card for everything important . 
  from signing into your bank account to getting a doctors appointment to other once in a year tasks you might do with the government but still annoy you ( tax reports being most common one of them ) or perhaps you bought a car , no need to come into the office , simply send away your papers with your digital signature .
