  we should meet in braavos, 
  although basically a `` we got conquered ! '', 
  name for local plebs as estonians are terra mariana sounds freaking awesome . 
  estonians actually use terra mariana quite commonly although it 's translated . 
  terra mariana or maarjamaa , same meaning but terra mariana sounds like ... awesome . 
  so 3 gibberish languages and 1 normal one on the package ? 
  i 'm proud that estonians managed to be the neutrals with a near perfect division of percentages . 
  33 % 36 % 31 % also is greece 52 % on agree ? 
  yup i just wish they somehow structured it a little better . 
  like kind of a course to take place alongside school to hone in some truths and then a smaller mandatory 3-5 month period of actual `` endurance '' training . 
  then again talking is always easier . 
  the system , as cringe worthy as it might sound , works at some level . 
  but yeah , on the whole that is the obvious reason . 
  most logical and cost efficient method of holding a defense force with enough punch to stop easy takeovers , at least big enough to get political messages across of any meddling in our countries affairs if it comes to some form of warfare . 
  very true and it is the same coin on a different side . 
  time really is money . 
  we either `` pay '' by time or would work , pay more taxes to afford a better professional army . 
  well yes , afaik it provides it in a more relaxed pace as some that go through sbk are estonian equivalent of `` boy scouts '' . 
  still they are not in the same mood as a person going into service for 8 to 11 months . 
  there is a difference to something you have to be a `` mandatory volunteer '' and simply of your own choosing . 
  all of the army branches , heck internationally , there is one famous army motto `` everyone always volunteers '' . 
  no one forces you to do anything , its just that everyone has to volunteer always . 
  ah ok they are from kaitseliit , citizens paramilitary . 
  still not exactly first time conscripts . 
  yes it is 8 to 11 months and you can `` choose '' when to attend in terms of the ages from 18 to 27 but it ruins more than 8 to 11 months . 
  firstly it splits friends and puts you a year back who do n't attend . 
  secondly if you opt for extension and try to go through some higher education you sometimes develop your own life with commitments . 
  again you miss one year . 
  often people have to still pay their fees as the rent does n't pay itself . 
  that money again is earned previous to this period and later puts you back again 1 year . 
  ( more so needed at the early twenties , late teens when you often are called to the service ) it certainly is more than the `` oh its only 8 to 11 months '' story . 
  usually more like 3 years that get affected . 
  more so part of that 8 to 11 months is more or less mandatory `` learn to do nothing '' business . 
  some even have to work on their short vacation days . 
  it kind of screws up the pacing that other people in europe might not have to worry about . 
  also women in estonia for example do n't have to deal with such issues . 
  it has its reasons like again giving us an extra layer of protection thanks to a trained population but other benefits often attributed to the service are temporary and can be acquired by other means . 
  it is a little bit of a broken system built up on ideas of the past . 
  source : been through it , enjoyed the company and learned how to survive , pew-pew at others but other than that ... i simply see it as necessary evil i had to give for my country . 
  lets hope i do n't get called for war some time in the future . 
  i do find it a little ironic that most of the smiling face are ~ ~ seemingly people working in the army ~ ~ members of the national guard and not recruits , as they seem to be mostly older people . 
  i for one understand the lithuanians . 
  in a modern society we should not give one of our prime years to serving our country . 
  i also understand why we do this , kind of our cheap solution to having a sizable force to deter any would-be threats from udija . 
  illuminati confirmed , triangle coin !, 
  i would like to also have puzzle piece shaped coins and lego shaped coins . 
  having some heavy equipment compared to none and having more equipment to some , in this case the bigger change is going from none to some . 
  so i 'm happy with the change of having a symbolic force , i do n't care if russia brings more stuff on the border region . 
  if it suited them they would bring it anyway , laws or no laws , agreements or no agreements . 
  another great thing is how `` lol '' is very similar to `` loll '' in estonian so if anyone does n't know the lingo might think it stands for `` stupid/dumb '' . 
  for some reason unknown to me , my sister and i started using it among family gatherings and once my mother very seriously asked in one such occasion `` why are you always calling me dumb after i make any jokes ? '', 
  she literally thought we were lambasting her jokes out in the open , what arsehole kids we seemed to be . 
  laughing/grinning in her face while saying `` dumbass '' . 
  well if the eurozone became more flexible or ironically more strict in monitoring some nations i would n't have a problem with it . 
  if the question is more about the overall sentimental value then i would say i miss it a lot less than i thought . 
  probably the major reasoning is 99 % of my transactions are done by card . 
  i do n't even feel if i 'm using eur or eek . 
  i am a total fan of the different coins though . 
  freaking amazing . 
  also while the prices rose its now a lot easier to differentiate prices . 
  after all our eek was 17 lower denomination so its easier to grasp lower numbers than higher ones in price range . 
  i still remember when i went to hungary as a kid and payed in forints ( 0.0032 eur value ) . 
  a small candy bar was like 523 , next one 621 . 
  if a candy bar costs 0.4 eur or 0.5 eur you do n't have to do a double take on prices . 
  breaking news , this just in !, 
  a coalition made up of morocco , fiji and pakistan declared total war on japan , netherlands and germany !, 
  in other news women are going crazy in morocco for the remaining 6 % of men that remained in the country . 
  uuuuh is n't everything `` random '' and `` local '' to some place ? 
  its up to us , the subs of europe to either vote up or down articles ... 
  well lets be honest and say this is n't exactly a similar situation . 
  every country in europe already has a `` bypass '' or in this case , some kind of monetary strategy . 
  now they have to decide if a slower lane or a faster lane is suitable . 
  both are valid options as one is more risky and gets results as the other is probably more strict but a solid curve . 
  well the solution is that a `` one fits all '' does n't really work within the current situations . 
  instead a two step program of sorts . 
  try to get everyone into two sizes is a lot easier than trying to fit everyone into a one size . 
  then once everyone is in one of two sizes its easier to start making precise programs to get these two to merge . 
  currently its a whole mess of everyone trying to get to one model de jure but de facto they are struggling and bringing others down . 
  low growth etc. 
  this just in !, 
  theresa may has published a list of banned things : [ official speech of hers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33o32c0ogvm ), 
  i remember during the crisis our capital more or less `` made up '' jobs for some people . 
  i mean they were realistic jobs but not that crucial . 
  so for some years ( 2 ? ), 
  we had `` travel companions '' in more or less every public bus who 's job was to keep order and help carriages to get off and on buses . 
  also we had people who stood next to paraplegic elevators waiting for the 0,1 % chance of someone to ride that specific elevator on that day . 
  in practice most of the bus helpers did n't actually need to do anything as everything was in order and people helped themselves so they sat and rode all day in a bus and the paraplegic helpers also simply stood/sat and counted the hours as we do n't have that many wheel chaired movers on a daily basis in certain areas . 
  always reminds me of foreign countries with a large population , where they kind of `` waste '' peoples potential . 
  i have seen convenient stores with like 4 people on one line . 
  2 ` beep ' items , 2 pack your stuff . 
  oh wow people quote hitchens on reddit and it gets upvotes ? 
  i am so happy right now . 
  it was basically a weak attempt by the dpr to justify their offense . 
  so far they have played the defense card but once you are on the offense you really ca n't say `` oh we are ... ummm defending '' so instead they did the only thing they could , claim that ukraine was on the offense when in reality ukrainian positions are being attacked upon . 
  for that they said that `` ukraine is just abandoning '' their positions . 
  i wonder why right ? 
  its all morbidly silly . 
  oh god it makes so much sense , germans really were grammar nazis . 
  interesting . 
  i wonder if those 4 % are mostly orthodox russians ?
