  :d some were repressed , some did escape , some jailed , some tortured , some killed , some bought . 
  i also remember reading how from the finnish side mannerheim turned to booze and wanted to quit the position as army commander on several times . 
  also how weak the finnish line actually was , i believe in first contact some of the line even went full retreat as the soviet numbers were too menacing . 
  oh and how the entire front was on their final rations and about to fall ( and a little split in the middle as soviets managed a bridgehead ) until they managed to secure a cease fire deal with soviets . 
  some countries in europe managed to come out of the war quite unscaved , sweden , swizz , portugal etc. 
  so neutrality did work for some . 
  besides baltic state people fought on 3 sides , even more actually . 
  1 ) forest brothers or inner resistance , not all who were forest brothers fought ( some were refugees hiding in forests from various regimes ) but a percentage did fight as guerillas 2 ) german side , this was seemed more humane as germans used the animosity against the first offender ( soviets ) to its advantage and used a velvet glove when occupying . 
  most were still concripted forcefully or semi forcefully 3 ) soviet side , soviets also used concription and tens of thousands fought in the army . 
  baltic people were often not trusted to fight near their own homeland though as they might try to escape the army or get conflicted views assaulting their own cities . 
  4 ) refugees sometimes formed batallions in foreign countries to fight from other allied sides . 
  i am more familiar with estonians in finland who had few squads and formed undercover operations even in estonian territories . 
  russian media is a strong force to make it seem as `` baltics joined nazis '' when in fact we chose freedom in form of neutrality as our own state , that sure as hell did n't work getting occupied by both germans and soviets . 
  a nice fact to always remember foreigners is that in our first independence war we did n't just fight the russian army , we also fought a considerable amount of germans , baltic germans in this case . 
  so it was a. . . again ... a 4 or 5 way battle . 
  local baltic state populations , baltic germans , then white russians ( who were mostly on the side of local baltics ) , red communist russians and then other baltic helpers from western europe . 
  another lesson to remember is how finland `` chose '' to friend germany , after they got assaulted by soviets and the rest of europe decided not to react in a meaningful way during the winter war . 
  so seemingly this black and white history that russian media is trying to force down throats sometimes works . 
  why would you want to talk to a stranger ? ... 
  stranger danger !, 
  well with sex you can create more family . 
  after a while you would n't notice if one or two died due to gun violence . 
  they probs thought unaffiliated was like `` i am so close to god that i do n't need church nor lamestream religion '', 
  tshhhh ... they provided a service in form of a ftp server . 
  they had admins `` regulary checking '' for illegal material . 
  this guy !, 
  : ) his the jeremy clarkson of chemistry . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but was n't the main `` battle '' in some sort of city square ( were the 51 year old got seriosuly damaged ) ? 
  if that was it i am pretty sure it was the russian ultras that ran up to the english bars . 
  i have checked out russian biased outlets as is rt and have n't seen any other videos , or ones were it can be seen as english fans being the attackers . 
  again i am not saying that both sides exchanged words/chairs etc but so far i have n't seen any more ` famous ' videos of the event . 
  also in the stadium it was the british side that got invaded , not the other way around . 
  what i have gathered is that the cream of the crop of russian ultras managed to get to france and this small group is causing all the fuzz . 
  i am sure most russian fans as english are normal folk . 
  oh come on ... those names are pretty cool . 
  better then ` mission 0322213 ' . 
  our best chains in terms of quality/pricerange probably are rimi , selver and prisma . 
  one of my nearby prisma stores has it inside the store front , amazingly its the least smelling places of them all . 
  probably take extra measures to make it clean but also because the machines are under client/clerck eyes that no one really does anything wrong ( like spilling liquid on the floor ) to mess it up . 
  it depends on the maxima , quality is quite different . 
  some 1 star maximas are like ` snusfiend ' said , cashiers speak little estonian and the store feels crowded with goods with small space to manouver . 
  2-3 star maximas are a whole other story ( even some 1 stars ) . 
  well the cheap ones at markets are currently `` 3.5 $ -4.5 $ '' , at store i have n't looked but prob around 10-5 $ i would presume . 
  mentality in terms of introversion and culture , love for casual beer , close by capital cities ( so a lot of travel between the two populations ) , helping each other in our independence wars , also plenty of families have some family member roots in finland ( or sweden , german , russia ) besides estonia . 
  dunno , also language does play a role . 
  cultures assimilate who use common languages . 
  we do n't anymore but at one point in history we did . 
  i think we are most common with andorra , we know their heavy burden of how it is to lose at football to everyone . 
  well the usual stuff . 
  - `` eastern europeans '' - `` you guys are slavic ? '', 
  - `` you guys are baltic ? '', 
  - `` you guys nazi ? '', 
  - `` you guys are mongoloids '' - `` your state was created artificially as a buffer '' - `` you got your independence in 1991 '' etc lots of ways to piss off estonians , we go home grumpy and yell inwards into our atheistic souls . 
  thomas henry elvis, 
  italy sent this song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6hz3mxthyi still to this day i remember it now and again , i loved it . 
  camp or not , guilty pleasure . 
  entertainment for masses , it 's fun and cheesy but for all the right reasons , it does n't take itself too seriously and is a good platform for making european `` pop stars '' . 
  the ` behind the scenes ' idea that for once european people are united behind one show is a nice afterthought . 
  the way countries greet each other and give points also gives a nice `` face '' to the europe concept . 
  so it feels like a family reunion you do n't really want to go to but you are dragged into it and at the end of the night you are kind of glad you did n't miss it . 
  practically it usually means either not watching it , watching it for the humor from the local commentators mildly offending everyone or putting it as a `` backdrop '' and doing something else . 
  also here and there you might get some good artists and songs from year to year that stay with you so that 's nice . 
  locally it kind of feels like a olympic sport for music , each year startup and established artists compete for the spot to represent and often the songs not chosen get quite popular and are better for the local market so it kind of `` mass produces '' songs that are sometimes quite good . 
  so it witholds the ` american idol ' effect altough we have that show in local format here too , but it feels like a step up from idol . 
  quick !, 
  someone contact the italian embassy to translate this maffioso language, 
  do the horses become criminals ? 
  `` the what-what ? 
  estonia ? 
  some kind of drink ? 
  never heard of it . '', 
  that 's like the same if the queen had said the f word right ? 
  surely the world cup is the most watched non-sport event ? 
  saimaannorppa ... the hell kind of kiddy widdy worpa dorpa korpa language is saimaannorppa . 
  i 'm 189 and i feel taller than most here . 
  if there are younger gen people around on average they are taller than me or pretty similar height wise . 
  also at 189 i find it the near ideal height in terms of fitting into and/or over stuff . 
  i might want to be like +5 -6 cm taller but that would be it . 
  i do n't know but [ this guy ] ( http://www.engineering.lancs.ac.uk/lancaster-racing/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/james-may-h-s.jpg ) maybe knows . 
  adam west , max steel , max payne , donny danger ... i would go for some international name . 
  feels more edgy . 
  or something strong , graceful from estonian that sends positive messages like julge ( brave ) , tugev ( strong ) , luik ( swan ) , r\u00f5\u00f5mus ( happy ) etc and obviously danger would be my middle name . 
  same , i would of been so dissapointed . 
  well that is quite ... normal . 
  i mean even in us people use horses as work animals on some farms , afaik . 
  not every farm needs a machine when one horse can do many jobs . 
  this graphic is probably mixed up with the graph telling us the average speeds of bmw drivers per country . 
  but but some turks are dutch or german citizens ... o _ o, 
  this should become common courtesy . 
  like some sweet rolls and some tea or coffee . 
  due to work i once visited 3 places in a row where they offered free coffee and i felt like i was the prince of some country getting warm drinks offered to me from one stop to the next . 
  also at that time our gas stations ran a `` fill this much and get a free cup '' kind of deal so make it 4 . 
  best normal day of my life . 
  my comment was meant to be a joke , it obviously failed . 
  oh wow -8 in the morning , the comment was supposed to be a obvious joke about how capitalism is `` best '' and soviet times people think were very backward . 
  ( which is true but people still lived on a `` western quality of life '' standard with less goods ), 
  so soviet times and post soviet capitalism ? 
  yes but the joke would n't of worked as well . 
  i 'm a pepsi man myself . 
  and it still tastes better than pepsi .
