  i know fully well it is a bad term to use . 
  and truth be told if you said french shop i would n't think the owner to be french just as if i got to some chinese restaurant i would n't expect the cooks/owners/servers to be chinese . 
  that is the thing the connotation is there though , i get that . 
  linguistically i would say `` french shop '' as `` shop if france '' is very clumsy to say with that extra `` if '' . 
  if finland is the beat up drunkard i fear to guess what estonia is on this scale . 
  a retarded second cousin ? 
  germans had more slave/prison/death camps . 
  to distinguish areas you have to specify so `` polish death camps '' specifically became a thing as they had the most infamous ones built there by nazis . 
  due to how lingustics work when bringing examples of death camps people always referred to the most famous ones and thus referred to them still as `` polish death camps '' . 
  so tldr they were a subterm for german death camps but as their camps were too infamous people always referred to them and forgot about the other areas , so the subterm became more popular to use - there was a word if this happens but i forgot what it was . 
  i as a estonian also get triggered in similar fashion , russia always likes to bring up the fact that estonia became juden frei during ww2 nazi occupation to subliminally make it seem like estonians happily helped them murder them . 
  they always forget to mention that just before the nazi occupation 75 % of our jewish population escaped and about a 1000 left were killed , so it was more to do with the nazis coming and not estonians wishing to kill everyone off as again most were sent their merry way to a safer country for the time being . 
  this is like a streamlined version of what everyone is doing anyway . 
  every country tries to somewhat influence their neighbors or partners to pick the candidate that suits them or at least has favorites . 
  russia apparently has worked out a factory version of this plan . 
  a couple of thousand bot nets , a couple of thousand spun comments and let the influence start flowing . 
  also use of confidential mails . 
  today while at a lunchline the last piece of pie was taken infront of me . 
  please europe send help , i am starving . 
  . #revolution #dieforpie #estoniastarving #sendfood #euconpiracy #firstthepiethenbreadandwater, 
  lets see : - current cabinet who seems to be `` our collective trump '' trying to change stuff up . 
  first time in a long time our coalition was n't majority center-right democrats and the new government kind of went in all guns blazing trying to reform stuff . 
  it must be said that they are simply proposing ideas and thankfully most have been `` open to the public '' so to speak so peoples general opinion is taken into account and nothing bad so far has come of it . 
  still even seeing these ideas made me start checking local news again . 
  before it was on `` automated '' as i trusted our second to last pm and his vision . 
  - that we are seemingly slowly losing the economic race to lithuania and latvia in the long run if predictions are to be trusted . 
  - standstill in economy , we are n't going nowhere and we have n't yet found our niche in economy . 
  - the whole economy ladder situation in general , we are at the place in economy that we do n't see that much support , our prices are slowly starting to match our western ones but our wages are still quite low tbh . 
  my generation kind of got f ` ed , a world economic collapse ( thanks wallstreet ) , russian trade embargo eg again slow growth ( for good reasons ) and overall situation of becoming `` developed '' so we pretty much have the weight of our economy on us . 
  - uncertainty of my own future , how much of the pension fond will be useful as again the government only recently proposed an idea to totally reform it . 
  like come on guys , this is the life of every future granny and grandpa you are talking about . 
  - i do hate that we have a large minority inside our country that you ca n't simply fix as they obviously do have their right to be different but such a stupid hand of cards faith has dealt our country , put around a quarter of the population inside your country that invaded your nation and ask to get along . 
  i mean it is the same irony for them also , live inside a country that was apart of a superpower only to now be first , second or third generation minority inside a tiny nation while your ancestors were the majority just a couple of decades ago . 
  i am talking in suprelatives , obviously individually very few alive today are directly responsible for past events but the historic context and embedding of ancestry and origins is different for a large percentage of the population . 
  in reality it means we have a lot of problems to deal with that we should n't have as a nation , narva being a big town and a very big russian majority is a good example . 
  it slows down progress having to fine tune laws and ideas for a larger audience . 
  the fact that we even have to learn russian is something major that affects our lives , not that an extra language is bad but looking back i might of wanted to learn english and instead of russian , swedish or german . 
  - also i would like a more metropolitan capital and a larger population . 
  oh jeebus , that became a wall of text mighty fast . 
  me too , it felt so logical . 
  like some news pieces or cameras might take a reverse shot or if someone had a reflection of the logo captured on camera ... 
  because it works . 
  three simple methods are working your brain here . 
  1 ) empty info spot , human brains do n't like empty so even if you hear bad info you take it in . 
  2 ) conspiracy theory , you automatically seek patterns and if even a bad alternative is given you get a second version embedded in your brain . 
  3 ) somewhat related , muddying the ground , even if you do n't believe it push out enough false news and the real news gets that much diluted . 
  it 's harder to see the real news as you ca n't fact check every piece yourself . 
  america needs to import some serious freedom to whichever organisation made this poll . 
  like freedom their whole company down . 
  i love the smell of freedom in the morning . 
  obviously this index is wrong as america has the best freedom , the most freedom , every other poll that tells otherwise is telling lies and is false indexing . 
  i love this meme . 
  this is something obvious that we never had . 
  glad we could agree upon a route , last i heard we could n't at the project was deemed to fail . 
  i wonder how this optimizes travel times and what trains they would like to implement . 
  we should have an awesome name , something in latin like - federatia union constutitonale kommunom of feira fassus, 
  congrats , you have the highest lowest mountainpeak in europe !, 
  this castle is historically famous for young bulgarian knights practicing city siege at the ages of 6 to 10 , dating back to early 12th century . 
  later this technique backfired as the knights simply jumped into the castle and died , also real sieges were n't as fun . 
  if evolution is correct how come we have trees and water and sun and everything else god made ? 
  check mate atheists !, 
  one of my childhood sitcoms . 
  never thought how well they made it all work . 
  deriving humor from an occupied france town during ww2 . 
  i really enjoyed every character in that series . 
  from rene to his mother-in-law . 
  from the secretly gay german officer to the undercover cop . 
  and lets not forget about the new guy of the mother-in-law . 
  it was light hearted and hectic . 
  it was `` dumb '' comedy but it did it well . 
  we also called it pretty much like that since ... ever . 
  `` t\u0161ehhi '' or ` czechi ' in english . 
  it 's also kind of confusing as `` tsehh '' is our `` factory work room '' or whatever the correct translation is , basically a work room so if someone says `` he went to the factory '' or `` he went to czech '' they pretty much sound alike . 
  uh besides the already pointed out auto industry . 
  there is an industry this already cuts into . 
  service . 
  specifically stores . 
  our store chains here rolled out massively with self service booths . 
  there are more such machines than there are normal cashiers in some stores . 
  it takes 1-2 people to man ~ 10 such machines rather than 10 people . 
  also usually just to help with people unfamiliar to these machines to work them , not as intensive as being infront of a cashier booth beeping things through , requiring you to focus constantly . 
  also fast food chains like mcdonalds now are going over to self service stations , in some stores only 1-2 people take `` manual '' orders , rest are in the kitchen serving the food . 
  so it kind of is already here . 
  `` thankfully '' so far our country has a lack of labor for low paying jobs so people are somewhat happy to cover these positions with machines . 
  oh also another industry that comes to mind , cleaning . 
  some offices have opted for roomba likes machines to clean carpets , floors instead of hiring a service in . 
  with ai it only replaces more , so far with little to no ai . 
  jobs are already being lost . 
  a solid program that allows people to use self service is enough to cause a job loss . 
  another thing comes to mind , delivery services , kind of similar to automated cars but some group has been testing delivering using small automated robots , kind of a reinforced box on wheels . 
  it is quite common in one area to already see these robots navigate the streets , usually some software tester/student ~ 50 meters behind eyeballing the robot . 
  oh and air delivery for lighter notes was supposed to be out soon , so drone flight delivery takes away certain jobs . 
  i do wonder how basic income will work . 
  well will simply `` tax '' robot use for companies and out of that tax just pay humans some money ? 
  kind of a. ... well you have to push it heavily through as it would be quite a tax to pull off . 
  getting free money from companies for people who do n't have anything to do with those companies . 
  ah so how much of the population is more or less f ` ed as the current antibiotics do n't work . 
  gotcha , thanks . 
  also what does the star mean ? 
  as icapica said it 's a complicated problem but then again imho ... not .
