  us/germans/swedes are `` richer '' and scarcer citizens coming to live in finland . 
  estonians are the european somalians coming for the cheap jobs . 
  also a lot more problems with estonians as there are quite a lot of estonians in finland , more so considering how small our population is . 
  wow cool , `` vald '' in estonian means rural municipality and is still a very actively used word . 
  i wonder how on earth did it come to us as usually `` governing words '' are loanwords here from somewhere . 
  killed ? 
  more like murdered !, 
  those poor reindeer , they had so much woodbark left to be nibbled upon . 
  uh ... because `` playing a slav '' is something everyone can do ? 
  all of hollywoods 90 \u00b4 s 00 \u00b4 s movies have been with all kinds of people `` playing slavs '' for one example ... that \u00b4 s probably why the stereotype became so prominent , that certain regional accent , adidas and leather jackets . 
  depends , we will still have a lot of soviet baggage for ... i would guess 50-100 years . 
  on the top of my mind : 1 ) buildings and entire city blocks , a lot of those soviet concrete city jungle houses , tallinn was expanded by like 50 % by those things . 
  so a lot of infrastructure around the country tbh . 
  2 ) economic difference , we still have a lot of catching up to do , portugal and greece are closeby but 70 years is 70 years , its hard to make it up in ~ 25 years , where the first 5 years you are even worse off than you were before as a fresh re-independent country . 
  3 ) mentality , some statistics still show us as what we were , ex-commie block , we perform usually as top 3 best in whatever category but we still are in that group . 
  last thing i viewed was something about female to male ratio in jobs , were we were top 2 when compared to old block countries . 
  4 ) nation itself , like it or not we have 1/3rd to 1/6th ( depends on your definition ) of russian first generation or second generation badly bubbled people here and it will take time to assimilate into a one united nation with common ideas . 
  some people have hammer and cycle flags with putin shirts ( unironic ) who speak no words of estonian while the other guy might be some former werchmaht fighter drafted into the army and still alive and kicking at 85 , such people i doubt will see eye to eye - ever . 
  i once drew a comparison of it being like a mild palestine/iran over here when the `` right '' people meet . 
  still having said that semi-bad stuff we do have made immense progress in 25 years . 
  a lot of right choice by our early politicians in terms of long term policies . 
  also closeness to rich countries like the nordic block is a very nice payoff . 
  more so the 0,5-1 ,5 h distance between helsinki and tallinn has allowed for fast idea exchange and a slight boost in catching up . 
  we have stagnated in recent years ( as has europe and somewhat sweden/finland ) but as such a small economy we can \u00b4 t expect to do well when other partners aren \u00b4 t. 
  still our `` bad '' currently is a small growth so it isn \u00b4 t technically that bad at all . 
  when we look at sweden or finland we cry out of our predicament , when we look at other soviet block countries we cry out of joy seeing we should not complain that much . 
  i believe we are somewhat half way still `` ex-soviet '' and half of something of a unique entity as estonia , baltic region , nordic partner , eu or whatever you want to call it . 
  do give a little historical backdrop 24th february 1918 , is the date when a independence manifest was published in the capital city of tallinn . 
  the actual de jure peace treaty of independence was in 2th february 1920 between soviets and estonia . 
  20th august 1991 is the day that estonian politicians declared `` estonia as a free independent state '' from again , you guessed it , soviets and started forming an assemble for a new constitution . 
  i guess we just like earlier de facto dates to celebrate our ( re ) independence . 
  our country still does covers of this song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jt5nwhrokyk, 
  uh ... obviously it wasn \u00b4 t just `` we sang an ... durr . . free now . . lol '' . 
  singing revolution as many terms just compiles an event with an easy to refer to term . 
  the root of the re-independence started thanks to many singing events that soviets allowed to keep the people \u00b4 happy enough \u00b4 , estonians gathered 100k-300k of their people there and sang songs that were denied , seeing there was no heavy crackdown by the powers of moscow everyone got more bold and saw hope of a re-independence , as people could wave estonian flags and sing songs about independence . 
  in 1980 we had a similar , smaller scale , event where during a football match propeller performed but were denied performance in end game . 
  a youth riot broke out that spread to tallinn center region . 
  again because censorship denied something and the soviet regime was partly blamed but it again showed that people were kind of being allowed to riot and moscow didn \u00b4 t really heavily crack down on such events . 
  politicians used these events as kind of `` independence polls '' and seeing how many are singing along , well even coming to such events was a good sign . 
  obviously the main deal was done by our politicians of that time that took the move , declared independence , seeked contacts from foreign people and played a `` nothing at all going on in estonia '' game with moscow . 
  this was the `` official official '' red line point where things hit the fan . 
  then the people were mobilized , toompea was fortified , tv tower and border points were blocked by human walls and everyone hoped for the best . 
  reading news of how soviets already sent tanks and shot up prague and how people were getting ran over by apc \u00b4 s in latvia . 
  thankfully moscow was cut at its head and no directive came to start anything at estonia . 
  the guys russia sent to estonia were mostly conscripts and facing an angry crowd of estonians , some with weapons , most angry at you is not what you would like to go against with arms or not . 
  so the start was still the singing stuff , the nitty gritty part was still boring agreements and basically going head first into the water hoping you survive . 
  i would guess a lot of us read the latvian one wrong . 
  this seems like some grand strategy game overlay . 
  `` sir !, 
  our people are only 78 % trustful of us , we need to have a trust of 80 % to attack latvia ! '', 
  `` the finnish have near max trust of their forces and are justifying a war goal against us ! '', 
  the `` trust '' is . . simply trust . 
  it is a simple term and up for the individual to define . 
  its like asking `` do you like apples ? '' . 
  trust for most probably is `` do you trust them in a war ? '', 
  as in will people fight , will they run , will the military fall down immediately etc etc. 
  as estonia has conscription most probably know the basic idea behind our defense force organisation so they `` trust '' them to carry out their duties during peace and war time . 
  i would also answer `` yes '' as i trust our military as an institution , i know what they stand for and how they operate . 
  they have their organisation structure solidly built up and they have shown no `` bad pr '' in terms of behavior . 
  so for what they are meant to do they have done it perfectly . 
  i would answer `` no '' if there was constant trouble in high command , if they started plotting against the politicians ( hello turkey false flag coup and other military coups in recent history ) as i like the current stable governments and ruling parties etc etc. 
  ahh i was in greece like a couple of years ago . 
  i thought it might of been `` fake greece '' . 
  what country was this made in ? 
  i have been to greece so i can confirm its true on their side . 
  so i bet it is so in germany also , marching to old warsongs when you get on a bus . 
  i 'd like to say that this is why we have representative governments . 
  why pm 's , presidents are elected by already elected members and not , popularity vote . 
  they know a bit better what the situation calls for . 
  such votes should have a bigger margin for `` error '' and a grey zone , at least the zone from 45-55 % or 40-60 % . 
  now the decision has tied uk into near 10 years of changes . 
  half a generation of backtracking more or less . 
  i am glad that we can experience in practice what this situation will bring . 
  at least the eu will feel more flexible and can see what losing a member will feel like . 
  then perhaps adding and removing members would be more ... mundane if the situation calls for it . 
  eu still needs to streamline its red tape , getting all the members to agree on key points takes sometimes years . 
  1 member less helps i guess . 
  well paint me red and call me the queen , you did it in a very strange manner . 
  uk politicians are slightly flip flopping it . 
  some of the politicians on the eu side simply stated that they wo n't be handing out benefits just because and that the brexit has to go into talks , not just willy nillying around with their vote without any de jure action . 
  still emotions are high and a day has n't passed , we should hold off starting ww3 for now . 
  i would go for a risky `` it was raining , i did n't vote '' shirt just for fun . 
  yeah putin will organize a vote in russia if baltic 's want to join or not . 
  it was good knowing you latvia , we will go down with this ship . 
  can estonia have hull or something like just ... because , we want more land . 
  so is it time for a good old ww3 ? 
  we should do it now as the economy and political union has gone to the shitter , you know to get it over with . 
  also i just realized my euro coins are now invalid again ... 
  so ww2 rules , no gassing , no terror bombing , no consentrating and this time no nukes . 
  otherwise ffa start , teams are locked . 
  i was n't just talking about the mannerheim line . 
  the northern front was the one that was nearly split and a major front finns had to hold . 
  mannerheim line was the most direct attack route but that held pretty well . 
  it was worse for some nations , hitler ruled some areas for like 1-3 years , communists had the reigns for about 70 years in the end . 
  this was actually a sound plan also in estonia . 
  it was put into practice . 
  the idea was that hitler could not sustain such a state and west , now that they are active in war , might try to restore pre-ww2 state . 
  estonia hastly declared re-independence after the german forces left the capital and quickly tried to de jure reestablish itself , sadly there was a 3 day gap and soviets rolled in force and the quiet plea was not heard in the world . 
  `` estonian , lithuanian , latvian leaders run away and communists replaced them . '', 
  uh ... there was a reason for them to run away , they just did n't randomly all ... run away .
