  this illustrates the story even better . 
  russia charged lithuania more for the pipe gas than the price lithuania negotiated for lng . 
  obviously russia dropped the price a little below the lng price even when negotiations where going on but i am quite sure they would still be using the highest price if there was no lng in lithuania . 
  so lithuania already won in the long run by getting lng . 
  that looks like some alternative rock metal band cover . 
  well sure , that is why i used the double quotes and never claimed he had a similar platform , just that he feels like our putin . 
  he feels untouchable , he has played his game for so long never really falling in with anything . 
  if kapo already made a detainment they have at least something . 
  oh wow , this guy is basically our `` putin '' meaning a popularist who has ties with kremlin parties but he has always played it very smart . 
  he did always have a spot in our politics though as he was a good enough opposition leader , our `` evil guy '' . 
  this is freaking huge . 
  before i opened the video i knew what it was probably . 
  i remember not that particular episode but where it followed them on open fields and they fled to the house . 
  i was freaking out as a kid as i was looking forward to happy stuff and then ... that thing came . 
  also always that creepy music . 
  i love how this is basically a copy paste of our bronze soldier events in terms of how russia is reacting . 
  russia itself building highways and dismantling their su time memorials ? 
  perfectly fine !, 
  former occupied territories removing/moving monuments ?!, 
  should invade at once !, 
  not really . 
  your are making an often mistaken claim . 
  estonian jews mostly escaped , estonia was proclaimed `` juden frei '' but learn the facts . 
  how many died ? 
  about 1000 if i remember correctly ( maybe it was 924 or 1024 ? ) . 
  the initial population was about 4000 , most escaped either by boat or by road to russia , finland , sweden etc etc. 
  3000 namely . 
  no obstacles , probably helped by local estonians . 
  the remaining 1000 were tracked down by local government records and collaborators in estonia . 
  so your statement is untrue . 
  about 75 % of estonian jews survived . 
  also it was n't `` thanks mostly due to estonian collaboration '' . 
  i would argue it has more to do with the german nazi invasion bringing in their ideology and forcefully invading . 
  estonian jews would of enjoyed their cultural autonomy in a neutral estonia if no invasion would of took place , thank you very much . 
  it would be idiotic to think that a country that gave a group basically a `` state inside a state '' would suddenly gun them down . 
  learn estonian history actually , we had our own nationalistic group trying to grab power and what did the government do ? 
  disbanded the party and sent the leaders to jail . 
  this actually played into other historic events but that is another story . 
   a question for you , if i may -- do the russians have a sense of cultural superiority w.r.t the estonians ? 
  i agree with you that people who are comfortable in their enclaves do not have a pressing need to integrate ( in fact , the world outside the enclave becomes a `` scary '' prospect ) but is there an element of `` our culture/language is superior to that of the locals '' ? 
  or are you on pretty even footing ? 
  i 'm sure a russian estonian can answer it better but we are pretty much on equal footing . 
  there are a small percentage , with sometimes loud voices who wants to deport every russian back if they say anything negative about estonia or them and those who want back the `` good old soviet times '' when russians still had an empire or blame every personal fault on the estonian government . 
  so both sides have the obvious , unstable ... 
  i guess , people . 
  russian speakers simply have a strong enough culture to draw from right next to them . 
  the biggest stepping stone for everyone is language , estonians mostly learn russian but that quality is n't good at all . 
  same way russians do learn estonian , probably better than estonians russian , but even for them its hard enough with pure classroom knowledge to come into estonian groups . 
  more importantly i think estonians do n't have a realistic inferiority complex . 
  a country of about a million managing to regain independence through a history of different rulers , also the fairly recent loss of the russian soviet empire , is something that lifts most of the peoples spirits . 
  even if some russians do feel superior there are enough estonians who probably boast just as much . 
  i do think most russian estonians are trying to find their role in society as they are n't fully russian and they are n't fully estonian so each of them has to find their comfortable zone of how much of their home brought up culture they want in their life and how much of `` estonian side '' they want to experience . 
  choices like `` do i put my kid in a russian or estonian speaking kindergarten ? '', 
  is something that come up for russian estonians and not the other way around . 
  also mixed families where kids often speak fluently estonian and russian have something of a conundrum from what speaking school to what working environment . 
  so i guess yes , the knowledge that there is a 140 million big state and even bigger cultural sphere of russian speakers is something that holds estonian russians back knowing they are having to learn the ways of something that was just some decades ago their small territory , perhaps deep inside somewhat demeaning i guess ( and unique when it comes to immigration problems ) but its not superiority per say . 
  more of a sad predicament they find themselves in and having to adjust quickly within same generations . 
  i do think it is still early and a 30 % minority does not go away in 25-30 years . 
  more so a minority that did n't sign up for a free estonia in the first place . 
  but you are asking for society to somehow simply change . 
  that turk will have fluent german as would be logical but he will still have a different appearance . 
  yes it is shallow thinking but its simply what stands out , in such populations as are most european countries . 
  people simply know what a indigenous person looks like of a region and if 80-95 % of the population has similar genes they will stand out how matter we force it . 
  people will label other people ( and anything else ) , its what humans do . 
  its in our evolution and brains , we look for patterns and `` simplify '' everything into labels . 
  group mentality is also apart of it . 
  we might wish for it to go away but if one egg is blue and nine are red the blue one will stand out . 
  again superficial but by your given example there will be no stopping to calling them `` foreigners '' if they look foreign . 
  this might sound rude but they are not just as `` german '' as anyone else . 
  obviously depends on what you mean by `` german '' . 
  this is a thin red line . 
  this boils down to origins vs nationality/citizenship . 
  someone else might be more `` german '' if their roots go deeper . 
  it has to be that way . 
  we have created two system on planet earth . 
  one is a natural `` label '' of genepools , outer looks , diseases that affect certain groups , small evolutionary differences in different populations etc etc. 
  basically our origins . 
  second is our political nationality . 
  this we sometimes grant to simply people who have done good deeds to our country . 
  top athletes get this all the time , kind of `` cheating the system '' if an ethiopian by origin suddenly runs of uk for ex as he got citizenship , defeats the whole world games idea . 
  or even famous people change citizenships . 
  now if you would explain by what you mean `` german '' then i could continue this . 
  currently i still think you and plenty of others mix this natural origin with our modern idea of citizenship . 
  you are still trying to `` wish away '' our natural instinct to group , label and differentiate people and call it `` nationality '' . 
  yeah , it seems to be mostly because the actual journey is physically and mentally hard . 
  long travel distances , questionable food/water situation , border jumps/runs , besides the threat of actual danger to females or weaker people , its a dog eat dog situation . 
  also sometimes the family gets left behind with the promise of `` i will first go and establish myself , then send money or/and get you '', 
   for example : in the us , integration works much better because no matter what your culture is , you 're always considered an american by everyone ( even the people who do n't like you ) . 
  in europe , you 're called a `` foreigner '' even if you 're a 3rd generation immigrant , born and raised in europe . 
  if you 're german , you understand who the word `` ausl\u00e4nder '' applies to . 
  my turkish friends who are very secular , open minded , speak perfect germans are still referred to as `` ausl\u00e4nder '' by people like me . 
  but the us is a very different country . 
  every american is basically a new age immigrant . 
  only in us a question like `` where are your roots ? '', 
  is common enough to get an answer `` originally part irish , part scottish '' etc etc. 
  there is no real `` american '' besides the indian tribes . 
  european countries are old enough with indigenous populations that people have a picture of an average swede or brit , or german . 
  obviously a third generation turk will stand out . 
  you are somehow trying to `` wish away '' the differences between origins and citizens . 
  in us from the get go ( besides indians who sardonically got wiped away by the immigrants ... ) .
