  estonians are just about to have similar problems as finns do . 
  alcohol tax rises so bigger purchases are going to be made in russia/latvia . 
  not by a huge percentage but somewhat of a `` local wives tale '' already among estonians . 
  it 's about culture , health and accessibility . 
  culture wise people are `` weekend drinkers '' so people drink too much for recreational use . 
  statistics show that this amount of alcohol is bad healthwise for most of the population . 
  government wants to squeeze out more tax from this so a win win situation if they rise it . 
  accessibility wise it creates this symbiosis of people visiting other countries for 1 day fun trips and come back with loathes of alcohol . 
  in reality unless you drink an unhealthy amount , the tax rise should not be that much . 
  like between 10-20 euro cents for a beer ? 
  percentage wise a lot but considering you buy like 5 bottles of beer and some hard liquor if you want to get tipsy it should be around an extra 2 euros or so . 
  almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter . 
  i am at a loss . 
  either pisa test results are easily manipulated or ... well i do n't know . 
  how on earth can estonia , with our public school system rank that high or finland . 
  are other schools just throwing pens at ceilings for 8 hours a day ? 
  i somewhat do n't really trust this result . 
  hell half our schools are underfunded to begin with , lacking newer practical equipment unless that changed rapidly in the last couple of years . 
  not a pole myself but i understand why it is a linguistic nightmare . 
  technically poland itself would of not built deathcamps . 
  they were there because nazi germany occupied poland and decided to build them there . 
  as no one really wants to write a paragraph everytime , people say `` polish deathcamps '' but because semantics work people associate poland as the current nation with something really negative . 
  so they do n't deny it but they hate how the wording makes it seem like they had a huge decision on the say . 
  like they invited russia and germany to invade them and build these . 
  stick together year you say ? 
  ww3 it is !, 
  we get to stick really close together . 
  also would solve the migrant crisis , fight fire with fire so war refugees would n't want to escape into a wartorn continent . 
  like pieces of meat ... i. . . eat my meat ... oh god . 
  i am not even sure if diplomats actually have a job . 
  they are like real life currency boxed in some luxury apartment waiting for countries to piss each other off so media can write `` 12022 diplomats expelled , country is very angry against other country ! '', 
  i think the most interesting thing that was kind of mentioned already was the mentality . 
  my parents for example and as i have seen and heard , parents of others who lived in the communist era are somewhat more introverted and `` broken '' i would say . 
  during the time of the system people had more taboo topics ( even if it was work , money etc related ) , more pessimism , less control of their lives ( houses were given , jobs were more or less streamlined though schools etc ) . 
  so this created mental complexes . 
  if i compare how i talk with my sister and how my mother talks with my grandmother then there is a very certain `` hush hush '' kind of situation on certain topics . 
  people do n't like to talk . 
  now it 's a dog eat dog world . 
  again if i compare to what i have seen imho there are n't any more taboo about life questions , people slam questions right in front of you be it money , living conditons , future plans etc. 
  as the world is more open you are made to grow a thicker skin or get stuck in the cogwheels of capitalism at some level . 
  i do feel there is a split of `` communist thinking '' when i look at my parents and an open market capitalist world . 
  maybe it is the society as a whole as the facebook generation kind of makes every person a product , we all have become walking cv 's . 
  as for a realistic result of those 70 years , economy and systems . 
  governance systems were set in stone and they were hard to restructure . 
  you still hear from one institution or another how the basic idea how something works is still from the communist era , not that surprising considering communism collapsed only ~ 1988-1991 but i would consider it a bad thing seeing how corruption seeped in , in such a large system as ussr was . 
  economy suffered because again , such a large system , does not govern everything correctly . 
  as a independent unit estonia knows their own shortcoming and investment needs . 
  before it was made to address the needs of moscow first , discussion of what estonian ussr went through them , not through ... estonia . 
  somewhat similar problem with the eu but currently this is the block with the best structure , transparency and ability to stay less corrupt on average so more money finds it way to where it should be . 
  but hey , let bygones be bygones , i guess our generations life is n't the worst ( yet ) . 
  we have to make up for an economic gap and a restructured society but so far no big wars . 
  when i first read the title i thought it was some sort of protest by the finnish defense force . 
  then i saw the peaceful `` protest picture '' and thought how well behaved and low key the finnish protesters are . 
  1 ) it has nothing to do with economy , giving rights to be considered partners by law . 
  2 ) society lost ? 
  is this the `` gay propaganda '' idea ? 
  i would think there were even gays during soviet era , there has always been gay people . 
  people will have sex with people they like to , society does not win by hiding its shadow side , ussr tried that . 
  3 ) in a way gay partnership is helping our economy , officially giving two people economic and legal rights to shareable property would solve and encourage better bolder economic management , after all any partnership is kind of a `` family company '' trying to divide revenue , cut costs and invest in your own life while benefiting your girls ( or guys ) life . 
  hey a couple of cool battles happened in that era . 
  we sent our own little force to fight the danes , siding with the swedes . 
  we also for some reason killed a swedish king , king yngvar and you swedes made a verse/song/rap line about it how v\u00edkingr fr\u00e1 esthland had done this deed . 
  ewwww ... cooties, 
  no , no i do n't . 
  i think moscow and peterburg are quite wealthy though . 
  the idea is on point though . 
  depends on the russian region but ppp wise it is n't far off . 
  at least baltics and russia in richer provinces are pretty equal . 
  russia still has plenty of crude oil to sell . 
  i was hoping to work in `` arts disaster '' but then i reread . 
  the first article of hiv cure i remember was some cambodian prostitute getting `` lucky '' being immune to hiv , so she basically could uhm ... love , as many men as she wants . 
  so ... how about that skype ? 
  heard about that . . skype ? 
  i wonder what company we have . . skype ... * crosses fingers for a bank balance of $ 1,000,003 *, 
  see this ?!, 
  we are ready russia !, 
  our cannons are cocked and ready !, 
  like very country we have our `` default '' stuff on sale . 
  although i do think besides souvenir trinkets there are actually useful stuff like knitted scarves , hats , mittens , blankets , sauna hats etc. 
  like stuff you would find cool and use in a cold time . 
  oh and we have a santa sitting in a little hut that you can go visit , and last year i believe we had just a random herd of goats in some pen you could feed . 
  i am a simple man , i see goats that i can pet , i am happy . 
  do you have any nokia 3310 but as a smartphone ? 
  i would buy those !, 
  that is kind of a strange rule . 
  cities with modern building equipment should be building upwards . 
  your own country and city will benefit from the increased logistics and trade as more people work per capita on a smaller scale . 
  a no-build zone should suffice to keep the building dominating in the area . 
  i mean budapest will expand , that rule has to be broken some day and it seems they have . 
  however the hungarian one could easily be the seat of united earth governate , its so ... awe inspiring and pointy . 
  like a disney castle grown up . 
  mount harambe ... on second thought ... no, 
  well i do get your point but in terms of cities our capital is quite stressful . 
  there are plenty of great renovated regional centers like otep\u00e4\u00e4 , haapsalu or tartu . 
  they feel like their own miniature styled cities . 
  the countryside and other smaller ` towns ' are pretty much 20-10 years behind the rest of the pack though . 
  i am talking about estonia , not that familiar with other baltic sisters . 
  would of been awkward if germany was red for the jews question , just saying . 
  thats the reason behind estonians icecream thing afaik . 
  salde jumps sounds so funny .
