  so what i get from this is that you can offer sex for money if you want to but once someone is more or less `` your pimp '' it becomes illegal . 
  i 'm kind of happy that is set up that way . 
  `` oldest occupation '' in the world and as long as the girls ( or guys ) are doing it out of their own will i 'm going to stay out of it . 
  i did n't smile even for this video , this made me nearly cry . 
  or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvwfqosdzs4 ) one ? 
  * goes to birdlover1233 house * `` wheres muh monai bro !? '', 
  that is not a jew , that is rami malek . 
  wait a second ... estonia has tankz now !, 
  yeah i would say indifference in estonian culture is also `` they are ok '' like i do n't really know about them that much but they do n't bother me at all and i coexist peacefully . 
  it can be seen as cold but it 's honest . 
  i found a video about them , apparently they caused some riots in england as well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwbul7ot9sa, 
  my first thought is that she might want to keep populism downlow as is waving a flag . 
  secondly might be the old history nipping in the butt of promoting natonalism on even a slight level . 
  i mean if a party wins even in estonia it is n't that much of a `` estoniaaa won ! '', 
  idea , it 's the parties victory . 
  the party does not speak for the entire country is kind of my idea i 'm going for so waving a flag might make it seem like the message is `` germany won ! '', 
  when infact merkels view of politics won . 
  i have the perfect video for you : https://youtu.be/s7arozlvs58?t=365, 
  i reject your reality and substitute my own . 
  i find this kind of reporting appaling and dishonest , he forgot the awful smell and unfriendly staff . 
  now it 's been 1 day and every company implicated is giving in a more or less , copy pasted , excuse for damage control . 
  it 's kind of sad and funny to see how major firms are going `` uuuhhh we had no idea this is going on but we are going to do an internal investigation ! '', 
  that translates to `` damn you , you got us but we will try to think of some excuse to find a blame guy '' nothing really changes ... companies will simply hide their taxes better and invest extra millions for a less dangerous moneytrail . 
  this snowball is too big that no one will be able to stop it , maybe if we get somekind of super transparent tax law in place , maybe if we federalize more under common unions or maybe if tax haven countries are taken under investigation we could finally topple this . 
  kind of a legal maffia we are living in , companies legally avoid paying taxes . 
  still gg fourth pillar , i hope we can rely on this as the first three are trying to get the fourth one also . 
  no i totally get that corruption does happen and tax evasion is probably the most white collar ` crime ' there is . 
  it 's just its strange that the perfect land that i consider iceland ( no army , almost no corruption ) also is `` back on earth '' among others . 
  just for me iceland seemed politically like a perfect place but seeing their pm being corrupt is ... scary . 
  makes me wonder what goes on in less perfect places . 
  it 's so savage to think about it . 
  every little detail by probably finding one loophole in the code and granting access to yourself . 
  billions ca n't save you against this . 
  a simple `` oops ... mail servers compromised '' is all it takes . 
  just 1 person to go against the 1 % . 
  i also `` love '' how iceland the most non corrupt nation by some accord is getting their dirty laundry exposed . 
  secondly how the putin story was already known more or less but now we have an actual money wheel with written accounts of how the money moved . 
  before we had a guestimated version of how it was done ( that now seems was still pretty accurate ) . 
  oh and russian state media warned against `` a big attack on putin by western press '' so this must be it , so they kind of knew what was coming and braced for impact . 
  still bloody brilliant how we as humans invented the internet , everyone moved their documentation online and now some use the internet `` illegally '' exposing high rollers and their dirty deeds . 
  truly the greatest gift of the 21st century . 
  edit : also , the hell ... messi . 
  i really really want to read how he was invloved . 
  like a front man `` advertising '' whatever the moneyman told him to do ? 
  or simply used as a wheel to transfer money from and to ? 
  quite boring for us , literally every surname is something from nature . 
  spruce , willow , mountain , river , stone , apple , sand , moose , fox , lynx , swan or some job like smith , woodworker , taylor , mason or some random structure like wall , field , newfarm . 
  basically when they started giving us peasants surnames they ran out of ideas preeety quick . 
  you forgot the greatest march music ever created : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nfkpvfdrgu or just as mighty : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldq7hxmlxgc, 
  ca n't forget the neo-classicals : https://youtu.be/ph4srm9oe7c?t=47, 
  yes , i totalitarian agree with you . 
  da comrade , it is easy . 
  we simply never left !, 
  da , dis is old new comrade . 
  we knew barrack osama was a ukrop fachist before , they made isis . 
  i got a huuuge clue , a strobbing big hot veiny clue right now for him also . 
  another take would be : - `` mr putin are you withdrawing your troops from ukraine ? '', 
  - `` da comrade , they are already retreating and almost at their bases in kiev . '', 
  uhm not that hard to do , considering we have plenty of russian rooted people living here , in the military and otherwise . 
  a lot of people have a price . 
  france and belgium are behind estonia ? 
  ok i 'm `` fine '' with our corruption then . 
  still seeing how 8-12 % of our gdp goes to corruption is scary . 
  altough i bet most of it is tax avoidance in a sense that companies try to wiggle out of paying full tax by using loopholes like paying minimum + extra or simply using some workers without contracts . 
  there was a enforcing wave recently in terms of tax officials making their presence known and our tax coffers according to news reached a new record of return gotten . 
  so it seems to be improving as even my employer only recently hired everyone he used as official workers as he was finally afraid enough that he might get put under the eye of some tax official . 
  edit : i must say tax avoidance `` helps '' our companies and some workers short term . 
  companies get cheaper workforce to boost their companies revenue to expand ( if they expand it can be seen useful for the whole nation as they will create extra jobs among them legal ) and short term workers get an extra money boost as their employers can pay them more with no/less tax to invest in their own . 
  this does hold the big `` but '' of the question that both sides have to have a purpose for using this method and not just the end goal of tax avoidance but tax avoidance to get somewhere . 
  it 's like chaotic evil in my eyes that in the long term might help all parties if done in moderation . 
  if the guy would of had a real bomb and blew up would it also be a selfie bomber ? 
  we really need a `` mom '' nation in our world . 
  `` swedeeen !, 
  i 'm talking to you young mister !, 
  did you take that horn from that nice poland ? 
  give it back and apologize . '', 
  `` but mooooooommm ... '' `` no buts , i do n't care if you took it ages ago . 
  give it back '' edit : i also love that something someone did in the 17th century is still brought up in reddit . 
  i bet those vikings in 17th century did n't see that coming . 
  well besides that our average wage is now over 10,000 a year in eur as that statistic is from 2013 , i woulds say ppp does play a role and is a more honest picture than gdp . 
  we live in local economies and according to numbero.com , italy is around 30-50 % more expensive ( property , food , living costs , menial expenses ) . 
  that is why ppp is a more honest look on what people actually get left money wise , after taxes and other expenses . 
  you might earn 20,000 a month but you will pay more for the goods you purchase and need to survive as bills , food and maybe even taxes . 
  still i get your point , if you simply look at the wage number then yes , estonia is poor . 
  as our prices grow so will our wages so in some years we might say we have the same ppp but a higer wage number and can be `` rich '' . 
  in 2016 , italy ppp per capita is around 35,000 . 
  estonia currently is at 30,000 . 
  what makes for a ` relatively poor ' country ? 
  also as someone pointed out predictions nevermind what kind going up to 2050 are silly to make , so much can change . 
  yoga pants , ugg boots , blazers , skinnies , shirts , hats etc, 
  i nominate our kalamaja district . 
  used to be a pretty closed off soviet military area between old town and the port with lots of factories . 
  now artsy people are moving back in , refurbishing old factories into bars , stores and restoring old buildings for living . 
  kind of an awesome region to see old big factories being made to `` happy places '' of food and interesting goods . 
  just to clarify it depends on the call , if it 's like home violence or some fight on the street then the police will arrive too incase the fight continues and medics could get hurt . 
  it 's not due to the area , more to do with what specific situation . 
  partly it 's retro glasses . 
  people often forget the bad as time passes and only remember the good moments . 
  also as new fresh `` bad moments '' come on it amplifies the situation . 
  so you wo n't be able to change them that much .
