  third taiwan strait crisis was in 1995 , although only the water was technically bombed . 
  most travellers are only required to show id when they make one off journeys at airports or crossing borders . 
  cross border commuters would have to show their id 10 times per week . 
  it 's a big difference . 
  i think you do n't understand the term `` holding them back '' . 
  shotguns are used to protect livestock from foxes in the uk , i 'd imagine a shotgun would be enough to protect against a bear but i 've never been in that situation . 
  they 're not exempt , they have special dispensation in the uk only if responding to an emergency . 
  this still changes depending on the police force . 
  the tax office are also permitted which i was n't aware of . 
  austrolia, 
  yeah that 's why the unhealthy ones go back to the uk . 
  spain gets the best of both worlds . 
  can we get one thread without a white knight trying to defend immigration and islam ? 
  so basically an eu wide policy does n't fit with the national interest . 
  when the uk had the same problem with the financial transaction tax we were seen as `` stroppy '' and `` stubborn '' . 
  i 've witnessed plenty emergency vehicles break the speed limit . 
  laws are broken with impunity on a daily basis . 
  the law is a set of rules , and humans will never fully play by the rules . 
  yep . 
  conniving labour increased the top rate of tax from 40 to 50 % after having been in government for around 13 years with three months to the next election . 
  whilst she was n't working class , she came from a fairly standard middle class family . 
  so she did rise through the ranks somewhat . 
  that 's why she is so polarising , she broke through all barriers and yet was a conservative . 
  and ? 
  thatcher was democratically re-elected twice and took britain through the tough years of post-industrialisation . 
  your comparison is meaningless . 
  feminism / modern feminism . 
  i said one , you said the other . 
  first female prime minister of the uk . 
  first western female head of government ( second if you include israel ) . 
  i find it funny that modern feminism refuses to consider her a success story . 
  women also live longer than men . 
  for fairness , men should be able to retire earlier than women . 
  i often see this post as some kind of retort . 
  however it 's just pure fiction . 
  the vast majority are not deported and they just stay in germany . 
  is this supposed to be where you repeat something often enough it becomes true ? 
  because it 's not . 
  very true . 
  most people are unwilling to think for themselves so find it easier to just copy someone elses opinion . 
  their economic policies are . 
  then the snp would have to accept responsibility for something without blaming everything on westminster . 
  on this forum , on the ph scale a value of 7.1 would be hitler . 
  and that 's the problem entirely . 
  too many countries trying to be run with a one rule for all mentality . 
  israel culturally , but taiwan no idea . 
  i wondered why taiwan was there . 
  it was over 40 years ago that thatcher became the leader of the conservatives and 36 years ago she became prime minister . 
  let that sink in . 
  she had a degree in chemistry and became a barrister . 
  thatcher rose to the top because she had talent . 
  not because she had a vagina and tits . 
  said by every civilisation since the dawn of time . 
  hmm interesting point . 
  the argentinians were pegged to the dollar and the greeks to the euro . 
  you can get a boat from bari in italy to patras in greece without a passport check . 
  household debt is still debt . 
  even though it 's secured against an asset , if that asset depreciates in value , you 've got a repeat of the financial crisis in 2008 . 
  these are all the indicators we had prior to the last crash in 2008 . 
  we never learn . 
  the era of cheap money will end one day , and when it does , it will not be a pretty sight . 
  so basically the people living in calais are big fans of the anti-immigrant fn . 
  no real surprise there . 
  captain hindsight to the rescue . 
  i would n't be so sure for the areas around aberdeen and areas hit by the steel industry closures . 
  yes i meant a contraction , rather than two consecutive months of contractions . 
  it 's also heavily skewed towards specific regions . 
  i would not be surprised if some areas were undergoing a recession . 
  the majority of pakistanis that we import are from the mirpur region ( within kashmir ) . 
  they form 70 % of the uk muslim population . 
  they are typically not well regarded within pakistan . 
  there are some abandoned villages in the outer hebrides , usually former crofting villages . 
  one of them is near orinsay it only had a footpath to the nearest road . 
  you could also consider st kilda but that 's about it . 
  i also remember some village that was abandoned due to the world wars and was never repopulated . 
  i think the mod own it . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/10/sweden-schools-crisis-political-failure-education your nordic neighbours are putting you to shame . 
  everyone makes claims like this about the other side . 
  just as nick cleggs preposterous claim that 3 million jobs would be affected if we left . 
  i 'm pretty sure the un has a script that generates these on a whim . 
  ban ki moon is probably in bed . 
  buzz feed 2.0, 
  try the callanish stones up in the outer hebrides . 
  they 're more unknown and off the beaten track . 
  methinks you 're an arm chair strategist . 
  do you know how far away sharm el sheikh by sea is ? 
  this is a predominantly left wing western view , seen as weak by russia . 
  russia is a totally different culture and they do n't play by western left wing rules . 
  the majority of scottish discoveries/inventions were dependant on english universities and industry . 
  i only found out about peace lines recently . 
  on the news you see the famous dividing wall in israel but i had no idea they existed in belfast . 
  and thank god you 're there to balance it out . 
  i 'm suffocating over the liberalism forced upon us in the west . 
  the uk press just these past few days has churned out a new story about how every man needs to consider if he 's a rapist or not , the new uk passport is sexist because it contains 7 famous men and only two women , and finally someone was racist because he mocked a chinese accent : - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-34470205 - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34710261 - http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/bbc/11963256/bbc-commentator-accused-of-casual-racism-after-mocking-chinese-accent-on-air.html, 
  uk hottest november in wales , 22.4 c. 
  that 's warmer than some holidays i 've had in wales . 
  best : staying in nice apartment on the river with great views with about 60 other students from the uk . 
  worst : about a dozen of them had their passports and wallets pickpocketed in the club next to the bridge which we spent all night getting hammered in . 
  since we were hitch hiking from sheffield to belgrade some of them had to stay in prague and get emergency passports issued to fly home . 
  i also learnt in prague that foreign exchanges ( this happens everywhere ) put the `` sell '' price outside and give you an absolutely atrocious price when you try to buy once inside .
