  euro is trading about $ 1.09 , hardly a resounding sign of strength when it was $ 1.34 over two years ago which is an 18.7 % drop !, 
  the dollar has risen against most currencies over the past two years . 
  no your comment just looks stupid . 
  there are n't many forums on reddit where you can post with pride that you 're the offspring of a terrorist . 
  just ira things . 
  i 've heard because of brexit that rockall is going to secede ; become the second dublin and 100 companies are going to set up an office there . 
  the difference is that catalonia is a rich region of spain and provides money to the spanish state . 
  much like the uk and the eu . 
  scotland is the polar opposite and has a bigger budget deficit than greece . 
  the eu can do what it likes . 
  if spain vetoes , catalonia can not join . 
  if not then this will show that spain is no longer a sovereign nation within the eu . 
  only 50 % of the vote was needed to join the ec in 1975 . 
  only fair to have the same rules to leave what it became in 2016 . 
  unless of course you only support democratic decisions when it favours your view . 
  think about those poor buddhists who use the swastika . 
  they came up with it first as well . 
  is he the guy who runs the coffee shop in friends ? 
  tell that to crimea and eastern ukraine . 
  they 've done the same thing to me . 
  they 're very opaque about what they deem harmonious . 
  enjoy the mental gymnastics but it 's not going to happen . 
  you 're wrong about everything . 
  you ca n't enact tariffs on a member of the eu . 
  maybe we can get a trade deal with taiwan instead . 
  you can get the majority of the same products from taiwan and at least they 've got a functional democracy . 
  unfortunately for you it 's up to us when to initiate article 50 . 
  your vote has went from +6 to -35 since i first looked . 
  the cybernats are salty this morning . 
  i see we are still clinging onto the old britain wants it 's empire back myth . 
  the eu and a lot of its inhabitants ( especially reddit posters ) truly have their heads in the sand . 
  you think the uk was they only thing stopping you against further federalism ? 
  tragic . 
  you forgot wales . 
  fortunately your logic has no place in reality . 
  germany is also on a usa watch list for currency manipulation . 
  that place is busy every lunch time . 
  i often see huge queues there . 
  it 's the best rates in london . 
  could n't agree more . 
  i 'm pointing out that claiming we have to follow all the eu rules to trade is irrelevant . 
  we also have to do that for every other country we trade with . 
  as they do with us . 
  geneva and zurich do incredibly well outside the eu . 
  not if trump wins . 
  europe will have to start paying for its military . 
  when you 've lost the american subsidy of nato and managed to disillusion the uk through economic punishment , germany begins to look rather weak militarily . 
  perhaps it is in germanys best interests to keep the uk as a close ally rather than trying to punish it and ruining a good trading relationship . 
  / r/europe to the eu is what / r/the _ donald is to donald trump . 
  i thought it was about shared cultural values , but no , we just need to submit to the eu . 
  you will be assimilated . 
  resistance is futile . 
  we are the eu . 
  we will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own . 
  yeah the eu has been great for the youth of greece , spain , portugal , italy ... to pretend the eu does n't have its own vested interests is beyond naive . 
  if your club is that great to be a part of why must you intimidate and threaten those who want to leave ? 
  i heard 18 % less sunny days and an embargo on ferrero roches . 
  you mean the rules that every country follows for trading with every other country ? 
  which means you and everyone else with that idea has to buy # s , which makes the pound go back up again . 
  also your home luxury stores miss out on your disposable income . 
  it 's swings and roundabouts . 
  they 're everywhere mate . 
  i do n't know what we 've become . 
  you were quick to point fingers . 
  a bit like andy burnham . 
  i would say nowadays there are no more/less hooligans in the english support than the majority of teams . 
  russia excluded . 
  what 's with the self loathing ? 
  let me guess , independent/guardian reader ? 
  most remain supporters are smug and incredibly condescending . 
  you 're our greatest asset for leave . 
  yep see a lot of poor logic that put forward ridiculous assumptions as facts . 
  as you say recent polls have seen more support for the union since the indy ref . 
  tell that to the northern irish unionists . 
  they 're more british than the british . 
  who in my opinion is very funny . 
  that 's something we all aspire to . 
  i read some articles about the previous reykjavik mayors . 
  he was some character ( aka liberal nutjob ) who attended lgbt parades in drag and openly wanted any immigrants to come to iceland . 
  if that 's who your voting into office , then it wo n't stay a peaceful homogeneous island for long . 
  however the big banners on peoples houses just outside keflavik airport saying `` no to eu '' was nice to see . 
  what the hell happened to hungary ? 
  that 's the point . 
  it 's a ritual of humiliation for the groom . 
  do n't ask me why , i do n't buy into it either . 
  going abroad ( ireland does n't count ) for us is a big deal . 
  the working class brits that goto eastern europe are there because of `` cheap flights and cheap booze '' . 
  the brits that travel outside of europe are a different socio-economic class . 
  the middle class brits tend to go to western europe . 
  i do n't agree , especially when that deep integration is with a smaller number of countries who are faring worse economically . 
  staying in the eu is more isolationism/protectionism . 
  indians are good at cricket and chess . 
  that 's about it . 
  55/45 is not barely . 
  conflating eu skepticism with xenophobia . 
  such poor arguments as well . 
  we have visa free travel with literally hundreds of countries and are n't in political union with them . 
  looks like this was written by a 6th former . 
  you 're not going to convince anyone that a billionaire is a bad business man . 
  unless he started off with considerably more , which he did n't .
