  but by the end of january i 'm starting to miss the lighter evenings . 
  whenever i see any story about the baltics or small countries where it 's `` x is the best at something '' , i ca n't stop thinking that my moderately sized hometown region probably has a similar population to this entire country . 
  taiwan and japan are also pretty complete , and taiwan surprisingly so considering how mountainous it is . 
  south korea is worse than germany and china ... 
  eu the borg . 
  usa the ferengi . 
  germany the vulcans . 
  russia the klingons . 
  uk the romulans . 
  french the bajorans . 
  they 've just changed this to whenever they feel it 's worth talking about . 
  i work with companies where absolutely everything is done in microsoft word , excel and visio . 
  everything is windows . 
  i 've switched to linux in the past 2 years and use with varying levels of success latex and markdown . 
  latex is excellent once you 've got your pre-amble and rules set up which can take a long time . 
  inkscape is excellent for vector diagrams and a good replacement for visio . 
  libreoffice is still a bit flakey but has improved significantly . 
  trying to explain the latex/markdown route of document publication over the wysiwyg method used by word is a hard sell . 
  the amount of time i have wasted editing random header styles in word because i 'd placed my cursor one letter to the left of where it should have been ... ... never again . 
  now i output to odt from a markdown/latex source if they request it in a `` microsoft word '' format . 
  i 've always been a java man over python for it 's type checking . 
  this makes camerons claim that his deal where the uk will never join the euro a bit meaningless . 
  and josef fritzl being australian , 
  the only joke told to me by an austrian was that they are excellent at pr because they have the world believe hitler was german and mozart was austrian . 
  you 're a prime example of class envy . 
  take your `` we 're a nation of immigrants '' meme over to / r/uk where it belongs . 
  you 'll get a warm welcome . 
  i 'm from uk and will go to greece this year . 
  avoid the obvious hotspots and you 'll be fine . 
  i would feel safer on a greek island than a german hauptbahnhof . 
  agree that spain and portugal will see the benefits of this . 
  nobody feels safe to holiday in a muslim country anymore . 
  it would seem the eu lot are fairly butthurt on this sub . 
  i only managed -15 with a sensible list of reasons , but you 've surpassed me on -23 , 
  it clearly is n't because we 've vetoed it . 
  it disproportionately affects the financial industry in london . 
  or a projected 3.5 million immigrants . 
  i 'm sure there must be some generally held law that all projections are over-optimistic . 
  i 've yet to see the uk hit an annual target for borrowing , even though we 're close . 
  diversity ? 
  japan/korea and plenty of other countries could state the same thing about their homogeneous society . 
  it 's a matter of opinion . 
  greece should hire an ocean liner , take around 10,000 refugees to the north west coast of germany and then lecture germany about external coastal borders . 
  london suffers from this in the extreme . 
  # 500-600 for a room share in central london if you 're lucky and not too picky . 
  it 's a recent global problem which affects all major western cities . 
  when interest rates are practically 0 % everywhere it 's no surprise . 
  you like norman wisdom . 
  so much for european unity . 
  a similar gif could be created for britain leaving the eu . 
  ie , paying french farmers through cap , paying child benefits to eastern europeans living in eastern europe , # 30m/day net contribution , giving up fishing areas , slowly eroding sovereignty to brussels etc. , 150,000 + eu migrants arriving each year ; vast majority to the most densely populated area of the eu ( england ) . 
  not to mention the french 's personal favourite the tobin tax . 
  fortunately those people have more important things to do than post dank memes on / r/europe . 
  or do the opposite and give them martyrdom, 
  til almost universally despised = only despised by lefties . 
  i think you 'd be a bit mad to cycle in , but some hyper-fit people do . 
  most of these places are quite remote so you need a car to get to the starting point , that 's what i do . 
  there are a few rare mountains where local transport is good like ben nevis . 
  be prepared for these mountains though , they 're not high but people do die on them , especially in winter . 
  for example a young couple have went missing on ben nevis this past week . 
  most people have no problems at all though . 
  most the really good hikes are further north in the cairngorms and isle of skye . 
  there are 282 munros in scotland , here is a good place to start : http://munromagic.com/themunromap.cfm, 
  hahaha . 
  buy some salt for that chip on your shoulder . 
  you can make the same arguments for how some brits felt when we had the huge wave of eastern european migration from 2004 onwards . 
  at least we have a fairly compatible cultural background that 's based on christianity . 
  not so much with the new waves of immigration we 're seeing into greece and italy . 
  we do . 
  we 're currently in the midst of a pr battle with the left wingers . 
  at least it 's now acceptable to openly criticise immigration where as several years ago even this was rare . 
  interesting fact , there is a still an island in dispute between the usa and canada after the war in 1812 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/machias_seal_island, 
  i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make . 
  nobody goes to london to transmit the count , they 're all done locally and counted manually by hand and then transmitted live on tv . 
  it might seem dated to you but it 's a proven system resilient to fraud . 
  even the introduction of postal voting has had it 's criticisms as it is easy for the head of a household to fill in the votes for everyone else . 
  i 'm well aware of asymmetric cryptography . 
  and to surprise you all votes in the uk are hand counted by multiple people . 
  no machines are used . 
  this guy explains it better than i ever could : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi in your example server a knows where you 've come from , it has to check your signature . 
  where do you get your private key from ? 
  it has to be issued somewhere . 
  apart from the previous bbc general director admitting they had a massive left-wing bias ( in the past ) . 
  it 's naive to think it 's a binary everything uk ` bad ' , everything estonia ` good ' . 
  estonia 's government will no doubt be doing things in the background that could be seen as ` bad ' . 
  also online elections are not cool if you want anonymity . 
  there are no diacritics in english , so nobody knows how to do it . 
  the only ones i come across are french loan words which people just remove the diacritics from . 
  cafe is a fine example of one . 
  you found a higher paying job with the notoriously frugal civil service ? 
  well done . 
  come on , most people do n't have that on their keyboard unless it 's a copy paste job !, 
  i agree . 
  most countries in europe have forgotten what their military is for . 
  the luxury of us protection has made them weak and defenceless . 
  why would nato want sweden on board ? 
  kill the poor . 
  this is what you sound like . 
  i 'd have thought the best people for the uk heritage industry are people who were born in britain and have a uk heritage . 
  it 's unfair to people working outside of the south east .
