  you just come across as incredibly butt hurt . 
  considering how wrong you are shall we assume you 're a right wing voter ? 
  the tools are the people who enable these people to be in your country . 
  those two silver medals you won in the olympics really showed us . 
  if france suffers from another terrorist attack , le pen will win . 
  that pizza could have done an entire loop of naples , you may still be in luck . 
  you guys are a parody . 
  it clearly states in the article that the bfv are the source , but obviously that is in german . 
  look at the absolute numbers . 
  even though it was 55/45 in the indyref , over 2,000,000 voted no . 
  in the brexit ref it was 62/38 but only 1,600,000 made up that 62 . 
  in real life yes . 
  on here no . 
  well it 's the daily mail ( english ) quoting the bild ( german ) which is quoting the federal office for the protection of the constitution ( bfv ) which is the british version of mi5 . 
  the opinion of the eu . 
  your figure of 1.2 m is out of date . 
  the latest figure is 900k and reducing . 
  110k of them are in ireland which most british do n't count as being abroad , so in reality it 's less than 800k . 
  there are more polish nationals living in the uk than there are uk nationals in the rest of the eu . 
  i really doubt they will have the positive weighted question as they did in 2014 . 
  it would be another `` remain/leave '' again as `` yes/no '' was definitely advantageous to the scottish nationalists . 
  you 're the `` notruescotsman '' this subreddit likes to think does n't exist . 
  because on this subreddit there is a large contingent of `` anti-english '' and wanting to see england fail because we 're all racists . 
  every form of nationalism is great apart from english . 
  i ca n't believe the complete lack of critical thinking behind this comment . 
  scotland ( in the uk ) will be better off if the uk ( which includes scotland ) has a hard time in negotiations ? 
  when you use the term ` scotland ' i think you mean ` the scottish nationalist party ' . 
  so that # 60bn exit fee was n't a demand ? 
  i like how the idea of `` economic isolation '' is taken as guaranteed on this sub-reddit . 
  scotland had its best chance in 2014 . 
  the economic case will never be better . 
  i remember during the refugee crisis , it was made quite clear the refugees really did n't like macaron . 
  how would a terrorist attack affect this ? 
  another attack like nice and le pen will win . 
  hillary would have won if it was n't for the cia investigation announcement in the final week of polling . 
  most people who get into a fight do n't become terrorists . 
  i thought this would attract terrorist sympathisers . 
  i was right . 
  i hope this brings attention to the irish republican terrorist who infiltrated the british army and planned to set off bombs in the uk . 
  he was found guilty this week , february 2017 . http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-38859531, 
  i had a very old fridge in my old house ( donated by grandparent ) which was in amazement made in italy . 
  must have been around 12 years old still worked fine but was a bit expensive to run . 
  apart from that there is very little i come across made in italy . 
  it 's the same in most of scotland . 
  scotland 's mountains were part of an ancient `` super volcano '' , the best known existing one is probably in yellowstone . 
  united kingdom also has mount paget in south georgia at 2,935 m ( excluding antarctica ) . 
  how about changing it from unlimited to 1 drink and not giving a shit ? 
  keep the price the same and just let them take as many as they want , technically saying they 're only allowed 1 . 
  the problem is these unlimited offers are nearly always self service so they would have to redesign their restaurant around this new restriction . 
  i ca n't see how this is enforceable . 
  whats stopping the restaurant changing it from unlimited to ` up to 9 drinks ' and just not giving a shit ? 
  wikipedia says that the same guy behind fort boyard sold the crystal maze idea to channel 4 . 
  would never have guessed . 
  however it does stay mostly on the plain . 
  i had no idea this show was popular in so many countries . 
  i still remember melinda messenger hosting this as a teenager . 
  yep the uk is to blame for everything . 
  enjoy yourself in germany where everything will be perfect . 
  now you 're just incredibly self loathing . 
  it does n't change what i posted . 
   it 's not as if i hate the uk , but i do kind of hope scotland leaves , i do kind of hope ireland becomes united and something happens with wales . 
  i think you 're the one with the hostility . 
  food is one of the items which may get cheaper due to imports from new markets like africa . 
  some of us like the temperate climate . 
  some even like the rain . 
  it helps things grow . 
  rajoy has already said the opposite . 
  because the euro has been the bastion of stability . 
  which country do you think will veto the reciprocity of citizens between the uk ? 
  ask merkel . 
  may has already agreed to this as long as the eu ( aka merkel ) does . 
  if you include the scilly isles ( which you should ) it extends further than you think . 
  however it looks like this cable is skirting the 20km boundary that includes the scilly isles . 
  you 've pretty well described the overton window . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overton_window i think that is how ukip impacted the tories in the uk . 
  when someone uses the term populism , it 's signalling something that the narrator disagrees with . 
  your evidence is `` rumblings '' . 
  this is not evidence . 
  look at the polls . 
  this is not true . 
  banf and buchan voted leave by 54/46 . 
  another armchair expert with absolutely no idea . 
  not if you 're german or french banks lending to greeks . 
  it 's working well for greece ... and venezuela ... 
  at the equivalent of a freddo every year . 
  bah , it would need to be 189 million to match england . 
  cheers i found it here / r/romania, 
  did they turn to stone ? 
  i 'm becoming more anti-bozhidar_madzharov with every post you make . 
  and here was me thinking i could read through a thread without someone mentioning brexit , just for them to go full cliche and start autistic screeching about the brits being racist . 
  so many passive aggressive paddies on here . 
  the longer it is left the greater the likelihood that our legislative and political systems would become more entwined . 
  thus presenting an even bigger challenge to the government of the time . 
  there is never a correct time to leave the eu , it will always be painful . 
  between leaving now and leaving then i would still choose leaving now . 
  you 're just delaying the inevitable . 
  you should have listened to radio 2 today . 
  a guy came on saying he thinks we 'll find negotiations hard and just give up and stay in the eu . 
  that guy who cut off his own arm to free himself from a rock was commiting a self destructive act , but the only alternative was death . 
  the only alternative we had was federalism , which i saw as the equivalent of death .
