  tower hamlets , london - 34.5 % newham , london - 32.0 % blackburn - 27.4 % bradford - 24.7 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_the_united_kingdom, 
  this is no different to how schools are tested in the uk . 
  once every few years everyone puts in a major effort so the school looks better then after the inspectors leave it 's back to normal . 
  i 'm sure there are other scenarios where people ` fake it ' for a short time period in order to pass some arbitrary test . 
  now he is the classical stereotypical french man from an english man 's pov . 
  where do you even start with london ? 
  it 's similar to / u/strawberryvomit comment about lack of connection with nature . 
  most londoners i 've met have never seen a mountain or the sea . 
  they also seem to spend an disproportional amount of their time in starbucks using apple macs . 
  who thought unilateral mass immigration would have no consequences ? 
  yeah you 're correct , randall is what google came up with . 
  is there any reason for them nearly all beginning with l ? 
  oh come on , you know i 'm just going to ask anyway , 
  prepare for peace prepare for war, 
  prepare for peace prepare for war, 
  `` brexit news '' you post multiple articles a day about brexit . 
  you 're obsessed . 
  i posted one article . 
  check / u/new-atlantis history . 
  it 's an obsession . 
  the guardian would print an article from any japanese sounding name if he as much as owned a tie shop in croydon . 
  as long as it was critical of brexit . 
  and also how poorer the rest of europe will be as well ? 
  nothing personal . 
  or let 's just post every rumour and opinion piece from the guardian ? 
  the death of the uk economy has been greatly exaggerated . 
  the uk has been a primary buyer of eu goods for a decade . 
  that 's why we have a trade deficit . 
  it could n't go on forever . 
  a low pound is the start of this gradual rebalancing but it will impact european countries who export to us like denmark . 
  of course you can always hope germany starts buying things what with their record surpluses , which they are famously reluctant to . 
  i think the euro vision is what most russians think european culture is . 
  progressives wo n't be happy until we reach 100 % . 
  still a long way to go . 
  til bespoke deal = special treatment . 
  switzerland has a bespoke deal via bilateral agreements . 
  did they get special treatment ? 
  you really do post the most ridiculous bullshit on here . 
  the movie industry grew by 16 % . 
  it was worth 0.6 % of gdp and is now 0.7 % . 
  a quite respectable figure there . 
  tourism to spain and portugal is doing very well since tunisia , morocco and turkey and france have been plagued with terrorist attacks . 
  it 's always been a popular destination from the uk and the flight i took from newcastle to portugal was 100 % full in october . 
  i hope it stays doing well . 
  i honestly thought this was a joke , but then i read your other posts . 
  you 're a borderline sociopath . 
  the eu flag seals it . 
  i 'm happy there are more enlightened people like yourself . 
  there is a sense of bitter toxicity among many of the other posters on here . 
  you just need to read the replies to the other response to see . 
  most people would be willing to trade light morning hours away for more evening hours . 
  everyone apart from farmers . 
  tumblr leaking . 
  prepare for peace , prepare for war . 
  there is a vape shop near me called ` vlad the inhaler ' . 
  i guess it 's possible he was wheeled around in a wheelchair the entire trip . 
   lost is the same as necessary in this context . 
  it 's lost because its  necessary for it to move . 
  you 're grasping at straws here . 
  i think you 're the one grasping . 
   i didnt say all banking has to move , just some moves to eu . 
  you were the  one suggesting some moves to eu , and all the rest of it to ny so we 're in agreement ? 
  some ( the minority ) will move to the eu , the majority to ny . 
   that lost business is n't going to the north of england though , but to the eu !, 
  you mentioned lost business , not necessary business . 
   i was n't speculating on what happens if the uk decides to totally isolate themselves and force all business out of the uk and not just the bits that necessarily have to move from your prose it appears you think by voting brexit we 're voting to be the next north korea . 
  we 've voted to leave the eu and nothing else . 
  the irrelevant over dramatisation does nothing to back up your point . 
  oh you 're one of those who thinks brexit is going to turn us into the next north korea ? 
  the rest of the world manages to fly to the eu . 
  stop with the over dramatisation . 
  just for other people to know how many runways the other major airport hubs have in europe : heathrow - 2 runways cdg - 4 runways schiphol - 6 runways frankfurt - 4 runways it 's quite hard to believe heathrow manages to maintain it 's number one in europe slot . 
   i am , because heathrow is going to lose a lot of its connections this is your own ( imo wholly incorrect ) opinion . 
  it is at 99 % capacity and landing slots are incredibly expensive , the highest paid was $ 75m . 
  there is your demand . 
  new york is seen as the most likely destination for jobs ( above frankfurt ) if we leave the eea and efta . 
  the jobs may not move at all , it 's all speculation at this point . 
  only the relevant entities that need to be in the eu will transfer to the eu . 
  the majority of jobs that leave will go to new york . 
  so we 've redefined what `` stepped foot in '' means . 
  this map is wrong . 
  most of it will leave the eu completely and go to new york . 
  you are incredibly gullible and naive if you believe we have went from a tolerant country to a racist country in 1 year . 
  ireland would be fucked . 
  their economy is structured around being a tax haven . 
  the uk is one of the most tolerant countries in the world . 
  study below shows more so than germany and the netherlands . 
  http://www.lifehacker.co.uk/2015/11/04/the-top-20-most-tolerant-countries-in-the-world maybe get your news somewhere else apart from reddit and the guardian . 
  can confirm . 
  it 's been a very pleasant october day in the uk , mostly sunny with few clouds and 13c . 
  this sounds like an international version of settlers of catan . 
  i 'm surprised more italians have n't moved abroad to the uk like the spanish or portuguese . 
  the building itself is perfectly livable . 
  it 's the stigma of it being a council flat . 
  does romania have the communist era tower blocks ? 
  in the uk the ons is probably the last bastion of hope . 
  media that does n't have to rely on adverts or clickbait tend to provide better journalism like ft.com or thetimes.co.uk . 
  the british media have a spotlight on them because english language media is consumed heavily but can you really say that another countries media is any better ? 
  from memory the bild in germany is exactly the same as the sun in the uk . 
  i 've come to the conclusion that / u/new-atlantis is a troll and have tagged as such .
