  it was $ 1.25 10 days before brexit . 
  at least you get this day off . 
  i hear the portugese do n't get an additional day of holiday if christmas day falls over the weekend ? 
  ( it 's sunday this year ) . 
  for the top 10 for business environment , only 2 are in the eu and one of them is about to leave . 
  they do fill out the 11-20 spots quite well though ,, 
  you have to love the dichtomy for singapore : safety and security -  1 personal freedom -  97, 
  boris , the bus , the nhs to 350 million . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  quite embarrassing for the previous labour government who oversaw this . 
  it 's something of a stigma for them . 
  you assume because you do n't care about your dutch identity that nobody else should either . 
  i 'm just waiting for the usual suspects on here to explain to me how this is terrible for the uk and its economy . 
   who cares about dutch identity , use that motto in your next political campaign and see how far you get . 
  farage has a very orthodox hairstyle . 
  so does le pen . 
  please . 
  your only criticism of the eu is the flag is too blue . 
  i think that 's what most people in the uk really want . 
  pre-2004 expansion eu countries were of a similar level with only nominal migration . 
  post-2004 has seen huge migration from east to west . 
  where do most italians threaten to move to ? 
  for uk it was most likely canada . 
  ironically not in the eu . 
  so that 's what google and facebook making high profile announcements that they 're creating 3000 and 500 jobs in the uk looks like . 
  but hey , some salty guy from reddit with dank names knows better than two of the largest tech firms right ? 
  keep up the bitterness and faux schadenfreude / r/europe . 
  no its because they voted for tuition fees to be raised after campaigning for them to be abolished . 
  schtop thish nonshense . 
  he 's a british mep . 
  you 're technically wrong . 
  i also agree . 
  the bbc has been obsessed it . 
  the future is certain , the past is uncertain . 
  so food could be cheaper ? 
  good luck finding a market of 60m people for a perishable good on your doorstep . 
  europhiles act out the xenophobia with the same stick they beat the brits with . 
  there looks to be a point in spain that is equidistant from portugal , gibraltar , morocco and tunisia . 
  i ca n't tell from the map , but are there any true 4 point nodes ( a point that is equidistant from 4 countries ) ? 
  if not which one would have been the closest ? 
  people like you will bring on the next wave of fascism . 
  the swans are savage here in bowness . 
  red flags all over this one . 
  avoid at all costs . 
  feel sorry for the guy who ends up with her . 
  police recorded crimes are n't considered reliable for national statistics and have n't been since 2014 . 
  after all they 're just `` recorded '' . 
  there is no proof or evidence they happened . 
  i could call the police and say my neighbour called me a `` cracker '' and that will be recorded as a `` hate crime '' . 
  show me actual convictions and i 'll believe you . 
  so that 's a problem for the irish state to deal with . 
  it 's not a responsibility of the uk . 
  the uk wo n't stop them . 
  if you knew how the police in the uk recorded `` hate crimes '' then you would n't be laughing . 
  seems a naive strategy from the eu . 
  let 's ask them how much they think they owe us . 
  i am looking forward to the eu providing an itemised bill for # 100bn and justifying each line . 
  they can go to their embassy like every other country does . 
  poland is far more racist than the uk . 
  it looks like mr beans car . 
  or you just have a victim mentality . 
  nah we 're all racist little englanders dreaming about the empire , because / r/europe wants it to be true . 
  weaken your currency ... 
  racism is ok if it 's against the english . 
  / r/europe rule 1 . 
  can we please stop propagating this myth that anything you say is valuable ? 
  it 's the british and their bombing campaigns of said countries . 
  and gone . 
  you 're just as gullible if you believe those are the reasons people voted . 
  you people have become a parody of the people you 're trying to parody . 
  well he is funding the ` ngos ' bringing all the refugees to italy . 
  wtf i hate soros now . 
  you lose it after a while . 
  you know when people say ignore something and it will go away ? 
  it never goes away . 
  just last week he was compared to most of european dictators who commited terrible genocides . 
  it 's official . 
  farage is the new goldstein . 
  let the five minutes of hate commence . 
  you really have a chip on your shoulder . 
  i have you tagged and without fail , every post is some bullshit about the english . 
  such a tired cliche . 
  humanity is a finite resource . 
  italy is nearly all out . 
  sovereignty . 
  use it or lose it . 
  but i thought the brits were the xenophobes and racists ? 
  it seems you are trying to make up for it with your anti uk rhetoric . 
  that nobody wants . 
  that nobody wants . 
  famously in the uk everytime there 's a threat of a `` hosepipe ban '' there 's a sudden deluge of rain . 
  last week was proof of that . 
  which happens to be the most drought prone area of europe . 
  that 's the / r/europe way . 
  there are a lot of people who see brexit success as a threat to the eu project . 
  what 's the point trying to increase productivity when you can just bring in cheap eastern european labour ? 
  `` irish nationalist makes post about brexit in post that has absolutely nothing to do with brexit . '', 
  - just / r/europe things . 
  because you post irish nationalist articles every other day . 
  unpopular opinion on here , but i agree with you .
