this is more annoying than the standard message . 
  it 's just drawing out the inevitable . 
  city centres need deliveries . 
  are you going to offload a lorry into smaller diesel vans ? 
  pointless . 
  former name . 
  do n't believe the press . 
  the brits do n't like gypsies , they have nothing against the romanian people in general . 
   very good . 
  it 's as if they were never taught the phrase : `` i want , never gets '' at an early age . 
  the uk was like france in the 70s and 80s . 
  it was thanks to iron lady governance that we managed to shake off the militant unions , france still has them . 
  it shows the eu for what it really is . 
  in a crisis it is hopeless . 
  they 've said the same about nigel farage and ukip but he 's been right on the big issues more than i care to mention . 
  the us brings in good immigrants . 
  sweden brings in the ones that the us do n't want . 
  how about wolfgang ? 
  i like your usage of the word cunts . 
  or just hide on the back of a lorry . 
  they 're coming here gradually . 
  good points . 
  the us have been subsidising the countries of europe via nato for too long . 
  they will only keep doing so while it is in their own interest . 
  with their recent pivot to the east , the result could be a serious shift in geopolitics in europe . 
  i thought if he was black then it was society 's fault that he had turned that way . 
  my very old fridge was actually `` made in italy '' . 
  i had no idea exactly how old it was ( probably over 10 years ) but that does give you an idea . 
  the fact it lasted so long was a sign how well it was built . 
  hong kongers . 
  no self respecting national from hong kong would say they 're from china , that 's for the mainlanders . 
  they despise the so called communist government and do n't really like the mainlanders . 
  this message contains so much butthurt . 
  i found it a joy to read . 
  funnily enough i think the exact opposite . 
  leaving the eu will make us more globally focused and take us out of the ridiculous cap . 
  yes but the cap artificially keeps eu ( french ) farmers in business whilst propping up the prices of raw foods . 
  this is why i like the poles . 
  thank god we 've got eastern europe to balance out the ` tolerant ' western countries . 
  you dislike us because we only want good quality immigrants ? 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  i think you 're the confused one . 
  goto taiwan and start asking people if they 're chinese you 'll get a frosty reception indeed . 
  avoid the coach tours of mainlanders of course . 
  favourite breeds are labradors and spaniels . 
  part of the reason our dog is a springador . 
  the most interesting dog i 've seen was a puli ( hungarian herding dog ) outside a sainsburys on tottenham court road . 
  most people were n't sure if it was a dog . 
  also every immigrant is either a heart surgeon or rocket scientist just looking for work . 
  we 're quids in . 
  it 's great if you like rain . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  the climate is a magnitude of different between the entire country of spain and stockholm . 
  depends if you 're taking a young daughter on holiday with you . 
   london has a lot of third world people and districts , ** i am going to  assume frankfurt has less ** . 
  even it this sentence is false , london is  literally circlejerked to death , both here and in real life . 
  this will change by next week . 
  you need to like seafood otherwise you 're screwed . 
  it 's a diet of fish fish and more fish . 
  i 've no idea what this is meant to mean . 
  taiwan is very much independent from china ( de facto ) and they typically do not identify as chinese , much like people from hong kong . 
  i thought the whole point of schengen is that nobody checks your passport . 
  once they 're illegally into hungary from the serbian border they can freely travel to germany . 
  hungary should let them all goto germany and let the germans deal with the problem they 've created . 
  as a brit i only know about katie melua . 
  also you border russia so that 's historically and currently not a good thing . 
  also you 're a predominantly christian country in a geographical area which is known for islam , a lot of it radical , ie chechnya and dagestan . 
  is tblisi safe to visit for tourists ? 
  sweden would . 
  greek debt is still at 140 % of gdp with a currency that is too strong and nothing will improve until the huge german trade surplus is managed . 
  nobody ever puts the phrases mainland china and less stressful in the same sentence . 
  wear it like a badge of honour . 
  that sub is a `` safe space '' . 
  scary how authoritarian the left wing can be . 
  / r/uk is where all the jobless media graduate students hang out circle jerking about their hatred of the tories , meanwhile convincing themselves that jeremy corbyn is an absolute legend . 
  i 've never read an article more retarded in my life . 
  there is a guy running a polish super market near me who ca n't speak a word of english . 
  ca n't imagine he 'll be doing much integrating . 
  his kids might have a chance though . 
  second generation polish immigrants fare very well in the uk . 
  this bullshit statistic about immigrants having better work participation than natives is an / r/europe dank meme . 
  it 's a selection bias . 
  if they had lower work participation then that would be incredibly concerning as that 's the whole point of immigration . 
  in the uk you need to be earning around 30k to be more than tax neutral . 
  left logic : if 70 % are unemployed then the other 30 % are doctors and engineers on # 100k/yr . 
  this is utterly useless unless your consider how much they get back . 
  the uk could pay # 1 trillion and get # 1.1 trillion back just so we can top your magical list . 
  empty threat and generic bullshit response from standard / r/europe contributor . 
  nice country ? 
  shame if something happened to it . 
  yeah siemens have their fingers in a lot of pies . 
  i 'd classify them as industrial tech which is a huge market itself just not widely advertised to the general public . 
  personally i 've noticed a large influx of spanish people to london in the past year . 
  most of the people working in cafes and restaurants in the city especially are almost all staffed by spaniards . 
  this is a result of the euro being too strong for those countries and their economies struggling because of it . 
  yeah mate i take personal responsibility for that since it was my great-great-great-great grandad . 
  depends on your definition of giant . 
  if you only restrict it to the top 5 or 10 then it 's not as surprising their is n't a european one . 
  personally i would consider arm as somewhere up there , definitely not a giant but a big player . 
  you do n't just offload migrants to your neighbour .
