  rtfa . 
  nurses are exempt . 
  i would say gross negligence to provide adequate food supplies counts . 
  considering they were well within their means to grow the food before he came to power . 
  ask an irish person how they viewed the english during their famine . 
  the chinese also see mao as a hero . 
  this is despite him killing more chinese than anyone else , even the japanese . 
  i also grew up near this place which made for a confusing childhood . 
  it 's the precursor to the other washingtons . 
  washington is . 
  i see a member of the diving club is standing on the bridge looking for donations before he jumps . 
  it was beautiful when i went years ago . 
  i went way back in 2005 and thought it was an attractive place . 
  i had the biggest ever pizza at a restaurant on the river . 
  unfortunately the postojna caves went up a lot in cost when i revisited years later . 
  on a long enough timeline the survival rate for everyone drops to zero . 
  communism has had periods of success , but overall ends in failure . 
  capitalism has had longer periods of success , especially keynesian capitalism . 
  it 's had several close calls but has n't truly failed us completely ... yet . 
  we were the first to join the chinese led investment bank against pressure from the usa . 
  once we did , everyone else joined us . 
  australia , new zealand and uk i would put in one group , canada and usa the other . 
  i feel as island nations we have similar mindsets . 
  if clarkson could drive it ... 
  move to the uk . 
  we would really welcome you here . 
  germans are well respected . 
  what is the point ? 
  as the article states the uk would just veto the plan without a second thought . 
  that should be the theme for leave eu . 
  just send them to scotland ; it 's cheaper and would have the same effect . 
  and xi . 
  i suspect most people have no idea who they are so went for the middle option . 
  why was 31st december 2065 popular ? 
  because they like to spread fud . 
  i heard the same arguments when we decided to give the euro a miss . 
  london was going to be brought down to it 's knees by mighty frankfurt and we 'd all be begging to join after a few years . 
  it did n't happen . 
  united states 58,307 dead ; [ 24 ] 303,644 wounded [ a 2 ] again it does n't matter . 
  it was a guerilla war . 
  the enemy did n't engage with the us army in a major battle because it knew it would lose . 
  the admittance that the us army could not continue and the withdrawal of forces was a military defeat by attrition . 
  i do n't know why you think that constitutes `` not losing '' . 
  you ran out of resources and were out manoeuvred by the vietcong as the us army did n't know how to fight a guerilla army . 
  claiming that you did n't lose a single battle is irrelevant because you lost the war . 
  this is n't patronising . 
  it 's a british nuance to say that you genuinely agree/like with some one in a more emphatic way but without sounding overly emphatic . 
  great trolling . 
  vietnam anyone ? 
  yes the economist said most airlines paid for their oil last year at $ 90 a barrel . 
  ouch . 
  honey monster should be ok . 
  let 's talk about finnish tech . 
  $ , `` end to austerity '' . 
  pick one . 
  greece picked two . 
  the taiwan government usually releases it 's own figures so that it can be compared to the figures released by international organisations that recognise authoritarian china over democratic china . 
  a think-tank from london discovered that the happiest people in the uk were from harris and lewis , in the outer hebrides of scotland . 
  there 's only 20,000 + living there and it 's fairly remote . 
  the landscape and lifestyle ca n't be too different to people living on the faroe islands . 
  when i typed that i did n't expect it to happen later the same day !, 
  we would get confused with the dutch . 
  it sounds too much like dutchland . 
  they will start exporting early this year . 
  edit : early this year = today . 
  viro is esperanto for man . 
  elves not elvis . 
  the eu is too scared to deport . 
  we 've forgotten how to do things by force . 
  if you do n't use force then goodbye europe . 
  cross post to / r/scotland you 'll have the cybernats over quicker than you can say `` it 's westminsters fault '' . 
  they think elves did . 
  we 're not all like him . 
  til very visible internationally ! = famous . 
  if the only reason hollande is famous was 100 + people to be massacred in paris then i 'm quite happy with the lack of recognition . 
  you mean like when we did n't adopt the euro and the same bullshit was spouted ? 
  you 've got problems with the british . 
  i think your ex girlfriend/wife must have dumped you for a british man . 
  yep i 've changed my vacation plans . 
  no more german holidays for me . 
  eastern europe is my new plan . 
  syrian refugee puts his own litter in the bin . 
  syrian refugee ties own shoelaces . 
  syrian refugee crosses the road on a green man . 
  there i 've just written the next three guardian headlines . 
  no jobs for the younger generation . 
  that can make one quite unhappy . 
  one is shia ( iran ) the other sunni ( saudi ) . 
  is this what they teach you in wumao school ? 
  please try harder . 
  taiwan would declare independence in a heartbeat if it was n't for the belligerence of china . 
  if only china would come to accept that the taiwanese will never want to be part of communist china . 
  they will vote for an independence leaning party in several weeks . 
  there was talk of this in the uk for travel agents a while back but not sure that it gained any traction . 
  england : french , german and surprisingly russian . 
  there was one teacher who was multilingual in russian and french and we even had a russian school do an exchange to the uk . 
  when she retired the russian lessons went with her . 
  yes we 're looking at a cable from iceland as well . 
  interesting days . 
  ours is just corrupt , china is very corrupt .
