   i am protected by the us , culture comes from the us oh jeez . 
  you have a very strong opinion of yourself and exhibit signs of delusions of grandeur . 
  well this is posted by an austrian economics institute . 
  they do . 
  they are pronounced the same , but they are written differently . 
  i present to you , the typical / r/europe thought process . 
  every post that is critical of the uk is upvoted and the poster displays signs of pure joy and happiness that something bad is happening to the uk . 
  if only the were n't so stupid and had stayed in the eu . 
  every post that shows the uk doing well is downvoted with reasons why it wo n't last , scotland and northern ireland are going independent and then join the eu , all the jobs from london will leave . 
  england will come back begging to join the eu , ` if we let them ' . 
  the posters on here are no different to chinese wumaos or russian troll houses . 
  i call them junckers youth . 
  yes , only the guardian/bbc is an acceptable source on here . 
  this is wrong . 
  especially whilst negotiations are still ongoing . 
  i do n't know why you 've been downvoted , because what you say is the truth . 
  this is illegal under eu law . 
  it was exactly the same with the irish passports . 
  a surge from an incredibly low number to a ` slightly greater ' incredibly low number . 
  the eu will only exist if 1 of the 2 things happen : 1 ) germany forgives debt to periphery countries . 
  2 ) periphery countries accept austerity until they become competitive with germany . 
  1 will never happen . 
  2 has been happening for almost a decade , but for how much longer ? 
  guardian clickbait . 
  they define self-loathing . 
  it 's anti-globalisation , which could be construed as sovereignty but over simplifies it . 
  all of the aristocracy in europe are closely related , so whatever you claim applies to the british aristocracy would hold true for the rest of europe . 
  i find this statement ironic , as many italian cities are going through a refuse/garbage crisis . 
  apple would like to have a word . 
  that 's only for the olympics and other international sport events . 
  they have their own flag . 
  i 've learned through contact that they like to drink cheap beer in the local park and not clean up after themselves . 
  i 've also learned that they like to have fistfights during the day after they 've started drinking these said beers . 
  i also know some good local immigrants . 
  but my experience has been mostly negative . 
  if you 're in a metropolitan area , you 'll attract the high end immigrants from poland . 
  if you 're a small town , you 'll attract few of the high end immigrants and a lot more of the lower class immigrants . 
  this is why city populations love immigration whereas smaller towns dislike it . 
  i thought most turks in the uk were cypriot turks ? 
  i 'd never have guessed ilkley was considered part of bradford . 
  we used to have departmental meetings down the local cafe . 
  december 31st , 2019 `` did brexit happen or was / u/monnetdelors a salty remainer ? '', 
  do n't blame it on the sunshine , do n't blame it on the moonlight , do n't blame it on the good times , blame it on the brexit . 
   if big crisis hits when, 
  are you moving to canada because you ca n't stand the thought of living in a country outside the eu ? 
  this should come with a trigger warning . 
  only bad things are supposed to happen to the uk . 
  how long will france and other countries keep allowing ireland to undercut them on taxes ? 
  if tax harmonisation ever happens in the eurozone ( which it needs to for it to survive ) then ireland will be the biggest loser . 
  it 's all relative . 
  too weak or too strong are both bad . 
  because of this the swiss central bank has the lowest central bank interest rate in the world at -0.75 % . 
  you 're also facing the same issue as britain in that you have to re-negotiate your relationship with the eu in regards to immigration . 
  a good overview here if you can access it : https://www.ft.com/content/f9786a60-b855-11e5-b151-8e15c9a029fb, 
  switzerland had to spend billions buying $ s to keep the strength of the chf down , which they eventually gave up on in quite spectacular fashion . 
  the uk did it for free . 
  this is the big factor . 
  i heard they offered munich council a ridiculously cheap deal ( probably far below cost ) because their famously difficult move to linux had been covered heavily in the press . 
  if they could tempt them back it would tarnish linux and make other companies think again . 
  there were also rumours that microsoft lobbyists made thinly veiled threats to british mps about jobs in their local constituencies if they did n't support microsoft . 
  i think that was the open document format winning over the microsoft ooxml for government standards . 
  if you only use 2003 it 's no surprise you do n't see the new features . 
  i 'm using office 2013 and you can save as odt in word and ods in excel . 
  odt/ods/etc can be opened and saved in ms office . 
  you 'll trigger people on here with that talk . 
  based on your other responses i do n't think you visited even 10 % of london . 
  it 's massive and there are much nicer ( and worse ) areas than holland park . 
  the plot twist is that you were most likely robbed by romanians . 
  i remember france were hounded by the eu for deporting over 8,000 roma gypsies from illegal camps back to romania in 2010 . 
  viviane reding ( huge lefty ) on behalf of the eu described what they were doing as nazi-like . 
  the uk network is also growing . 
  a lot of it using previously closed routes . 
  2010 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/airdrie_to_bathgate_rail_link 2015 - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/borders_railway ongoing - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_london_line_extension ongoing - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varsity_line not to forget hs2 , crossrail , thameslink . 
  ~ $ 28k in the uk going off the nissan website . 
  you 're a nutter . 
  something you have in common with the terrorists you so idolise . 
   warrington , 2 children killed . 
  no soldiers . 
  never heard of it . 
  convenient . 
  you have a chip the size of northern ireland on your shoulder . 
  omagh , 29 civilians killed . 
  no soldiers . 
  warrington , 2 children killed . 
  no soldiers . 
  seems your type just like to watch the world burn . 
  actually a benefit of global warming is that the south of england is now an excellent region for growing wine . 
  and an end to bombing innocent people as well . 
  you forgot that bit . 
  referendums in the uk are always 50/50 majority . 
  you can call it idiotic and write a postcard to westminster about how idiotic it is but it will go straight in the shredder . 
  surprisingly people used to also rely on industry like fishing for their livelihoods before the ec . 
  you 're just virtue signalling w.r.t. 
  jobs and the eu . 
  yeah what a surprise . 
  people do n't sympathise with terrorists or the people who sympathise with the terrorists . 
  ni has thankfully moved on from this . 
  some people just do n't want to let go of the past . 
  this is so passive aggressive it 's hilarious . 
  tell us how you really feel .
