  i think we got 32 koruna when it was around 40 at the time . 
  at least it 's stopped cable theft . 
  we get it , they 're trying to cater for everyone . 
  a single stick figure man would also have done the job . 
  there is actually a minor secession movement in texas . 
  however iirc it is illegal to secede from the us so a moot point . 
  would hear more jokes . 
  yeah he did mention about 1h30 to 1h45 for each leg which included the drive to the station . 
  he was paying through the nose for it . 
  i can probably do 2 lunches a week like this , or i start to hate lunch . 
  the tesco meal deal has been going down hill dramatically . 
  when they finally removed the high end duck hoisin wrap from the deal it dramatically lost it 's value . 
  the boots meal deal while more expensive at # 3.79 ( in london anyway ) has far better choice . 
  so the question is , what happens when this cheap credit ends and mortgages rise ? 
  this is similar to asian cultures . 
  `` the tallest nail gets hammered down . '', 
  i do n't think that is as engrained in the uk . 
  i know a guy who commuted daily from norwich to the city of london . 
  keep up your ad hominems . 
  i do n't really care , it 's an internet forum after all . 
  yougovs president is the husband of the former eu second in command catherine ashton . 
  your/the does it really make a difference . 
  you 're just another person on the internet . 
  do n't take it so personally . 
  someone called / u/afirejar on reddit ? 
  have i upset you with an opposing viewpoint ? 
  how can you subjectively say syria now is in a better state than bosnia after the war ? 
  syria is in the middle of a complicated proxy way between usa + allies / russia + syria / turkey and factions of islamists and you can throw in the kurds and iran as well . 
  at least china is n't involved . 
  your comment was based on historical facts and with people from a european country not that far away . 
  the immigration this time round is unprecedented and the people are quite different to the bosnians from the yugoslav wars . 
  still you can deceive yourself in thinking this will all return back to normal if it makes you feel any better . 
  i 'm pretty sure it wo n't and yes that 's my opinion . 
  yeah i feel this time the figure will not be as high . 
  these people will be staying in germany for a long time . 
  mugabe is practically 100 . 
  point proven . 
  in this case you 're wrong . 
  defending the uk was our primary purpose and we defended europe as a result of that . 
  remind me where the normandy landings happened ? 
  you 're the one with a questionable education and suspect maturity . 
  yes , the one we lost defending europe in ww2 . 
  all empires end . 
  try and bring up melilla and ceuta with any spaniard who thinks that gibraltar belongs to spain . 
  total hypocrisy . 
  the economic argument for scotland 's independence simply is n't there . 
  snp are going to have to defend a campaign that independence means cutting everyone 's benefits or increasing everyones taxes . 
  wo n't go down well in their benefit heartlands of glasgow/dundee and the rich oil heartlands of aberdeenshire . 
  our cynicism about the ez and open border immigration was with merit . 
  do n't confuse our rightful cynicism with blind hostility . 
  you ca n't get agreement between yourselves regarding the immigration crisis which does n't involve uk , eire or denmark . 
  federalism is the anti-thesis of what the uk wants and juncker has made it clear what he wants the eu to be . 
  everytime i sit down in a place like this where i am concerned for the safety of my stuff , i tie my bag to my leg . 
  most bags have shoulder straps that click together , i click the bag around my calf so if someone does take it i will know about it . 
  usually my bag is so heavy that it 's unlikely to be nicked without a struggle . 
  also you should never ever put your valuables like passports and that amount of cash in your bag . 
  wear a bumbag ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fanny_pack ) or a pouch around your neck . 
  seriously if i had $ 5000 in cash i would never let it leave contact with my body . 
  i had a camera nicked on a night train in italy once , police were hopeless and i lost all my holiday images . 
  this was a long time ago before the advent of cloud backups and i did n't take a backup so i was screwed . 
  a shame but i learnt a hard lesson that day . 
  i 've never really thought about the south west being poorer than the north east . 
  i 'm surprised . 
  cornwall is not as poor as the north east surely . 
  uaf ( unite against facism ) in the uk are always causing trouble . 
  ironically they 've went so barmy they 've become left wing fascists . 
  it 's also what happened to ghandi in civilization . 
  pretty much exactly . 
  in the uk there is a separate category for people working in an apprenticeship which excludes them from the typical minimum wage : 21 and over = # 6.70 18 to 20 = # 5.30 under 18 = # 3.87 apprentice * = # 3.30 ( 16 to 18 and 19 over , first year only ) that would have been a lot of money when i was 16 . 
  i did a paper round where i earned about # 4-5 for 2 hours work . 
  just ignore him , he 's an anglophobic frenchmen who posts a butthurt rebuttal to every positive story about england . 
  he also happens to be a moderator . 
  pensioners vote , young people not so much . 
  i agree though . 
  ive stayed in worse hostels . 
  not sure if a troll or serious . 
  if serious then i 'm even more worried for germany . 
  ok i understand now . 
  thanks for the response . 
   i said they [ tories ] are against raising corporate taxes  i did n't say they [ tories ] should raise it either . 
  so you complained about them being against raising corporate taxes but do n't believe they should raise them either ? 
  i 'm lost . 
  well they are trying something different by reducing corporation tax and leaving it to the businesses whether it is easier to just pay corporation tax rather than use these loopholes . 
  if they increased corporation tax it would just make the problem worse . 
  there are some golden comments in there : - we need to leave and join the rest of the world . 
  at the moment we are chained to a corpse . 
  - britain stronger in europe group otherwise know as the bse or mad cow group which sums it up nicely, 
  tower hamlets , london . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/constructionandproperty/11860126/facebook-finds-new-home-for-london-hq.html it looks like there will be a lot more people working for facebook in london . 
  i 'm almost surprised you did n't mention maggie the milk snatcher . 
  it 's a lot more intricate than `` evil tories '' . 
  it 's a step up from those disgusting macaroons . 
  isis2 - electric boogaloo, 
  this is so wrong on so many points it looks to be written by a rabidly anglophobic french man . 
  you 're the type people will look for when the silent revolution starts . 
  i thought fresian was the closest living language to modern english . 
  is that around the netherlands region ? 
  the uk left are going apeshit over cameron wanting a 4 year wait until you can claim benefits . 
  all the immigrants want to live in stockholm and we all know what the immigrants want , sweden gives . 
  luton 's in 5th place .
