  he posts are purely negative news about the uk . 
  in a previous post he claimed the uk was the most undemocratic country in europe after brexit , and when it was pointed out that we just had a democratic referendum he claimed it was `` populism '' . 
  dollars not pounds . 
  that probably opens me up to more jokes than it 's worth . 
  i googled `` uk council flat '' and it was in the first few results with the best angle  it looks identical to the council flats near where i grew up . 
  japan is already trying . 
  it is n't going too well . 
  just think about china , 25 % will be over 65 by 2050 . 
  diabetes comes with all kinds of expensive and complicated side effects . 
  amputations , blindness etc. 
  by the time you 're dead you 've probably more than made up for the costs . 
  the uk is vat free on all food deemed non-luxury . 
  i think we had to get a special dispensation from the eu for that as there is no allowance for zero-rate vat under eu law . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/value-added_tax_ ( united_kingdom ) we also have a sugar tax due on soft drinks in april 2018 . https://www.gov.uk/government/news/soft-drinks-industry-levy-12-things-you-should-know, 
  this is happening , but only in major cities and slowly . 
  there is a cultural dislike in britain towards high-rise living . 
  it probably stems from council flats like these . 
  read the news source . 
  you 'll quickly learn which ones to ignore . 
  ignore independent , guardian and mostly the bbc for brit bashing . 
  ignore daily mail , express for immigrant bashing . 
  we 're one of the most tolerant countries in the world yet some would like to paint us otherwise . 
  you post a lot of anti-english comments on here , you are quite obsessed with us . 
  is this a common symptom of europhile hysteria ? 
  i think every post i ever read from her is a jibe at the uk and specifically england . 
  we have articles that are editorials about every other european politicians thought about brexit as well , no matter how minor . 
  if we were n't talking about brexit we would be talking about immigrants . 
  if we were n't talking about them then it would probably be greece/italy again . 
  suppposed ` hate crimes ' after brexit against eastern europeans/gays are posted on / r/europe frequently . 
  article complaining about the over categorisation of said hate crimes , local news . 
  i 'm glad you agree . 
  brexit is like the movie ` the firm ' where anyone who tries to leave accidentally dies in surprising circumstances . 
  the first story was put forward as an idea and was dumped 6 days later . 
  that second story was a misunderstanding and has been denied by the uk government . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/8de9294a-8caa-11e6-8cb7-e7ada1d123b1 judge on what we actually do not what you read on the guardian and the independent . 
  thanks for confirming that . 
  the uk had a national referendum that some people want to ignore . 
  i think it 's you who lacks comprehension . 
  you 've just made up a sentence to poorly prove a point . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyqlkwzl0zi i could n't understand at all what happened from wikipedia but this video gives a very good simulation . 
  it 's the first time i 've heard about this in all honesty . 
  tragic . 
  i agree with what you 're saying . 
  depends where you live ; which can be said for every country and is not unique to the uk . 
  electricity prices affect everyone and do not have anywhere as much variation throughout the country . 
  i live within 5 miles of 4 aldi 's . 
  the closest lidl is about 10 miles away . 
  they have expanded considerably in the uk over the past 5 years . 
  you meant deutsche bank . 
  electricity prices in germany are about 50 % higher than the uk . 
  agreed . 
  the general populace feel personally insulted whenever you criticise or bring in to doubt the greatness of the eu . 
  he ca n't help it , he 's an irish nationalist who glorifies the ira . 
  he was born with hate and will bring up his children with hate . 
  population is not the metric you should use to compare markets . 
  the uk : eu27 nominal gdp ratio is 1 to 4.7 . 
  germany , france and italy account for over 50 % of that . 
  i do n't think that 's true anymore . 
  germany would become hypocrit of the decade after the grilling it 's given other countries if it were to bail out it 's own banks . 
  i think setting bank rates artifically low for almost a decade such that in the search for yield many other assets have skyrocketed ( property , stocks , corporate bonds ) was meant with good intentions but has actually made things worse . 
  never going to happen . 
  imf knows it and germany knows it but ca n't accept it . 
  what is soft brexit ? 
  imo eea is the soft brexit , efta + bilateral is medium , bespoke fta is hard brexit and wto is extreme brexit . 
  i 'll go for eea soft brexit whilst taking advantage of the emergency break feature of eea and creating some legislation that creates a barrier to working in the uk like a language test that demotivates non-skilled immigrants from coming . 
  say like a minimum 5.5 ielts score for any job in the uk as proof of english proficiency . 
  make it a legal requirement for anyone entering the country after a certain date to work in the uk and you have your soft brexit whlist also somewhat placating the leave voters who wanted to stop immigration . 
  it 's amazing how much bullshit goes on in here . 
  even more amazing is the people believing it . 
  and our press gets ridiculed ... 
  hopefully there wo n't be many showers . 
  i would hazard a guess that most of those 421 kids have an english speaking parent . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar_sovereignty_referendum,_2002 98.97 % voted against shared sovereignty with spain . 
  so no . 
  keep up the fight comrade . 
  consider all of your posts are currently downvoted on a very pro-eu sub , maybe you are n't making the convincing argument you think you are . 
  people have different views on the endgame . 
  you believe everything will go well for the eu . 
  i do not . 
  in terms of counting , consider this : italy represents about 11.1 % ( 1/9th ) of the current eu nom gdp . 
  it is struggling with bad debts much like greece . 
  greece represents about 1.6 % of eu nom gdp ; it came very close to recking havoc on the euro/eu and still has the potential to bring the eu project to it 's knees . 
  you could boil it down to that . 
  some divorces are amicable , although they do n't make good tv shows or movies . 
  gwynneth paltrow and chris martin used the term `` conscious uncoupling '' . 
  i 'll steer away from that . 
  there is a considerable difference between the eu negotiating with a non-eu country and the eu negotiating with an intrinsic member which currently implements and abides by all of the eu legislation . 
  this is not comparable to negotiating with superstates like the usa and china . 
  we 're not building a relationship from scratch , we 're slowly pealing an existing relationship back . 
  it 's a sobering thought when you consider the current memes about ` listening to experts ' . 
  this was one of the major drivers of brexit , and we 're not even in schengen . 
  take one look at calais and you can see why we 're not enamoured with the eus past record on dealing with immigration . 
  the only thing you 'll hear back is `` free movement is a pillar '' . 
  whilst i applaud the results she is getting , i worry that she 'll be put on some list . 
  going for apple , amazon and mcdonalds is like taking on the italian mafia . 
  in hindsight the title should have said ` healthiest ' . 
  here is the pdf report in full : http://www.thelancet.com/pdfs/journals/lancet/piis0140-6736 ( 16 ) 31467-2 . pdf page 13 for the table summary . 
  the president of south africa , jacob zuma , thinks if you have a shower after unprotected sex you 'll be fine . 
  the hindenbahn . 
  i think just naive .
