  have you already forgotten the summer of 2015 ? 
  i second this . 
  ireland is hugely dependant on the future success of the uk yet you 've got salty types like this one who seem to be sadistically looking forward to our demise . 
  it 's as if they 're worried we might somehow be right about our cynicism of the whole eu project . 
  most of your competitive advantage is based upon a very favourable tax regime which could be taken away at any time . 
  if the eu were to decide on a federal fiscal policy it could equalise corporate tax rates and ireland would suffer . 
  whatever pain the uk feels ireland will feel it indirectly as well . 
  they do this now as well . 
  depends if they want to screw the spaniards who work in gibraltar . 
  a border is two ways . 
  this already happens now . 
  depends on the mood of the spaniards . 
  exact thing i thought before reading the comments . 
  the economic logic of a school boy . 
  being french . 
  from the animalia kingdom . 
  they should put you on the flag of sweden . 
  or the future wikipedia article `` swedish civil unrest 2018 '' . 
  and do nothing . 
  after all its the eu and we must submit like good europeans . 
  this is a repeat of the lisbon treaty fiasco . 
  yes , zimbabwe is doing much better now it 's no longer a colony . 
  thailand did well . 
  meanwhile from your link the gender pronouns are simple and elegant two word sentences ( he laughs / she laughs ) . 
  which group of 2 or more people would they be ? 
  nobody uses they as a singular . 
  an english breakfast is actually reasonably healthy in moderation . 
  good meats and high in protein with very few carbs . 
  regressive left-wing ideas like these are an embarrassment to western europe . 
  thankfully these concepts have not developed in eastern europe . 
  you do n't adapt the language so that some attention seekers feel better about themselves . 
  thankfully the neutral pronoun in english is ` it ' which would be considered offensive anyway so we wo n't care about these regressive left-wing ideas . 
  if a tram crashes into a stationary car then the tram would have been going too fast . 
  we are all taught the two seconds rule in the uk . 
  understatement of the year, 
  that limits his choice of study to oil or camels . 
  there are eu skeptics in all countries . 
  i 'm not so sure denmark and the czech republic would vote to stay in if given the opportunity . 
  they put their shell companies in ireland but do the actual work elsewhere . 
  all to take advantage of irelands low corporation tax rates . 
  something i 'm sure the eu will put a stop to eventually . 
  just india , pakistan and bangladeshes most popular sport . 
  so at least a few people . 
  bradford , east london or luton this https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrb-njjkdzux0joh4fqpqewnqylgrz56mcfwwejj8sakog2lh8nxg, 
  i was wondering the same . 
  a lazy start to the day where they 're pretty much working but not really putting their heart into it . 
  ireland free of terrorism ? 
  maybe your islamic types but still plenty of nutcases there . 
  there was a bomb put under a prison van just last week . 
  if the uk win eurovision it could only be down to a conspiracy . 
  with absolutely zero chance of getting anywhere close to a uk military ship . 
  the chance of a falkland islands repeat is beyond negligible . 
  the majority of south america is in economic decline and the new argentinian leader wants to normalise relationships with the uk . 
  leicester for champions league 2016/2017 . 
  technically after the referendum is still june or july 2016 . 
  is that why they do it so blatantly in the uk ? 
  i 've lost count of the number of cheap polish beers littered around our local parks . 
  that 's two badly thought out responses . 
  two homosexuals do not a baby make . 
  life is reproduction . 
  without it we would n't exist . 
  not with each other . 
  that 's exactly the plot to idiocracy . 
  he 's missed the 0 at the end . 
  yes because we 're all bleeding heart liberals who want to heal the world . 
  there 's always someone who posts this in response to immigration figures , omitting the actual deportation figures . 
  which is pretty much what the eu referendum in britain will be on . 
  as a pro leave i 'm hoping merkel makes a mess of things before june . 
  i 've always thought the same of the daily mail . 
  i 've always thought the same of the daily mail . 
  i just found this comment heavily down voted after making a similar one myself . 
  the floodgates ... 
  ok time to rock the boat and fuel some discussion . 
  all the comments here are just circle jerking how backwards old people are . 
  if you consider from a purely biological point of view , if something were to stop a population from growing due to infertility ( say children of men ) then there is no doubt in my mind that would be considered a disease . 
  i 'm not going to bother with any virtue signalling . 
  bake him away toys . 
  it 's tragic . 
  that looks nicer than most similar sized airports in the uk . 
  it 's hard to imagine that ukraine held the euro 2012 competition and several years later donetsk was brought to rubble by the russians . 
  let that be a warning for the countries of europe that think it 's ok not to invest in their military . 
  prepare for peace , prepare for war . 
  take a train to oxenholme and you 're practically there . 
  just a taxi ride away to bowness . 
  yeah but we have heard similar arguments about the uk not joining the euro so the national psyche is somewhat cynical about the agenda behind these expert opinions . 
  59.1 % turnout required 60 % . 
  that would have been an interesting parallel world . 
  i grew up with perl which has taken a back seat to python in the past few years . 
  i find it difficult to get past the whitespace indentation that python uses . 
  failing that you can always learn java as it 's pretty similar to c # and arduino code . 
  and american samoa that red dot off australia . 
  i live 160 miles from london . 
  it 's a 10 minute walk to the station and 100mins train ride to euston . 
  granted nobody would do that 4/5 days a week because the ticket costs would bleed you dry . 
  if claudio ranieri wins the premiership with leicester he should get an italian knighthood . 
  i wonder if he 's well known for what he could achieve in italy . 
  that 's actually a good idea . 
  you just start work at 10am or 11am . 
  there are never any issues with crossing time zones . 
  i like it for several months between october and december .
