  everything in russia does . 
  what is above average in prague ? 
  its a tough sell to convince anyone from western europe so your main market is eastern europeans who will also go west for more money . 
  glad to hear you also struggle in czechia . 
  we have the same issue in the uk . 
  i 've interviewed plenty of supposed network engineers who thought configuring their home wifi and a ccna qualified them . 
  it 's the molenbeek of britain . 
  phil jupitus , johnny vegas . 
  he along with frank skinner hit the spot for me . 
  cheeky yet clever humour i guess . 
  i do n't know why we bother paying for it . 
  research has also shown that there 's been an unprecedented fall in real wages in the past decade . 
  so you keep telling me we 've benefited to the tune of # 20bn but the vast majority of people do n't see the benefits in their pay packet . 
  therein lies your problem . 
  you 've just proven my point . 
  labour tried telling people they were wrong about immigration . 
  if they try the same in the next general election they 'll be ruined . 
  how is someone wrong when they 're income has went down yet they 're told by the imf and people like you it 's good for them ? 
  from their perspective they 're worse off so they 'll distrust you and any agency that tells them otherwise . 
  your attitude is the typical `` we know what 's best for you '' which has been the biggest pull factor towards the leave vote . 
  yeah and think about all those southern irish people living within 30 miles of northern ireland who would go there to do their shopping . 
  it would royally screw over the traders on the wrong side of the border . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  i find it strange to see anyone irish looking so much forward to the `` inevitable crash '' in the uk without considering that it would seriously damage the irish economy . 
  classic guardian apologist . 
  if the daily mail printed an opinion piece from nick griffin you would burn the hashtag key off your keyboard . 
  maybe because we 're suspicious of the disconnect between what we 're being told by these agencies and what we see before our eyes ? 
  if the two are wildly different you 'll lose trust in what the agencies are saying . 
  go to boston , uk and ask them how unfettered immigration from eastern europe has enriched them . 
  ask the plumbers and builders how the eu has enriched them when their daily rate has went down since 2004 . 
  ask the young people looking for temporary summer work or saturday jobs that no longer exist . 
  oh but some old woman from the imf says that it would be bad so i 'll believe her . 
  this is what you have to deal with . 
  this is the complete opposite of the uk . 
  there is practically no left-wing anti eu force . 
  after the crash , when they 're dead . 
  32 % of imports and 15 % of exports to the uk . 
  still pretty important to ireland i 'd say . 
  not to mention the # bn of loans we made available during the recession . 
  it does n't matter what the others say . 
  what they produce now is in english , because they were a british colony . 
  it 's almost as if the us was a former colony of the uk . 
  you 're naive if you think we 're the only ones against further integration . 
  drop in the ocean . 
  bailouts/loans do n't count as they need paid back . 
  177 % december 2015 . 
  you 're closer than me . 
  of course it does . 
  germany benefits from a weak euro which is proven with its record monthly surpluses . 
  greece on the other hand suffers from a strong euro . 
  since it ca n't devalue , poverty and austerity is the only way forward . 
  in the usa they mitigate this with federal outflows from rich states to poor states . 
  germany has to spread it 's wealth to the poorer states or the eu is destined to fail . 
  portugal is at 120 % debt to gdp and is the same size economy as greece and would be the next domino to fall . 
  https://vimeo.com/116151818 muslims are racist because of family guy, 
  you obviously could n't help yourself with criticism of the english , like the majority of your posts . 
  since george soros was born in budapest and holds dual american-hungarian citizenship you could at least consider hungary as having one billionaire . 
  tim berners lee similarly lives in the usa . 
   the world is moving away from software developed by random people in their basements . 
  linux disagrees . 
  along with probably everything else on your `` major banks '' machines . 
  they 're great tourists . 
  they tend to spend more money than anyone else . 
  if you say so mate . 
  are they going to take all of the people who use london stansted with them ? 
  yet it 's biggest base is at london stansted . 
  that $ 17k wo n't seem so much if you have to support a family . 
  i also do n't know many students who make $ 17k . 
  i think i was lucky to make the equivalent of $ 10k working throughout the summer and occasional weekdays and most weekends in the uk . 
  i agree with your main point that the poverty line is a joke though . 
  i think cross rail in london is worth a mention . 
  it 's more of a modern take on engineering as you 're building it under a huge city whilst simultaneously trying to avoid and connect to the maze of existing infrastructure lying underneath london . 
  most mega projects are starting with a blank slate and just have nature to deal with . 
  great day out , was there last week and would recommend . 
  people from barnsley can go to london, 
  saw one in albufeira opposite a lidl . 
  scotlands debts !, 
  scottish economy is already going backwards thanks to the snp . 
  wild racist brexit bogey man appears . 
  the same thing happens with in-work benefits in the uk . 
  essentially the government gives you top-ups ( welfare ) if you are in low paid work . 
  the government wanted to prevent people from the eu claiming these benefits but they were denied . 
  the uk government was essentially subsidising eu workers for doing low paid jobs . 
  most other countries have a different system to us where welfare is based on previous tax contributions . 
  the uk system was just not compatible with freedom of movement . 
  irish has the lowest status of all languages in the eu as a treaty language only . 
  it 's supposed to be upgraded to a working language but nobody speaks it so delayed until 2022 . 
  seems representative of most the posts on here . 
  what a convincing argument to vote for the eu . 
  so i do n't have to stand in the same queue as those hard done to americans , canadians , aussies and kiwis . 
  it 's sad what this place has become . 
  it used to have interesting posts but has been allowed to turn into a breeding ground for anglophobia . 
  you 're right i 've noticed the same . 
  it gives me a negative opinion of the irish in general reading comments on this forum . 
  i assume most are jilted lonely people who blame their crap lives on the british . 
  you 're an anglophone you just ca n't accept it . 
  now go play with all your non english speaking friends and bask in your anglophobia . 
  honestly some people just ca n't hide their anglophobia . 
  english is the common language between the majority of the world . 
  when two people from sweden and germany meet they speak english .
