the contracts those workers are on coupled with their living conditions makes it worse than some slaves have had tbh . 
  ten years is nothing . 
  think more like 10000-100000 years . 
  i mean i could come to spain/portugal ( whichever you were from ) and get used to it as i am now . 
  skin tone and such is a thing that helps deal with heat . 
  my pale ass ca n't take much without tolerance training first . 
  well , it 's adapt or die . 
  that 's evolution . 
  it gets cold at these latitudes in the winter with the siberian dry continental winds . 
  genes are n't for show even though we like to think so at the club . 
  anything above 20 is just uncomfortable . 
  10 and below is long pants . 
  lots of sudoku, 
  yeah a whole lot get employed here at minimum wage for jobs locals would n't do for minimum wage , which is still better than the people from estonia would get from a job back home . 
  cmoon , where are the porch rocking chair remington shotty people ? 
  or is that only for old people now ? 
  or how most ppl see it , a coup organized by erdogan , planned to fail from the start . 
  just a deal between countries ? 
  this is just them desperately trying to milk good press off of a universally good thing due to increasing anti-eu sentiment across the continent . 
  this same roaming thing could be had without the eu just as well . 
  and that chance is what a lot of people do n't look at . 
  could go either way at this point but the agenda of condeming brexit as a purely bad thing has seemed like a propaganda machine honestly . 
  day by day the eu does seem like merkel 's 4th reich tbh . 
  or romania !, 
  oh man , those opinions ofc must include every implication from those two words used together . 
  where were the fucking rallies before the vote ? 
  it is just crying about not getting the result you want . 
  the part that is undemocratic is when some of these people demand new votes or just outright refuse the results of the democratic vote and demanding the uk not leave . 
  also , what is it with you people and hitler ? 
  it 's getting diluted and deviod of meaning by now . 
  people could n't protest hitler becase they got sent to camps if they did . 
  watch out , people will start calling you some ultra nationalist racist bigot soon with talk like that . 
  i mean i 'm not denying people of their rights to anything . 
  i allow people to say or do anything within the law just like these protesters are . 
  i just ridicule and criticize them with the same rights they are using to protest useless things . 
  they are free to protest and i am free to mock them . 
  and i didnt challenge you on anything you said . 
  i brought my thoughts on the matter that were very similar to the original comment . 
  i tried to futher conversation but i guess you just want to be confrontational in the first place . 
  you could protest something that is still on the table for debate , or any new issue that needs attention . 
  brexit is sealed . 
  stop . 
  protesting something after the democratic process has reached a solution is undemocratic . 
  and the trade was really all that was needed . 
  the eu is trying to make itaself into a real empire of some sort . 
  it sounds like hitler 's dream tbh . 
  a german lead europe . 
  shit needs to go . 
  anything past that original trade union was a mistake . 
  / r/finlandconspiracy, 
  yeah thats what i mean as arabic is the language of islam . 
  ok sorry , arabic cultures ? 
  now it is 80-90 % people of middle eastern decent . 
  i approve of you as nordic now . 
  cmoon , i thought you guys were our sweden-hating bros. 
  this one is n't a joke though . 
  they have laws in place that restrict the use of foreign languages in media . 
   saunas and death metal . 
  i 'll give you all a hint on how to be nordic : it 's this thing called a nordic cross on the flag . 
  but there are no females on the internet ... 
  why did n't you use the gif ? 
  more like since the end of ww1 . 
  read up . 
  dont you mean being a vassal to sweden again ? 
  because that is what it looks like to me . 
  except the soviet army was very badly equipped , very little winter gear ( ikr it was the winter war xd ) . 
  it was supposed to be a quick warmup for the looming tensions in europe ( hitler going at it ) . 
  they also had extremely inconpetent and green leaders as the soviets had rid themselves of any ideological threats . 
  what finns were lacking in was manpower , firearms , ammunition and vehicles of any sort . 
  luckily due to finland being half swamp half forest , infantry was much more maneuverable , especially on ski . 
  youre the one romanticizing . 
  the terrors of combat haunt afterward . 
  during , the terror of not knowing what is goining to happen while nothing is happening . 
  i 've read plenty autobiographies of soldiers from rome to this century . 
  every single soldier ever will tell anyone who asks : `` what 's the worst part of fighting in a war ? '', 
  - the waiting . 
  sauli here is riding a swan , our national bird . 
  soviets * and communism , not russians . 
  he was an avid hunter too though . 
  as a side on the farming . 
  the marksmanship skills came from somewhere . 
  sometimes , life is like belgium . 
  you just got ta march on through it . 
  i 'm saying the methods they use on the streets are like the brownshirts , nothing else . 
  dispute my facts , do n't strawman you indoctrinated propagandamachine, 
  damn , immediately they are here attempting to protect the most fatal ideology ever from criticism . 
  anifa in their rage against fascism have become fascists in all but name . 
  their actions in hamburg here are exactly the same as the brownshirts back in the day . 
  more like riots . 
  by communist terrorists . 
  edit : saw this on twitter https://twitter.com/commoncormorant/status/884141559544922112, 
  they want the world to eventually bend to allah 's ( their own ) whims some day . 
  the koran commands it . 
  probably found a massive network of jihadis but ca n't loudly act on it due to relations . 
  i remember reading up somewhere that the distance between the benches was designed so that if anyone from one side charged the other with a sword , the recepient would have time to draw their own before they came within reach . 
  this might have been some funny made up nonsense though . 
  nah , just the measures of length . 
  the imperial system came from the romans . 
  then that is n't like trump support at all . 
  this is clearly an exception .
