it does not matter whether they can pay or not . 
  reducing their debt would send a message to other pigs countries `` hey , you do n't have to pay your debts , we will forgive you 80 % '' . 
  if greece does not pay it should have serious consequences so the rest wo n't follow . 
  debt `` restructuring '' would be the worst possibility for europe . 
  i hope that merkel will not allow it . 
  true leftist - facts does not matter . 
  read the commentary written by unhcr `` it is clear that article 31 ( 1 ) applies to a refugee who sneaks across the frontier , `` direct '' from the country when he is threatened with persecution '', 
  have you ever read the 1951 geneva convention or you are just repeating what leftist media told you ? 
  `` coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened '', 
  does german language have only one word for people coming from other countries ? 
  most of them are not refugees , they are immigrants http://www.businessinsider.com/this-graphic-shows-where-europes-refugees-are-from-and-where-they-are-going-2015-9, 
  you can thank your chancellor for that as he was the one oposing orban 's methods http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/12/us-europe-migrants-iduskcn0rc0gl20150912, 
  swedish media - so reliable and objective . 
  no wonder that the sweden is a mess - still wealthier than eastern europe but not for long thanks to failed social benefits system . 
  assad , like gaddafi before , may not be the ideal leader of a country but he had guaranteed stability , until us & friends did not intervene . 
  germany aggravated the problem by declaring open borders so germany should face the consequences, 
  geniuses in berlin should n't think about quota plans but how to help hungary build the fence asap and stop boats which arrive to coasts of greece, 
  what are you arguing about ? 
  whether these migrants are single which is bad because they are statistically more prone to permorm unlawful acts or whether they are married with kids - which is even worse , because the cost will be much higher and in the future we will probably have to deal with more criminals ? 
  under the proposals , hammered out at a summit in brussels on monday but still to be finalised , all migrants arriving in greece from turkey would be sent back . 
  for each syrian returned , a syrian in turkey would be resettled in the eu . 
  best deal ever ... for turkey , shame on eu diplomacy . 
  there are about 100 generals in poland 's military whereas we have about 100k soldiers - i think we need to get rid of another 50 not worry about 5 resigning . 
  i will be happy knowing that there is a country other than australia where common sense prevailed over pc bull ... 
  in poland , 1.4 % of people reported falling victim to assault over the previous 12 months , much less than the oecd average of 3.9 % and one of the lowest rates across the oecd . 
  there is a difference of almost 1 percentage point between men and women in assault rates , at respectively 1.0 % and 1.8 % . 
  the homicide rate ( the number of murders per 100 000 inhabitants ) is a more reliable measure of a country 's safety level because , unlike other crimes , murders are usually always reported to the police . 
  according to the latest oecd data , poland 's homicide rate is 0.9 , much lower than the oecd average of 4.0 . 
  in poland the homicide rate for men is 1.4 compared with 0.5 for women . 
   would n't leave me immediately labelled a nazi , skinhead , or far right extremist this is why us and western europe is f. ... d - you care so much about pc and not being labeled ( `` racists '' and `` nazis '' respectively ) which leads , among other thigns , to hiding crime rates instead of telling it how it is . 
  no one . 
  we need the donald as one we have ( tusk ) is a weak person . 
  our flag is like a logic of eu officials - standing on its head, 
  why do they need more officers ? 
  to better cover up crimes commited by immigrants ? 
   all of these people are elected eu officials oettinger is not an elected official . 
  by common agreement with the elected president , the commission adopts the list of persons which it proposes to appoint as members of the commission , with the exception of the high representative for foreign affairs and security policy . 
  you should think about giving up news for good as western governments are hopeless and it is going to be only worse . 
  i know it is hardly a surprise but we should promote media that are not afraid to present all facts . 
  i will just leave link to a source that does not omit background of teenager http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-attack-marseille-iduskcn0up1rw20160111, 
  yeah , right , french black ops budget and things like that ... 
  any source on military hardware provided to ukraine , other than approx $ 300m from us ? 
  franklin took a loss of 20 % which it can recover in the future due to increased interest rates and warrants . 
  so called new investment from china = promise of 15bn over 15 years ... yeah , really hundreds of billions in support, 
   think hundreds of billions range do you know the difference between the billions and millions ? 
  as of nov 2015 according to offcial data from european commission the eu , including the european commission and member states , has contributed around $ 242 million in financial aid to the people of ukraine . 
  not taking into account refugees from ukraine is typical western ignorance - as if poland had all facilities for refugees sitting there unused . 
  try tens or maybe hundreds of thousands http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-poland-immigration-iduskbn0mk12h20150324, 
  mainly weather , food & calcio, 
  poland strong !, 
  i have always wanted to live in italy instead of smog ridden krakow but if the pay is so low also in other industries ( i 'm in accounting ) it does not seem so appealing anymore, 
  because i do n't know whether turks and for example afghans speak alike . 
  i know that when you go in a meeting with people from cee you have no idea where they are from ( maybe if you are a linguist or work on day to day basis with cee you can tell ) so i call chilla bs that he/she could tell nationality of people in the crowd, 
  and you can tell pole from czech or serbian, 
  25 years of history - state media were always taken over by ruling party . 
  there is no such thing as objective journalist - everyone supports former ruling party ( po ) or current one ( pis ) , with some still rooting for party that was in power before these 2 ( sld ), 
   polish yeah , sure , you can tell by looking whether someone is a pole or a russian ... 
   state media should be independent , and very fact-based , but there will always be opinion and bias in the news : you can dream but that is never going to happen in poland . 
  previous government controlled the public media and the new one wants to take this control back as soon as possible . 
  oettinger should take care of his responsibilities ( digital economy ) or his country ( germany ) instead of criticising other country 's politics . 
  it was not a hunger for cheap workforce - it was a leftist delusion of multicultural society . 
  had they wanted a cheap workforce they could have get more poles . 
  no , this is caliphate of brussels . 
  and thanks to ms. merkel we will have caliphates of munchen , berlin etc. 
  soon http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/cf77df8c-8fad-11e5-8be4-3506bf20cc2b.html, 
  you were here too short a lot of pc here - lis , zakowski and other so called `` authorities '' are full of pc and they have a lot of air time . 
  hopefully with a change of regime it will come to an end . 
  seriously what difference does it make that some buildings are illuminated ? 
  we need real actions not empty gestures . 
  perfectly accurate article 31 1 . 
  the contracting states shall not impose penalties ( 2 ) on account of their illegal entry or presence ( 3 ) on refugees who , coming directly ( 4 ) from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 ' ( 5 ) enter or are present in their territory without authorization , ( 6 ) provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities ( 7 ) and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence . 
  you need to check your `` facts '' http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/619447/paris-terrorist-syrian-refugee-greece-government-official, 
  oh nothing , nothing at all ... http://niezalezna.pl/uploads/zdjecie2015/144751871911007172916.jpg, 
  `` heavily criticized '' may be a overstatement given the split of french on the immigration issue http://www.english.rfi.fr/europe/20150906-thousands-stage-pro-migrant-rallies-french-politicians-debate-syria-refugees, 
   we ca n't stop them from coming in but we can send them out ( ex : to refugee camps set up in the middle east , providing both them and us some safety ) . 
  brilliant but who will take them ? 
   it 's a temporary solution and we have to spread them all over europe you are full of great ideas today - `` we ( germany , france etc. ), 
  created the problem so you should deal with it '' . 
  where have you been when mr. orban was trying to stop the flow as required by law ? 
   can stay in camps whether it 's in france or in safe zones in the middle east and economic migrants are to be sent back home if they are out of work for more than 3 months . 
  yeah , sure , just look at calais camp how great it works there . 
   look at canada . 
  another great idea , comparing canada which is separated from any migrantion source by ocean/usa to europe, 
   also very true , the 10-years waiting list to get a decent accomodation is awful should everyone get a decent accomodation just by being on some sort of list ? 
  that is bs , you want nice house you need to work for it . 
  this type of thinking is a source of failed western policies - it attracted immigrants that did not want to work and integrate with society . 
  eastern european policies of limited social benefits protected us from influx of migrants ( also , we are too poor to give out social benefits ) . 
  sweden leads the pack `` case in point : earlier this month six young men were convicted of taking part last january in the gang rape of a fifteen-year-old girl in a stockholm suburb . 
  the punishment ? 
  well , if the perpetrators had been over eighteen , they 'd have been looking at up to four years in prison -- a tame enough sentence , although you 've got to keep in mind that ( 1 ) swedish judges , as a rule , are n't even that stringent and ( 2 ) even if the maximum sentence had been handed down , the actual time served would almost certainly have ended up being considerably less . 
  but that 's neither here nor there -- because in this case , as it happened , the perpetrators were minors , all of them either fifteen or sixteen years old . 
  consequently , their sentences were mild indeed . 
  each was sentenced to pay 55,000 kroner ( $ 8,500 ) to the victim . 
  in addition , all but one were required to perform a few days ' worth of community service . '', 
  no link to source due to censorship, 
  there were no tents or shelter of any kind for the migrants - who included a large number of young children and babies . 
  yeah , sure , large number of children ... https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/ad_185058841.jpg?quality=80&amp;strip=all edit because of daily mail censorship /, 
  is anyone on the shortlist also moderator on r/politics ? 
  if you are content with governments complete failure in resolving calais situation , riots on the streets of paris and burning vehicles that means france is really doomed . 
  great comment marine will make france ... maybe not great but a decent country again !,
