  october-early december is rainy . 
  march-may is extra rainy . 
  i miss canada , despite the blistering cold there . 
  maybe it 's just the local climate in my region , but i find it very wet here . 
  summers ( late may-september ) can be deadly hot though . 
  in that case the rain every few days is welcomed . 
   grand words , coming from a citizen of a beggar-country thank you for proving my point about your british arrogance and sense of superiority . 
  now , back to my main point , who needs you ? 
  we 'll do just fine without this kind of attitude . 
  take your money , and go . 
  we 'll be better off and more united without you . 
  i 'm definitely trying to say fiscal union . 
  we already have a monetary union . 
  i would like to see a uniform fiscal policy with a neutral revenue review service across the eu . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiscal_union actually , this would likely solve also your woes about immigration , and taxation , but that 's not really what you 're on about , is it ? 
  i get a feeling that you , like many brits , think that you 're somehow above the eu . 
  that you somehow are only in the eu as a charity service . 
  that all of us are the riff-raff just clamouring to get into your island paradise and take away jobs from hard working brits . 
  it 's why you even have the audacity to make demands like these , and act like we all owe you something . 
  we owe you nothing . 
  in my opinion , if you brits do n't want to work together with us and form arguably one of the worlds most socially progressive economic powerhouses , you all can take a hike . 
  the eu is a beacon of hope for the future of the modern world , and will prove that globalization truly will result in a cooperation between all people regardless of culture . 
  anecdotally , and a bit off topic , i was in the airport a few months ago and an older british couple were wondering where to line up for passport control . 
  whether to stand in the eu passport line , or all passport line . 
  confused , both people were asking each other whether the uk was even in the eu . 
  if that 's not telling of how brits see the eu , i do n't know what is . 
  the solution to the currency is futher integration and fiscal unity , and not more separation and infighting . 
  i do n't even understand what you 're talking about with immigration . 
  what planning ? 
  the immigrant crisis now is again caused by disunity . 
  the solution is obvious . 
  stronger outer borders with a common immigration policy . 
  you ca n't be an island in the eu . 
  haha , you see what i did there ? 
  who really needs britain anyways ? 
  `` rebranding as a different sort of member state '' what the heck is that ? 
  eea , efta are different sorts of member states . 
  come to think of it , we 're all different sorts of member states . 
  it 's a union of different sorts of member states . 
  you ca n't eat your cake and have it too . 
  it would be spineless to have the eu cater to such demands just for temporary stability . 
  it would only serve to weaken us . 
  i think it 's time we let britain go . 
  they 're being unreasonable . 
  so russia was behind brexit all along !, 
  i do n't know why you 're getting down voted ... 
  i mean ... you 're not wrong . 
  it 's not like you said this was a positive thing . 
  you 're just looking at this in a cup half full kind of way . 
  even if that cup is a rape dungeon . 
  this one i remember !, 
  back in university i met a girl named siobhan who i was partnered with on some project , but i was n't there that day , so she emailed me . 
  i must admit that when i met her i said `` hello , syob-han '' , and she burst out laughing . 
  do n't say that !, 
  let 's do something else instead that does n't put walls between us . 
  i will never forgive refugees for screwing this up for all of us . 
  you 're way off man . 
  romania is in no position to be isolationist . 
  i like what the eu has done for our country , and the majority agrees . 
  you are one of the first anti-eu romanians i 've ever heard of . 
  pretending that romanians can survive off of agriculture ( as is our `` traditional culture '' that you find erroding ) is ridiculous . 
  we have intelligent high-skilled workers . 
  thats our main resource and the eu market fits us like a glove , and the eu funds only help bring us up . 
  so what if they come with strings ? 
  it 's a give and take relationship . 
  we were selling all our natural resources to the lowest bidder for years . 
  atleast now we have something to show for it . 
  and our infrastructure is vastly improving in most of the country . 
  i remember the national roads a decade ago . 
  you 've either lost your sense , or live out in the sticks . 
  i 've seen romania improve drastically since it entered the eu . 
  just hop on over to chisinau for a quick reminder of what we looked like about a decade ago . 
  our infrastructure has been massively improved , our cultural buildings are all shiny and renovated , villas have been built with money sent back from being able to work in the eu , our cultural and academic instutions have received eu funding , our economy is booming , and even our old regime is slowly being sent to prison . 
  let 's not whine about the eu and its colonialism . 
  even the shepherd 's are being propped up with eu funds for being a `` traditional vocation '' . 
  i 'll take the west 's `` colonialism '' over the east 's straight up robbery of our culture , and its inefficiency any day . 
  it 's why we voted a german to run things for us . 
  do n't listen to this guy . 
  we love the union . 
  his perineum is just perturbed . 
  i feel the exception is when people really insist on keeping them on . 
  sometimes you can tell people are n't insisting to be polite . 
  they either do n't have house shoes to give you and they have tile or something cold on their floors . 
  in romania fear of cold making you sick  taking off shoes . 
  because what nutrition does alcohol have ? 
  it 's not really considered part of a balanced diet or anything of the sort . 
  i can see how maybe a calorie count could be useful , but it 's implied that everything in that drink all just sugar and alcohol . 
  there is n't anybody trying to get their rda of vitamin c from a bottle of wine . 
  people who wave the eurosceptic card to get votes are terrible leaders , and it is n't sure that they wo n't call a referendum on it . 
  lookin ' at david cameron . 
  graz is great !, 
  i went there to a conference last year . 
  friendly student city , with the nicest people i 've ever met . 
  that city is beautiful too . 
  i love that park you guys have that just turns into a party in the evening . 
  the simpler answer here is that lex solis is the better way to determine citizenship in our post-national civic nations . 
  that 's a terrible example because both the a 's america and another are pronounced exactly the same in english . 
  america pronounced with a romanian accent has the a you 're talking about . 
  better would be a = afghanistan \u0103 = \u0103merica \u00c2 / \u00ee is unique to romanian as far as i know and has no homophone in english . 
  well , i mean , it could refer to the region in romania that is called the same .
