  we have more in common with hungarians than with many other nations . 
  i agree that hungarians are also to blame for these nationalistic tendencies , but it 's all bs from both sides . 
  it 's arguable that genetically we 're a common people . 
  anyways , my initial comment was responding to a guy who said he did n't know much about the history of our area , and i think i summed it up about right in terms of history and claim to land . 
  i did n't say we identify as slavic , as we most definitely do not . 
  we identify as a romance-speaking people of the balkans . 
  what i was trying to get at , is that we have much more in common with neighboring slavs than with the people of the italic peninsula , both in genetics and culture ( do romanians eat mici , or lasagna ? ) . 
  we have little in common with the modern french . 
  some 18th century exchange of our educated class in paris did n't really make the peasant masses french , and much of that french influence disappeared in modern times . 
  our academic and bureaucratic structures are some of the few things that are still admittedly french , but i do n't consider those culturally significant , and frankly , many countries modeled their institutions after the french . 
  i have nothing against southerners , other than the fact you generally come off as rude , and even that is mostly because the formal second person plural seems to have fallen out of common use in bucharest , which comes off as extremely impolite ( clearly something that was n't adopted from the french ) . 
  i am just saying that our country has regional variety and that despite the fact that that those regions are n't ethnically homogenous , those ethnicities may have more in common with eachother than with those from other regions . 
  where i live , i see hungarians , romanians , and germans all living very similar lives . 
  some segregation exists , sure , but that 's mostly due to nationalistic and linguistic reasons . 
  the people are identical . 
  a hungarian from mures county has more in common with a romanian living in mures than he does with a hungarian from budapest , and the same can be said for the romanian when compared with another romanian from bucharest . 
  people are n't very good identifying what makes them unique , we are good at pointing out other groups and defining themselves as `` not them '' ; despite their incredible similarity . 
  look at the canadian vs. american culture , where the former 's identity is almost exclusively based on not being the latter . 
  we put up these stupid walls and draw circles around ourselves to feel important , different , and special . 
  i think it 's stupid . 
  i try not to do it . 
  we just have our heads full of nationalism . 
  we eat the same foods as slavs , and share much of the vocabulary , yet we pretend we 're special . 
  even the slavs are n't 100 % slavic . 
  our cultures are fairly similar also . 
  i think on average here in transylvania romanians have more in common with hungarians and germans than other southern romanians or moldovans , with the excetion of the language . 
  people are just racist . 
  i 'm all over the place . 
  my father 's hungarian . 
  my mother 's romanian . 
  we emmigrated to canada . 
  i can only speak romanian , and i am currently living back in romania since 5 years ago , but in szeklerland . 
  soooooo ... 
  i personally think the romanian/hungarian conflict is completely ridiculous , and i think i have the full authority to say it . 
  magyars are invaders by definition . 
  they 're a confederacy of nomadic steppe people who , like all steppe people , did n't really belong to any one group , but rather formed fluidly from amalgamations of various winning and losing tribes that were slowly kicked out of their territories and pushed towards the pannonian basin , which they took through force . 
  they then intermixed with local populations enough that nowadays they are genetically very similar with their neighours , and thus indicates that there probably were n't actually so many of them , and the local population probably has more to do with whatever autochtonic people were there prior to their arrival , along with quite a lot of slavic admixture . 
  the culture and language was dominant however , and survives as hungarian in its modern form ( also the language is quite modified ) . 
  romanians at the same time as the magyar arrival , were transhumanist shepherd peoples who mostly lived their pastoral life throughout the balkans . 
  they consider themselves were autochtonus people who were latinized during the roman empire 's presence in the balkans , either directly via mixture with roman legionarries ( who were also a diverse group of people ) , or strictly via the dominant latin culture that existed for 200 years in the area and continued for a century in the south . 
  whether they initially originated below or above the danube is contested , as you can find other latin pastoralist groups in greece and albania , leading historians to question which group came first . 
  romanians today show genetic mixture of autochtonic balkanic people with quite a lot of slavic admixture . 
  the truth ? 
  genetically , romanians and hungarians are most similar to eachother and other slavic people around them . 
  the cuture and languages of both people is rooted in historical people with which the current population has little in common with and probably would have trouble even understanding . 
  nation states are a fiction , and they are two sides of the same people squabbling over lines drawn arbitrarily in the sand . 
  not necessarily . 
  what about dalmatia ? 
  the latin-speaking original inhabitants survived in the walled cities while the countryside was populated by slavic-speaking peoples , who eventually came to dominate the region . 
  i love his cheeky smile at the camera . 
  no , because as a country , it 's important for your national security to be able to feed your own people internally . 
  if you `` free up '' your own agricultural sector , by allowing your neighbour to undercut your own farmers , you end up with decreased means to produce food in times of scarcity and your neighbour will have you by the proverbial balls . 
  it 's the same thing that happened a year or two ago with oil in canada . 
  the middle east released a huge reserve of oil , making crude much cheaper , and forced canadian oil extractors to shut down because their extraction method was more costly and unprofitable . 
  now the middle eastern producers control the price , and in the not-so-distant future when they decide to raise the price , the canadian oil companies wo n't be able to compete as they will again have to start from scratch with the infrastructure . 
  same thing can happen with agriculture . 
  it 's why national governments choose to subsidize unprofitable agriculture industries . 
  i mean , it 's a cool thing to know about if you have some old documents or an interesting story . 
  something to tell your kids or grandkids when they ask . 
  ofcourse , it is meaningless , but then again , so are most things in this life . 
  truth be told even in european history ethnicity was super fluid with mixing of all sorts of people . 
  yeah . . 
  i mean , i ca n't believe i forgot to mention this , our president 's name is fucking klaus for cryin ' out loud . 
  i do n't know why someone from germany would say we do n't have history in common when germans literally colonized transylvania . 
  yes , i agree we have important french ties , but it 's debatable if they were more influential than germany for us . 
  we had our educated elite import a lot from france , and we were definitely a very francophile nation , but i do n't know how much of that was reciprocated from paris . 
  i personally believe we had much more german influence for a much longer period of time . 
  this is also mostly speaking for transylvania . 
  in the rest of the country there was much less german influence , and the capital was admitedly much closer to france . 
  sort of . 
  not like germany though . 
  we had a sizeable german population , which we cant say about the french, 
  half of romania was under austro-hungarian rule and it encouraged german settling in the area . 
  most of transylvania 's biggest cities were populated by saxons in the interior and schwabs to the south . 
  german was one of the most spoken languages in the region . 
  we had a habsburg king after unification . 
  i do n't see how there is n't a common culture and history between here and germany . 
  i agree with other western european countries , but german presence is definitely felt here . 
  in canada , my cc is at 25 % and mortgage at 1.3 %, 
  lmao the sign clearly says `` no gay marriage or adoptions '' . 
  what a joke . 
  interesting . 
  i was always told women end up looking like their fathers , and men like their mothers , and somehow those are the ones who turn out more attractive than if it were the other way around . 
  wicked , i will definitely do !, 
  thanks !, 
  well , it 's my goal to learn the language . 
  it 's the main reason i 'm going there , so i 'm hoping to use this as a full immersion type deal and try and speak as much as possible in french . 
  i can understand most of it when spoken and nearly all if i see it written . 
  i just have n't had much practice , so finding the words is my main problem . 
  i agree that the official fare is cheap . 
  even compared to the rest of the country . 
  but 9 times out of 10 i 've had problems with them . 
  especially in the evenings . 
  they 're famous for it . 
  i 'm surprised you 've been so lucky as to not have encountered it . 
  they often refuse to run the meter , and charge like 4x what the fare actually costs . 
  they keep giving you the same excuse that they have to drive back to whatever location they 're picking you up from , and that it costs gas , blah blah blah . 
  if you do manage to get them to start the meter , they might spin you around the city for extra cash . 
  they 're scumbags . 
  it 's best to either use the clever taxi app since you can leave reviews , or know the exact cost to get from point a to point b and negotiate beforehand on that .
