there is also something to say about body language and subtle clues given by the patient that a lot of docs overlook . 
  so you might get better at reading people if your language skills are n't as great . 
  it 's all part of the arsenal . 
  yeah , it really feels like i 'm watching a russian bollywood . 
  in a good way of course . 
  you can tell the list is directly proportional to how likely we are to go there and pick tomatoes for minimum wage . 
   just kidding , but a lot of us go over to these countries to work , because better salaries and similarities in language . 
  it 's why spain always gives romania so many points in eurovision , because a lot of us are already there . 
  uh , sure , you feel you are really in the heart of eastern europe in moldova . 
  not really comparable to colombia , but it 's something . 
  rural villages can be a bit like that . 
  chisinau is fairly modern , but decrepit as most their buildings have n't been invested in or properly maintained . 
  transnistria has a cool albeit scary vibe . 
  there just is n't too much there , like barely a couple of restaurants in their capital . 
  try it out if you have the time . 
  you wo n't know what i 'm on about until you check it out . 
  it 's pretty cheap . 
  you can eat a meal at a nice restaurant for like 3-5 euros . 
  cabs are like 3 euros across chisinau . 
  you do n't need so much money . 
  if you do airbnb , you can find hotels at like 20 euro a night . 
  and hey , you 'll support the economy of a country that needs it . 
  yes/no . 
  depends what you want to do there . 
  i was there recently with a few friends and it is refreshing that everything is pretty cheap even compared to romanian standards , but there 's not too much to do . 
  not as many people speak english as they would in romania . 
  there 's not too much to do , but there is a pretty good night life in chisinau . 
  do n't go to the strip clubs though . 
  there 's the worlds largest wine cellar , which is cool , i guess . 
  good looking girls there , but again , you 'll need knowledge of russian , ukranian , or romanian to interact with them . 
  i have mixed feelings about it as a whole . 
  it 's where the ussr arbitrarily decided to draw their border with the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  then , as happened throughout the ussr , train loads of people were brought in/deported elsewhere . 
  i spent some time in moldova recently and what was most surprising to me is how the local people look up to russia as some sort of great economic opportunity . 
  as if russia is still some superpower . 
  a lot of them go and work there because they have visa free access to that labour market . 
  like this , they all learn russian , and foster pro-russian sentiments . 
  most of the eu imposes visas for moldovans even for travel purposes , so we also isolate them , and thus they do n't really feel european . 
  i wonder how this would compare to suicide rates . 
  it 's depressing to read these kinds of things about moldova . 
  the solution would be an integration with romania , and like this , perhaps other countries would react more passionately about russian occupation of a european nation . 
  i fear that moldova is not going to ever function as its own state . 
  there are master sommeliers you know with an actual certification in this stuff . 
  only like 200 people out there . 
  old flemish brown ale is undoubtably the best !, 
  well , that 's sketchy . 
  i thought you guys stopped being franks a while ago , like in the middle ages . 
  but yeah i doubt culture will be eroded the way people might think . 
  look at the cultural quirks at a regional level in countries . 
  european countries themselves are hardly culturally homogenous . 
  you almost invariably will find multiple culturally diverse enclaves within every state . 
  we just assumed our tailor-made national identities around the late 1700s-1800s through various national awakenings that sort of blanketed the nation , but it did n't eliminate regional culture . 
  i think same will happen with a european identity . 
  we will all assume a common european identity , but we will always keep our regional/state culture . 
  kind of how you will first and foremost be from your city , then your province , then you country , and then european . 
  maybe , but in truth all communist countries had high literacy rates . 
  school was enforced . 
  everyone had to have a job . 
  it 's easy to force education onto a people when you can force people to attend it and pay your teachers in monthly food rations . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  it 's a cultural exchange , and 6 months in a foreign country forces you to mingle and branch out , even if you have a handful of other erasmus students to hang out with . 
  also , their own universities are paying for it , so it 's not coming from the glorious finnish taxpayer . 
  let the youth enjoy themselves a little . 
  it 's not like they 'll get a chance to do it when they graduate and the rough reality of the job market hits them . 
  it 's a good program . 
  i agree though that what should n't happen is the unwritten rule that erasmus students can skate through courses , and professors are hesitant to fail them . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  yes , i can see how this helps employers , but not necessarily the workers , or really the economy . 
  as someone said below , it might increase competition and cause an influx of new industry . 
  although i guess with an increase in productivity at a lower price , you might see layoffs also , which could offset any gains . 
  i 'd be cautious . 
  workers ' rights are hard won , and easily lost . 
  i hope it 's a worthwhile trade for france . 
  it translates as having to toil an extra hour a day for every citizen in the hopes there will be a significant growth in the economy . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  i did n't know what the actual cause of increased unemployment , or the actual situation . 
  as for increasing competitiveness , i suppose it 's possible . 
  i mean , it 's not going to take any manufacturing away from south east asia or something , but it might help a bit . 
  i question whether it 's worth it though . 
  it would make the average frenchman quite a bit more miserable no ? 
  if the gain will be significant , then sure , but who can tell how much new buisness this will bring in . 
  it seems like a gamble to me . 
  i recently read about the spike in unemployment in france ( 10 % i believe it was ) . 
  can someone explain how this is going to help that ? 
  you 'd think with lower hours , you would need to hire more workers . 
  but how is pablo the pool boy supposed to spend his afternoon ? 
  please hold on three more years , so i can finish my degree and bounce on out of here . 
  someone pass me the duct tape !, 
  we just got ta make it last a little longer !, 
  jokes aside , this would be pretty terrible for most people . 
  i was on a road trip a few months ago to a non-eu country with some scandinavian fellows , and they were shocked that it took us three hours to pass through the border because of the line . 
  they said they 've never dealt with something like that , and could n't understand why we had to wait in two lines ( exiting country 's & entering country 's ) . 
  borders suck , and speaking as a canadian , european countries are wayyyyy too small to have them . 
  it 's like every couple of hours you 'll hit a traffic jam lasting a few hours . 
  does nobody else remember this kind of shit show ? 
  let 's just stop pussyfooting and secure our outer borders by funding the outer schengen countries . 
  maybe just the local climate of where i live , but we get days of non stop rain also . 
  i mean , it 's no dublin , but i find it rainier than what i 'd like it to be . 
  central transylvania reporting in : it 's very rainy and wet here . 
  it snows a handful of times during the year , and then it sort of melts a couple of days later into a muddy mess .
