  i guess you could call it the republic of moldova , or use the name , district , country format to clarify . 
  i see a lot of english people in this thread correcting scots about how the scottish feel towards independence . 
  it 's not extremely cheap here . 
  it 's among the cheaper , but comparatively the same pricing with all other big supermarkets . 
  still , terrible quality . 
  living in romania now but i 'm from canada , and i can confirm this . 
  in general things here are inferior quality , and cost just as much . 
  i read nutrition and ingredient labels all the time and find most deli meats at around 40 % actual meat . 
  cereal here is one of the worst offenders . 
  the musli and stuff has almost no nuts , fruits , or seeds , and is mainly just oats/whatever cheap expanded grain they can put in . 
  lookin ' at you lidl brand . 
  after the us presidential election polls , and the polls surrounding brexit , i do not see any reason to trust this at all . 
  i 've seen tamaioasa and feteasca at the lcbo a lot , so you can definitely get it anywhere in ontario . 
  it 's why i do n't want to live forever in france . 
  it pretty much strips you of the right to own private property , and your ownership actually becomes life-time rent . 
  hey , i 'm in lyon and have been knocking things off of the list of things you recommended . 
  just wanted to say thanks !, 
  it 's been a good time . 
  cheers !, 
  absolutely not canadian . 
  whisky is the preferred canadian spelling . 
  most canadian whisky is rye . 
  romania is wrong . 
  it 's 0.2 g/l https://www.odat.ro/noul-cod-rutier-amenzile-si-bautura-la-volan/, 
  shhhh !, 
  do n't spoil the secret !, 
  political parties are rarely single issue . 
  you can vote for a party and not agree with 100 % of its platform . 
  trudeau , and his sixth sense for the camera is the only one staring directly at the photographer . 
  there 's a truth behind the media ass kissing that has become somewhat of a meme in canada . 
  it 's like he feels it . 
  i also noted dobrogea seems to only vote the same as transylvania in the second round , and only in the first when it was basescu running , and that is for obvious reasons unrelated to general voting patterns . 
   hungarians generally not voting psd maybe that is true , but they are clearly a minority who do n't have a huge say in voting demographics in the whole region . 
  i sustain this by pointing out the 2000 elections where corneliu vadim tudor had a landslide victory in transylvania ( with the exception of 4 hungarian dominated counties ) despite his very strong and open anti-hungarian rhetoric . 
  a county here and there voting the same as transylvania is n't really a pattern . 
  i do n't see other counties consistently voting the same as transylvania in first rounds . 
  in the second rounds we see a different pattern , but that is second intent and only when given a binary choice . 
  also you can see historic borders well represented on these political maps . 
  literally the mountains divide the country . 
  i think its a cultural divide , but some will say it 's purely an economic one due to regional development . 
  in the context of any steppe peoples , yes , the term mixed is completely meaningless . 
  they are all essentially a motley crew of various weaker tribes that united to be stronger , and rose to power as they migrated west doing what nomadic steppe people did best . 
  many of these confederacies had tribes that did n't even belong to the same language family . 
  any reading of modern historical interpretations usually gives you the idea that there was a certain fluidity among these people , and it 's best not to really think of them as an ethnic group per say . 
  it 's awesome that you say this . 
  i was trying to figure out who was who without looking at the flags ( since the arms are all crossed anyways ) , and i decided the guy with glasses looks more french than the smiley young guy . 
  i matched up the flags , and felt a bit of disappointment at having got it wrong , but then i read your comment and i am happy again . 
  it 's the little victories . 
  ok , but can you name another ? 
  london , on, 
  yeah , that 's more reasonable . 
  our uniform policy was clearly there just to protect that store 's interests . 
  maybe it initially started as a benevolent uniform policy but it morphed into a corrupt corporate monopoly real quick . 
  i had school uniforms . 
  the only thing that i hated about them ( and still do to this day ) was that you were forced to buy them from a monopoly that produced all the uniforms for highschools in the region . 
  this was in canada and the store was named mccarthy 's . 
  it sold absolutely shitty quality clothes at outrageous prices . 
  like  $ 100 for a pair of really bad quality beige trousers . 
  also the schools hired a security guard whose sole purpose was to go around and check uniforms . 
  including labels in the pants to ensure it was from that particular store and not some generic brand . 
  it was outrageous and corrupt . 
  agreed . 
  ceausescu and earthquakes . 
  i really wish it would 've been nicer . 
  the saving grace is that we do have nicer cities than bucharest in the country , albeit much much smaller . 
  i am not jealous of them either . 
  i 'm just ashamed of our capital . 
  we could 've had a beautiful european capital , but we got bucharest instead . 
  it 's not great to be reliant on another country for energy . 
  look at russia and moldova for natural gas as an example . 
  the real joke here is macedonia, 
  i agree ! ... 
  with your username choice . 
  according to wikipaedia :  the flags of other states may be hoisted on romanian territory only together with the national flag and only on the occasion of visits with an official state character , international festivities and meetings , on official buildings and in public places specified in law no . 
  in such cases , the flag of romania is hoisted in the place of honor , that is in the center , if the number of flags is odd , or to the right of the flag with which it occupies the center if the number of flags is even . 
  in such cases , all flags must have the same dimensions ( but not proportions , which are fixed by each respective country ) . 
  the flag of the european union is raised next to the flag of romania , to the left of the latter . 
  technically that law applies to all flags on any building/area private or public . 
  though nobody will really enforce it on private residences . 
  it 's technically illegal for me to just fly any country 's flag on my house unless the romanian one is also flown beside it higher/larger . 
  i am close to the academic community in romania , and i think this is definitely a step in the wrong direction . 
  academics in romania are far to self congratulatory as it is . 
  they bend the rules like crazy . 
  i sat on a univeristy senate for a while , and i have seen `` open point-based contests '' that are mandatory for an publicly held position that are clearly already tailored with a specific person in mind . 
  ofcourse romanian academics do n't like `` meritocracy '' , they 've rarely had to deal with it !, 
  we need drastic overhaul of our academic systems here . 
  nepotism and downright fraud is everywhere . 
  atleast this year the government created heavier requirements for professorship tenure at a national level . 
  we had an inverse pyramid in academia with more professors than assistants and lecturers . 
  i understand them as well , as their low wages incentivize quick promotion . 
  it 's impossible to find an it guy to start at 400 euros a month as an assistant lecturer in academia when they can earn quadruple for a larger it firm in any major city . 
  however , they really need to increase public salaries or allow public universities to negotiate their own salaries with emplyoers , because we need a more meritocratic academic system here . 
  as it stands now , it 's all about finding loopholes in the system . 
  i personally do n't know many people alive today who were marginalized by hungarians prior to ww1 . 
  i 'm well aware of the history , but unlike for blacks in america , that institutional discrimination completely stopped 97 years ago . 
  what 's there to be angry about ? 
  it 's dead people 's baggage . 
  do n't tire yourself out carrying it . 
  this natural enemy shit is ridiculous . 
  i 'm well aware of it , but it 's just nonsense .
