fun fact , the name louis derivate from clovis , first frankish king of to-be france . 
  i think he means the opening of southland , an american cop tv show . 
  this . 
  this is awesome . 
  thanks !, 
  now i know two beautiful icelandic song , this one and [ heyr himna smi\u00f0ur ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up_iee-d4u4 ), 
  england can into scania ? 
  you want to go back to your french root ? 
  mmm , the axe of vichy was meant to be a francisque , even if it has nothing to do with a real historical francisque . 
  as for the fasces ( le faisceau ) , it was also used by the third republic long before the fascist made it their namesake . 
  as for why we use it on our coat of arms , i guess this is just one of those things that looks cool , as an old roman symbol of justice , like the olive branch is for peace . 
  but ... but french is already an official language of the eu ... 
  along with 24 others ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_european_union, 
  the other canada is hardly canada . 
  it 's beautiful , and very impressive !, 
  it seems everybody is in agreement then !, 
  in france , we blame kevin kostner for that . 
  hey , do n't leave charlemagne only to the german !, 
  he belonged to us first !, 
  the best legends about king arthur were written by french dudes , so it 's no wonder ... , 
  i 'd say debt . 
  debt is the new shit in town . 
  used to be wars , but debt get you waaaay higher , much quicker . 
  oh , and it 's a little addictive too . 
  hard to stop after you tried it for the first time . 
  this is so fabulously great !, 
  thanks !, 
  they want more participation of the european nation into otan , but an integrated eu military , not som much . 
  in the german christmas market of the champs elys\u00e9es , they are mainly selling chili con carne , paella , churros , fries , there is also a '' huge brasilian bar '' under a plastic tent , for a fee you can get your picture taken with santa in a huge ( fake ) snowball ... thankfully they are still selling gluhwein , so the smell is there but it has nothing to do with the christmas market i went to in germany . 
  granted , for us it was more about drinking warm gluhwein in the cold with some cheap christmas carols but still ... 
  idealy , i am kinda ok with russia in the eu , but i admit i would be a little worried if it were to happen . 
  with a population of around 142,856,536 people , a russia in it 's current state would hold much more power in the european parlement as france and germany together . 
  even if russia were to dump all of it 's population that are ` nt ethnic russian ( 20 % if wikipedia is to be trusted ) , they still would be as much as powerful as france and germany . 
  my point is that for russia to join the eu , not only russia would have to change , but the eu too would have to adapt . 
  i learned german in school myself , so i can understand written spanish , but not so sure about a conversation . 
  in the southwest , maybe , but i would n't try it elsewhere . 
  but truly , just after you showed you were coming in good faith , you can just switch to english . 
  everyone speak english . 
  more than if you speak the language of our ( dearest ) ennemy ...  et puis bon , \u00e7a va hein , on te comprend plut\u00f4t bien !, 
  europe is too huge to only have one master . 
  if i also remember correctly , those german were deported as well , not only because they were german , but also because they were mnemonite and thus antimilitarist and did n't enlist the army . 
  hundred of wwii movies more likely . 
  and indiana jones ( halt !, 
  halt ! ) . 
  i do n't think people listen to hitler that much nowadays . 
  german poetry and lieder are beautiful to listen . 
  maybe brignoles is a kind of magic place , and now they just need to turn the `` key '' to open the door ? 
  just to clarify , in france we only call roms the recent `` wave '' of romani that came from romania and bulgaria . 
  of course , we also have `` gypsies '' ( les gitans ) that we call `` les gens du voyage '' ( the nomad people ) , that are french nationals , and have been for quite some time now . 
  both groups of people have different way of life , with different sort of problems . 
  so the interior minister was only speaking of the romani with eastern origin , not all gypsies . 
  i am not taking position here , just wanted to clarify this . 
  many laught !, 
  so you are looking for a nice island with an hospital and school , but it must be inhabited ? 
  you are kinda complicated . 
  what about saint helena , for old time sake ? 
  the falkland ? 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  although i think the ecb kinda care if greece pays back , but not really when . 
  that way , greece can still owe money without screwing with the economy of the eurozone . 
  that was my understanding at least . 
  by jove !, 
  you forgot blake and mortimer !, 
  oh yeah , bicycle streets !, 
  god , i so agree with you , i wish one day it will be destroyed ... 
  i would have prefered a buildind with a mix of classical ( 18/19 \u00b0 ) and modern architecure . 
  instead of that we got an ugly 20th industrial building in the heart of paris , and it 's probably gon na stay there forever , because it 's `` art '' ... 
  it could have worked out if it had been built at la defense . 
  but i guess there have to be missed experiments . 
  it should ... 
  but the participation rate to the european election in europe was barely 42 % in 2009 , and each time , it 's getting worse . 
  people in europe do n't recognise themselves in the european parlement , they put more trust into their national executive to represent their interest in the eu , than into the european mp 's . 
  and since the participation to the national election is higher , the national executives have far more legitimacy than the parlement . 
  in france , the european mp are mostly people whom their political party did n't know what to do with , or that did n't get into the national parlement . 
  ( i am exagerating , but still ) . 
  and that 's a shame , because a third of the work of the national parlement is to implemant the laws voted by the european parlement ... 
  for the military part , yeah , i see what you mean . 
  but as of right now , britain and france are the two only powerful armies in europe right now . 
  which means the french and the britons are the ones paying for the interventions , like the uk in sierra leone , france in mali ; and uk+f rance in lybia . 
  now i do n't know how things are for the uk military with the crisis and everything , but this year the budget for the french army was heavily reduced , to the point we are not even sure we could repeat an intervention like the one in mali ... 
  it might be whishful thinking , but if we could get an agreement in the eu to have an intervention force , financed by the 28 countries , with a kind of qualified majority voting based on the participation to the force ( financiary , military and politicaly ) , that would certainly ease the weight for both uk and france . 
  but , like i said , probably wishful thinking . 
  especially in the last two weeks of september ... 
  i kinda like the federation of nation state we have going for right now . 
  we could improve on the mechanism thought . 
  like finding a way to give legitimacy to the european parlement , having an european army payed by the whole eu , with a clear rule on how and when to engage it . 
  that kind of thing . 
  the ( ukrainian ) carols of the bells thats being sang around christmas originaly comes from there . 
  the church there have a greek ( orthodox ) ritual , but it recognise the catholic pope as their leader . 
  orange revolution . 
  russia can use their haven for their warships . 
  the wife of suleiman the first , roxane was ukrainian . 
  berlin is the place to be for young people right now , it got modern architecture , a night life , cheap rent , i would have chosen berlin too . 
  but still , since the survey was conducted on website of the goethe institut , the people that answered the study were probably german aficionado , or at least had a positiv bias toward germany . 
  at least i think it could have influenced this study, 
  thanks !, 
  those are french gypsies , not roms.there seems to be a problem right now because of a yearly gathering in the region , and the lack of adapted area that the municipalities are supposed to put at their disposal , but those are french specific problems , nothing to do with roms . 
  let 's not mix everything . 
  putain . 
  literally , it means bitch or whore , but we use it a little like the english say `` fuck '' .
