  so pretty much for every situation . 
  it is so commonly used that when i was little , i did n't even know it was a swear word and not an expression . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gseadq6sps0 merde . 
  meaning , `` shit '' bordel , literally , whorehouse . 
  you use it when you discover a messy situation , : `` c'est quoi ce bordel ! '', 
  but bordel act also as a multiplicator when you combine all these swear words together . 
  like , instead of saying `` fuck i forgot so save my work '' , a french would say : `` putain de merde '' . 
  but if you are angry , you add `` putain de bordel de merde '' ; or `` putain de bordel de bordel de merde '' . 
  of course , there are variants with other swear words like : `` putain de pute de bordel de chi\u00e9 de bordel de merde '' but usualy , you begin with putain , and end with merde , all the word within having something related with whore or shit . 
  but if you want to insult someone , you can just say `` connard '' , `` encul\u00e9 '' , `` fils de pute '' ( son of a whore ) , `` troud ` uc '' ( asshole ) , `` enflure '' , `` enfoir\u00e9 '' , `` bouffon '' if it 's a girl , you `` re gon na want to say : `` salope '' , `` p\u00e9tasse '' , `` pauve pute '' , `` poufiasse '' , ( these words can all pretty much translated to bitch ) ... or the feminine variantof the male insult : `` connasse '' , `` bouffonne '' ... its really important , when necessary to adapt the genre of the insult , if you were to say `` connard '' to a girl , it would totaly discredit your argument . 
  there are probably a lot more , but that 's what come to my mind right now . 
  exclamation like : `` sacrebleu '' , `` morbleu '' , `` catin '' , however cool they may sound are n't commonly used anymore . 
  yeah , for it 's next door neighbourgs , andorra is a real eurosaver !, 
  it 's like a huge duty free zone . 
  or a little tax free country . 
  thanks guys . 
  and now you are ridiculous . 
  so basically , you would have to choose between staying true to your liberal but isolated self , or compromise with germany to screw us over ? 
  damn !, 
  tough choice !, 
  ( insert smiley here ) still , i would be interrested to know why would germany benefit from a closer alliance with the uk . 
  i mean you guys are n't even in the euro ? 
  plus they are talk about you leaving us or something ? 
  i think that what you call rural development is actually the subvention to the production , so that the farmers can survive in the european economic environment . 
  do n't go batshit on me , i never touch any of that money , i swear ;  as for the `` france ca n't get away with that '' , well , it 's the other way around , like atheistmill said , we already do get away with it . 
  because even if we gain from the pac , we still are one of the main contributors to the eu budget in terms of millions of euros , or in other words , we contribute more on other post and get less return . 
  so if you want to reduce the part that beneficiate to france , well we will just reduce our contribution to the budget of the eu , since it is still decided by the european council . 
  and believe me , each chief of state has its pet project to defend . 
  but i really doubt sweden pay that much for the french wine , really , like as said in my first post , the cap is an old scheme to get money from germany ; it was maybe relevant with 12 members , not so much with 28 . 
  i am all for a reform of it . 
  did we ? 
  i just heard about a rumor of an opa from pepsi against danone , then the government flex its muscle and that was it . 
  you `` evil bastards '' just do stuff wrong !, 
  the money of the cap is used mainly to subvention the prices at the exportation , not so much on development , so it does n't matter for how long each country has received money , as long as this politic is in order , the agricultural countries are going to benefit from it . 
  after the war i guess the cap had a reason to be , at least for the eu of then . 
  now it just serve as a way of protectionism , so that our agriculture does n't get outsourced to developing countries i guess ? 
  in france only 3 % of the population are concerned i think . 
  hardly a necessity for our economy , but i guess it has a traditional value ? 
  i really do n't know . 
  but to be honest , if the cap were to be suppressed , or if certain post like wine and tobacco were to be reduced , the french government would simply give less money to the eu and use that money to subvention it 's agriculture on it 's own . 
  and then that would be a huge blow to the common market . 
  ( i used france as an exemple cause that the obvious one , but i am sure the same could be said for other countries ) . 
  so maybe the cap should n't be seen as a part of the eu budget , but a way for the countries to keep an eye on each others subvention ? 
  i really have no certainty in the subject . 
  but i tend to agree that there really is a lack of long term strategy on pretty much everything . 
  i disagree , turk people are still at a waypoint and they have to decide between a secular democracy and a muslim one , if they choose a muslim democracy , i do n't see any chance of them coming in any time soon , it would n't be accepted by the european countries . 
  that 's why everyone is interested by the protest right now . 
  many turks on the cost are secular , but the majority that live in the interior do n't believe in western value . 
  as for why we should care about iran , well iran still has a good chunk of azerbadjan in its grasp and could feel threatened by the little shaitan coming so close . 
  especially if we assume the islamic republic is still in control , with the propagation of same western value and what not . 
  and when iran feel threatened , it gives oil money to terrorist groups , and woulnd ' t have any problem to find or create some in azerbadjan . 
  culturaly , georgia and armenia are a lot closer to cyprus than aerbaijan , i guess it would depend upon wether turkey gets to join or not . 
  if they do , sure , no reason not to take the azeri . 
  but then iran might have something to say about it . 
  but really , a lot of things would have to change in good for that to happen . 
  you 're right , my mistake , still , them having a shia muslim majority would potentially put us right in the middle of the religion war between sunni and shia , and i do n't know if that 's very wise . 
  i am not a specialist , but i think the idea is that half the money of the eu is used to build/improve the infrastructure of the less develloped european countries , so that they can be economically competitive . 
  like the subvention for the highways in poland and the baltic countries . 
  when all the infrastructure are built , they wo n't need the subventions anymore . 
  then the other half is used for the pac . 
  never quite understood this one , everyone put money on the table then try to get it back . 
  it seems like a scheme to get money from germany as much as to protect the eu farmers from the rest of the world . 
  i am sure the eu does other things with it 's pocket money , but i am not quite aware of them right now . 
  i am alright with georgia and armenia , but azerbaijan really ? 
  that would put us right in the middle east ... and i do n't see any good coming out of that , even in 50 years ... 
  if i also remember correctly , even if all eu members are supposed to join the euro in an indefinite future , you still have to ask for it first , then your population have to agree , then you have to meet the eurozone standart , then finally you 're in . 
  so really , it 's up to them . 
  it does n't matter how huge we are as long as we are divided , right now saying eu 's economic might is like saying asia 's might . 
  china can easily play one eu country against the others , even using our own political system to bypass us . 
  we 're just like a big cheesecake to them . 
  sometime i think you guys should have stayed in your efta club , instead of trying to transform the eu into it . 
  the commonwealth always had the intention of creating a political union , schuman declaration was clear on it , which is precisely the reason why the uk did n't join it at first . 
  how this political union should take form is n't yet quite clear , even fifty years later , but we will get there ... 
  friendly teasing aside , i hope the uk will be with us , we would miss your fish and fries, 
  yes . 
  you would get in jail for voluntary manslaughter . 
  quite recently a shopkeeper got seven year in jail for killing a burglar with a hunting rifle . 
  if you think about soul in term of consciousness , then you can rephrase the question like this : `` does self consciousness define humanity ? '', 
  or in to put it simpler `` do potatoes potato ? '', 
  my frankish ancestors are laughing at yours in valhalla ( or whatever the germanic paradise is called ) . 
  macedonians ( of fyrom ) are slavic people similars to the slavs from bulgaria . 
  there is no relation between them and the macedonians from alexander . 
  it 's just the name of the later roman province , which included more territories than the historical macedonia of alexander . 
  then the bulgarians ( or some other parent slavic tribe ) settled in that province . 
  it 's just a cool name to have . 
  the historical macedonia of alexander is mostly in greece now . 
  greece does n't want the slavic neighboring country to be named `` macedonia '' , because of national pride of course , but also because as you know , the greek region of macedonia has a big minority of slavic people ( macedonians and bulgarians ) . 
  they fear that the republic of macedonia is trying to build an historical claim on their territory of macedonia , ( `` let 's reconquer the territory of our ancesters `` kind of thing ) , or that the slavic minorities would want to secede kosovo-like and join the republic . 
  i do n't think there is any ground to their fears , but , who knows . 
  hollandais works too . 
  it 's probably be better in fact . 
  depending with whom you speak . 
  thanks !, 
  i am sure we are doing our best !, 
  i just saw an allegation coming from a disgruntled competitor . 
  nothing that prove that france was caught in the act of industrial spying , or that we do it more than any western country . 
  i mean , more spying than the nsa ? 
  come on ... 
   it 's not a western value to disrespect religion . 
  maybe it 's a french value , but it 's not an american value , therefore please do not present it as a western value .
