  i never knew of the vast size and power of the british empire until i hit up wikipedia one day and thought i should probably learn some more about history , we never talked about any victory as being great at all . 
  we mainly talked about how awful ww1 was and how we can learn from our mistakes . 
  my history lessons were pretty crap and lacking on content , but they never ever , not once , focused on the british empire as being great and the military victories as being something to be proud of . 
  so basically , quit chatting shit you arsehole . 
  well you 're not allowed in . 
  in percentage terms it is , if you are about to buy a car for # 20,000 then suddenly its price goes up by # 500 you might be like , well that 's a lot . 
  but if your gas bill for # 80 goes up by # 500 , you 're going to tell them to fuck off . 
  they can claim it is readjustment for the past 10 years but you really are n't going to be happy about it , you might consider not using that company any more . 
  i have never met a lithuanian , there are some cities here that have 33 % of their population that are born in a foreign country though , include 2nd generations in that , who might still feel stronger ties to the country of their parents , then it starts to feel like the city is n't actually british at all . 
  it probably sounds controversial , but a lot of people take issue with that happening . 
  it has to be said that it makes the eu look like an organisation that simply does n't have a clue about politics . 
  even if it was all fair and right , could you see the uk government doing the same to scotland a year or two before the referendum ? 
  `` well mr. salmond , it looks like you owe us # 1.7 billion , pay up or do n't be a part of this club '' it 'd be like christmas come early for the yes campaign . 
  at this point , if putin is still the leader then what can you do to change things ? 
  putin would just arrest you for doing so then change them back again and everyone would love him even more . 
  they 're the same number ? 
  1.7 billion is higher and it is also higher as a percentage of the total money contributed to the eu than 1.07 billion is as a percentage of total tax revenue . 
  add in the factor that i already talked about where part of that extra , that being the key word , money going to the eu on top of the already positive net contribution then you can surely see why this is so hated by many people . 
  if you ca n't then do n't bother discussing uk politics , you clearly do n't get it . 
  wars are a bit more complex than that , and regardless of the eu charging an extra 1.7 billion , the afghanistan war still would have happened . 
  also on the government spending , i think people trust that money going directly to the uk government will be spent on the correct things rather than money going to the eu then out to ( insert random poor eu country ) then eventually back to the uk in the form of possible investment or new customers in about 20 years time . 
  i am fine with paying money in to the eu , i just do n't think you can argue that 1.07 billion extra going to the uk government from taxes is comparable to 1.7 billion going to the eu . 
  it seems useless arguing it though , as the eu can do only amazing things in some peoples eyes , and the nations giving a positive contribution to it obviously do n't have anything better to spend it on . 
  sigh , this whole argument has been done to death . 
  hey , maybe they can join up . 
  they seem to love each other with how much you guys love talking about westminster . 
  tax money being spent in the uk benefits us even more directly , we are still in debt and i very much doubt that a bill of 1.7 billion going to develop another eu country so that it has a slightly higher chance of prospering in the future will reduce that debt overnight . 
  us , tax collected in the uk is used as the people of the uk want though ( generally ) , as our contribution to the eu is more than we get from the eu , we will never see most of that 1.7 billion again . 
  well there are general differences between countries in europe , mass migration is n't a popular thing anyway really whether it is people from europe , africa or the americas , if your city is all of a sudden 33 % foreign born then it makes a huge difference to how people view it . 
  add in 2nd generations with stronger ties to the country of their parents rather than the uk then you have a city that does n't seem traditionally british at all . 
  it 's a very odd feeling and some people object very strongly to that happening , they 're looking for answers and apart from the eu they ca n't find anything else . 
  can anyone explain in english ? 
  we are currently deciding upon that , time will tell . 
  the uk is n't proposing no immigration at all though , that would be silly . 
  meanwhile the snp promises that if scotland would have left then they 'd all be the richest motherfuckers in the world ever and that everything would change and it 'd be the most progressive amazing nation ever to have existed . 
  and people actually believe them , utterly staggering . 
  or make a union where nations have powers over their own immigration policies ? 
  i 'm all in favour of a union of some kind , but i do n't think the objective should be to make the eu a country . 
  the eu free movement is n't about free movement of all people , just europeans . 
  to join it you actually have to increase border security to help keep others out , it 's basically just turning the eu in to a sort of country instead of being free movement for all human beings . 
  like what ? 
  we wont limit our own movement , we 'd like other countries to be free to limit our movement if they wish though . 
  it 's their decision , not ours . 
  it was both , it was always really just rich and powerful man 's burden anyway , there have been plenty of poor white europeans who have been treated like shit . 
  yes , lets forget about 800,000 people being killed , after all it 's not that many . 
  you should topple the gravestones of any family members you once loved as well , it 's a monument of ridiculous proportions to commemorate just one person . 
  they were occupied by a country that did far worse things than have a leader arrested , the germans have made it pretty clear that they are n't proud about what happened at that point in time so i think that counts as an apology . 
  which country consented ? 
  he was arrested in france on the 13th of august 1940 , when france was occupied by nazi germany . 
  i suppose it 's technically right , but you hardly made it clear that the european country consenting was nazi germany . 
  you do n't like the us ? 
  it may feel detached but it 's definitely part of our economy and it pays taxes just like every other city , london doing well also boosts the rest of the uk as we can sell things domestically to london businesses . 
  the key is that no one can even say for sure who the people in the photo are so we are n't even sure of anything . 
  even if it was sexual assault , the statue is n't saying sexual assault is great and everyone should do it , most people when looking at it would see a consensual kiss anyway . 
  they are depictions , the meaning behind them is n't saying that what they are depicting is a good thing though . 
  they 're art and art ca n't be banned just because a few people get a bit uncomfortable looking at it . 
  i agree that it is a little different because one situation is an actual event and the others are n't , but you really ca n't say that the `` kiss '' sculpture was created to promote sexual harassment , just like those sculptures i linked to were n't promoting kicking babies or eating them . 
  most people when looking at the kiss sculpture will just see it as peoples jubilation that one of the worst wars in history is finally over . 
  we should look in to getting rid of these statues too then . 
  they 're depicting much more unjustifiable things . 
  https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/44/221343070_589c2a145b.jpg http://i.crackedcdn.com/phpimages/article/3/2/7/54327.jpg?v=1 http://c300221.r21.cf1.rackcdn.com/the-rape-of-proserpina-detail-1-bernini-gian-lorenzo-baroque-sculpture-mythology-terminartors-1381882377_org.jpg, 
  i thought that because you 're german you are already square . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the statue does n't represent sexual assault as being good as much as it represents people being happy that ww2 is over . 
  generally speaking , laws and regulation do n't get in the way of things when your country is at threat of being destroyed . 
  well if people feel like their culture is being replaced by another , they generally do n't feel very good about it . 
  i think that is an opinion held by many people across the world . 
  when 30 % of the population of a city is born in another country , it inevitably will be a lot less british in its culture . 
  i think it 's very easy to call it all racist , it 's very hard to actually address people 's opinion about it and create a solution though , so far people do n't feel like even more immigration is a solution to the fact that they feel there are too many immigrants . 
  ukip says provides a simple answer to a problem that no one else seems to want to look at for fear of looking racist . 
  sorry but you 're now on a z - rating . 
  it must be those bloody cheap mercedes cars , everyone on my street has at least 5 of them . 
  we ca n't afford the superior luxury of russian made cars like [ this . 
  ] ( http://whitelines.com/wp-content/uploads/images/uploads/features/ladacars_2-big.jpg ), 
  unrestricted things tend to not be very good either though , striking a balance is a much better idea and at the moment most people do n't think it is very balanced as the uk ca n't do anything about immigration from eu countries . 
  this is n't an on or off thing , the public just generally favours the idea of having control over immigration rather than not having control of it . 
  some cities have 20-30 % of their population made up of foreign born people , it 's really not very hard to notice either . 
  you can argue that they might be racist if they think that bringing in other cultures is a bad thing , but you ca n't really argue about whether there is a lot of immigration . 
  controlling immigration is a thing we do anyway , it 's a thing every country does in some way , so changing the rules a bit is hardly a massive change and i would n't call it racist . 
  ja surstr\u00f6mming . 
  i 'm going to upvote him , europe is a nice neighbour and you get cookies if you come over to visit . 
  true , all russian politicians are certainly of more interest to the public at the moment though , manchester politicians are just ignored . 
  it 's for obvious reasons though , russia has hardly been trying to keep a low profile over the past 6 months on many issues . 
  if you want some balance just go and look at rt where they are probably reporting on some random western person saying putin smells funny . 
  no because they are n't very important politicians/dictators . 
  why did n't jesus save him ? 
  lazy bastard . 
  berlusconi would somehow survive , you just ca n't get rid of him . 
  well remember to wear your ss uniform while you protest those other things and they 'll leave you alone . 
  there is no point arguing with you , you feel `` disempowered '' and apparently that is enough to just forget about the principles of the eu . 
  maybe everyone but you can be equal just so that you get the chance to fight for something that should be a basic right anyway , it seems like that is the only way to make you happy . 
  faces it but wo n't really , and even if it did the majority of people in the uk would n't know what it means/wouldn ' t care . 
  the kinds of stories only help ukip by giving it another way of saying that the uk is being controlled by europe and that when we do n't comply they 'll try to threaten us . 
  obviously they can gloss over the part where we win most of our cases anyway . 
  it sounds like just a complaint by you because cyprus has n't been able to keep up with your own expectations and is being pushed along by people from outside . 
  you are in no way being silenced by anyone at all , the rest of europe is n't pointing their finger at cyprus and saying it 's a nation full of uncivilised idiots , most people do n't give a shit about it to be quite honest . 
  your idea of `` oh we should n't change laws if they wont be enforced '' is counter productive too , even if they were n't enforced , it lessens the inequality of the law , if the police are homophobic then they would surely enforce any sort of homophobic law very strictly , taking that away from them is just called progress . 
  i 'm not saying there is such an obviously homophobic law that exists , but surely you must understand my point . 
  and i do n't pity you at all , you 're whining because people wo n't stand for injustice in the eu and that means changing and challenging countries that allow these practices to continue , you can always leave it if you disagree with that basic idea . 
  so the eu should accept a society the discriminates to continue doing so ? 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable to say that if you wa n't the benefits of being in the eu then you should make your society more equal , the laws need to be changed first because they are the literal barriers to equality .
