  as far as i am aware they are all privately owned businesses that are after a profit ... crowdfunding is a little bit different but not really , it 's just a form of investment in an idea for a product , giving the developers of that product additional capital to design it . 
  it might be a form of alternative financing but i think it 's very much an innovation that came about because of privately owned companies trying to make a profit . 
  is there any point even being against globalisation and capitalism in the modern world ? 
  it seems like that fight has been lost a long time ago . 
  i never said that , but i think we have to make it clear that illegally entering the eu is not acceptable and definitely not rewarded , what germany is doing shows the complete opposite . 
  more money and manpower needs to be given to the refugee camps in countries that are close to syria as well . 
  as for the boats , we really need to set up a place to process the people quickly , deport the unsuitable ones and take in the actual refugees . 
  it 's really not an easy way to do things either , and it will cost a lot , but the current methods are just madness . 
  it 's a complete mess and it seems to be fuelled by people thinking they are doing the right thing , when what is really happening is that smugglers are making a fortune and refugees have to run some sort of sick and lethal gameshow gauntlet to get the prize at the end . 
  pretty sure they just want to send all the migrants across the eu and have a quota in place ... 
  that part is fine , it 's the part where germany is basically encouraging migrants to break all the rules and illegally cross borders from safe countries in to richer safe countries , that is the part where germany really has n't approached things well . 
  did you bother to even read the rest of the comments in this chain ? 
  there is also the problem that a hell of a lot of the migrants are n't even from syria . 
  oh and also that the places they are running through are n't even dangerous . 
  the comment mentioned erdogan , but turkey is a pretty safe place , many europeans go and have holidays there every year . 
  sure , relative/relatively/in relation to , i know what these mean . 
  for example `` belgium 's foreign aid budget is relatively small when compared to uk foreign aid '' . 
  considering that we are spending 1 billion just for iraq and almost $ 18 billion in total , while belgium is paying 2 billion in total for foreign aid , i think it is you that needs to further scrutinise your governments actions . 
  we are doing enough . 
  the iraq war was shitty , but by your own logic then most of europe should be paying huge amounts of money to lots and lots of countries for past fuck ups . 
  the belgian congo comes to mind as an example , is belgium paying enough for that ? 
  if our 1 billion is peanuts then your money to the drc is a plain insult . 
  we all did things that were wrong , should we all pay hugely for them now ? 
  that is what my point was , and with the iraq war it certainly was n't just the uk making the mistake although obviously we did take quite a big part in it , i never denied that . 
  i do n't think you could sound any more idiotic even if you tried . 
  the list of war torn places is pretty damn large , it 's also tough as hell to work out who is from a war torn place and who is just from the general region as well . 
  there are no simple answers really . 
  sure , in a perfect world everyone could live in perfect countries and get a perfect education . 
  in the real world europe can not possibly hope to support everyone who migrates here just because their countries are poor , even if we end up sending the purely economic migrants back , processing them and working out where they are from , policing sites where they stay and then paying for them to travel back to their own country is a huge burden on european finances and public services . 
  so far the only reasonable solution seems to be making better camps near to syria and deterring people in those camps from trying to move to europe . 
  that does require being tougher on who we let in though , something people seem completely opposed to no matter the cost . 
  you 're very out of touch with what poverty is like in some rural communities . 
  also further down in the thread you seem to be downplaying boko haram . 
  `` do n't exaggerate what happened with boko haram . 
  the abduction was a tragedy , but is n't everyday business . '', 
  well the facts seem to say that it 's a bit bigger than just some abductions that hit headlines in the news `` boko haram has killed more than 17,000 people since 2009 , including over 10,000 in 2014 , in attacks occurring mainly in northeast nigeria . 
  650,000 people had fled the conflict zone by august 2014 , an increase of 200,000 since may ; by the end of the year 1.5 million had fled . '', 
  and inaction would have helped the stability of the region so much more ? 
  you really think that a region that had not long ago been through events such as the iran-iraq war , the genocidal gassing of the kurds in halabja , and then the iraqi invasion of kuwait would suddenly turn in a to peaceful and productive place ? 
  you could go further back in history and lay the blame upon european empires as well , but in reality it 's a combination of internal and external political forces , geography , religion , old history and disputes going back centuries , and global politics/economics that have fucked this region up . 
  the iraq war certainly does n't seem to have helped that , but you simply can not say that it has caused every problem in the middle east and then ham-fistedly lay the blame , and financial burden , on the british people . 
  would you like to have a look through all of the countries that `` contributed '' in the iraq war ? 
  [ here 's a nice little list . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multi-national_force_%e2%80%93_iraq#countries_that_deployed_troops_to_iraq ), 
  so europe should let in everyone who lives in a country with a shitty economy ? 
  if only it was that simple . 
  and a couple of hundred thousand ? 
  there are millions of people that would love to move here , germany is currently expecting around 800,000 on its own this year . 
  do you know how many more people live in war zones in the middle east ? 
  add in the fact that those refugees in turkey , lebanon , etc. 
  would likely move on to europe if there was an easy passage . 
  you really think it 's completely irrational to ask questions about the stability of that potential movement of people ? 
  wot, 
  obviously , threats in different ways impact decisions differently . 
  but the fact remains that the ira would have met a much harsher response from the uk if it acted more like russia , i think that 's pretty much a given . 
  ireland would feel that response as well , could you see putin ever signing a peace deal ? 
  bon [ * bon * ] ( http://www.dolci.co.uk/ekmps/shops/dolci/images/vimto-bonbons-110-p.jpg ), 
  no , that 's because of competition and oversupply . 
  all companies want super low costs when buying , they go as low as they possibly can , they 'd be fucking stupid if they did n't . 
  no matter what happens , messing around with the free market can often just be plain silly protectionism . 
  there are many more countries in the eu . 
  times of need , not constantly enabling them to work even though competition beats them on price . 
  that 's a waste of taxes . 
  old ways of living die out and new ones replace them , and the companies can ruin them with their prices because of the competition . 
  it 's just the way the world works . 
  how long have the french been giving in to the farmers demands ? 
  and i suggest they just roll with the times , every other country has to . 
  globalisation and increasing competition are n't evil things that need to be stamped out , they are inevitable and we need to adapt to the changes . 
  that also means the politicians need to sort out a way of getting farmers in to some sort of useful work that can actually sustain them as well though , which is a much better long term solution to this whole thing . 
  does n't matter ... stop becoming a farmer in the first place if it is n't profitable . 
  it 's a pretty simple thing to work out . 
  and definitely do n't take out big debts when the future of an industry is just looking worse and worse , which is why france is making this problem even worse . 
  the more they think they will be supported , the more debt they will actually get themselves in to . 
  it 's a hard line , but you have to draw it somewhere and just make it clear that this industry will not be supported any more than it already is , maybe even indicate some large cuts in how much help there will be . 
  it 's shitty , but better than kicking the can down the road for the next poor idiot who gets elected . 
  i do n't exactly have the most qualifications in the world and my job is okay . 
  if you are willing to start quite low down then you can get in job training and you 'll learn the job anyway . 
  subsidising a profession that simply does n't work financially is just delaying these problems , in the future when my job does n't work out financially for a company i certainly wo n't start setting fire to things , i 'll get a new job that is relevant to the skills i have gained in my old job . 
  either that or i will have to work from the bottom again , such is life . 
  stop being a farmer ? 
  work in another industry ? 
  thatcher managed to cause a global financial crisis ? 
  i 'm not trying to take away from your point here but the countries where these people come from usually have a very young population . 
  that tends to happen when your country becomes a failed state in constant war and with a lack of basic resources , which are the circumstances that would require you to flee and become a refugee . 
  it 's more about the kind of government response than the actual attention , i mean , if the uk had responded more like russia would have done then i do n't think ireland would exist in its current state at all . 
  if islamic terrorists get even more attention then they will certainly not achieve anything , the surveillance will just get even more intrusive and our society would just get more racist . 
  my neck is swelling so much . 
  just empty words for the press , everyone knows they just want to disrupt is operations and make them a less capable organisation . 
  translators sure , for books and for subtitles and for business . 
  i very much doubt that being able to speak latvian in the ep does much for the language at all though . 
  i 'm really not suggesting that it 's banned , but i do n't see it as extremely important that we have translators for every single language and that we create barriers in the way of having a common working language . 
  and are kids in latvia now learning english as their first language ? 
  will that ever happen ? 
  i very much doubt it , you learn latvian first and you always will , you also just learn english at school and through various media sources . 
  there was none . 
  meh , almost everyone has a kink . 
  just googled it , and now i know . 
  amazing . 
  sorry professor , i will study more for next time . 
  some sjws are fine with porn but just have plenty of other dumb opinions .
