  you ca n't land a man on mars in the next 10 years , you do n't have the political will to give nasa the funding . 
  ( do it you cunts ), 
  and commit suicide in the process . 
  the fucking coronation street theme tune , perfect . 
  will this mean anything at all ? 
  ever ? 
  i think this whole discussion is only carrying on because you do n't grasp english very well and none of us even know what french is . 
  as they say in france `` adi\u00f3s mon petit pois amigo '', 
  no love for nato then ? 
  or the eu considering it has a policy of common defence and security . 
  i 'm not saying it wo n't happen , but you can only take so many precautions against a theoretical worldwide food shortage . 
  i do n't think the money for securing that would be well spent on propping up old industries indefinitely . 
  it 's okay to be pregnant , it 's okay to not want to see pregnant ladies dancing as you find it weird . 
  fortunately humans do n't rely on fish to survive . 
  if there ever was a shortage then the price would go up and no doubt the business would be revived . 
  it 's literally top of the agenda at every meeting `` right guys , how can we fuck over these scottish fishermen ? '', 
  then they all start chanting `` better together '' repeatedly and sacrifice a scotsman with the last name wallace . 
  i 'm still not quite sure why everyone should have to pay to keep someone in a job that is n't suited to the economy , i suppose it 's a problem that we have n't educated these people to fit in to jobs that work here but then again some people do n't value their education much at all so they do n't get many qualifications in the end : / which is a problem in society i suppose . 
  i should stop thinking out loud but basically it 's everyone who is at fault but mostly the bloody fish , they should stop being tasty . 
  i 'd argue that legally working towards a national interest inside a larger union of countries versus well you know ... permanently occupying part of another country through military action , are a bit different . 
  even if the actions of the uk damage another country in some way , i 'm more than sure that some other eu country will do something exactly the same in its own national interest that has the potential to damage the uk . 
  i still think the uk is best in the eu , i just think that national interests will always get pushed and the eu should just get used to it and find a solution for all countries to feel like countries instead of just another eu state . 
  i 'm really not talking about a huge change of powers either , the eu just seems to be bad at politics and making the majority happy , which is an extremely important thing to do in a democracy , you can have the most perfect policies in the world but if you ca n't market your ideas to the majority then you should just give up . 
  you really did n't have to be so condescending , it 's just always a surprise to me that many europeans ( outside of the uk and ireland ) have much of a grasp on english at all , it 's just something i was ignorant of . 
  so the uk is n't allowed to do things in it 's own national interest ? 
  you are apparently , with your bold letters . 
  our pm is just using this as a bargaining chip to secure things that will shut the population up about the eu , he 's a conservative and big businesses like being part of the eu so he does too . 
  nigel farage is one of those speaking the loudest by the way , ukip rising is n't too much different than the other kinds of parties that have been rising throughout europe . 
  economic hardship allows these parties a very easy way of winning votes , they were n't in power to cause the mistakes that may have lead to the crash and they are more than happy to point fingers at the people they see as responsible for the downturn . 
  the uk public is n't generally happy about the idea of an ever closer european union though , so you can have that one . 
  i 'd argue that is more of a disagreement over the eu 's purpose than the uk simply hating all of europe because they speak funny or eat odd things though , but you 're welcome to disagree my portuguese pal . 
  we have n't even voted yet , you 're listening to those that speak the loudest out of us and ignoring the moderates who do n't shout in your face . 
  if anything you prove that every side needs to be shouting at you for you to take note , but i suppose you 'd definitely want us out then lest you get a headache . 
  how come britain ? 
  i never thought of us as the best place to live in the eu by a long shot . 
  and no i 'm not complaining about immigration ... 
  someone downvoted you for some reason , your response was good and cleared things up though . 
  have a nice day . 
  defence spending is n't just throwing money down the drain anyway , it employs a lot of people and gives a lot of money to highly skilled researchers that otherwise would n't get nearly as much . 
  many advancements in military technology also help out in everyday technology too . 
  your comment was an argument though , it was you expressing an opinion that is different to mine . 
  even before the recent economic hardships , spain was spending around 1 % . 
  it has spent around 1 % on defence since about 1999 , it 's not a recent cut so your argument is pointless . 
  spain had pretty decent gdp growth from 2000-2007 , the military expenditure remained around 1 % even during that time . 
  this is n't a recent problem . 
  well the catholic church is meh , and you love us right ? ... right ? 
  yes , we should all encourage people to buy lots of cigarettes and die young so they are n't a burden on the rest of us . 
  and we do n't need alcohol or cigarettes , pubs are idealised as social drinking , drinking with friends in a generally nice atmosphere . 
  they are n't often like that , but that is how people see them compared to the antisocial nature of binge drinking and causing problems for everyone else on the streets just because you `` need '' to drink alcohol apparently . 
  op never said that catalonia should even be denied a vote , he just said he thinks spain is better as a whole . 
  well you just proved my point , unless you want to spout some nonsense about how the better together campaign was literally the british empire raising from the dead . 
  what you just said is perfectly reasonable and i 'm not sure what you achieved by repeating what i said and switching around the countries . 
  `` there is certainly an argument that belgium 's hybrid solution has kept a country together that might otherwise have drifted apart . '', 
  it 's not like he 's saying it 's absolutely awful , he just seems to have the opinion that a centralised government can get things through quicker . 
  there is obviously the writers opinion coming through though , however this is on the blogs section of the bbc so that is a bit different . 
  well i 'd imagine smokers are more likely to have money spent on them by the nhs , the tax on cigarettes is sometimes justified like that anyway . 
  it 's all fine in doing something that could harm you but people really do n't like the idea of paying for others unhealthy habits . 
  his opinion is not that catalonia should be colonised or destroyed though , the past happened and we are now in a time where people are thinking much differently about things . 
  it 's not imperialist if a spanish person wants the whole of spain , as it currently is , to stay united . 
  not flawed logic at all , the politicians that decide on the rights that should be in law would be voted for , the people feel like they have the power in their hands , even if they do n't . 
  i 'm not sure why you would be disappointing me to point out the obvious though , but i can see from the way you talk that you are n't palatable to voters at all , it 's not the conservatives fault if your side ca n't make politics work for them . 
  no , they ca n't grow tea and they eat rotten shark 2/10 would not visit again . 
  so it 's about 1 % ? 
  still half of where it should be . 
  pointing out the other members that are dragging behind is n't helping your cause either , it only makes the whole of nato look even more us reliant . 
  you 're also welcome to leave nato , your politicians obviously see a reason to stay in it though , and nato has an interest in not making itself smaller for obvious reasons so i very much doubt it will start kicking people out , it 's always nice when countries meet their responsibilities as part of an alliance though . 
  number 1 is going on under the echr , it ca n't do anything about it , i 'm sure there are also plenty of other countries in europe doing the same as well and receiving just as much protection . 
  the wars are n't concerning people about human rights in the uk , they just want us to not bother in foreign wars that are n't directly affecting us , some people are concerned about rights of people in the countries we are conducting military operations in , but yet again , the echr appears to have not prevented that . 
  as for the last point i ca n't seriously think that the uk government is threatening the lives of minorities . 
  people do n't think their government are perfect , but they will always choose to have the power in their hands rather than another person making the decision for them , this is how people feel at the moment . 
  i 'm not quite sure why you bothered to say that it feels like talking to a tory or ukip voter , the amount of people against the eu in this country is just a symptom of the pro-eu people not playing the political game as well as the other side . 
  the way you have been talking about things is certainly not helping their cause either . 
  that is all good but poland has consistently been around the 1.8 % mark over the past 5 years , after all the modernisation is done they might well fall back down to that amount . 
  i 'm really not singling poland out as being particularly bad about not spending enough , they 're making some serious efforts to increase their military power . 
  there are plenty of other countries that are really dragging behind everyone else and hovering around 1 % or even lower . 
  you 're saying all of these things to a person who does n't really care about this whole thing anyway , people generally do n't feel like even the conservatives will destroy their human rights in the uk , people are barely concerned about that right now , if they were then they 'd have voted in the lib dems . 
  i think it 's more that the countries that spend the 2 % are feeling like they 're holding the rest of the alliance up , especially the us as they pay a huge amount of money in whilst some other countries have joined nato to just relax and spend less on their armed forces . 
  this is n't just about russia either , having a huge military alliance full of pretty stable countries has benefits for the whole world . 
  the 2 % is to be spent by the country on its defence , not just given to nato . 
  every country is expected to do its part so that nato remains strong in the future , on the chart spain is only at 0.6 % and that is very far away from doing its part and taking its share of the responsibility . 
  you 'll just deploy your tactical volcanoes in a time of war . 
  democracy is n't always right , i never said that . 
  i was stating that it 's the way this country is governed and that the people will have the final say whether the outcome is for better or for worse . 
  you seemed to argue about that even though you actually ca n't . 
  also democracy does override everything , it controls the governments that controls the country , if people vote for something enough then it will happen , if the thing happening is terrible then society needs to be educated . 
  democracy is just the people of the country controlling how that country is run , if the people are given a failed education then they might vote for things that are completely contrary to human rights as you know them . 
  you seem to be neglecting the realities of politics and governance and pretending that the world will simply see the echr as their saviour , you neglect to see that you are also implying that they ca n't be trusted to vote on their own issues and control their own country as we are living in a democracy . 
  your reply that they should be grateful they get protection from the eu will just be met by people saying they do n't think the people they elected are idiots who are trying to destroy their human rights . 
  human rights is n't even a big issue in politics at the moment in the uk , the eu and what is seen as foreign intervention is a very big issue in politics right now , keeping quiet that the echr even exists seems to be the best tactic for the moment lest people find another institution to blame for their disconnect with politics . 
  and yet it is still making a 2 % contribution , they should be praised for not cutting it to a tiny amount after all of the hardship their people have suffered . 
  the netherlands only spend around 1.3 % and even in 2007 with gdp growth of 3.9 % it was only spending 1.6 % on defence , greece was at 3.4 % gdp growth in the same year and was spending 4.3 % on defence . 
  you ca n't really fault them for that , the european members of nato really need to commit some more money towards defence if they want nato to remain strong in the 21st century . 
  of course i do n't think that 's right , no point in even asking . 
  you seemed to just be viewing democracy as this thing we can just ignore , we ca n't , people vote and if enough of them vote one way then the things they want to happen will eventually happen . 
  you 're welcome to go and live in china where they do n't respect peoples right to vote , coincidentally they also do n't respect human rights either , or maybe that is not so coincidental at all . 
  and from a human rights perspective i can recognise your concern , but you should make a better argument to the voters of this country than just saying `` well you are n't allowed to question these things at all , the echr is never at fault , if you think they are then you are just wrong and you have no way of changing it . 
  tough shit . '', 
  that is counter-productive for you as people decide that they do n't like that being dictated to them and vote accordingly for what they think is going to let them determine things for themselves . 
  i do n't think the people have any more control over these things even when they are n't part of institutions like the echr but that is what the majority of voters is likely to conclude if they 're ignored by what they see as foreign interference . 
  i did n't hear op asking for catalonia to be colonised or be taken by force , he stated his opinion and nothing more .
