  adding extra layers of bureaucracy just increases the amount of money needed and distances the voters from the decisions being made . 
  democracy insures that voters will have the final say in things , i 'm not saying that the uk would ever vote to leave every single institution concerning human rights , but it could if a party was elected that wanted to do that . 
  there might also need to be another separate vote to leave all of these institutions and unions as well but again , that is down to the voters . 
  and anyway , they would n't be getting rid of human rights , they would n't all of a sudden start up concentration camps just because it 's unchecked by some people in strasbourg . 
  you 're just putting it like that because it makes self determination sound bad . 
  [ i was actually going off of this article . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-29066072 ) their source seems to be nato itself but obviously with any sort of huge spending like this you might get quite a few different figures if you look around . 
  edit : do you mean the total amount or the amount as a percentage of gdp ? 
  obviously if it 's as a total amount then it 's a bit of a pointless figure , it 'd mean small countries are always not spending enough and big countries look like they 're always spending lots and lots when maybe it 's just 1 % of gdp . 
  everyone contributing 2 % is them playing their role as part of an alliance . 
  like it or not , the voters have the final say . 
  i personally do n't have something against the echr , but you should n't assume that just because something says `` human rights '' that is always going to be good and right , countries and institutions can make mistakes , in the end they 're all just controlled by people and we all know how imperfect they are . 
  [ batter together ? 
  ] ( http://www.fishfanatics.co.uk/dynimage/product-173-standard-640x480.jpg ), 
  or they think the echr does n't reflect how their voters feel about certain issues or that voters are starting to feel like europe is encroaching too much on to things that should be controlled by the uk itself . 
  they are not too far from an election after all . 
  it says he wants the best for his country ? 
  i 'd guess about 99 % of people across the world want what is best for their country . 
  poland spends 1.95 % of gdp on defence , 2 % is meant to be spent . 
  so it 's close but not quite there . 
  i think there are only actually 4 countries in nato that spend how much they are meant to spend on it , those countries being the us , the uk , greece , and estonia . 
  how do we get rid of them then ? 
  it 's a part of the same island , not technically their country . 
  if russia says it was corrupt then you can be 100 % guaranteed that it was in fact perfectly legitimate . 
  i 'm talking about statistics not anecdotes . 
  it 's looking like the yes voters were usually from poorer backgrounds , those people tend to be pissed off at the ruling government for obvious reasons . 
  the whole idea of a no vote in a referendum that asks if they want independence is a hard thing to push , i 'm really surprised it was n't a lot closer or even a narrow victory for the yes campaign . 
  so much for being free . 
  except it is a totally different circumstance , people are quite dumb . 
  depends which side you 're on . 
  at least he ca n't complain about it being unfair this way . 
  it 's always been like this . 
  we do n't have any power over the nsa , it 'd take huge efforts by almost the whole world to have even a bit of sway over us policy in that regard . 
  we might be able to make a small difference with our own intelligence services but it does n't really matter if the nsa is still huge . 
  it 's a really shitty problem and i ca n't see any easy or quick fixes . 
  whatever their choice is : ), 
  i think you 're right , i was thinking about putting that but decided not to , it 's changed now . 
  can you see the flag by my name ? 
  i 'd think it was quite obvious what kind of english i speak and extremely obvious that i would n't be learning american english but oh well . 
  get pissed off still does n't make much sense even when using the us version of things `` get being upset or angry , please '' . 
  that is n't the main issue anyway , you should n't crusade in and insult people when you are n't entirely sure what point they have made . 
  your part about it being the most minor thing then pointing out that it 's actually affecting the very people who have the most power in society is quite funny too . 
  he claimed no other countries are remotely comparable to the spying done by the us , uk , australia and other five eyes countries . 
  the next countries on my mind for surveillance are china and russia , so i decided to point out maybe they are n't aware because of how brutal the russian intelligence services can be to people who speak out against them , i really did n't say anything controversial . 
  this was more about spying on other countries governments , i do n't doubt at all that russia has a large amount of money and man-power dedicated to doing that . 
  i 'd imagine the scale of russian spying against other governments is the same as say , the uk or australian spying against other governments . 
  you 're welcome to have another opinion or to purely focus on spying on the general population but telling me to `` get pissed off '' is pretty stupid , also that is n't even the proper phrase , the correct way of saying it is `` piss off '' which i suggest you should take note of and follow that advice . 
  well you can hardly claim that russia is n't spying on anyone , they likely do it just as much as the nsa or gchq although they have less resources to work with obviously , i 'd be extremely surprised if they were n't doing mass intelligence gathering on many countries . 
  coming from a russian ? 
  but then again i guess your intelligence services are better at keeping these things quiet , whistle-blowers probably have a habit of vanishing before they have chance to release much , even if they try to go to another country . 
  it 's called being realistic , every country is spying on plenty of other countries for various reasons , the us , uk and the rest of the five eyes intelligence alliance just do it more . 
  we can still never quite know that for sure though as these things are secret and the information leaked still does n't provide a perfect picture of what every single country is doing . 
  germany will have spied on countries that it sees as allies at one point or another . 
  okay , sounds like they can all stay in your house then , problem solved . 
  banks earn a lot of money , invest in businesses , they pay tax too and employ a huge amount of people as standard staff at their branches and offices . 
  i 'm not saying banks are perfect or anything , but they are far from useless . 
  a much more powerful scottish parliament whilst staying part of the union seems both the safest and fairest option there is , people in scotland seem to think that wo n't happen but if it does n't they can always threaten another referendum and it 'd be forced in , though i doubt it 'd get that far as i think it would be given to them a year or 2 after a no vote . 
  but hey , i 'm english so feel free to ignore me . 
  i did n't make any such assertion , i said you ca n't 100 % trust what is told or even found out , we do n't know the truth and probably never will . 
  that is my point . 
  there are many other parts of european countries that would separate if they saw scotland do so and join the eu , this is really not a popular idea for the politicians of countries that want their countries to stay as they are now . 
  the politicians purely for a more connected eu would love the idea of many smaller states as then they all have to stay part of the eu , lest they leave and try to survive as a tiny country on it 's own in the world . 
  i 'll help you out here `` we pay for you '' there you go , some proof that it happens out in the wild , lets all go home and have a cup of tea now . 
  global problem , not going to be fixed any time soon . 
  you got this information from who ? 
  i do n't think anyone but the people with the correct security clearances can see these things for sure , if it was just a press statement then these matters have been lied about plenty of times . 
  well at least we know they wo n't be inviting the russians this time . 
  the population ca n't rise forever just to sustain people getting older , every first world country is trying to figure out that problem . 
  or against a rapidly rising population . 
  `` you should all live in flats because you do n't really need those big old houses with gardens and stuff '' < something a politician would never say if he wants to survive the next election . 
  it 's really not a popular idea and i do n't see why it would be anyway . 
  it 's not sarcasm , this man saved those poor refugees from certain death in austria . 
  they did n't have to try very hard , he has lots of opinions that really are n't popular . 
  you do n't even make sense , have you actually attempted to understand the situation ? 
  britain is not emulating hungary in any shape or form , our opinions on this matter have n't been changed and will not be changed by the actions of hungary . 
  a tiny minority of people in the uk even know who orban is . 
  i think i can answer this one . 
  the answer is that he is a daft cunt . 
  but the fact is that in the real world there are many innovations each year . 
  i do agree that your point applies a lot to medical innovations though , new drugs and the huge r&d budget needed to create them has screwed that particular market up . 
  i never said capitalism should be left unchecked and untouched though . 
  governments need to set rules up in place that promote innovation . 
  it 's a damn hard thing to solve , but does an alternative economic system solve it ? 
  capitalism gives out motivation for people to make totally new things and think completely outside of the box in the pursuit of material gain , as much as we might think that people will innovate purely for the good of other humans , i doubt that is the case . 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to say , also the comment i replied to is now deleted so you are missing some context that might be relevant to what i said . 
  a mix with `` scientific socialism '' maybe ? 
  i do n't know , and i do n't care enough about it to find out . 
  it 's not something that is happening . 
  cutting labour costs is beneficial for profit , which is all about capitalism again . 
  but yes , over consumption is a problem , it 's a human problem and i do n't think it will be solved by getting rid of privately owned businesses . 
  there are actually quite a few privately owned businesses that are investing in or developing ways to harness renewable energy . 
  they often receive a lot of money from governments but i think they will be able to have success like any other kind of business soon without so much support from the state . 
  i guess you could argue that the sun is also finite and that the life span of the universe as we know it is also finite , but they are inevitable and wo n't be avoided by humans moving away from capitalism . 
  utopian socialism ? 
  well , russia is quite angry about us building missile defence systems in europe . 
  i think missile defence is a lot less provocative than a massive military base full of tanks and artillery . 
  over consumption is obviously an issue in any economic system , what is the alternative to capitalism ? 
  what makes that alternative somehow more friendly to the planet ? 
  i do n't think any of the communist or socialist countries have been particularly great for the environment . 
  crowdfunding , uber , and airbnb are all innovations that have come about because of capitalism though .
