  only the russians can ruin russia . 
  i 'm saying he has a reason to try and say merkel is doing things that maybe she is n't doing . 
  i do n't actually know the truth of this all but i know that the leader of the left is obviously going to try and do such a thing because of politics in germany . 
  almost every european politician is involved , if you think any of them stand in front of the cameras and tell 100 % of the truth then you 're idiotic . 
  there is no need to bring britain in to this at all , do n't go for low blows just because you 're a bit annoyed at something i have said . 
  it might help if you explained why , i also asked a question but maybe you missed it . 
  there is also no need to be patronising , i feel like i was actually being quite nice to you for once , returning the favour would be appreciated . 
  there are some that are less involved in the politics of this situation , the leader of the left is n't really one of those . 
  freedom of speech is a pretty basic concept , it 's in the name . 
  `` can the freedom of expression be without limits ? '' that sentence itself is suggesting that there are no limits naturally imposed when expression is free , people just make them up as they go along according to what they think is right . 
  the law behind regulating freedom of speech is fluid and different across all countries , freedom of speech as a concept is universal . 
  even if you disagree with everything there , you have to now realise that the internet already provides free spaces for speech , by not allowing them here what exactly do you hope to achieve ? 
  i 'd rather know what the people of europe really think than read some vetted conversation of politically correct rubbish . 
  how daft . 
  i 'm sure he 's a completely neutral and impartial voice on the whole topic . 
  we are n't talking about law though are we ? 
  freedom of speech is a concept , many nations have laws that restrict what people can say , that is not freedom of speech . 
  why are we using the echr ? 
  freedom of speech has a universal meaning , do n't pretend like geography has anything to do with it , europe just has n't come to terms with some things yet . 
  how pointless . 
  united ( but actually very divided ) states of europe is all that will be achieved in our lifetime . 
  who thinks that immigrants will be able to read hungarian ? 
  my point was that your country has clearly moved on and seen the benefits of being in the eu , even though it 's full of such terrible traitors who clearly wo n't do anything good for poland ever . 
  if the anger outweighed the benefits then you 'd be out of the eu and you 'd be stuck between it and russia . 
  money talks i guess . 
  quite a few other countries speak english , many governments have been shaped by our empire , many cultures too . 
  i 'm not saying that 's a good thing , but it 's what global influence gets you , i 'm not sure why you see the us being big as some sort of insult to the uk . 
  their independence was actually before the height of the british empire and they became our closest ally . 
  anyway , you have managed to join in a union that is apparently run mainly by old enemies of poland and traitors . 
  if you still have that much grief with enemies of the past then you 'd have no friends at all and you 'd be squashed between the eu and russia , ukraine is having fun with that at the moment . 
  it might sound harsh considering the huge impact ww2 had on poland , but stop living in the past . 
  poland never had very far to fall anyway , making it up from the bottom is pretty hard when your people struggle to get off the ground . 
  if our best moments are in the past then so be it , we have influenced the future far more than poland ever will . 
  but i was not praising chamberlain , i was saying you are simply not understanding the position he was in , or of the various opinions floating around at the time and what had created them . 
  the more you argue about this the clearer this becomes . 
  so france and britain are traitors , the us did n't even want to start the war even after poland got invaded and they did n't truly care about the whole thing until pearl harbour , so i guess they are cowards along with the rest of the allies . 
  are you going to be angry at everyone ? 
  quite honestly none of this matters anyway , is there a country that has never broken an agreement ? 
  is there a country that has never been at fault for something in its history ? 
  is poland the little angel of the east that the whole world should look up to ? 
  britain may not have helped poland that much , but no one else did either . 
  you were in a bad position and nothing short of a miracle could have changed history . 
  what 's done is done , poland has been made irrelevant by history , but the future is looking up . 
  i think you can tell from my comment that i ca n't even be bothered to read your idiotic rant about how awful the uk and france is . 
  if you want an argument about ww2 then i suggest you take it to / r/askhistorians, 
  you are asking me to get off my high horse ? 
  you 're pretending like the whole world did everything wrong and you know exactly how they should have done things . 
  you 're claiming that it was an idiotic idea at the time to try and stay away from another world war . 
  you really do n't see how hindsight changes your view ? 
  i mean , you have numbers now set in stone that the uk never had , we did n't have the benefit of knowing what we would get ourselves in to . 
  do you know why you have those numbers and facts ? 
  i 'm getting pretty tired of pointing this out to you . 
  on the immigration part i was just poking a bit , but really , poles that have moved here are great people . 
  are you actually still in poland ? 
  in the uk polish people would be fine with saying that the uk 's position at the time was incorrect , but arguing it as stupidly as you are just reeks of disrespect . 
  poland may have suffered far far greater losses , but you should n't disrespect the efforts of our military during the war . 
  it would certainly not be very appreciated . 
  lastly , i see you have been doing some poking of your own , the power of countries changes very quickly , the us wo n't be top dog for long and germany wo n't be the biggest economic power in europe for long if it does n't manage to sort out the population drop . 
  asia is rising , and then africa will in the long term as well . 
  if i wanted to do some more poking then i 'd mention that poland has n't ever been a truly global power and it 's very very unlikely that it ever will be . 
  i wo n't even have to go in to the number of things that the uk has influenced due to its past , you probably know most of them anyway . 
  it 's safe to say that poland has influenced very little , and due to the rise of asia , no individual european country will be able to do much on it 's own in the future . 
  all of this is down to geography and a bit of luck though , poland got fucked on both of those . 
  it has tents and everything , they are just going camping . 
  sit around the fire and chat with uncle vlad . 
  churchill also made his fair share of mistakes , no man is perfect but he had the right sort of ideas coming in to ww2 . 
  you seem to think that i support the idea that we should have left poland and just carried on dropping leaflets . 
  i think you need to understand the mood at the time and see why it was felt that we needed to try alternatives . 
  no one can completely know how things would have gone if the uk and france both took on nazi germany and the soviets at the start of the war , do n't pretend like it 's a simple game of numbers and they were 2 huge forces to be reckoned with . 
  poland certainly put up a fight , but in the next sentence you say how easy it was for the nazis to defeat allied forces . 
  they were n't just a toy military that could be destroyed in a few days so we could save every pole from what awaited them . 
  as for scaring the soviets off , i do n't think stalin would give up so easy , that man was n't one to consider the losses of his own people and he would have taken the baltics anyway . 
  making the soviets an enemy early on in this war would have been stupid , you are forgetting that they are the ones that actually had the biggest battles with the nazis and ended up being a large part of why they were defeated . 
  they were n't a good partner at all , but they would have been a very bad enemy to have . 
  lastly , i do n't care for opinion polls about who you guys like , and i do n't see us having to go to war over you again anyway . 
  many of your people are moving here as well , so we ca n't be that bad . 
  we do n't count on polish support in anything we do and quite frankly we would n't need it . 
  can you really blame them ? 
  how many people died during ww1 ? 
  it 's okay playing armchair general on the internet but having to make those decisions after actually living through such a war is completely different . 
  besides , britain and france going in a land war against the soviets and the nazis at the same time in a territory that is n't bordering either britain or france but is bordering both nazi germany and the ussr , you think that would go well ? 
  bombing from the air is one thing , but actually liberating land and people would have just been impossible . 
  it 's okay feeling pain that your country was attacked and millions of poles died in horrendous ways , but be angry at the nazis and soviets for it was their actions that did this , do n't be angry at us . 
  i 'm just guessing here but like , maybe they were trying not to get in to another world war where millions would die ? 
  that 's probably it . 
  but really , hindsight is a wonderful thing and if we had gotten our crystal ball out and had a look in to the future then i 'm sure we could have made some better decisions . 
  but if you really need that kind of thing explaining to you then all hope is already lost . 
  do n't let her borrow any of your money , or do , and then give her a good spanking when she fails to pay it back on time . 
  too late , it 's been out of our pants for so long we 've actually thrown them away . 
  shhh , he 'll grasp on to anything that means he can still speak in french , even if it translates in to gibberish . 
  leave the poor frog alone . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is just a bit of a slip due to the fact that this is n't his first language . 
  i think that pissing it all over blatter would suffice . 
  same here , i do n't even know what these people think . 
  rolling over and letting people attack your allies is okay now ? 
  fuck that . 
  argentina is a country full of `` squatters '' they killed off most of the natives . 
  shhhhh , you 'll get us all banned !, 
  the grass is always greener, 
  i think that is his point , we 'd rather not understand .
