the lib dems at the moment are barely even in the running , the labour party looks useless and its traditional voters do n't even know who to vote for any more , if they do n't vote for another party then i ca n't see many bothering to vote at all . 
  i ca n't see those parties making a good case for the eu at the moment and whilst funding is obviously very important , getting your message out clearly and in a way that people can agree with requires a bit more than just throwing money at some people . 
  i see us staying in the eu but i 'd rather it was n't an extremely close vote . 
  `` and in 2012 , david cameron and nick clegg went up in flames . '', 
  we 'll have to see how it goes , at the moment the 2 major political parties that are even a bit pro-eu are pretty hopeless at promoting it . 
  sorry but your comment is wrong , this study was over the years 2001-2011 , over those years the uk contributed around # 30 billion more than it received . 
  i am in favour of eu migration as it provides lots of people of working age and that benefits the uk , i do n't think you should misrepresent the facts though . 
  guy fawkes just wanted a catholic king anyway , replacing one so called tyrant with another . 
  at this point in time there were plenty of powerful kings and queens across europe as well , it was very standard for the time and hardly tyrannical compared with the events going on in that same period . 
  if you want to compare things that happened hundreds of years ago with modern day values then everyone and everything was evil or unjust . 
  at the moment there does n't seem to be a big group inside of the eu who even bother to try and sway public opinion in the uk , i 'd like us to stay but when the only side that is getting its message out properly is the one that supports leaving then it 's getting harder to see that happening . 
  but then again it looked like scotland would vote yes at one point if you just listened to how vocal the yes supporters were it made it seem like the whole country was going to vote yes , it turns out that in the end a vote is a vote , no matter how loud you shout about making it . 
  shhh !, 
  it 's just the uk . 
  everyone knows that only the uk spies on people . 
  the warship was in response to numerous violations by the spanish police boats coming in to gibraltar 's waters , spain was doing this to win some political points and maybe seem a bit tough , they also slowed down the border crossing just to piss people off . 
  the spying is pretty shit but it 's less about being pissed off at the rest of europe and more about how useful intelligence is , we still should n't do it though , and neither should all of the other spy agencies in europe , they will all continue spying though because it 's useful . 
  the fact that the eu can tell our elected officials what to do at all is already somewhat controversial , any example of this annoys people and gains media attention because of this . 
  really ? 
  the uk is already extremely diverse in its cities , you could cut off immigration completely for 50 years and that would still remain a fact . 
  the point i 'm making is that without slowing this down it seems like it will only ever increase , many people here are not comfortable with that idea and are happy with how the uk is , or was even 5-10 years ago . 
  is that really too much to ask ? 
  yes . 
  we are trying to debate , but there is no room for change , you must see how it feels like the country is forced in to this . 
  most of us like europe and want to be a member of the eu but this problem only seems to be getting worse and so far we ca n't do anything about it . 
  i 'm not sure if you realise just how much the sheer scale of immigration has changed though , immigrants have been coming for hundreds of years , but since around 2005 it has almost been 70 % of our population growth . 
  traditionally british is not white and old fashioned , stuck in the 1700 's , traditionally british might as well be the uk 15-20 years ago because things have changed so quickly . 
  maybe because the uk was made 300 years ago and the eu was n't made very long ago at all ? 
  you also got your vote and had a loooonnnggg time to discuss and campaign and had a simple yes or no vote , many countries would think that completely insane . 
  yet you 're still not happy ? 
  i can imagine the eu referendum ending up with the uk staying and the pro-eu scots being like `` oh well that is all solved forever now , now time to dig up that other no vote because it 's been a couple of years and i think we need another vote ! '', 
  english mps are already limited in their powers over scotland , lets not wade in to those waters yet again , also scotland is a lot more similar to england than the uk is to bulgaria or hungary , it 's a whole other scenario which you have to stretch to compare . 
  if nations making their own laws sounds childish to you then i 'm not sure what you think of most of the democratic countries on earth . 
  if something is agreed upon by the majority of people in the uk , then why should the rest of the eu have the power to shoot it down ? 
  you 're trying to sound tough but it is n't working . 
  [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c2/visa_requirements_for_british_citizens.png ) is also an interesting map of the places we can already visit visa free anyway , whether the uk stays in the eu or leaves it , can we just be friends ? 
  or are you dead set on a dick wagging contest just to show off who can be the biggest arsehole ? 
  well we wo n't just vanish , no matter what happens . 
  you should probably just get used to it . 
  as i said , i think the eu is a scapegoat , but some types of people definitely do come here and they do n't integrate or even try to really . 
  there are also cities where 30 % of the population is foreign born , if you think that causes no change in the culture of the city then i 'm not sure what would . 
  the uk suffered pretty heavily in the recent recession , i 'd hardly say it 's so strong that it feels like it can tell everyone to fuck off . 
  my point about compromising was not a criticism of either side , just an obvious outcome if neither side is willing to compromise on something . 
  they are n't really , that is why i answered `` no . '', 
  what ? 
  i do n't see how that is relevant . 
  the eu is a club of equals ? 
  since when ? 
  it 's democratic ( almost ) which means that countries with the most people are represented most . 
  a club of equals makes it sound like romania is given as much importance as say france or germany . 
  not really , people just dislike the idea of the eu having the final say over some things that happen here . 
  it 's not a complex idea . 
  you seem a lot less hostile to the idea of differing opinions now , i hope you end up somewhere that fits in with your mindset . 
  that 's fine then , do as you please . 
  preference is n't always about superiority though , opinions and traditions are n't things you can measure or mark out of 10 . 
  in a democracy the people governing the state is chosen by the people , limiting immigration because it is changing the overall culture in a way that the majority of people do n't like is just democracy . 
  or posting that video again and again ... and again . 
  well the uk has put more in to ebola than germany or france , we 've pledged to put even more in as well . 
  it 's hardly an example of the uk swaying other countries in to creating a real united response . 
  maybe that will happen eventually though , or maybe it will happen in another case , but at the moment it 's hard to claim that the uk is influencing other eu countries in any way at all . 
  i think the eu is a scapegoat , but i do think this is n't something i 'd like to happen . 
  is it so wrong that a person can like the culture they are brought up in without it having to be radically changed ? 
  i 'm for immigration but almost everyone has a point where they start to think maybe it should slow down a bit . 
  and why does it appear you dislike the phrase `` not british '' ? 
  the eu will never be a rival power to the future china without a huge expansion in its militaries . 
  the eu is n't about military power at all though , so that will never happen . 
  i do n't think the anti-immigration sentiments is purely down to people coming from the eu , we have had many years of immigration from many different countries . 
  people do n't seem to like how things are changing so quickly from being traditionally british in to something else . 
  you mean finding cheap labour ? 
  they already do that , it 's called third world countries . 
  he was showing the percentage change and comparing them , simple shit really . 
  if you cared that little i do n't think you 'd bother commenting on it . 
  abandon it ? 
  we joined the eec that was like an extension of it . 
  you ca n't say that nothing has changed in the world since 1973 , the conditions change and what members want changes . 
  if it changes too much and no one wants to compromise then it 's obvious what will happen . 
  yes , unfortunately . 
  according to your own point you should start paying russia money so that they do n't have to come . 
  `` i demand a 250 % rise on your payments '' `` i demand a 5 % rise on your payments '' percentages are often more useful than just talking about the numbers , the guy blatantly meant that in percentage terms , it is the equivalent of that amount if you apply the same percentage to one as to the other . 
  i do n't think he was talking about the whole eu budget , just the uk contributions . 
  i ca n't be bothered with this argument really , percentages show the real picture of the rise in each of these things , the actual numbers are useful still but not nearly as much . 
  lets leave it at that . 
  also how was my tone `` objectionable '' ? 
  i was just reflecting the tone of the yes and no vote campaigns , i referred to the yes side as just scotland because well , the snp is the ruling party and it was the snp saying they did n't want the debt without the currency . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't pander to the hypersensitive . 
  a question over what which currency a future scotland would use is very different from a # 1.7 billion bill . 
  i do n't care what you supported , your idea that they are similar is silly . 
  the bill is n't even meant to put pressure on the uk choosing to stay in the eu , it does n't raise a question over the future of the uk outside of the eu like the question over the future currency in an independent scotland raises lots of questions about how scotland would be outside the uk . 
  it 's just a bill to readjust for something in the past , i 'm not so much bothered about it as i am astounded that the eu decided to actually do it regardless of the obvious implications . 
  if you think this is some sort of tactic to keep the uk in the eu then i 'm utterly confused . 
  you thought wrong , scotland already had obvious debts as it is part of the uk , it would still have its fair share of that upon leaving . 
  scotland decided to say it wont pay the extra debt if they do n't get to use the # . 
  the uk just said `` well have fun being a new country and refusing to pay debts already . '', 
  and then the no vote happened anyway so all the uncertainty is gone . 
  it 's more like a charge on the whole of the uk that would have to be shared out if scotland left , not at all like the uk deciding to charge scotland 1.7 billion a year or 2 before the referendum . 
  is that what you were talking about ? 
  in percentage terms it is correct though , i was just making it clear how the actual number can be deceiving when you consider the expected cost of something vs. the expected cost + an additional charge . 
  percentages are a real thing and they are very useful , the guy was just showing you that the 1.7 billion charge is a lot bigger than the 1.07 billion charge , not only by number but also by percentage . 
  it 's obviously stupid to say that 1.7 billion = 12.9 billion . 
  no one would argue that and if you wish to state that again then refrain from commenting further , it 's quite useless .
