  okay . 
  if you look at a map , you will see that the missiles would probably not fly over france . 
  also we both have nuclear submarines and it is likely that if a crisis did happen and nuclear weapons need to be launched , then they would have to be flown over countries unless we station our submarines along the russian coastline constantly . 
  stop making silly arguments . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean with the 2nd sentence . 
  this is n't about france . 
  the fact remains that muslims in the uk are far more attached to their religion than christians in the uk . 
  if you want to just ignore this then you might as well not bother covering any of this , the moderate muslim you seem to think is so widespread is actually the equivalent of a devout , possibly even fundamentalist , christian . 
  i never said the west has done nothing wrong , but that is no excuse for china to get away with doing evil anyway . 
  that 's a pretty standard argument you heard from the ussr back in the day , say all that is wrong with the us then carry on as normal . 
  and the reason africans might be more positive to china is that china keeps information on a lock down , you will find it very hard to find out the corruption and evil that they commit in africa because they have no free press to hold the government accountable . 
  that article is just using the past to predict the future of china , a very unreliable technique to say the least . 
  it is true that they might be shaped by the culture that they have , but all you need is 1 bad apple to rise to the top position and everything changes . 
  you also seem to think that the west is always the greatest evil and that any other power outside of the west is purely good . 
  in doing so you forget that the west is the safest place to live in the world and is one of the very few places that is even trying to have human rights . 
  in the end all humans are the same , and there has yet to be a case where the largest world power has n't done anything wrong to anyone , china will be no different . 
  because nationalism, 
  africa and the middle east are n't comparable situations though . 
  would you stop the current bombing of isis ? 
  also china really is n't perfect in this regard , they seek to maintain the status quo just to exploit cheap labour and a huge land full of natural resources , which is pretty much what the us does as well . 
  that also meant that china has ignored some countries committing atrocities and they even helped to arm the government of sudan to kill people in darfur , a crisis that still goes on to this day and has claimed about 300,000 lives according to un estimates and has displaced almost 3 million people . 
  when china eventually has the worlds largest economy and military , expect these kinds of things to become much worse . 
  counter-act the influence of the us military in which ways ? 
  is there something going on currently that you would change ? 
  what would the eu military actually do for itself ? 
  it 's very easy to look to the past and say what you would n't do , it 's much harder to look at the present and make decisions on what you should do . 
  brasil is n't a major advanced economy though , it is a developing economy . 
  south korea is pretty similar to australia with gdp and gdp growth and also australia has vast amounts of natural resources and both the 1st and 2nd largest mining companies in the world . 
  also you counted the size of brasil as one positive for them , australia is about 90 % of the size of brasil , much of that land is uninhabitable but that 's quite good news if it 's full of useful resources . 
  in the end i think both south korea and australia are pretty good candidates though . 
  why not australia ? 
  oh france , considering the growth predictions for the next few years we 're set to overtake you anyway . 
  not that it means much < 3 stay salty my little roquefort . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quorn,_leicestershire ? 
  good idea , you can be my advisor . 
  i 'll leave you in charge while i count all of the money coming in . 
  i retract my offer of # 1 , my fifa will not partake in corruption . 
  instead i propose that every country gives me # 10 million , they are allowed to give even more if they wish to prove that they really have left corruption in the past . 
  make me the next boss of fifa please . 
  you 're going too far there mate , but you can have the next 2 world cups if you want . 
  as long as we are putting in a significant amount and not taking very much then you should be quite happy , and i 'm pretty sure our contribution has risen to be the 2nd biggest now . 
  but i understand that the majority of germans and british people do n't quite understand any of this , but never mind , anger from germany just is n't as scary as it once was anyway . 
  if we did not get a discount then the payments would look a bit silly no ? 
  we 'd be paying almost as much as germany . 
  do n't come in to this ireland , we 're the only shit magnet in the sea around these parts . 
  so are germans equally pissed off about the other countries that have various opt-outs or opt-ins ? 
  and are germans aware that even after our `` discount '' we still pay more in to the eu than we receive by a large margin ? 
  your last point seems to be irrelevant as well , unless the germans are angry at us for having less money . 
  do n't worry , we have some similarly awful shows , but they do n't often try and pretend to be right about political matters . 
  oh do n't worry , i had already figured that out . 
  not really , i do n't bet . 
  i 'm not quite sure how we have pissed off any germans , our extrawurst is n't benefiting us that much considering that our gdp per capita is a fair amount lower than germany 's . 
  i 'm sure germany will survive . 
  pretty sure it 's a joke . 
  are we sure this is n't actually a satire of german comedy ? 
  in a couple of decades you will have the new richest country on earth bordering you on the east , russian influence will be degraded and if you have no friends in the west then chinese interests will dominate . 
  your interests can not be protected while your economy is falling behind the rest of the world , and as much as russia seems to hate to admit it , you need to cooperate with us far more than we need to cooperate with you . 
  i would actually be open to russia joining the eu sometime in the very far future , it would take a huge amount of work from all sides but it can be done and both the eu and russia would be more powerful because of it . 
  the eu expanding too fast is an issue though , an issue that could cause it 's own downfall . 
  you think 15 years is enough to gain the trust of the west ? 
  we had been to the brink of nuclear war and had seen the evils of the ussr , and we are meant to forget that in 15 years ? 
  personally i would love eu cooperation with russia . 
  we could increase the prosperity of each other and work together very well , but with the mistakes of the past , it will take both of us a long time to trust each other enough for that cooperation to happen . 
  it 's quite sad really . 
  your interests will be ignored as long as your country acts like a rogue state . 
  flexing your muscles will just make nato stronger and will make the countries in nato want to increase their own military spending , which most of the countries inside nato can do without damaging their own economy . 
  russia can increase its spending , but the economy will suffer if it tries to compete in the slightest with the us , it 's just not possible . 
  i have never seen one though . 
  you do n't learn english ? 
  well whatever you were trying to say , i 'm sure it was incredibly important . 
  how do you even get to become a moderator for this sub ? 
  i have n't got a clue how it all works . 
  i ca n't quite understand what it is that you are trying to say . 
  not talking about property laws at all here , i 'm mentioning that some jobs in the eu require knowledge of the local language , which prevents a lot of people from outside of that particular country being able to take that job . 
  also any inadequacies in the uk legal system should n't mean that the eu follows the same route , the opposite should happen in fact . 
  thank you , all is now right in the world . 
  i 'm not used to being told that i 'm right about something on this sub , i 'm quite suspicious . 
  true , but there are problems with getting a job in another eu country though . 
  not so much with the low level jobs and the jobs that require a lot of qualifications , but definitely for all kinds of work between that . 
  it 's forever an obstacle to the eu as a whole then , but it gives the uk an advantage , if lots of europeans learn english then they can have any job that they want here . 
  bigger labour force full of skilled people that we did n't even have to pay to educate can only mean good things for us . 
  and what about jobs ? 
  if we are trying to make it so that people can work and travel across the eu as if it is a country then we need jobs to be in 1 language really . 
  at the moment there are plenty of jobs you ca n't do if you do n't know the local language . 
  you can probably see why this gets so controversial now , it 's really not something easy to do without upsetting a lot of people , so it seems that it will always remain an obstacle . 
  so i can go to france and get a job there ? 
  or germany ? 
  or italy ? 
  no because i would need to know the languages of those countries , there might be a few jobs in english but there are many more that are in the local language . 
  i do n't really call that free movement of labour , unless everyone is expected to be fluent in like 15 languages . 
  i 'm not spending all night searching through the education systems of every eu country . 
  however , from speaking to europeans online and as a part of my job i can tell that some of them have very poor written english and spoken english . 
  some are very very good too , which is why if the eu is serious about a common language then it would need a way of ensuring a standard level of the language is taught in schools , a certain qualification . 
  but this common language would also become the dominant language for film , music and other things of culture created in the eu , you would be okay with that ? 
  a common language wo n't replace the national languages obviously , but it would definitely create some changes that upset some nations . 
  i know , it 's just that english seems to be the only real candidate but i ca n't see anyone ( apart from the obvious countries ) signing up to make it somehow the common language across the eu . 
  it does seem to be going that way anyway , but i think some people would object very strongly to it being made some sort of policy where it has to be taught in every school and to certain levels . 
  sure , a lot of people understand some english , but making english a common language taught in all eu schools to a certain level seems to be a very controversial idea to many people . 
  although it would bring the eu closer together in the end and would most likely benefit the economy of the eu . 
  that will go down about as well as a cyanide croissant .
