  nice of you to generalise the 3rd most populous country on earth . 
  bush fire celebrations 2015, 
  who colonised scotland ? 
  the us and the uk have identical national identities then ? 
  also as you speak pretty good english , have you lost the ability to speak in latvian ? 
  do translators in the ep actually keep your language alive ? 
  or is that the job of your education system ? 
  there is the argument of the whole thing being very inefficient though , especially when considering the massive benefits you would get from having a working language taught across the eu to a high standard . 
  basically we ca n't agree on something that would benefit all of our living standards because we all get our knickers in a twist at the suggestion of the working language being anything other than our own , or you have tiny countries that know their language wo n't ever be important enough for everyone to learn it so they wa n't to retain the status quo and at least have their language to have a tiny bit of relevance . 
  humans . 
  well , i think the main reasons for people coming to the uk are actually the money and the language , lots of people in europe now speak at least some english and the uk pays better . 
  it could be argued that the cost of living is damn high here though so you do n't get a huge increase in living standards , but meh , outside of london things are a lot cheaper . 
  i think it 's just because there are so few africans living in eastern europe , in the uk nobody gives a shit as long as the person adapts to the culture . 
  they have a flag so it counts . 
  he ca n't , it will hurt him right in the national pride . 
  okay , it probably exists . 
  further testing needed . 
  it definitely exists . 
  now that 's an idea . 
  not bloody likely . 
  they are very good at making themselves less relevant to the world , they 're doing a better job at it than the west ever could . 
  the journalists likely are , but they want to cover stories that the west is interested in . 
  i think a lot was reported about chechnya but it 's pretty hard to get reports from such places . 
  we get a lot of our news from syria actually from the terrorists and other armed groups there , it 's really not safe for journalists and only a few have gone there , it has quietened down a lot recently too because it seems like the west wo n't get very much more involved . 
  western journalists cover things that western people find important . 
  politicians , well , when have they ever been independent or even truthful ? 
  georgia and abkazia just are n't as important to the west as ukraine is . 
  it 's a sad fact . 
  russia changed , the west felt like it could ignore russia and just trade with them . 
  it 's the most beneficial thing in the long term , but then ukraine tried to become more western through protests , people were killed , a war started that is funded by russia . 
  georgia and chechnya were bad , but if we 're going to be brutally honest here , georgia is smaller and therefore less important to kick up a fuss about and chechnya is hardly pro-western as far as i can tell . 
  ukraine is big and there are some pro-western people there , it has a lot of potential as a country in the future , we 'd much rather it was closer to the eu than to russia politically . 
  if you mean the eu then generally yes we do , but when in countries that do n't care about freedom of press then they will just get deported or escorted by police . 
  china really does n't value freedom of the press at all , you say the wrong things and you are lucky to just lose your job . 
  russia also kills journalists that say the wrong things . 
  apple is the largest publicly traded corporation in the world by market capitalisation , you better believe they get their stuff made well . 
  sme 's on the other hand , not so much . 
  am i the only one that does n't worry about products becoming shitty ? 
  regulations are nice to have , but i do n't see the us having mass deaths because of chemicals in their foods . 
  it 's probably due to the lack of freedom that journalists have in these places , the really awful shit does n't get reported enough . 
  you 're pretty disgusting . 
  eu free movement , they want jobs that pay better than jobs do in poland so they come here . 
  fuck knows why they are marching though , they 're cunts , that 's all i know . 
  i 'm not sure , there are other countries that think similarly to the uk on this matter as well . 
  many do n't take it as such a big issue , but as the eu is continuing to take on more responsibility it will face more criticism . 
  it 's hard to measure how much it actually damages business , but in the long term this sort of thing can lead to changes in the business that make things more costly , such as adopting a different route or working with a different haulier that has better options in case of a strike . 
  making things a bit more costly can mean you actually lose out on business to competitors though . 
  pretty hard to calculate all of that , you 'd have to actually be the someone high up in toyota to be able to make a better estimate . 
  then you expect a utopia . 
  also quite a few first gen muslim migrants are quite antisemitic , multiculturalism does n't solve everything . 
  yes because setting up a new route and making it cost effective is really that easy . 
  i 'm sure toyota have already worked out the cheapest and quickest way to get the goods to their factory , doing it another way means delays and it also means that they either have to change the price of the car at the end or face making less money . 
  both of these options obviously damage business . 
  also as you have 5000 lorries stuck on the uk side you could well have most of the hauliers vehicles stranded , making it impossible for them to effectively send goods anyway . 
  i guess you could get all 5000 lorries going from hull to rotterdam ? 
  i doubt they have that much spare capacity though , and the extra 5000 vehicles would clog up the roads . 
  it 's all very messy . 
  it 's just a bit insulting to judge the uk for having a very small amount of antisemites , especially when we have a larger number of people protesting against them . 
  it 's like me saying that after talking to you i have a lower opinion of cyprus as a whole `` i thought cyrpus was better than this '' . 
  you are actually a higher percentage of the population of cyprus than the 20 protesting antisemites are of the uk population . 
  i 'm sure other nationalities are helping too . 
  did you even manage to read the whole title ? 
  no , the eu making these kind of decisions is dangerous for its long term prospects . 
  the people of the uk would much rather it was a union focussing on trade and growth , we are going to have a referendum and i do n't want silly things like this to be clouding the waters and making it seem like the eu is creeping towards controlling everything . 
  i do n't think the eu realises how young it is , imposing big rules on people this quick can threaten its very existence . 
  but yeh , this proposal will never come to anything , i 'm just commenting on the wider idea that the eu should n't stray too far and step on the toes of national parliaments , national politicians , and more importantly the people who voted for them . 
  you 'd have to ask a legal expert about this to be honest , but i favour the us approach to the whole idea of free speech where it is instead the right of an individual to delete data that he or she has personally submitted , and they would not be able to remove information posted about them by others . 
  as you said , if the information is that important then why would they rely on google ? 
  at some points they blocked the port too . 
  neither do i but hey-ho . 
  yes it does seem like people have jumped on this very quickly , but i think it 's mainly a reaction to just how stupid it sounds . 
  all will be okay in the end , i hope . 
  what kind of aircraft though ? 
  i think it 's a bit different sending a regular fighter jet/reconnaissance aircraft vs. sending nuclear bombers . 
  also sweden is n't part of nato and on the 29th of march 2013 , two tu-22m3 bombers made simulated attacks on sweden , seems a bit hard to defend such a position . 
  only if you 're from the uk . 
  yes because every country that is n't in the eu ca n't get any trade done with other eu countries due to strikes . 
  most people here do n't want to leave the eu anyway , or at least the momentum is now heading towards voting to stay . 
  i know what you meant , it 's just that labelling all criticisms as some ramblings of a stupid press can be harmful . 
  i have gone over this in a few replies now , but david cameron being a cunt does n't mean the eu is immune from criticism . 
  i am also not proposing that we should leave the eu , i just think they should focus on different things . 
  the proposed data protection regulation is written broadly and this has caused concern . 
  [ 4 ] it has attracted criticism that its enactment would require data controlling companies to go to great lengths to identify third parties with the information and remove it . 
  [ 72 ] the proposed regulation has also attracted criticism due to the fact that this could produce a censoring effect in that companies , such as facebook or google , will wish to not be fined under the act , and will therefore be likely to delete wholesale information rather than facing the fine , which could produce a `` serious chilling effect . 
  '' [ 72 ] in addition to this , there are concerns about the requirement to take down information that others have posted about an individual ; the definition of personal data in article 4 ( 2 ) includes `` any information relating to '' the individual . 
  [ 73 ] this , critics have claimed , would require companies to take down any information relating to an individual , regardless of its source , which would amount to censorship , and result in the big data companies eradicating a lot of data to comply with this . 
  [ 74 ] such removal can impact the accuracy and ability of businesses and individuals to carry out business intelligence , particularly due diligence to comply with antibribery , anticorruption , and know your customer laws . 
  [ 75 ] the right to be forgotten was invoked to remove from google searches 120 reports about company directors published by a spanish company which compiles such reports about private company directors , consisting entirely of information they are required by law to disclose ; [ 75 ] [ 76 ] fortune magazine examined the 64 reports relating to uk directorships , finding that in 27 ( 42 % ) the director was the only person named , in the remaining only the director and co-directors were named , and 23 ( 36 % ) involve directorships started since 2012 . 
  so the current attempts to redistribute migrants among eu countries do n't exist ? 
  that is why i referenced the opt-outs , we do n't even have to take part in the discussion thankfully . 
  the whole quota idea was crazy though , extremely divisive . 
  turning the financial crisis in to an obesity crisis . 
  but nah , seriously , it 's nice to see people helping each other out . 
  we could all learn some lessons . 
  it 's basically just law failing to keep up with the times then , and i 'd still prefer if these things were decided nationally rather than by the eu . 
  you 're right , it 's seeming less clear by the minute . 
  maybe i was assuming they would be so stupid considering previous blunders , at least we get to keep our opt-outs , so all is good . 
  it is stupid , and is being abused due to the number of applications being so high that it makes it hard to process them all fairly . 
  is there another word for a law that is obviously not going to work as intended ? 
  stupid seems pretty good to me .
