  b. . b. . but westminster tory scum rich bankers thatcher evil trident stealing our oil, 
  so you think a common language is needed ? 
  we have nice purses . 
  yup , soon there would n't even be an eu if you kicked out the nations that do n't agree with everything or get in to economic trouble . 
  which is exactly why swedophone is just silly , i do n't think greece or the uk leaving the eu would make it stronger . 
  minor thing but our army is actually pretty small , it 'd be more accurate to say that our military in general is one of the best funded/equipped . 
  greece must go then . 
  i 'm pretty sure i can comment wherever i want to . 
  germany is pretty much the only major country that wanted this to go ahead , you can take on as many refugees as you like , just do n't expect your neighbours to do the same . 
  i can admit that i like their food , any further than that seems like treason . 
  in other words , a bit crazy . 
  because foreign intervention has gone so well for these past few decades right ? 
  meanwhile some of the more religious muslim countries have the death penalty for apostasy . 
  and the percentage of the population that was religious back then ? 
  pretty sure that might have something to do with it ... 
  this is n't about the us , he just mentioned about the european film industry relying too heavily on government financing , and governments throwing money at films just because they are set in their country/are using their language . 
  i 'll let eu leaders decide that one , thank you . 
  racism ? 
  i 'm just copying you really , changed the words a little bit but i 'm still making a general statement based on nationality . 
  which is what you did . 
  the conservative party is euro-sceptic but david cameron and plenty of other conservatives do n't want to leave . 
  provided that they get some minor changes in the negotiations they will actually be campaigning to remain in the eu . 
  being from spain , i 'm going to ignore yours . 
  i think option 1 because interventions in the middle east have always gone so well . 
  what does the last one say ? 
  so you think that england has a negative effect on the eu ? 
  it depends what you want the eu to be . 
  if you want it to have influence in the world then us leaving would be , well , far from ideal . 
  except we did n't just vote in ukip , we voted in a party that wants to remain in the eu but just wants to have a hard chat about our place in the eu and renegotiate some terms . 
  got ta get a slice of all that oil money . 
  that one click and three seconds can turn in to a nightmare lasting all night though , you poor little camembert . 
  i could say the same thing , i live in the uk and i wish my house was its own country called houseland . 
  am i not free now ? 
  or does the claim have to be of an area that is older ? 
  if someone in the uk wants to leave the eu , are they not free ? 
  true , but do you think the us would n't try to twist the rules a little ? 
  especially if their ships got attacked in the seas of an ally . 
  but you still have to post it , no ? 
  you are free . 
  i know what you mean , the eu speaks too softly and carries no stick at all . 
  your nightmares must just be having to post this explanation over and over and over and over and over . 
  or maybe this is your dream ? 
  you mysterious little croissant . 
  well what is the point being in nato if we did n't ? 
  if the us requested help and nato countries did n't respond , nato would be over . 
  portugal has a lower gdp per capita ( 21,733.07 usd in 2013 compared to italy at 35,925.88 usd in 2013 ) , less money to spend on education yet receiving similar results . 
  could be due to using more subtitles ? 
  it 's really not an easy thing to measure . 
  do n't worry , sweden ca n't influence much . 
  the other option is pretty much what is already happening , wait until conflicts in the region settle down . 
  that seems to be the only option when you factor in the politics of the situation . 
  starting to sound sexual now . 
  it was a joke . 
  but i will be happy when you leave , let me know when that happens . 
  seems like a large waste of money that does n't solve the problem . 
  people like you should leave really , in fact i think i 'd pay some money towards getting you a one way ticket . 
  because he 's not in the uk so he does n't really know what it 's like . 
  because it 's a crazy idea , you said so yourself . 
  i can take some comfort in knowing that our accomplishment at least was n't easy . 
  all languages are weird , i blame people . 
  luckily the echr saves us from all of that . 
  it 's a good job the uk is so poor then . 
  it 's actually hard to make it any more ridiculous . 
  i know , next thing they will take is our right to drink tea . 
  i wish the eu would fight for our tea rights as we are unable to do so for ourselves . 
  cut off the supply of cocoa , if that does n't work then lace the water supplies with laxatives and bomb the sewage treatment plants . 
  [ instead of encyclopaedias outlining our failures we would have clarkson narrating documentaries about our success . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxuskm5ux0s ), 
  but i thought the uk was trying to scrap human rights and start up concentration camps for lgbt people along with other innocent humans and scousers ? 
  as long as they do what papa russia says , ukraine did n't and it 's now receiving its spanking . 
  religion comes from some arsehole who got a pen and wrote things down , the writers opinions on things are likely to have been sculpted by the traditions they grew up with . 
  english from the back of a walkers crisp packet when i was a child living in a bush in the park . 
  eu referendum is fine , not sure why people are so scared about people getting a vote . 
  the hra is a bit odd though , but i 'm not sure why i should care if they just replace it with something very similar . 
  lol, 
  yes because bad people ca n't be refugees as well . 
  in reality it 's just a very big mess and there are no easy answers or they would have already been taken . 
  the international law issues aside , [ people coming to the uk from libya do n't have a very good reputation at the moment . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-cambridgeshire-32626513 ), 
  he wants to remain part of the eu but he wants us to have a referendum , he also agreed to the scottish referendum even though he wanted them to stay as well . 
  his only crime on these 2 choices would be that he 's okay to let the people decide things . 
  i think you should stick to speaking it then , i 'd prefer not to be able to understand your rants . 
  and to think that russia would really care about the greek people is quite hilarious , putin barely even cares about his own people as long as they keep their mouth shut and keep working . 
  maybe you want to live like that ? 
  you over-estimate how much we care about your country . 
  i barely scanned over your comment and i 'm already wishing you had learnt russian instead of english . 
  one word : ukraine . 
  but in terms for the uk it is not so much protecting gb and ni but about protecting our interests around the world . 
  although it does add extra security for all of the uk , on top of the various other ways we have to defend ourself . 
  yes , lets rely on being able to predict all global conflicts for the next 50 years instead of relying on having the force we need to defend ourselves and our interests . 
  perfect plan and completely future-proof . 
  so we have already lessened our enemies capable of attacking us or our interests to about 8 countries . 
  obviously some non-nuclear states will be dumb enough to attack at some point , as has happened before , but it makes it a much much tougher decision for them . 
  stopping conflicts from happening is bad ? 
  it 's called a nuclear deterrent . 
  you get rid of it and what is there to deter an attack ? 
  in other news the snp has revealed that it will spend the money from the scrapped trident programme to buy millions of white flags . 
  and i 'd assume that because of that reason , most would n't bother adding to conversations where these things are discussed . 
  it 's only really annoying when they pipe up about something they simply have no idea about . 
  but then again it seems like 90 % of born people here do n't have a clue what they 're talking about when it comes to politics anyway .
