  well , the graph use 2 terms `` college '' and `` university '' who already have not the same meaning in english , so it 's already not that precise , but there are systems that can not be stuck easily into these terms : the french system has vocational schools ( which include nursing ) , universities , pr\u00e9pas ( think high school on steroids ) , great schools ( who last from 3 to 6 years and frequently recruit some pupils after high school , others after vocational schools or pr\u00e9pa or 2 to 3 years in university , and can include part-time aprenticeships ) . 
  even you count all post-secondary education , or you count none , and there 's still the question of adult schooling ( who can be on the tertiary level ) ... well , i 'd like to see their exact methodology , 
  incomes in all groups are probably quite high in the us ( with luxembourg , switzerland and norway competing at this level in europe ) , but expenses are hard to quantify ( and as said in the article , they do n't even try ) ; housing cost , health insurance ( mine cost me 0 out of my net , it 's included in my gross revenues for example ) , travel costs , taxes ( which can vary even within a single country , a.k.a. 
  the us ) , ... 
  this kind of comparisons are always perilous , and mostly designed to make someone feel good about himself ... 
   do they really not teach that basic level of german in schools anymore ? 
  my spanish teacher did n't ... 
  not everyone no , just about everyone . 
  singapore , hong kong , macau , taiwan , south korea and japan for asia ; greece , romania , serbia , slovakia , poland , croatia and slovenia in europe . 
  ( the cia says that germany 's fertility rate is 0.01 higher than italy 's ), 
  about everyone has a higher birth rate than italy ... 
  well , the fertility rate in france between 1870 and ww2 was pretty low , and only immigration allowed the population to grow ; said immigration was already said to be un-integrable . 
  from michelet to c\u00e9line , through m\u00e9rim\u00e9e and huysmanss , even internal migration was said to be un-integrable ; the polish were criticized because of religion ; jews have suffered under the same criticisms , italians were invaders , ... 
  the arguments have not changed . 
  they are near exactly the same , only with a new `` flavour '' directed at the immigrants of the time . 
  so i heard . 
  till now , no one performed to explain what these differences are ( except by saying : `` but but but !, 
  they are muslims ! '' ), 
   northern iberia is very mountainous and difficult to control , france is not . 
  france at the time ( the carolingian empire ) had a population which was maybe equivalend to the umayyad califate 's , and only internal conflicts allowed the muslims to go this far ... 
  let 's put it this way : we love ourselves enough without need to hate our neighbour , and we like to study our past not as a built history with the pious king vanquishing the infidels and uneducated poors , but in what it has of riches and marvels . 
  well , the fact that raids kept going ( and went quite further north along the rhone ) is a good hint ... 
  we just had to forget 3 things about him : that he obtained his name `` the hammer '' ( martel ) burning churches in provence ; that the muslims easily found allies against him among the french christians ( provence , septimania , aquitania ) ; and that raids kept going along the rhone ( and as far north as nogent ) till he allied with the north italian lombards . 
   that immigration until the 70 ' ( in the 70 's the fertility rates started to fall massively ) posed no significant demographic threat , many at the time would have disagreed . 
  immigrants have been villified all along the 20th century , with basically the very same arguments we see today . 
  `` remigration '' sounds a fun concept . 
  can we also `` remigrate '' the descendant of italian , spanish , portuguese , poles , jews from north africa and the levant , armenians , chineese , vietnameese , ... whose ancestors immigrated in france during the 20th century ? 
  well , little perspective from france : the fn and its representative , who advocates for such views , took a sound beating a few months ago . 
  so they are not people who act because the government does nothing , they are people who act against the expressed will of the majority . 
  they are not a repressed and silent majority , they are a minority that think `` fuck whatever the other want , i 'll do as i will '' . 
  regarding children , we do n't let parents attempt to kill their children activelly : regarding vaccination , it 's an extension where we do n't let the parents endangering their children through a lack of action . 
  now , body autonomy : the argument does not really take into account the fact that vaccination does not really work in a vaccinated = protected way . 
  vaccination works by protecting a high enough proportion of the people that , when everyone is vaccinated , even those for which the protection does not work are protected through the lack of an epidemy . 
  not using a vaccine does not mean that you put yourself in danger ; it means that you put yourself and those for which the vaccine does not work in immediate danger , and , through the adaptation to antibiotics and mutation , you can become a patient zero for a `` new '' illness . 
  it is not a problem for flu ( we have become quite good at creating vaccine for new strands quickly ) , but for measles ? 
  yeah , that 's a problem . 
  not on the `` i can drive as recklessly as i want , i 'm justing putting my life in danger '' level ( at least not on the short term ) , but a problem nonetheless . 
  ps : i 'm pretty happy that about everyone has the dpt for example , i 've never reacted to it . 
  and i quite like the absence of polio epidemics when i was a child ... 
  indeed . 
  well , the phenomenon is not new : for example , among the protestants , the `` born again '' frequently seems the most extremists ( fortunately , christians do not these days use terror attacks much ) . 
  the muslim ( religious ) population is not growing in france . 
  the muslim ( ethnic , i.e. 
  parents or grandparents originated from a country with a muslim majority ) population is growing , but non-believers represent a majority ( more than two thirds ) among them . 
  `` vison d'europe '' ( french ), 
  84 was too soon , but the effort should have been made , in france , in the early to mid 90s to modernize our networks ; we could have followed sk and japan at the time , but choose to just keep something working without trying to reach higher . 
  bad choices for the ipt in 85 basically put an end to the relative advantages france had ( the choice of the mo5 , instead of goupil or micral , was a bad one unfortunately , as was the choice to favorise development over use of softwares ) . 
  indeed . 
  minitel was a revolution in the late 70s/early 80s ; it was unable to ( or there was no will to make it ) evolve , and phased out . 
  celebrating past achievements is a good thing ; but it should be only in order to reach higher , to set new goals , never in order to just come back to it . 
  the fall of berlin 's wall was the flag for those born in the seventies ; the euro for those born in the eighties . 
  people who obtain the right to vote today were barely born when the euro came , and those born in the 90s barely remember the time before it . 
  it is the last great achievement of eu , the last great symbol of a united europe , the last great work that showed we can work together , and it happened 17 years ago . 
  it is clearly not recent enough . 
  not when it is taken as just something that is ( not something that has been done ) by a third of the population ( or anyone under 25 or so ) . 
  either not any more , or for a very long time . 
  today , many do not remember a time where frontiers were closed in europe , and probably as many want to close them again . 
  on one side , we take to current situation for granted ; on the other , we lack the symbols of the 20th century ( mitterand-kohl hand in hand , the fall of berlin wall , maastricht , the euro ) . 
  the main handicap regarding the eu building , i think , is the difficulty to explain the why of it construction : yes , making another war is a good thing , no one can really disagree ; but the reasons for the euro for example , are hard to explain to someone who has no notions of economics . 
  it should probably be `` parts of the roman empire where latin was the lingua franca around the 3rd century '', 
  regarding france : some are integral parts , some are n't . 
  but if only it was that simple : the law can change from a region to another in continental france ( brittany , elsass , corsica , have special status ) ; some french territories do not even follow civil law ( well , that 's not entirely true : in some islands in the indian and pacific ocean , some people may find themselves subjects to custom law if they wish to ) . 
  let 's just say that french and english situations are probably equally complicated . 
  our `` traditional '' parties ( lr , ps , pc , fn ) do not yet have as many judiciary problems as the italian parties of the early 90s ( mani pulite helped berlusconi quite a bit ) . 
  yet . 
  true enough . 
  but being unemployed also has impacts on the well-being ; being unemployed for a long period of time makes finding a new job harder . 
  there are advantages with the german and english models ; the french mostly think these advantages do not outweight the problems . 
  france 's unemployment stayed high when it got lower in the uk and germany because their solutions were not adopted : while these solutions have good sides , the bad sides are seen as repulsive . 
  well , to have a precise answer , you 'll have to ask a theologian . 
  i think ( not certain ) that muslims believe every children is born pure from sin , therefore mary would have been ; they also believe she lived in a state of perpetual virginity . 
  additionally ( to be verified ) , the prostration during prayer ( feet , knees , hands , and forehead touching the ground ) is derived from the way mary prostrated herself in prayer . 
  basically : mary is among the most important figures of islam , along with the major prophets . 
  well , mary 's perpetual virginity is supported by several surats in the koran , and while jesus is `` only '' considered a prophet , he is a man whose conception is the result of god 's breath upon mary . 
  i invite you to go and read about how mary and jesus are viewed by muslims . 
  you will probably be surprised . 
  ( yes , there are theological differences between christian and muslims ... but , frankly , there are also big theological differences between christian sects ), 
  why would n't you , if you were invited ? 
  a mosquee is as good a place as any other to pray on the day of ` isa , son of the virgin maryam , birth . 
  koran , surat 3 , verse 42 : `` o mary !, 
  god has chosen you and purified you and again he has chosen you above all women of all nations of the worlds '' virgin mary has an important place in islam , and if there is a good place to show christians and muslims that they have many things in common , that is this one . 
  too bad , seems that the sons and daughters of abraham still rather fight between themselves . 
  well , yes : radicals are radically republican , which opposes them to monarchists ( conservatism , and either reactionaries or economically liberals ) on the right ; and communists and the second international on the left . 
  and if someone think these designations are obsolete , think on it : most country use * left * and * right * because of the seats plans of the revolutionary parliament , 18th century france ... 
  chirac and the ump begs to differ . 
  there are differences between the situations , bu macron does not represent a new paradigm , he is a ( succesfull ) new face for the radical parties ( for which giscard was elected in 74 , and who were pillars of the 3rd republic governments ) . 
  medieval ? 
  canonical law of the catholic church stopped compeling women to cover their head in church in 1983 ... 
  covering one 's head was , for women , if not compelled by religion , at least culturaly enforced till the mid 20th century in many parts of europe . 
  the priest still enforced a gender separation in church in the early 80s in my family church ( well , he was in his 80s too , and not a progressive to start with ) . 
  our societies have changed a lot in the past century or two . 
  well , the price for reunification was basically for west germany to allow everyone to use deutshmarks . 
  frankly , if you really want it , take back alsace ; just convince them to export boar meat ( they are still hoarding it all ) . 
  and many french students who does n't understand why there are so many `` x '' , what a `` l.l '' is , or why every \u00f1 has become a ny , 
  the number of words issued from greek that you 'll find in romance languages is not that low . 
  but , most importantly , through french , english and russian have incorporated a huge latin vocabulary ( german a little less ) ; and from russian , many slavic languages have followed . 
  additionally , grammar of russian and german have many similarities with latin : learning the last can help understand how the former works . 
  the * radical * in french politics comes from the * radically republicans * parties of the 19th century ( i.e. 
  parties that opposed any form of monarchism ), 
   i 'm not an expert on italian politics , but was that when a ( the ? ),
