  this article is about objectives , not means . 
  the complain is that europe is not ready to piously allign with the usa . 
  yes it has indeed . 
  but we must not forget that we were strong allies at the time ( think suez crisis ) when circumstances were right . 
  it is really a bad thing ? 
  ( and i say that as a strong partisan of a federal europe ) . 
  uk 's prudence on this matter is a good thing in my opinion , it forces us to go step by step , having to convince everyone each time . 
  prudence is not bad , we europeans have not a calm history . 
  do n't have a clue either 4 . 
  agreed . 
  france would certainly have pushed in the 80s/early 90s for a strongest integration . 
  the `` cost '' for german unification was the euro , and france would certainly have tried to push for a quickest integration if not for uk 's presence in the eu . 
  as said by / u/jb _ uk , verhofstadt with the alde is probably the most fervent fighter for a deeper european integration . 
  they are represented in france by the modem ( bayrou ) , the radical party ( h\u00e9nart / yade/borloo ) and avenir d\u00e9mocrate ( cavada ) , wich are mostly considered center-right parties . 
  the green parties and efa ( partis verts et alliance libre europ\u00e9enne ) are quite fervent supporters of a federal europe too . 
  they are mainly left parties , with a clear stand for an europe based on cultural regions rather than current countries . 
  the parties of this group are : eelv , unser land ( alsace ) , union d\u00e9mocratique bretonne ( bretagne ) , partitu di a nazione corsa ( corse ) , partit occitan ( occitanie ) , unitat catalana ( catalogne ) , mouvement r\u00e9gion savoie ( savoie ) and eusko alkartasuna ( pays basque ) ( i hope i have forgotten none ) . 
  now , many parties other than those are proponents of a deeper integration . 
  but ( personal opinion ) i think the alde is the most federalist of those , and verhofstadt has a real chance to gain the presidency ( it will quite probably be him or juncker for the right/center right epp ) ; bonus : verhofstadt speaks french ( if it is a criterai for you ), 
  the olympics were founded at a time where french occupied the place english has now on the international level . 
  one of the strongest factor for not adopting esperanto as a working language in the sdn was france 's hostility at seing another language challenge french dominance . 
  dumb is n't it ? 
  as much as dumb as keeping latin as an international language for nealry 2 millenia in western europe ... whatever , english will still keep some influence of this kind even should it lose its dominant place . 
  history , my friend , history . 
  at gunpoint , we speak german , much more efficient . 
  the real rule is `` no english except is you can obtain cash from a tourist '' . 
  ok , i love coffee ... but learning french and ordering coffee when you could drown in wine and beers ... a pity that . 
  you wan na know what an irregular verb can be ? 
  in french , the verb `` aller '' ( i.e. 
  `` to go '' ) have its roots in 3 latin verbs ( ambulo , eo and vado ) , with no real rule of the root for a given tense or person . 
  : `` i 'm going '' -  `` je vais '' , `` i was going '' -  `` j' allais '' , `` i will go '' -  `` j' irai '' . 
  \\ o / d'you know how many irregular verbs there are in french ? 
  me neither , though i 'm a native speaker . 
  and we have a few words that can change gender under rare circumstances ... 
  15 the latin 5 were arlready quite a bit of an hell ... but ... ok i got into chineese and it 's hundreds of quantifiers , i may try the challenge !, 
  sounds fun . 
  got many declensions and tenses ? 
  it says i should be finnish ... is the language hard to learn ? 
  uk and france have a few nukes by themselves too , and the capacity to launch them about everywhere . 
  and the us still possesses a few forces in europe . 
  mad still works . 
  russia has less than 2.5 million men in its army ( with reservists ) . 
  now , if you start to take into account all the people that have had military traning ... nope the eu still has more men than russia . 
  we would certainly mbilize in our own countries , but not send our forces in ukraine . 
  poland , baltic countries , slovakia and romania would be maned quite a lot . 
  now , the answer is : more than russia could . 
  there are more than 5 million soldiers in europe ( both actives and reserve ) , and all of them could be mobilized within 2-3 days . 
  not thinking about it as a `` moral '' issue does not mean it is not though as an issue , it may just be a trust or love issue . 
  that 's a good question . 
  it would be hard to give a straight and definitive answer to it ( france is quite diverse ) , but generally the hallmarks for a `` moral '' problem in france will be the fact an act can benefits you and harm someone else taking profit of a weakness of him/her . 
  basically , you could say that / u/frenchfry77400 perfectly showed it , 
  these are french names , except for kevin . 
  sebastien , nicolas , alexandre , fran\u00e7ois , gerard , jean : either they have the same origin as , or are the origin of , their english counterpart ( sebastian , nicolas , alexander , francis , jerry and john respectively ) . 
  except for alexander , these names have frankish or roman origin ; they have been in use for centuries . 
  but ... but ... you 're scottish !!, 
  what about the auld alliance ? 
  the 5 % only apply to the following category : * boys born with at least a parent coming from a muslim family * ( wich i rounded to around 10 % of the child born on a given year ) . 
  enzo represent 3 % of the newborns , i.e. 
  10k-12k newborns given that name per year . 
  this name transcendes social categories and religious origins . 
  mohamed is not as frequent , as it is somewhat given only in a specific category of the population , and represent some 5 % in this category , but only 1/2 a percent in the global population . . 
  i dont wan na know your shower thought ... at least if they are in whatever way similar to mines . 
  says who ? 
  ok , may be aggressive ... totally is , but given the fact 2000 newborn each year are named ` mohamed ' in france , so around 0.5 % of the boys , it does not makes the top-10 by quite far . 
  it may be the most popular in some of the poorest parisian region suburbs , but only because many immigrants and descendant are poor . 
  by the way , i will quote * le figaro * ( not really the most enthusiastic newspaper regarding immigration ) * the government counted all those people in france who came here from countries with a dominant muslim population , or whose parents did . 
  ** only 33 % of those 5 to 6 million people ( in other words , 2 million ) said they were practicing believers ** . 
  that figure is the same as that obtained by the ined/insee study last year . 
  * http://plus.lefigaro.fr/note/how-does-france-count-its-muslim-population-20110407-435643 one may believe that france turns everyone anti-religion . 
  `` mohamed '' ( north african variant , the most common in france ) is given each year to some 2000 newborns , out of 800k ( ok , i cheated : 400k if you count only boys ) . 
  given than the muslim community ( most of them either immigrants or whose ancestor immigrated in the 20th century ) represent some 5 to 7 % of the population , and that the natality rate is pretty flat in france ( it varies from 2.0 in the whole population to 2.3 among the muslims if my memory serves me well ) , there ca n't really be more than , 10 % of the children born with at least a muslim parent , which makes 40k newborn boys with a good chance to be given this name ( it may happen in families with no background in a muslim society , but i bet it 's pretty unfrequent and neglects this factor from now on ) . 
  so mohamed is given to only 5 % of the newborn in the good category ... not such a grand domination !, 
  * mehdi * was even more popular then mohamed in the 90s . 
  it would have been * lefranc * , probably not * lelibre * , given the vocabulary during high middle ages . 
  * donnedieu * is a good possibility too , t ` was the name given to orphans when their parents were unknown . 
  as a french , i wish this could be the standard accent of the whole english language . 
  all unemployment statistics are skewed . 
  take france : there are officially a little more than 3m people unemployed . 
  now , you have to add those who are dispensed from looking for a job ( older than 55 , handicaped , studying ) , and those who are not even looking for work ( either having abandonned or housewives ) . 
  the difference between the number of adults , not still studying , and having not reach retirement age , and the number of full-time jobs in france is around 9m , or 25 % . 
  unemployment is clearly worse in the eu than in the us ( 30m vs 10m i think ) . 
  now , will an unemployed european have better conditions of life than a low-wage working american , i do n't know ( it probably depends on the country in europe/the state in the us ), 
  never saw someone asking for that here . 
  but i must admit i only know what 's good friday because my adversaries in a video game have a free day today , so that may make the things even . 
  i do agree that these sound artificial , but in the case of progiciel , it is really usefull , i do n't think there 's word to describe that kind of softwares in other languages . 
  communication networks are seen by the dgse and french army as a potential weapon , and france clearly do want to be seen as a potential attacker , using the same doctrine as it does for nuclear weapons : `` who would be dumb enough to attack someone able to defend itself ? 
   ' `` english does n't borrow from other languages . 
  english follows other languages down dark alleys , knocks them over and goes through their pockets for loose grammar . '' ' - terry pratchett . 
  did n't knew this quote ... already love it !, 
  funnily enough , the words you quote are quite good translations , and are used ... and i would not say the same for most of the translations of technical informatics words which have an official translation ( those you quoted are about the only ones that really are used , although * ramasse-miettes * is not frequent but quite beatifull ) . 
  and a word like * progicel * , quite usefull , has no simple translation into english , 
  you could use `` fratrie '' in french , although the meaning is not exactly the same . 
  less than 250 years ago , the french flag was indeed white ( with yellow fleur-de-lys ) . 
  we just used to attack everyone wearing it . 
  then we changed to a new one ... and quickly used it to attack everyone again , 
  i do n't even understand german and still i find the german version [ beautifull ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqpn_ivawwg ) . 
  there is between 100k and 300k french in london alone ... then again , we have a fucking sea with a tunnel !, 
  thanks for the explanations, 
  would n't you qualify the black army opf mackhno as `` freedom fighters '' ? 
  ( that is an open question , i do n't know enough about ukrainian history ),
