  it seems we 'll not agree on these points . 
  although i do not disagree that , at least in europe ( no knowledge regarding how it works in other parts of the world ) , people * authorised * ( some criminals are willing too ) to carry a firearm in a personnal capacity have received training , what is this training ? 
  hunting and sport have no common point with a terrorist attack in term of stress and ability to cope . 
  with the exception of anti-terrorist forces , not many cops have any experience in such situations . 
  even in the army , finding oneself thrown into a combat situation without warning , expectation , nor support , is unfrequent , and training for such situations is mostly done for special forces . 
  even with a military training , and in a situation where one expect to be thrown in a combat situation , people freeze or act irrationally . 
  i do not disagree that it does happen that someone not trained will , thrown in such a situation , stay calm , focused , and act in a way that will stop the agressor ( s ) quickly and efficiently ; i do not disagree that someone armed and keeping it 's calmed could have a very positive impact on the resolution . 
  but i do only know of 3 such situations in the last 5 years in france ( 60 + m inhabitants ) , and none was a situation where one would even think to carry a firearm ( a concert , going to school , and drawing cartoons ) . 
  how many situations of conflict arose in the same period , where the possession and ( panicked ) use of a firearm would have led to death ? 
  said civilian may strongly disagree with you . 
  the situation was `` x terrorists shooting in a crowd '' , it has become `` x terrorist and a panicked untrained person shooting in a crowd '' , i fail to see how it is not worse ( and by `` untrained '' i do not mean `` unable to use a gun '' , i mean `` trained to use a gun in a range , with absolutely no experience in another situation '' ) . 
  there is a reason for cops being instructed not to use their weapons among civilians . 
   one guy with a gun in the bataclan could have made a huge difference . 
  he certainly would n't have made the problem worse . 
  i fear i must strongly disagree with you on that point : while , indeed , a trained anti-terrorist cop or someone with experience in war zones in the army could have made a difference ( with a little luck ) ; most people ( and by most , i mean 99 . xx % ) have no experience of this kind of situation , have never tried using a firearm among civilians and in a crisis situation . 
  at best , the person will panic and just forget his weapon ; at worst , he will try ( and fail ) to shoot the terrorists but kill even more civilians . 
  the jewish population of modern day israel and palestina probably never went under 5 to 10 % of the total population , since the end of the crusading states ( there was barely a million inhabitants in this region in 1933 for example , and maybe 15 % of them jewish ) . 
  by the way , given that around 20 % of the population in israel is muslim or christian , you can only consider that there are more than 8m jewish on a genetic point of view ( palestinian are genetically the nearest cousins of both sefaradi and askhenazi ) . 
  same reaction has a high probability , 
  do not go and say that in corsica , you 'd find yourself in the middle of a civil war ... 
  and the translation in french : `` si ma tante en avait on l'appellerait mon oncle '' ( if my aunt had some * [ balls ] * we 'd call * [ her/him : non definite article '' l' '' ] * my uncle ) . 
  this is one of the explanations , but the french population stopped growing at the same rate as in the other european countries in the early 17th century . 
  inheritance rights are not the sole explanation . 
  it 's a possibility . 
  the 30 years war `` only '' killed a quarter of the hre population though ... and germany as we know today may not exist without it . 
  zebras are nice :d, 
  in the 18th and early 19th century , probably . 
  and the americas would speak french ( imagine what would have happened had millions of catholic french immigrated in the great plains and the mississippi valley ... what a mess today ) . 
  after the conquest of algeria , maybe not so much would have gone to the americas ( there again , what a mess if the christian population had been as big or bigger as the muslim one by the decolonisation ), 
  i do n't know , and have not been able to find a definitive answer on r/askhistorians . 
  best i know : equal inheritance laws in a mostly rural country ( meaning if you have many children , you 'll have to cut pieces of the familial farm ) , and an already high population density ( untill the end of the 18th century , only the qing empire and the moghol empire had a highest population than the french kingdom , and the population density of the whole country had not really risen since before the black death ) . 
  if the french population growth had not stalled in the 18th and 19th century but followed its neighbor 's , there would be 200m to 300m frenchmen and women today . 
  does n't seem to be a correlation between those data . 
  well , that explains why he acted normal when confronted with american tourists !, 
  man , i 'm sorry to say it that way , but i must : i think your dad may have hidden that he is in fact french ... 
  the intro song is quite nice in german . 
  canada is just canada , but , well , it 's in n america is n't it ? 
  so they must do the same thing . 
  and if we agree on that it will be just the same as opening the door to everything . 
  ( well , not compulsory my opinion , but any opening on food producing is , at best , viewed with suspicion in france ) . 
  the claimed reason would be something like `` we do not want our producers to be put out of business by americans who fed million of heads of cattle no one know exactly what in factory-like farms '' . 
  it 's a mix of nationalism ( negative : `` no one is better at farming than us '' and positive : `` letting food production get out is a danger in case of international problems '' ) , protection of the economy , structure of production ( small farms when compared with north america ) , self-preservation ( the president that anounces to the farmers that they have to submit to international firms will probably die suicided in his bed under a few metric tons of manure ) . 
  i do n't want to frighten you , but the majority of people you 'll find in paris , even in the most touristic places , are parisians . 
  no rumor , just the truth : millions of parisian infest paris . 
  a few million probably probably would . 
  on the other hand , delano\u00eb was mayor of paris for 13 years and no one really cared that he is gay ( well , he was knifed once , so some obviously did ) , and won his re-election in 2007 with more votes than in 2001 . 
  macron being gay may even enhance his chances : he already performed to seduce his teacher while in high school , a gay lover on the side would put him on a height similar with our best presidents ( actress girlfriend , singer girlfriend , daughter on the side , death by prostitute , are some of the most notable achievments of past french presidents ) . 
  polls are not `` that '' wrong generally , but there is always a part of uncertainty , the evolution of public opinion , last moment choices , and political event . 
  the best example is the first round in 2002 : le pen polled at 13 % or 14 % in the month before the election , and won 17 % ( which allowed him to go to the second round ) ; in the second round , he won 18 % when he had been at 22 % in the polls 2 weeks before . 
  polls are good tools , but they do not constitute perfect predictions ; while the probability that fillon will beat le pen in the second round is high , it is not certain that it will happen ; macron has a chance to reach round 2 , and a few others scenarii have a low but not null probability . 
  should the vote takes place tomorrow , and follow the polls , she does n't have a chance . 
  but the vote is not for several months , and as seen in the us , polls are not perfect ; add to that the fact that the list is not closed , it 's hard to predict right now what will happen . 
  ( hollande , that have been the butt of jokes by everyone for 20 years , has been elected in 2012 ; no one would have bet in him before strauss-kahn fall ) . 
  at the moment , we look for a duel between fillon and le pen , with fillon winning the way chirac did in 2002 . 
  but nothing is done : alliot-marie still want to run , and could drain enough votes from fillon to get him under 20 % ; hamon and valls do not have exactly the same electors ; le pen could be shot down by an affair ( corruption from russia for example , if it happens ) , and no one know where her electors would go ( potentially they could get m\u00e9lenchon quite high ) . 
  in a macron-le pen duel , where would the electors of fillon or melenchon vote ? 
  nuclear is a good solution in the short term ( decades to a century ) . 
  the problems of the waste is mainly political ( no one want waste disposal near ones home ) , but the question of how to keep these waste materials safe over thousand of years is an important one . 
  the problem of the end of life of the reactors is another one without clear answer today . 
  there are advantages of a mostly nuclear-based energy mix ; but fission-based energy production wont be a solution for ever , and works regarding fusion are not advancing quickly enough today . 
  sorry , cap in english ( common agricultural policy ), 
  well , do n't we already do that , at least a little ? 
  1 : migration to the wealthier nations is part of the reason for brexit ; france and germany have millions of immigrants from other european countries 2 : this exists in many european countries 3 : the pac is a strong component of this, 
  it is mainly used in such a way within the government ( such as for the `` ministre des cultes '' -  `` minister of cults '' ) , but it is an aged if not antiquated use outside of theological language ; it frequently has a negative connotation nowadays . 
  most of the time , if you hear someone using the word , it is at best as a synonym of `` secte '', 
  the term `` culte '' is perfectly neutral when used in this context , but can also be used with a negative connotation ( mostly when speaking about a religious movement , or assimilated , not a part of the abrahamic ones ) . 
  by the way , in french , the term `` secte '' is rarely used in line with the english word `` sect '' ; most of the time , it is a more or less direct translation of `` cult '' . 
  ren\u00e9 coty and vincent auriol were the two presidents of the 4th republic ( 1946-1958 ) . 
  they were basically flowers holders for ceremonies . 
  ren\u00e9 coty is probably best remembered for being talked about in the movie oss117 . 
  vincent auriol is ... well , basically forgotten . 
  too bad there 's no data for slovakia , would have been interesting to see how wide is the divide . 
  well , it 's primarily in the anglo-saxon countries right now ; and , depending on the form it takes in the future , it may or may not incite reactionary fires . 
  depends how many children ( and where ) i have : where i to be active enough , i could leave the world more french than when i was born , 
  the question is : what do i hold sacred , what does the whole society holds more or less sacred , that may change within the next 20 to 50 years ? 
  regarding automation and universal income , i 'm already thinking we 'll probably need it ( and forget the ` work or starve ' credo ) , so this one wo n't need my burial . 
  i could see privacy ( and its absence ) and genetic manipulations before birth be two such subjects . 
  a come back of indentured servitude ? 
  complete devolution of inheritances to the state ? 
  compulsory euthanasia , yes that would be one such , but the society does not ( yet ? ), 
  seems to go that way . 
  society changes one burial at the time . 
  which makes me wonder : what change will my burial propel when it comes ? 
  frankly , most questions regarding history falls more or less in the ` yeah i already heard this name somewhere ' category . 
  an important king , the best known philosopher , the jump-start of higher education , current events , ( known ? 
  important ? ), 
  artists , right of vote for women , territorial change and status . 
  probably not everyone can pass this test , but it does not seem that hard if many who never lived or even visited denmark can score over 50 % . 
  62 % for me : i mainly failed at knowing who 's who ( danish sculptors , royalty , educators , ... ) , except for kierkegaard !, 
  and at knowing the exact status of islands . 
  but other parts are ... well , basically west european common history and eu knowledge . 
  bayonnet are still a part of the standard equipment , why would n't it be a valid weapon ? 
  by the way , the machete was one of the most used weapon during the 2nd part of the 20th century ( mainly during conflicts in africa ) . 
  cavalry ( as in , with horses ) charges are not unknown in the 21st century ( the afghan geography places armies in quite a conundrum sometimes ) , and they can be effective too . 
  and not everything from the past is bad , i just do n't see no reason not to do better in the present and future . 
  switzerland is full of french and german , norwegians are buying alcohool in sweden and we are slowly phagocitating the balkans so ... yes ? 
  at least they would probably be less misbehaving , 
  `` the girls prefer '' is partially ( if not totally ) cultural . 
  the early it sections in university were full with women ( because keyboard means secretary mean woman maybe ? 
  ) , and it only changed with the advent of personal computers in the early 80s,
