  only ireland has a sustainable birth rate in the eu , while hungary , spain , portugal , greece in the eu , have a birth rate lower than italy . 
  the church i went ( rarely i must admit ) in my childhood was segregated , with men on a side , women on an other . 
  a little more than 20 years ago , in a western european country , and because the priest thought it was to be so . 
  religious biggots are all the same . 
  we just gagged the christian ones ( in most western europe ) . 
  hum ... 
  i know i will sound arrogant , but my master in mathematics says me that 1 ) 250k women having a child each 2.5 year does mean 100k babies per year ; 2 ) and your exemple of trentio alto adige says what i told you ( 10k births for 1m inhabitants , i.e. 
  10k births for around 250k women between 15 and 45 , not 100k for 1m inhabitant ) . 
  100k babies per 1m inhabitants is a case very rare . 
  the highest fertility rates in the world are in niger and in the haredi community in israel and is around 7 children per woman . 
  nearly 600.000 births a year ; 60.000.000 inhabitants : thats 1 birth per 100 inhabitant per year , or 10.000 births pers 1.000.000 inhabitants per year . 
  let 's suppose 1m inhabitants mean 250k women in age to procreate ( 15 -  45 ) ; that would mean that each italian woman would have 1 child each 2.5 year , or 12 children total in her life ... as italian rate is near 1.2 child/woman , i 'm pretty sur 10k birth per million inhabitant per year is indeed correct , 
  you made a little error in your division ( 100k children per 1m inhabitants per year would be quite a lot , 10k may be better ;-) ), 
  it 's quite fun : as a french who studied latin and a little italian , the only way for me to understand written romanian is to search for the words latin and italian roots ( which may be the same most of the times ) . 
  but i do agree that spoken romanian is just gibberish ( with latin roots ) for me . 
  romanian has a weird something . 
  too many vowels i think . 
  but it can be understood if you have a good grasp of latin or italian . 
  `` at the date of publication in the public journal of the moldovan republic '' do n't really speak romanian , but i think the process is the same as in france , i.e. 
  a law/decree is officially enforced on the ady of its publication in the official journal of the government . 
  as said / u/laoba , you would indeed lose . 
  immigrants birthrate has been shrinking globally in france for the last 30 years ; immigrants to france have less children than resident of their origin country , except if they come from another european country ( and in that case , they have more children than resident of their origin country ) . 
  you can see this on p99 and p105 of http://www.insee.fr/fr/ffc/docs_ffc/ref/immfra12_g_flot1_pop.pdf, 
  well , the question is `` what 's the definition of a muslim '' ? 
  in france , you can find 3 definitions : ethnographic ( whose parents are originated from a country with a muslim majority ) , declared ( who claims to be muslim in polls ) and religious ( belief and practice ) . 
  ethnographic gives you 6-7m , declared 4.5-5m , religious ~ 2m ; basically it 's the difference between origin , identification , and belief . 
  another good example is a [ poll from 2010 , by the csa ] ( http://archive.wikiwix.com/cache/?url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.csa-fr.com%2fdataset%2fdata2006%2fopi20061025d-portrait-des-catholiques.htm ) : among those who defines themselves a catholics , 55 % do so because their family is , 21 % because of belief , 14 % because of belief in values , 9 % because of history and culture . 
  it is quite certain that this phenomenon is not as prevalent among those who identify themselves as muslims , is mostly silent and is not clear-cut ( you can not believe , go to the mosque during ramadam with your parents , drink alcohol and not eat porc ; in the same way that many `` christians '' do not believe , goes with their parents to christmas mass , and had a child before marrying at church ) . 
  hum ... the only way in france for a religious law to be applied is for you to be a muslim in mayotte and not having renounced your right to fall under coutume ; even then , a civilian judge is the final authority , and some religious rules application is forbidden ( stoning for example , repudiation and polygamous unions for those born since the mid-80s also ) . 
  while arbitral law is indeed extensively used in france , it has to be choosen by all the parties , and the state can and often will intervene when there is suspicion of crime . 
  last point , the religious marriage have no legal weight in france ... it 's simply a ceremony that is only legal if the couple is already civily married ( if performed for a non civily-married couple , it falls under the book `` of crimes and misdemeanors against the state '' of the civil code ) . 
  civil marriage have been the only form legally aknowledged for mor than 2 centuries ... 
  indeed , but in the case of divorce for example , the arbiter is a judge , each party must have a licensed lawyer , and the arbitration can be contested in court . 
  several countries in europe have this capability ... in the short term . 
  but every single one sees sending an occupation force and taking control of the country as nearly the worst thing that they could do . 
  among the countries that took this approach in recent history ( since ww2 ) , only the us have performed to success at it , and not in the last 20 years ( germany and japan after ww2 were successes for the us , vietnam not so much , afghanistan and iraq will probably be seen as failures on most points by history ) . 
  france 's occupation of vietnam and algeria only led to de gaulle coming back to power in what was nearly a coup d'\u00e9tat ; portugal trying to keep its colonies in mozambique and angola led to the carnation revolution ; only the uk escaped decolonisation problems ( except for the falklands war ) , while many among its former colonies did n't . 
  france or england could certainly , by themselves , send a few tens of thousands of their military in syria over a year or two ; but that would probably broke them politically , and worsen their economic difficulties . 
  the only possibility who could be seen as viable from here would be a partnership with russia and assad agreing to a political transition in the country , but the recent successes of russia in their support of assad makes that unprobable . 
  it will be kept as a working language `` temporarily '' till scotland joins . 
  50 times higher per worker yes , but arable soil is a finite resource . 
  france and northern italy ( the most populated parts of europe in the middle ages ) would not be able to grow enough food for 50 times their middle ages population ( the population density was over 50 hab/sqkm before the black death in france ... ), 
  that may have an impact upon prices . 
  istanbul has the same problem : it was a relatively cheap city , but the demographic explosion is driving the prices sky high ( well , for turkey , it is still far from most western european cities ), 
  berliners find their city too pricey ? 
  paris , london , bern , yes ; even vienna and munich i can understand , but berlin ... 
  there are several possibilities : * an administrative tribunal can strike it down if it is judged inconstitutional or illegal * everyone can just ignore it because the definition of what exactly is forbidden is not precise enough and the police chief for the city just give the order to do nothing ( `` i do n't want a problem , so as long as there is no isis flag and preach , it is not against secularism ! '' ), 
  * what is happening : associations can assign the mayor in justice for being discriminatory , racist , anything they want ; it will be the role of the tribunal to judge who is right ( or who is not wrong ), 
  it would go down , to about 79 ( life expectancy in the palestinian territories is in line with that of jordan ) . 
  the data shown takes into account israeli citizens ( jews , and christain and muslim arabs ) . 
  why would a frenchman needs reddit or r/yurop to blame the brits ? 
  well there have been wallabies south of paris for decades , so the climate will not be a problem in austria . 
  you just need more than one to procreate ... 
  well , that 's the point : most out of turkey and the balkans know about nothing about a founding father of modern turkey ; it makes it quite a simple thing to merge the reality of its acts with fiction when you use him as a < proof that turkey is our friend and shall join the eu/proof that turkey is the advanced soldier in europe of the war islam wages against the world/whatever else you may promote  . 
  his memory is ( not that frequently , but still ) used to promotes whatever message a politician wants to be promoted ; the same way the founding fathers in the us are used to promote < guns ownership/slavery/whatever  in the us ; the same way the current regime in iran is criticised using the image of the shah ( `` the islamic barbarians kicked him when he was the best thing that happened to iran '' ) . 
  i do . 
  i 'm pretty sure too that half of what we hear about erdogan is disformed , and the only asl\u0131han i know works as an it consultant in istanbul . 
  regarding ataturk , well : what do you really know about de gaulle policies ? 
  about the military strategies he championed ? 
  do you consider his return to power in 58 to be a military coup or not ? 
  do you think it 's the may 68 events that led him to leave power ? 
  should france become a target in turkish media , and de gaulle be used as the image of all which in wrong in france , would you be able to know when you 're fed lies ? 
  yep , knew i would have a reaction at that one . 
  here 's the context : some ppulation in the ottoman empire were massacred before and mainly during the first world war ( armenians , assyrians , pontic greeks ) ; mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk is the best know turk of the period ( and i know he was a military leader and had nothing to do with the policies of the ottoman empire at the time ) ; therefore , ataturk ordered a genocide commited . 
  it does lacks logic ; it is not an argument built upon connected facts ; but well ... when you 're a political leader who wants to use turkey as a scarecrow , you try to convince people who have very few knolwedge of how the ottoman empire disappeared exactly ( `` it was because of wwi '' ) , and voila !, 
  frankly , how most of europe see turkey can be resumed as `` it 's complicated '' . 
  on one hand turkey is our ally , on the other it 's a totally different culture ; most are muslims ( bad ) but aslihan at the kebab shop a block down is a cool girl and help carry the groceries of the grandmother who live next door ( good ) ; sometimes we hear about ataturk who took the country out of the middle ages ( good ) but massacred about everyone not turk ( bad ) and sometimes about erdogan who will forces all women to wear a burka and stay at home ( bad ) but who helps the palestinians and still is a friend of israel ( good ) ; sometimes turkey is an european dictature and sometimes a middle eastern democracy ; and most of the time all that just depends on the message politicians in our countries want to pass regarding national policies ( integration of the immigrants , religious policy , economy , ... ) . 
  there is a restriction about everywhere regarding voting rights : the youths ( under 16 , 18 , 21 , whatever ) do not have the right to vote because it is considered they are not able to make an informed decision ... someone who asks `` what is the eu ? '', 
  hours after casting the vote `` i want to leave the eu '' , was by definition not making an informed decision ... ( well , someone who cast the vote `` i want to stay '' and asks itself the question `` what is the eu '' is a moron too in my opinion , but at least he does not makes the choice to jump blindly ), 
  horse is hard to cook properly , that 's what 's wrong !, 
  frogs ? 
  check blood sausage ? 
  check horse meat ? 
  check tripes ? 
  check snails ? 
  check we only lack fish delicacies ( although we have bouillabaisse ) it 's the contrary of `` worse '' you barbarian !, 
  no one will deny that poor in the us is not `` that '' poor . 
  but given that being in the top decile in italy or israel means that you have a job , no problem for paying your health insurance , own your house/flat , can buy a new car when needed , go in holiday on a tropical island ( well , maybe only once every 2 or 3 years ) and send your children in private schools , i have my doubts . 
  the chart is `` based on 10 normalised indicators '' , among them only 2 known ( quality of life and civic engagement , no more indication regarding what they measure ) ; although the phrase `` lies , damned lies , and statistics '' is frequently misused , in this case , without any indication regarding how these data were obtained or manipulated , it applies quite well ( hell , for all we know , the distance from your home to kansas city or to the nearest wal-mart or ikea could be factors in the graph ... ), 
  many christian writers in the middle ages ( mainly females ) used descriptions , when speaking of spiritual experiences , that can be interpreted as being sexual in nature . 
  by the way , have you ever read the song of song ? 
  attacks by everyone considered to be serious threats could be averted if we were to put them to jail / expel them ; on the other hand , such an action would cause some of their family and friends to become serious threats ( and their reasons would include `` my brother is in jail when he did nothing '' , which is a pretty good reason to despise and want to act against a country ) . 
  among 500m + inhabitants , thousands or ten of thousands may be known as potential terrorists by security services ( due to their expressed views or their friend 's ) ; and each year , a few do act . 
  these days , terrorists acts are commited by people who despise the funding aspects of our societies : freedom , equality , ... should we start acting against those who despise it ( a freedom which is granted to them ) but do not act , then we worked for their goals . 
  a good dilemna : on one hand , lives are destroyed by those who want to burn the notion of freedom ; on the other , we can stop them by destroying said freedom . 
  hey !, 
  no poaching !, 
  hum ... 
  the have been black skinned french since the 18th century ( mainly in the antilles ) . 
  were we to deny anyone with black skin from the french nationality , then people from corsica , nice , savoy , and alsass should be denied it too . 
  plus the millions descended from polish , italian , russian , belgian , spanish , portuguese , ... immigrants . 
  there are indeed no statistics on crimes commited based on the skin color or religion in france . 
  so what ? 
  should a person loose his rights because there is a criminal who shares something with him ? 
  ( i propose , as criterion : eye color instead of skin color and political affiliation instead of religious ; could be fun ! ) . 
  finally , regarding france as a `` shithole '' : well , it may be that way for some ... mainly the poorest ( frequently immigrants or descended from immigrants ) . 
  outside of the lowest 10-20 % in revenue , its not a bad place to live . 
  but well ... 
  the most dangerous city in france has the level of criminality of rural new england , life expectancy is not bad , you do n't need to take a 20-years loan to go to university ... sure a shithole . 
  if it 's -25 \u00b0 , southern europeans grade * sharing corporal heat * quite a bit higher than * respecting other 's space * , and basically seek to use as little space as possible .
