even with their current salaries , the private sector is ready to offer more to many people in high positions in the public sector . 
  if you compare what you earns and what another company is ready to pay you for , it becomes a good choices to change when the difference reach 10 % and you are clearly underpaid when it reaches 30 % ( that are basically the numbers i consider ) ; using these numbers ... there are people in the public sector who clearly are underpaid . 
  yep , but either everyone forgot them ( who still knows who the angles were ? ), 
  or they did it through marriage , only to loose hanover when they got a girl . 
  whatever , you get invaded once per millenia , and each time from the shores of france ... prepare to eat frogs ... again !, 
  you stole half your words from french ( and only the interesting ones !, 
  ) , and 2/3rd of your grammar from german ; you just rebranded it , and tadaam !, 
  well , technically , only a part of the ump ( right wing ) can be described as `` conservative '' . 
  fn is a reactionary party with some roots in the pre-ww2 psf , the ump is mainly a liberal party ( with some exceptions , like christine boutin ) . 
  bayrou ( modem , center ) is probably the most proeminent christian politician , and even him strongly advocates a separation of faith and politics . 
  regarding religion , christians and jewish have not had their `` own '' party for quite a long time , and religious practice has been declining among them for a century now . 
  muslims have never had a party based on religion , and are turning only now toward conservative parties ( and not quickly ; they are traditionally left voters ) ; but whatever , religious practice among the muslims is lowering ( very ) quickly . 
  the pacs ( civil union , for hetero - and homo-sexual couples alike ) was strongly opposed during the 90s , till it was voted in 1999 ; no one but a fringe still talks about it . 
  homosexual marriage was not really a topic in the 2000s , was voted in 2013 , may be debated in 2017 ( next presidential election ) , and will probably not by a political topic anymore by 2020 . 
  i do n't know if the baltics weather would allow for such right now , but there are lines in france and spain where trains average more than 300km/h . 
  now there are a few advantages for the train : a railway station can be directly in a town ( although a multimodal airport is as efficient ) ; the sound level is far lower than with a plane ( for the passengers , it is 10 to 15 db lower than in a plane ) ; it costs less , and can rely on electric power ; and the limit on luggage is far higher than with a plane . 
  it will certainly cost more time than plane for quite long yet ( as far as you do n't have to go through customs , you can pre-check , drop at the airport 1/2h before take off and be ready ) , as long as tubes trains are a scifi dream . 
  the senate have been on the left for 4 years since 1958 ... it 's not that big an event . 
  some ( many ? ), 
  people in europe do think this too . 
  think about the success of the fn ... what they quickly forget is that 1 ) muslims already invaded , and even performed to stay for a few centuries in the alps and pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es and 2 ) muslims immigrants are turning a-religious quicker that every other community ( either native or immigrated ) in france did ... 
  france get it 's uranium from foreign countries because it 's cheaper , not because it has none . 
  it would cost quite a lot for france to re-open uranium producing mines , and even more in order to enrich it , but it would be possible . 
  ok there is a huge mistake on this map : the mention `` nothing but goats '' is on a place where there are mostly sheeps , and just south of a region ruled by cows ( and my home ) . 
  but fairly accurate nonetheless . 
  it does n't , but it may mean that she 's quite less frightened by ( images of ) her body than others . 
  she may be more expansive that i would be at ease with myself , but i doubt it impacts the quality of her work , so not my problem . 
  and if it has an impact over the quality of work of others , they either should learn not to watch what disturs them or lose my vote . 
  really , there are two advantages : it is cleaner ( if you do n't teach the boy how to clean itself properly ) , and it reduces the risk of catching some sti ( if you do n't teach your children how to protect against them ) . 
  there are more efficient ( and less dumb in my opinion ) ways to attain these advantages , but it does n't mean they does n't exists . 
  it depends a lot of family traditions and generations . 
  in my family , a cousin of my grandfather would probably kiss ( cheek to cheek ) the father of a friend of mine if i 'm here to present them , but his grandson would only kiss up to his second cousin ( and only half of them ) . 
  the number of kiss heavily varies regarding regions of origin , and the choice between kissing and shaking hands will be defined by the place , the professional and familial relationship , sex , context , and preferences of the most senior . 
  hollande is in this position because he has the charisma of a dead oyster ; he was elected because 1 ) every other socialist leader either suicided previously or was not in mood for a suicide and 2 ) france basically hated the previous president ( who has quite a lot of charisma ) . 
  french economy is going neither better nor worse , the socialists are divided between a centrist and a leftist movement , a case of corruption was found in his government , and he is not charismatic . 
  maybe his work is `` not that bad '' , but that means that everyone thinks his work is `` not good enough '' . 
  this is true in the countryside as much as in paris . 
  i would say that in france , the line between `` would date '' and `` would not date '' do not depend of your skin color but much more of your social `` class '' you are originated from and of the one you 're able to reach . 
  it shall be noted too that religion is important in everyday life for maybe 10 % of the inhabitants , so that 's one less barrier . 
  france : i would say `` very '' , but it depends more of the social background : it is quite unfrequent among the most religious groups ( be they muslims , christians or jews ) , and basically no one else care . 
  i would say that skin color is really less important that social origin . 
  now , i found an article from a few years back ( [ link if you read french ] ( http://www.atlantico.fr/decryptage/metissage-tabou-francais-68456.html ) ) that argues that interbreeding is very frequent and taboo at the same time in france . 
  i have had girlfriends of different `` race '' than mine . 
  no one seemed to find that strange . 
  in my eyes , wilson plan was the only real functional one . 
  any solution proning the dismembrement of germany would have resulted in the 50s in a war between an alliance of right nationalists and fascists of europe ( france , italy , poland , austria , the balkans and baltic countries ) and russia , with maybe france and italy owning nuclear weapons ... now , germany responsibility in ww1 was huge ; every other country put themselves in a position where they would be dragged into any war that could happen , but germany launched the match in this powder barrel . 
  french surrendering jokes are fun ( if done well ) ( even to a french like me ) . 
  they are even more if you understand that france have been for a few centuries a country which liked war , and could be beaten only if 1 ) you united all europe against us for a few years or 2 ) we started internal fights ( exterior ennemies are not fun , let 's fight among ourselves yay ) . 
  and they are if you understand that france , as ww2 started , was a pacifist country because of a war 20 years before which killed a few percent of the population , let another few percent with a handicap , a third of the children orphans and 10 % of the territory to be rebuilt ; add a few senescent military leaders unable to react to their german counterpart strategies , outmanoeuvred within weeks , in a political unstable country : surrender is the only solution . 
  moreover , in france at least , not fighting to protect an ally would cause a fucking revolution ; the president , prime minister and most majority leaders would be ousted within hours should they let russia attack a eu country . 
  having been among the most populous ( gallia had a fifth of the roman empire population , and france was the 3rd most populous political entity till the 19th century ) and richest countries in the world for a millenia helps too . 
  add geography , and you get a winning trio . 
  oh , i nearly forgot : you need a megalomaniac leader or three per century . 
  the word `` singe '' in french designates all simians , so the human being is a `` singe '' . 
  thus , it does makes sense to call any human being a `` singe '' , it is indeed a much better description of our place in the philogenetic classification than , say , `` primate '' , even if it is really not precise enough for a biologist , 
  she 's going to appeal the sentence , and will probably get at most a suspended sentence . 
  this judgement is really hard , like , she 's getting the maximum possible . 
  the judgement was in a guyanan court ( 7k km from her home ) , and it seems that no local conselor accepted to defend her . 
  the insult was disgusting , and it is not such a `` light '' offense ; but the sentence is really harsher than it should be in my opinion . 
  the ustachi regime , who sided with the axis , was on par with the nazis and japaneese regarding the violence they imposed on yugoslavia ; and the resistance to this regime was really , really strong : communists and royalists fought them , and fought one another at times . 
  as with china , we somehow forget that these countries lived a civil war along with ww2 , and one can not really say that yugoslavia did `` remain unscaved thoughout the war '' . 
  there were more than 1m death in yugoslavia during ww2 , as much as in france and italy together ... except for bulgaria , ww2 was quite destructive in the balkans ( yugoslavia , greece , romania , albania ) , these countries paid a huge toll . 
  fun fact : in france there are 6 millions person immigrated , or are descended from persons immigrated , from north african countries . 
  and 2 million practicing muslims . 
  france has quite a big immigrated population , mainly issued from muslim countries , but would not have a majority of muslim even if you were to take into account only immigrants . 
  i think you underestimate the heterogenous nature of most european countries . 
  some countries have clear ethnic majorities ( if you use the american meaning for the word `` ethnic '' ) , but most does n't really . 
  belgium is the easiest to see , but the uk has 4 nations , there are deep differences between the communidades of spain ( it 's not only catalunya , the basque country or galicia too ) or the landers of germany ( think about the differences between bavaria and the east-german landers ) , or the grand regions of france ( britanny with its celtic language , alsacce with a german language , a third of the country spoke occitan a century ago , corsica , basque country ... ) , the two halves of italy , romania with a huge rom community , the clusterfuck of ex-yugoslavia , ... 
  there has never been a real cultural unicity in the big european countries . 
  i would even go as far as saying that the european countries have way more experience in dealing with cultural melting than the us . 
  been confident in one 's skills is a good thing really . 
  it will allow you to try , and get better . 
  take france : everyone or nearly has taken minimum 4 year of english lessons ; holding a basic conversation should be tried by anyone , yet people think they do n't speak it well enough , thus do not even try to maintain their level ... and you get a 39 % of confidence . 
  oups , my bad . 
  thanks !, 
  so ... the president asking to be accalimed monarch ... that only happened to 2 out of 4 dead republics in france ( even 3 out of 4 if you take into account de gaulle ending the 4th ), 
  there is always a chance . 
  i would n't bet a pence on this one though , 
  thanks very much . 
  so a referendum can be enough ... but can the president totally bypass the assembly and calling for one ? 
  france : the problem is 3-fold * there are several candidates , the most known among them ( and potentially the one with the best claim ) being juan carlos de borbon ... * going back to a monarchy would mean a new constitution : for that , we would need an agreement of 3/5 of the two chambers and a referendum * the royalist party * alliance royale * got a huge success in the 2009 european elections with 0.025 % of the vote , it 's best ever ... 
  this explanation may be true only for france ( i do n't know thye political situation of other countries well enough ) : because what we call `` far left '' has far less common points with the communist regimes of the past than the `` far right '' has with the fascist/tradictionalist regimes of the 30s to 70s . 
  in france , you could qualify the communists , the npa , fo and some greens as being part of the far-left . 
  communist and greens are republicans ( i.e. 
  in favor of a multi-party system , and they have had ministers in the past 30 years in socialist governments ) , and npa and fo are not really leaning toward a dictatorial system ( although many in these parties , which earned 2 % of the votes , would not been insulted if accused of wanting a proletariat dictature ) . 
  not really your ex-urss or cuban-loving proto-dictators . 
  now , if you consider the `` far right '' , although they would deny the qualification of `` fascist '' , they are proponents of a isolationist and nationalist system akin to the franquist regime in spain or the rule of salazar in portugal . 
  while most of them deny the `` racist '' qualifier , they oppose people between the `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' and the `` fran\u00e7ais par acquisition '' : basically , do you have pure french blood ( or at least are originated from a catholic country , italian , belgian , spanish or polish descendants are quite accepted ) or not ( i.e. 
  your grand parents were born somewhere in africa ) ? . 
  and they would go as far as say to you `` go back to your country '' if they consider you 're not `` french enough '' ( which would apply to people whose parents at least were born in france , and in the case of families originated from algeria , where your ancestors for the last 2 centuries were born in france ) . 
  the far-left stalinist-leaning is dead in western europe , and has not had a real impact since at least the early 80s ( in france , it would be with its participation in the first government of mitterand in 81 ) ; timely , the far right started to grow back in the 80s in france , with le pen . 
  ** tldr ; ** far left in france hates stalin or the kim family and despise castro , but loves dom helder camara ; far-right regrets franco and p\u00e9tain , would gladly shake hands with mussolini , and loves arnaud amaury . 
  but the front national only propose a policy `` a la franco '' : let 's close on ourselves . 
  they may be able to keep this promise , should they one day come to power ... and we 'll probably be quite happy to go back toward promises-breaking parties . 
  not exactly twice as much , and after i checked my data were 2 years old , it indeed evolved since . 
  but this does n't invalidate my point : russia would not be able to really confront europe . 
  if nukes are involved , everyone 's dead ; and if they are n't , european countries have more chance to `` win '' such a conflict than russia . 
  more of its budget still means only 1/7th of total us expenses ( 80b against 600b + ), 
  uk and france spends each more than russia on defense , and have a capacity to project troops russia does n't have . 
  eu has 3 times more military personel than russia , and spends each years nearly 6 times more .
