  picking one or a few datas , and coming to an absolute conclusion is just not the way to go . 
  i could play this game too , and proves you easily and quickly that france is in a quite better economic shape than most other countries picking one indicator ( only japan and germany have lower interest rates than france for 10-y bonds , which proves that investor do think that french economy is strong and have less chance to default than even the usa or uk http://www.tradingeconomics.com/bonds ) but in the end it does not means that there are no economic problems in france . 
  i have been unemployed and poor , and the two have different effects . 
  being unemployed sucks , because of self esteem , because of the way you 're looked by the other ( be it pity or disdain ) . 
  being poor sucks , the same way as unemployment do , but you have to deal with the lack of money too . 
  now , i had no family to care for at the time . 
  safety net , culling poverty , means that even unemployed , you know that your children will be fed . 
  i pay a lot in taxes , given my current salary , and expect to pay more soon . 
  as a single young adult , unemploment was the hardest part . 
  but in the end , i do think that poverty is the worst of the two . 
  yes , unemployment can lead to being poorer ( and most of the time does ) , but coming the end of a day , what you eat is the most important part . 
  on the point of productivity , french one is in fact pretty good : http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=level the total hours worked per year is low although . 
  in fact , while i think french economy have strenghts wich will help in the long term , it is possible that on a specific year ( i.e. 
  2013 ) , french economy was not as dynamic as german 's or english 's ( as we won against england saturday and germany would loose against a high school rugby team , i personally do n't care  ) . 
  unemployment ( reported ) is indeed high in france , and still growing . 
  the point is , one criteria is not enough to judge on a country economic health ... and i do n't know how do it really . 
  it indeed does . 
  but i 'm not certain it can be used as an indicator of the economic health of a country . 
  http://www.oecd.org/daf/inv/fdi%20in%20figures.pdf gives the figures for most developed country 2008-2012 in page 2 , a comparison between france and germany is quite interesting . 
  i 'm still looking for it , but i found a few days ago here on reddit a link to a comparison of france and germany foreign investment for the 2000-2012 period , which shows that french beats germany on the long term , although i 'm not certain french economy performed better than german 's on this period . 
  france is clearly not doing well on the unemployment front . 
  is it the only important one ? 
  http://inequalitywatch.eu/spip.php?article99&amp;lang=en should we consider only poverty levels , we could say france is doing better than most of europe . 
  then again , this is just one data and not the only important one : comparison of countries is not easy . 
  i do n't know if it is possible to compare simply two countries . 
  for example , while germany certainly has a lower unemployment rate than france , france has less poor than germany . 
  another example is gdp : while between 2005-2008 french gdp grown less quickly than german 's it was faster berween 200 and 1005 ; and while recession was less dire in france than in germany ( or in the uk ) in 2009 , france recovered slower in 2010-2012 . 
  i would say that france is , unfortunately , the easiest target as the biggest `` old way welfare state '' ( it did not went through the transformations schroeder in germany or thatcher in england made ) . 
  it may not be the right answer , but these attacks exists internally , and french liberal right is the first to take a doomsday stance . 
  the fun thing , in the end , is that once one get past the news , french economy seems stable enough to attract foreign investment , it doesn `` t have to serve high interest on the financial markets ; it will not face the demographic challenge who 'll fall on most of europe ( safe for france , ireland , turkey and maybe gb ) on the long term ( ie 30 to 50 years from now ) ; life expectancy is good ; on the downside , france has a problem with unemployment , problem which may require unpopular policy in the future and decades to rule out ; and france did not perform to adapt quickly enough to the end of protectionism we have known during the last 20 years ; gdp grows , but not as quickly as in some other countries ( and in fact france is far from the bad pupil in this domain http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg/countries/fr-de-gb-nl-es-it-us?display=graph ), 
  nice !, 
  ( although i think we 'll not be sexual beings anymore then , so it may in fact be totally useless . 
  not that i would have a chance of going to most heavens . ), 
  yep , forgot this one ... but then , why is n't dressing not `` un-natural '' ? 
  i still do n't understand how marriage can be seen as natural ... cultural , traditional , yes , but ... natural ? 
  uk 's thirties maybe , but unfortunately french 's 50s, 
  middle school in the 90s , high school in the 2000s , in france . 
  we learned about czech republic in history mainly `` thanks '' to the sudeten . 
  ( military importance , annexion , and french reactions ) . 
  we studied the partition of czechloslovaquia in geography , as a post-berlin wall example of european dynamics ; and had to learn its position and capital-city name . 
  we studied it during economy class in high school as an example of post-communism transitional economy ( along with poland , slovenia and estonia , and opposed to ukraine and belarus if my memory serves me well ) . 
  for applied mathematics , you could search in the euro forum ( www.euro-online.org / : european operational research societies ) . 
  there are mainly phd offers , but not only . 
  when speaking about military power , either locally or worldwide , germany is far behind france or england . 
  you ca n't really compare 2 nuclear power with bases all around the world , with a local power with only a defensive army . 
  i 'm sorry for the `` joke '' , but technically the exocet missile is the only missile whose efficiency have been tested in fight lastly , that 's an advantage , 
  my experience : it is possible to live with 400 $ to 500 $ a month in france ... although not easy . 
  i did it while a student , living in a house with 4 others ( 1000 $ per month shared equally , with 140 $ of family allocations payed for out of 200 $ ) . 
  it was not in paris ( where it is nigh impossible to live with that few ) . 
  not much going out though . 
  and i would have been considered as poor at the time . 
  sharing food , net , electricity and water bills made it possible . 
  a region of france splitting today would probably be catastrophic for the eu . 
  germany would quickly found itself without a counterweight in the eu . 
  let 's them let bavaria turn independant first . 
  the problem of transnistria and of russian-speaking moldovan would have to be solved first . 
  but france and maybe italy would certainly love the idea of a romance-speaking power in eastern europe ; and germany did unify , adding some million europeans ... they just had to accept the euro . 
  in france we love scots . 
  we love them first because they are not english , and second because they despise english . 
  there was a time , we even gave them french nationality . 
  i 'd gladly trade scotland against calais . 
  everyone would be happier . 
  i think so too . 
  one of the challenge of europe today is not to fall in the spanish ( catalonia ) , italian ( northern italy ) en english ( scotland ) situation : that of a region which perceives itself rich , different and oppressed . 
  an article of die spiegel points the fact that the uk , although in a harshest situation than many other eu countries 4-5 years ago , can thanks know today a better situation : the monetary policy of the bank of england is easier to adapt today than the european central bank . 
  should eu accept in the future that the richest countries must support the poorest when it is needed . 
  the aging of population in some countries ( germany , spain , portugal , italy ) may force them in the future to ask for help from poland , romania , ireland , france , and maybe turkey . 
  there are many challenge waiting for eu in the future ; in the past , it performed to reconcile germany , france and italy ( a major success ) , but it failed to build a better integration of military and diplomatic forces ( not a total one , we 're not ready for it yet , and may not be for quite long ) during the yugoslavian war , and i fear it is failing today in dealing with the economic desequilibrium . 
  i upvoted you , because your main point ( the fact that europe is `` young '' ) is a very good one . 
  but i must disagree with the `` money [ ... ] thrown at the poorer nations '' being such a bad thing . 
  yes , money given by the richest countries may have been used more wisely in greece or portugal or even france ( regarding cap ) , but sharing the euro , while in my opinion is one of the best things regarding integration and cooperation between our countries , has dire effects if there is no re-distribution . 
  it is basically the same mechanism that one can see inside a country ( richest regions gaining from poorer regions but redistribution of the wealth through the state ) , but on an other scale . 
  the incapacity of the poorer countries to devaluate their money is a huge boon for germany , benelux , and even france : these countries grew richer thanks to the euro , but this shall not makes other countries poorer . 
  your examples are perfect examples , but not for what you want to show . 
  the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise was created at a time where french was the dominant language and used as a lingua franca ( and it wxas till the early 20th century ) . 
  it is a perfect illustration of the early centralisation effort in the country . 
  the language quotas are issued from a will of keeping a culture in french and not be flooded in american culture . 
  it takes root in the post-ww2 context of american dominance over the western world ( it could be analyzed the same way as the nato-departure ) . 
  the full face veil is quite an uneasy subject , as it has quite a lot of roots in radical islamism fear , but also in quite ancient laws in france which allow a cop to check your identity , whenever he fells like it . 
  france has , and have had since the mid 19th , quite ambivalent relation with its immigrants . 
  immigrants from all over europe ( poland , belgium , then italy , spain , portugal ) came to france , in great numbers , and the same arguments were used against them then as are nowadays ( heck , polish were `` too much catholic '' ... ) . 
  at the same time we invite immigrants ( maybe only the us have been as immigration-hungry as france in the past 2 centuries ) , and fear them for a generation or two ( first generation : you 're a weird hungarian or a black communist ; second you 're president of the country or of the leading party ) . 
  i never said it was succesfull . 
  i just said that on the whole , peace treaties in the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century were rarely `` fair '' , and that versailles was not exceptionally harsh . 
  it was used as a pretext later , as many other such treaties could have been . 
  `` the terms were too harsh '' is ... not really true . 
  a few months before , the treaty of brest-litovsk was signed between russia and central powers : russia was to pay 94 metric ton of gold ( more than twice what was asked by the allies from germany a few months later ) , was to release ukraine ; belarus , poland , lituania , are to come under german control ; kars goes to the ottoman . 
  versailles treaty was harsh , even if one consider that germany wanted a war ( maybe more than france , which wanted a revenge quite much at the time ) and did everything possible to start it.but saying it was too harsh is to overlook every single peace treaty in history . 
  i do agree with you , these experience are different by several degrees . 
  my point was that basically , they share a nature ; that christians , although far from extremism of integrists muslims , and even in one of the most secular ( and some say anti-religious ) country of europe , still try to impose upon their religions upon others ( `` marriage is one man , one woman '' , `` france needs children , not homosexuals '' , ... ) . 
  we must not forget how we dealed with the integrist christians and deal exactly the same way with the integrist muslims . 
  that 's where i disagree , i think there are 3 reason to speak about them : because we must remember 1 ) that they were no better ; 2 ) how we dealed with them and 3 ) that they still can come back ( i said they are gagged , not disapeared ), 
  i do agree with you . 
  my point was that , while i do agree that muslim fundamentalists are the most vocal and active ones in europe these days , we must not forget that every religious fundamentalism tends to act the same . 
  and this is by no way positive , `` other do it '' is just bullshit . 
  what disturbs me the most in this case is that no one seems to have been vocal about it ... 
  i for one would have had quite a lot of fun disturbing this sessions , had it taken place in my university . 
  hehe it happens . 
  and yes , germany has a slightly lower birth rate than italy . 
  french birth rate is near sustainable lastly ( a little higher than 2 child/woman when 2.07 is needed , with a difference between `` immigrants '' and `` natives '' less and less noticeable ) , and english one is near 2 ( but uk fertility rate is near 1.9 , cause wales one is low if i remember well ) .
