  in that case , yes , a politician can be that bad ; and i think the new mayor will do better at managing that commune , even if i do n't share many of his stances , while in theory i shared those of the former mayor . 
  another detail , you should take with precautions the details of the percentages in the article . 
  in maybe 10k out of the 36k communes , the lists are clearly identified as being of a party ; in the other 26k , either there is a single list or there are one `` more or less centre right , we 'll build a new school and paint it blue '' and one `` i think left , we 'll build a new school and paint it pink '' lists . 
  this means that the lists clearly identified as fn earned 7 % , but 7 % of the total , not 7 % of the cities were there are identified parties . 
  yep . 
  it 's funny how easily it is to switch between languages in barcelona , mainly because no one will discard you if you do n't speak their own native language . 
  pretty sure it was a city , i already had a beer in hand each time or so i asked for the nearest railway station . 
  though i could have been being scolded for not drinking the favorite brand of beer of the place ... 
  'm still looking for so called city of aydimbrew . 
  i think it may be a name ion the local idiom , but unfortunately only english names are on maps :'(, 
  they do burn more fuel ( as far as i know , american cars have quite a reputation of thirstyness  ) . 
  and 70 % of french vehicles do certainly not represent more than 15m cars ( which is quite few by us standards ) , but france has an area a little lower than that of texas ... 
  70 % of cars in france runs on diesel ... you may have a lot of pick-up trucks , but i do n't think you have that many , 
  it is frequently used as an insult , but ... the [ google bomb ] ( http://forums.digitalwarfare247.com/topic/33805-did-you-mean-french-military-defeats/ ) a few years agos was funny ( '' - war in indochina lost . 
  french forces plead sickness ; take to bed with the dien bien flu '' ) . 
   there are only a few ( maybe half a dozen ) french towns which do n't have a monument to those who died in 20th century wars . 
  there is exactly 1 commune ( less than 300 inhabitants ) in france which has not had one of his inhabitants killed in a war in the 20th century . 
  ( ca n't find back which one ) . 
  by the way , there are not much more in england , maybe 20 i think ? 
  the italian team is getting better year after year . 
  they were already getting better before joining the 6th nation . 
  a relegation system would not work , for the best team after italy in europe right now is georgia and they would be crushed everytime by any team of the 6th nations . 
  it must be proved that the consent persisted till the death . 
  1 : it is not that unfrequent ( there are up to 50 such marriages per year ) . 
  the requirement are that a clear and constant consent had been expressed by the deceased , and that the marriage was officially planned before the death . 
  2 : it exists since ww1 , and for good reasons ( mainly in order to ensure the acknoledgment of who 's a child 's father ) 3 : the f ______ g d _____ s commenting on the article do understand nothing ( on the original site ) , and did n't even read the article . 
  the journalist wrote the worst title ever . 
  i would say that the difference between russia and france regarding the power of the president is not one of nature , but of degrees . 
  de gaulle is the perfect example of the `` strong man '' in france : he came into power in 58 thanks to a coup , wrote a new constitution extending his powers , and used these powers and more ( with the sac ) . 
  even today , the french president is quite akin to an elected monarch ... they sometimes even have an `` official '' mistress ( which can be seen as nearly traditional in france  ), 
  not really . 
  french president 's power is in fact quite unheard of in many democratic countries . 
  ukrainian , russian and romanian ... 
  i was speaking about transniestra ( which is de facto independant , from romania at least , even if not independant de jure nor financially ) , not about moldova . 
  `` manifestation '' , `` protestation '' and even `` demonstration '' could be understood in french as well ... sometimes i love romance languages :d, 
  even after a translation via google , this article is more similar to a western one that to what one could imagine from a communist country , seen as closed and backward-looking . 
  f ** k , i have to revise yet another prejudgment of mine ... what is needed to hike through transniestra ? 
  i shall add it to my to-visit list :d, 
  i would say they are a relative majority in a de facto tri-lingual country ... 
  can we totally blame them ? 
  languages , even cultures , were quite bashed in our country during the whole 20th century ... basque , alsacian , corsican , breton , all the dialects of occitan , catalan ... once a poetic chant writen in occitan won a nobel price , but nearly nothing is writen in these languages anymore . 
  how would we feel should we today be included in an eu with english as `` official '' language ? 
  as a fervent partisan of the eu ideal , i think that uniting us politically while allowing cultures and languages to thrive is the very objective this union shall pursue ... but only the austro-hungarian empire even attempted it recently , without an incredible success ... and yugoslavia too , but i do n't think a new tito is what europe wishes . 
   for decades , nobody spoke about the ` collaboration ' in france . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89puration_l%c3%a9gale http://www.geolocation.ws/img/018/654/938-f.jpg a 16 years old policeman or train driver in 1945 is 85 years old now . 
  he has retired at least 30 years ago , if he was allowed to keep his job after the war . 
  nothing is all black nor all white . 
  companies worked with the nazis ... either because some people of the company agreed with them , did not care or were frighten enough . 
  my grandfather worked on the atlantic wall : when sabotage by the workers became a problem , the german just had a builder stay inside the bunker in order to have him killed should an `` accident '' happen . 
  we have the right , the duty , to learn about what happened and how it happened . 
  but can we easily judge , today , people and situations ? 
  in some cases , yes ( think hitler , or mengele : these are easy to judge ) ; in others , it 's quite harder . 
  i think they mainly feared an unification with romania , not discrimination in moldova , for it would make them a tiny minority of russian speaking in a romanian speaking country . 
  bhutan or switzerland may be accepted ... but would have the capacity to enforce a decision . 
  my current car is a 94 renault , and still has to have its first electronic problem . 
  guess i got very lucky  ( my parents have had huge problems with one of their renault , i do understand how you feel  ), 
  my first car was a renault and i threw it out at age 27 ( this was the age the car had , not mine ) without having a single electronical problem , which is quite good for a car . 
  but i must confess the only electronic part was the radio ... 
  the charging system works well , but is far from having tesla 's performance ( it can take up to 9h to completely charge a car ... ) . 
  it clearly is the weak spot of this car . 
  [ bluecar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bollor%c3%a9_bluecar ) is a french-italian electric car , which has yet to perform as well as the tesla ( and may never perform that well ) but ... would you really say that european are that `` risk-averse '' ? 
  btw , i just saw that the [ zoe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/renault_zoe ) is now the highest sold electric car in france . 
  renault-nissan is a french-japanees car manufacturer , 
  in france , vincent bollor\u00e9 ( worth around $ 8bn ) is quite a leader on the market . 
  he is on the city-car market ( less than 15k euros , with $ 80/month for batteries rent ) , and is not ( yet ? ), 
  a direct concurrent of tesla . 
  other electric vehicles on sale in france includes models from renault , bmw , psa , and nissan ( as far as i know ) , so the concurrence exists ... and $ 12bn is not that much for a car manufacturer . 
  ( btw , i do wish tesla performs on the market , we do need electric cars much more than oil ones ) . 
  [ welcome in the 19th century french language `` problem '' ] ( http://a396.idata.over-blog.com/2/04/05/75/dialectes_france.jpg ) modern french is issued from the paris-orleans-tours variants of the `` langue d'oil '' , and although its standardization started early , you must remember that only china and india were more populated than france till the french revolution ... which gives a lot of possibilities for languages to co-exist . 
  it may be the reason for a growing industry of electric cars in france . 
  we are n't that mad : yes they paraded , but they were surrounded by every single other european army . 
  it depends on the person , but there are not uncommon either . 
  central france ( southern massif central ) : tripoux ; sheep tripe stuffed with offal and vegetables ; usually eaten with a glass of local red wine and aligot or truffade , at breakfast after a long night ( i.e. 
  a night dancing and drinking ) . 
  a little similar to haggis , but less spiced . 
  you should n't explain how it is done before the foreigner finished his/her plate . 
  yes , exactly . 
  fn votes are not all adhesion votes , but an unspecified percentage of the vote in their favor is originated from a rejection of other parties policy while in power ( unspecified could be 20 % or 80 % , i do n't think i ever saw this phenomenon studied ) . 
  fn have been polled up to 25 % lastly , while ump and ps have around 20 % each ( ump and ps have been the two `` big '' parties since 2002 , when ump was created based on rpr ( right ) and udf ( center right ) parties ) . 
  in the past , fn vote was frequently underestimated by polls , but it do n't seems to happens as much lastly ( since ~ 2002 ), 
   where are you from and how big is the skepticism in your country ? 
  france ; skepticism is significant . 
   what relevant political parties are running in the ep elections in may ? 
  fn ( far right , nationalist ) ; ump ( right , conservative ) ; modem ( center right , liberal ) ; ps-prg ( center left/left , socialist ) ; eelv ( left , green party , regionalist ) ; pg/pc ( far left and communists ) : these will won sieges dr ( a-politic ? 
  ) , dlr ( nationalist , gaulist ) , and force vie ( christian democrat , right , conservative ) : these may gain a siege or two  what are the circumstances in your country , that make people skeptical ? 
  political critics : fn and dlr criticize a loss of national sovereignety ; ump ( sometimes ) and force vie ( always ) criticize the liberal stance on social questions ; dr criticize the whole representative system and ask for a direct democracy ( swiss model ) ; ps-prg ( sometimes ) and pg/pc ( always ) criticise the liberal stance on economic questions ; eelv and modem are fiercely pro-european . 
   what groups of age , wealth etc. 
  tend to be skeptical ? 
  i would say the separation runs over wealth lines ( the richest more pro-eu , the poorest more anti-eu ) ; but this is just my perception at the moment , and i do n't have data regarding this , so you may better disregard this answer . 
   do people want your country to step out of eu or do they just want eu to change some things ? 
  a minority wants to step out ; a majority of eurosceptics just want eu to evolve : fn and dlr are the most vocal on the the topic , and wants to give back to national parliaments powers granted to the eu parliament ; far left mostly wants an elected executive branch and a grezater parliament power over the executive . 
   i 'd love you even more when you can give me relevant links to all the demographic stuff . 
  not exactly what you asked for , and in french , but here is a good resume : http://dspace.library.uu.nl/handle/1874/278848, 
  i do get that france is far from doing as well as its own population would want . 
  i did not deny it . 
  my point is that it is frequently said that france is on the verge of collapse ( it has been said since the 80 's ) , considering one or another indicator . 
  there are problems , france is not able to create jobs as quickly as others when getting out of a crisis ( but loses them slower during said crisis ... wich is the main reason of youth unemployment ) ; the labour cost is high , but there are less employed poor than in other countries ; consumer spending are not growing as quick as in uk or germany , but they did n't plunge as quickly in 2007-08 neither . 
  yes there are problems . 
  the data you gives shows some of them . 
  other exists too : poverty , lack of education or bad quality education in some cities , inequalities , ... that are not acounted for when considering only purely economic factors .
