i can see why a lot of those countries would n't want them . 
  for example poland , riddled with wealth inequality and unemployment , a mass migration of asylum seekers would not be good for them . 
  finland is nordic , but has waayyy much more connection to us than any other nations , and so we still consider them brothers in some way or another . 
  the swedes indirectly supported the finns in the winter war for example . 
  really ? 
  never heard about it much here . 
  some sick banter from spain here , i always wondered why france is developed as well !, 
  i guess i finally found one nation who had something negative to say about norway , and yes , norway is expensive !, 
  prepare for that before you plan on coming to visit . 
  i do n't understand how you found these opinions on other countries , like what question did you put in google ? 
  i am also on a quest to find one nation who will have something negative to say on norway , it 's usually always like `` rich '' or `` oil '' ... 
  i guess we are n't such war mongers . 
  some say the korean war is the forgotten war , i nominate this one instead , though its much further back in the past . 
  `` poor , poor , poor , poor , in bad shape '' ... `` rich '' , 
  eu seems to be continuing to dig their own grave with this crisis . 
  such a statement will only help the anti-eu people who will with no doubt use this for all it 's worth . 
  haha , to be honest , i have no idea what the specific names of ships are , i was mainly just referring to the incident itself . 
  link to the article : http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-36170117, 
  it does appear to happen quite often from the russian side which actually makes this a lot more frightening than if it was just a one-time occurrence . 
  it 's also not considered routine by militaries around the world , and the pentagon actually got quite upset over this incident . 
  migrant workers come anywhere there is work to be had regardless of the eu or not , the eu just makes it easier for companies to get them there legally i would imagine . 
  it may be a common occurrence , which , if you read the article , is also noted * in * the article , but the incident i am referring to is `` the closest one so far of a series of military encounters between russian and us forces since tensions intensified dramatically with moscow 's annexation of crimea in 2014 and its subsequent covert military intervention on the side of separatists in eastern ukraine . '', 
  and is not considered common , or `` good '' conduct when flying over other militaries in international waters . 
  what it is is a clear message of `` we do n't want you here '' , which reminds me a lot of the cold war . 
  the most infuriating part is that russia sees no problem in doing this while also violating other nato or western affiliated countries ' airspaces and the like , and with giving the pentagon a lackluster response to the incident which is a big problem that sadly represents a growing trend in the relations between russia and the us nowadays . 
  edit : the us might do the same thing , but , as i said , that does n't make this something that should be done on both sides . 
  it 's needlessly increasing tensions and could result in accidents if some people misjudge the exercises as attacks . 
  it 's not difficult to see that if this becomes an accepted trend because `` everyone else does it '' will not put a stop to it . 
  it should be condemned regardless of who does it . 
  `` worried by the situation , president vladimir putin ordered the government to ensure uninterrupted gas supplies to eternal flames back in 2014 , but progress appears to be limited . '', 
  maybe this refers to it ? 
  ( says 2014 , but maybe putin planned this to be finished in 2017 ) . 
  a very strange thing to leave out . 
  and to be fair that is a problem and should not happen , but we should resolve this by not meeting them eye to eye , but instead by utilizing the nato-russia council , a cooperative body set up after the cold war . 
  just because one does something bad does n't mean i am going to look away from anyone else doing the same thing to someone else . 
  you can , but it 's generally not a good idea to come within [ 9 metres ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/apr/13/russian-attack-planes-buzz-uss-donald-cook-baltic-sea ) of a ship , * forcing * the soldiers to stop a military exercise just because you * can * do it . 
  this unnecessary showmanship just serves to increase tensions between two countries that should not be antagonizing each other anymore . 
  even though it 's allowed , it 's still inconsistent with the `` professional norms of militaries operating in proximity to each other in international waters and international airspace '' that should be respected . 
  i understand that sentiment and i do n't think there is anything wrong thinking that way . 
  obviously , we are facing issues integrating these people into western ideals without `` forcibly '' assimilating them . 
  it 's a big issue , do you tell them their way of doing things are inferior to our ways or do you accept their behavior expecting their kids to be different ? 
  i do n't really know , but we have done it successfully with people from , for example , the vietnamese diaspora , and i have faith that we can do it with other groups of people as well . 
  the y-dna group l is proto-european , and interestingly enough i think scandinavia and some nations in the balkans are the only nations with a predominant proto-european y-dna group in continental europe . 
  many sources disagree on norway specifically though , some say we 're more r1b , others say we 're more l1 . 
  why does n't the russian military care about airspace of other nations ? 
  was n't there an incident where the russians flew like right over some american battleships in the ~ ~ black sea ~ ~ baltic sea * ? 
  sounds like they are trying to send a message , like `` stay out nato '' . 
  scary . 
  first off , it 's the norwegians who kills whales , second `` not cold '' ? 
  what ? 
  come to finnmark in january . 
  though granted , people usually ignore norway , so i can understand why that would be the biggest question . 
  still sort of strange , haha . 
  damn , you got a novel there , you should write it !, 
  eeh , even if we were the ones who found greenland first , i dont think there would be much support from the international community if we seized greenland for ourselves , haha . 
  a bit of a confusing sentence , but when i said `` other forms of public transport '' i meant other forms than trains . 
  eh , a nordic union does n't really seem possible imo , you could n't get finland to join in a federalized union like that , at best they would just join in some capacity but retain their independence from us . 
  also i dont think sweden or denmark would agree to such an union without being equal partners in the union , unless we just go in there and conquer them , which wont happen . 
  i know it is n't . 
  haha , fine , if norway was under denmark * longer * , then maybe they would 've found the oil in the north sea before we did . 
  happy now ? 
  because people moving into big cities , maybe ? 
  also the rise of the automobile and other forms of public transport ? 
  talking about irish railroads remind me of a great irish folk tune : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8kevh0fzs0, 
  considering how long we were under denmark , yes it is . 
  i tend to get a wrong perspective of time when i study history , so to me 100 or so years are n't that much . 
  i was just teasing a bit , though since i know certain danes who are adamant about claiming ownership of the entirety of the north sea nowadays . 
  to think if we were under denmark just a little while longer , maybe denmark would 've found the oil in the north sea , haha . 
  it helps driving on the right, 
  i would n't say that definitely either . 
  russia is a strange beast , i think it 's overall more culturally european but , then again , it 's a federation of different nations that becomes more `` asian '' ( as in culture ) the further east you go of the volga . 
  same way you ca n't say that the us is `` european '' in culture , because while it shares most of it 's cultural traits with europe , it 's still a melting pot of other cultures . 
  most russian people and their culture are in europe though . 
  russia is culturally european and it 's capital is in europe . 
  cat and alligator pupils dont bother me that much , round obviously dont either , but the horse/goat eyes are just freaky for some reason . 
  it 's just kind of creepy , like you expect like most animals that they will have round pupils , but then they do n't . 
  some weird primal paranoia i guess . 
  their eyes freak me out, 
  take that denmark and sweden !, 
  / s in all seriousness though . 
  i love our constitution day . 
  always nice to see kids excited marching up and down the streets . 
  you 've come a long way from the pea soup fog times . 
  my country changed to protestant during those days ( i think ? 
  ) , and i never heard anything about it in school . 
  strange . 
  i just had shit teachers i guess , or i am remembering wrong . 
  asking anyone i know or on my friends ' list on fb about it yields confused responses . 
  i am talking about the greek bailout referendum where 61 % of people voted no and were snubbed . 
  at least syriza gave your people a vote , your conservatives would not even have given you a vote , believe me . 
  the fact is , our democracy here is not going to help you or anyone , and telling people to just `` vote better '' is not going to help either . 
  if we 're going to change anything it has been proven we ca n't rely on the system to help us * that * much , organize and protest , that is the answer . 
  you mean the same incompetent and corrupt shitbags whom used to be in the corrupt communist states becoming oligarchs ? 
  i long for the day when putin and his ideology is dead , and someone in russia begins aligning the country to the west . 
  i feel a great sadness when i see the russians antagonize us again , even in a world without a berlin wall . 
  feels kind of cold ... 
  yeah . 
  like when you guys tried to vote in someone who would say no to paying back the greek debts . 
  how did that work out for you ? 
  our democracies are flawed and sometimes the right of the people is undermined which is sad , but do n't think this would be possible if the people just `` voted better '' .
