  if you do n't have any proof besides your feelings you should n't conclude it 's an islamic terrorist attack . 
  why would i thank you ? 
  if you 're right it 's not because of your incredible insight . 
  how you somehow seem to take pride in assuming it 's muslims without any evidence is naive beyond belief . 
   not only was it terrorism , but it was muslim terrorists . 
    two suspects arrested , wait to see how long it takes the media to release their distinctive names , then watch as the media refuses to acknowledge that the attackers are muslim . 
    i guarantee they are muslim , and when you do n't even need evidence to know that you have a massive problem . 
  the justice department says that there is no indication this was a terrorist attack but i 'm glad to see we have a better informed redditor in our mids that does n't need evidence . 
  why even generalize the left because some people said it 's okay to censor on fb ? 
  most people probably do n't even know about that . 
  just because you read some stories does n't make it a consensus . 
  glad to see we still have civilised people in europe / s, 
  yeah it was abolished 1 april 2015 . 
  what kind of strain are you referring to ? 
  they also do n't want it because pvv hardly has any competent politicians . 
   you can not enforce this if you allow to people wear a burqa . 
  do you want to ask the women if they are being forced ? 
  or ask their husbands ? 
  the answer you 'll get will always be `` no '' . 
  that is not the only way to find out something like that . 
  this is a widespread problem that is also not exclusive to muslim women at all . 
  good luck with , for example , outreach programs for those women if they 're locked up inside . 
   no , that 's not in my interest . 
  but it 's also not something that i have to solve . 
  it 's a very personal problem of a woman married to an asshole . 
  that happens quite often , even in western societies . 
  it 's sad , but we ca n't do anything against it . 
  we can ban the symbol of oppression of women though . 
  and i hope we 're doing it . 
  what , so it 's her own problem ? 
  but at the same time you want to ban the burqa to help them ? 
  i highly doubt that 's your real motivation then . 
  like i said , the banning of that symbol wo n't help these women at all . 
  it 's already illegal to force someone to wear something , a burqa ban is n't what is needed . 
  what actually is needed is better protection for women that are forced to wear those burqas . 
  the only thing that will change for the women forced to wear burqas is that their husbands wo n't allow them to go outside any more , which is in no ones interest . 
  sure but that 's certainly not the reason why people are against burqas . 
  i see you want to go back a few centuries and ban religions again . 
  it 's very ironic you have such a anti western view and you probably do n't even realize it . 
  if anything it gets women to swim . 
  he is actually one of `` those people '' himself . 
  but i guess you know the muslims a lot better than he does . 
  you only had to read the article for your answer . 
  yes also the borders . 
  also a car probably polutes more as it 's less efficient and has worse filters . 
  because if something important is happening the eu should drop all its work ? 
  it 's not like this needs a lot of resources . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  yeah that 's totally what i said . 
   which reminds me of your bullshit claim   in germany over 90 % is denied asylum . 
    ( the truth is that 70 % of the cases processed got asylum in december 2015 according to the bundesamt f\u00fcr migration und fl\u00fcchtlinge , so i 'd like to see your source ) source is eurostat : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:distribution_of_final_decisions_on_ ( non-eu ) _ asylum_applications , _ 2015 _ ( % c2 % b9 ) _ ( % 25 ) _ yb16.png furthermore , i never claimed that enough refugees are deported at the moment . 
  it 's in no ones interest to keep these people here . 
  also your numbers are a bit misleading . 
  firstly , you 're comparing all incoming people with the deported ones . 
  people with asylum obviously will not get out of the country . 
  also note that it is n't so easy to just deport someone . 
  if you get denied asylum , you can still fight this and even after that it still is n't so easy to deport someone , like i said in the previous comment . 
  it 's not always possible to do that at the moment . 
  but keep in mind that this has happened in the past and that there also is the political will and legal framework to deport those that were denied asylum . 
  but like [ this ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-states-speed-up-refugee-deportations-under-federal-pressure/a-19305415 ) article says , it 's not as easy as just put someone on a plane back to their own country . 
   `` it does n't just mean taking a refugee and putting them on a chartered plane , '' she said . 
  `` if they are sick , then you have to make sure that there will be treatment in the country of origin . '', 
    `` i can imagine it 's very difficult for the states , '' she added . 
  `` they have to guarantee that everything will be processed properly . 
  so if suddenly there have to be so and so many deportations , that ca n't be lawful - that ca n't be sensible . 
  that 's worrying for us . '', 
  you say they just take anyone , that claim is quite dubious though . 
  in germany over 90 % is denied asylum . 
  sure , the population growth is a huge problem . 
  but as it is now meat consumption already causes too much trouble . 
  with all those billions more , this problem will become even larger . 
   or you know , we could just put a lid on global population growth . 
  sure that 's a good idea to do . 
  but there is hardly any political will to do that , especially in the countries with a large growth . 
  it wo n't happen , at least not before it is way too late . 
  so other solutions are needed . 
  i highly doubt they would impose new taxes to create new government jobs . 
  that just makes no sense . 
  there are a lot better ways to do that and even worse , this would hardly make new jobs in the first place . 
  what i disagree with is the effect of curbing antibotics use will have , not using less antibiotics . 
  it will still have to be used any way . 
  that there will be smaller pens etc. 
  is very speculative and has not happened at all even though antibiotics are being used a lot less nowadays . 
  for example , in the netherlands the use of antibiotics fell by 40 % between 2007 and 2012 , do we produce less meat ? 
  not at all . 
  even though i agree with antibiotics being bad , what you 're saying is quite dubious . 
  antibiotics are being used a lot less than years/decades ago but people are still buying way too much meat . 
  it is not allowed to use them for growth in the eu since 2006 . 
  totally abolishing antibiotics is unrealistic and wo n't happen . 
  having your life stock decimate because of some disease spreading rampantly is not pretty . 
  not for the farmer or the animals but also not for general health . 
  in fact i highly doubt it would be viable to produce meat at an acceptable rate at all . 
  basically no one would be able to buy meat any more , clearly this is something the large majority of people is against . 
  this is more about the environment than animal rights . 
  eating less meat would be a great help in battling global warming . 
  i highly doubt the latter is the intention . 
  this is not proposed because meat in itself is bad , but because of the implications it has on the environment . 
  that does n't have to hold for meat from the lab . 
  thanks . 
  it 's interesting to see that norway manages to deport quite a few to iraq and syria ( last link ) .
