   or you could actually solve a real problem , which is n't that meat is n't `` taxed '' enough , it 's that its subsidized in so many indirect ways its actually killing people . 
  do you mean you want to get rid of the subsidies ? 
  because then you clearly did not read the article :  `` we think it 's better to price meats earlier in the chain , it 's easier . 
  it 's sexier to tax it at the consumer level , but not as effective , '' said hajer , a member of the international resource panel ( irp ) , which comprises 34 top scientists and 30 governments . 
  if we stop giving animals antibiotics , that would not change the fact that they are a huge strain they are on the environment . 
   though we do have robberies , and it has become worse over the years . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  in most developed countries crime has been plummeting for years . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  who needs knowledge on laws when you have feelings ? 
  does n't matter what brussels says . 
  it has to be ratified by every member state and the european parliament . 
  i never said that . 
  also described above is a bit more than just not completely abiding all rules . 
   [ f ] ar from being religious zealots , a large number of those involved in terrorism do not practise their faith regularly . 
  many lack religious literacy and could actually be regarded as religious novices . 
  very few have been brought up in strongly religious households , and there is a higher than average proportion of converts . 
  some are involved in drug-taking , drinking alcohol and visiting prostitutes . 
  mi5 says there is evidence that a well-established religious identity actually protects against violent radicalisation . 
  --  the large majority of french jihadists are second-generation muslims who , unlike their parents , speak french , grew up with little to no contact with mosques or muslim organizations , and before their conversions drank , took drugs , and had girlfriends . 
  they are estranged from their parents and do n't know where to fit in . 
  or they are recent converts , largely from rural areas and many from divorced families . 
  why is that , roy asks ? 
  if islam or social conditions are essentially to blame for breeding terrorism , why do such structural problems affect only this very narrowly defined group ? 
  why does it not attract first - or third-generation french muslims , or those whose islamic culture is the deepest ? 
  and why does its appeal extend to children of the successful middle class ? 
  his answer : jihadism is a nihilistic generational revolt , not a religiously inspired utopianism . 
  many terrorists in the west do n't even go to the mosque or really practice islam . 
  it 's quite bizarre . 
  i do n't believe it 's as black as white as you say and calling things ` factually incorrect ' in a somewhat subjective field like economics only makes me doubt your expertise . 
  i am only following reddiquette by upvoting posts i think contribute . 
  fact checking every comment is not doable , so if it 's as factually incorrect as you say it is , someone should/will call that person out , which should also be upvoted . 
  that only enhances the discussion and is actually beneficiary to all . 
  reading multiple points of view is better than only the one that the subreddit you 're on agrees is right . 
  thanks . 
  about your more important question , the reason i asked is because i am not familiar with argentine 's economic history whatsoever . 
  so when i see some snarky comment on how stupid another comment is without any explanation than that 's a pretty useless comment . 
  i do n't see what 's so wrong about upvoting that other post as it contributes to the discussion even though it may be wrong . 
  the same could not have been said about your previous comment . 
  if you know better , why do n't you enlighten us ? 
  as if it 's the whole community 's fault . 
  ironically it is exactly this kind of thinking that fuels anti-west sentiment and by extension terrorist attacks . 
  like you and me are responsible for the invasion of iraq/afghanistan/libya and all other fuck ups by western militaries . 
  yeah that 's very likely . 
  but i 'd rather see some actual arguments for it . 
  wait , because you do n't share their views on those issues you think they are corrupt/have dirty laundry ? 
  not everyone thinks corporations and rich people are evil . 
  ** the netherlands ** * europride is in amsterdam this year , it will last to 7th of august with most events in the last weekend . 
  * after the ftc gave permission ahold ( dutch ) and delhaize ( belgian ) will merge . 
  the new company ahold delhaize will have its hq in the netherlands . 
  * the 100st edition of de nijmeegse vierdaagse was this week . 
  for four days people walked 30 , 40 , 50 or 55 km a day . 
  due to the heat many people had problems/fainted . 
  * the netherlands will pull back all its helicopters from mali . 
  it involves 4 apache helicopters and ( i think ) 3 chinooks . 
  who are those people ? 
  because they certainly are not in this thread . 
  morally up there with terrorists i see . 
  `` kill the families of terrorists . 
  '' , that 's just insane . 
  a stable country that was already in civil war at time of intervention . 
  i 'm not saying that it was a good idea to invade but it 's not the fault of just nato that libya 's screwed up . 
  i agree with what you 're saying . 
  it is very hard to qualify what makes something a better newspaper . 
  but to me it seems like the guardian is dismissed way to easily on this subreddit . 
  and i feel like that 's because it 's on the left ( not even that far , wikipedia lists it as center-left ) and the op-eds sometimes posted here . 
  what has the view people have of the readers have to do with anything ? 
  if there is a bad way to judge a newspapers , it 's by considering the * view * you have of their readers . 
  same with the financial situation , that 's irrelevant . 
  the guardian has been very involved in some very important stories recently like the snowden stuff and the panama papers . 
  the same can not be said for the mail for example . 
  not just according to me , they win a lot of rewards and are generally well respected which absolutely is not the case for the daily mail , very far from it . 
  there is a reason why the guardian got to break stories like prism . 
  most of those pieces are either from the opinion section or sometimes even columns . 
  if we only include those i could just as well frame it to be right wing . 
  also it 's not a good idea to judge because of the links posted here , because it has a lot more to offer than that . 
  like i said , they have a lot of renown journalists that do make excellent content . 
  the guardian is much more to the center than you 're saying . 
  do you even read it ? 
  sure they are biased but in no way comparable to the daily mail . 
  also even though they have a bias , their articles are n't completely made up like in the daily mail . 
  the guardian has loads of great journalists . 
  by most standards it is a good or even a great newspaper . 
  the same can definitely not be said about the daily mail . 
  nobody is debating the guardian is left-wing . 
  every newspaper has its bias , but saying the guardian is exactly like the sun but on the other side of the political spectrum is just nonsense . 
  i ca n't believe you 're serious . 
  the guardian is a lot more respected newspaper than the sun . 
  but maybe you ca n't see that because the guardian does n't fit your narrative . 
   if you dont identify yourself as a french citizen first , you dont belong in france . 
  well it would be great if we could make everyone in france feel french . 
  but there is no way this will ever be enforced . 
  it 's impossible to do this without destroying your freedoms . 
  sure . 
  but a lot of people also feel that there is n't enough attention for rape . 
  so they start an awareness campaign . 
  in this case using bracelets . 
  nobody is debating that . 
  raising awareness is about making people care . 
  is that why this is the second most upvoted comment ?
