  i do care about segregation though . 
  but not about the actual number of muslims . 
  the neighborhood i talk about is actually quite segregated , but i do n't see why people see this as such a dangerous place . 
  it really is n't . 
  i never encounter any of those stories i read online , even though i am white . 
  there are definitely great concerns . 
  there is a lot of poverty and people struggle to climb out of it . 
  i might , but they 'll never get any of those things done . 
  even if every muslim was so radical , there are n't even enough of them to make such a difference in parliament . 
  also there is always still the constitution , which they would never be able to amend . 
  even though his anecdotes do n't prove anything , selectively picking neighborhoods and age ranges actually is a very valid concern . 
  i have n't seen any problems on those fronts at all really . 
  i have lived here for about five years and never seen any problems with stuff like that and neither have friends of mine that are gay . 
  that 's why i do n't see what the fuss is about . 
  they might disagree with homosexuality , but if they do n't act on it , i do n't care that much even though i disagree strongly . 
  is n't that one of those ` european values ' you so strongly value ? 
  they can think whatever they want as long as they follow the law . 
  i personally would n't care either way . 
  i live in a neighborhood were the majority probably is muslim ( there is also a mosque a few hundred meters from my house ) , but i honestly do n't see what the fuss is about . 
  that 's just pure speculation . 
  they would be here if the borders were closed as well . 
  most islamic terrorism is n't from recent immigration , but from people that were born and raised in europe . 
  why is that true ? 
  because the us and germany trade a lot and because germany is in nato ? 
  that 's not exactly a convincing argument . 
  why are they oversold ? 
  but the times wrote about it yesterday , not last month . 
  there was also [ another submission ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/48wka1/spain_seizes_20000_military_uniforms_bound_for/ ) with about 110 upvotes . 
  not quite sure who says that about the netherlands because it 's definitely not the eu . 
  not quite sure what point you 're trying to make ? 
  nearly everybody realizes this , including the people that want the ban . 
  those nazi symbols are n't banned just because people find them offensive . 
  it 's about spreading hate . 
  i understand that there is some overlap between those things but the motivation for those laws certainly is n't that nobody should be offended . 
  what do you mean with the dutch approach ? 
  well when you do n't get asylum in the netherlands you will be sent back to somalia if you 're from the north , not if you 're from the south because it 's controlled by al-shabaab . 
  if you 're from any of the other countries you mentioned you will be sent back . 
  ( https://www.dienstterugkeerenvertrek.nl/lavin/somalie/index.aspx ) you 're probably not aware of this but even on the left side of politics there is very little will to keep these people here . 
  well there is [ this ] ( www.amsterdam.nl/publish/pages/396761/schoneschijn.pdf ) report by the dutch police which actually shows the opposite . 
  the percentage of women working in the sex industry against their will was between 50-90 % . 
  i could n't find any data on that . 
  you can do them if you get consent in writing . 
  otherwise you can try and get a court order . 
  no i did n't notice any real campaigning at all . 
  in fact most parties said they would n't campaign . 
  i only saw two guys from d66 at the albert heijn and they did n't claim it 's just a trade agreement . 
  in fact , they mostly mention making ukraine more stable and making it more european . 
  which is hardly surprising for d66 . 
  well there was n't really an obnoxious group like geenpeil on the other side . 
  i only saw d66 and some youtube ad made by ukrainians . 
  article 19 is about traveling through the eu , you can read about the mentioned action plan [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/international-affairs/eastern-partnership/visa-liberalisation-moldova-ukraine-and-georgia/index_en.htm ) . 
  article 18 means nothing if the netherlands does n't want ukrainian workers , that 's up to us . 
  when romania and bulgaria joined the eu it still took 7 years before they were allowed to work here in the netherlands . 
  article 19 says nothing about working in the eu . 
  article 18 mentions only existing treaties , which the netherlands does n't have with ukraine . 
  which is absurd considering they ca n't work in the eu when this agreement is signed . 
  they can just travel for 90 days without visa . 
  the frontman of the movement was sentenced to two years in jail because of inciting violence against non-moslims . 
  the movement itself was designated as a terrorist organisation and the frontman actually got another 12 years in jail . 
  why is that understandable ? 
  how do we know they do n't use rt 's information ? 
  de morgen refers to het laatste nieuws , and they do n't cite any sources at all . 
  the * gastarbeiders * were given the right by the dutch government to stay in the netherlands and bring their families after two years . 
  this is n't this case with the current refugees . 
  yep , that 's right . 
   the 1993 world trade center attack involved 12 men , all of whom had a college education . 
  the 9/11 pilots , as well as the secondary planners identified by the 9/11 commission , all attended western universities , a prestigious and elite endeavor for anyone from the middle east . 
  indeed , the lead 9/11 pilot , mohamed atta , had a degree from a german university in , of all things , urban preservation , while the operational planner of 9/11 , khalid sheikh mohammed , studied engineering in north carolina . 
  we also found that two-thirds of the 25 hijackers and planners involved in 9/11 had attended college . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/14/opinion/the-madrassa-myth.html?_r=0 ), 
  if it were the * sole * reason , which basically nobody believes anway . 
  sorry i misread . 
  but honestly , there are n't that many bosnians left . 
  most had their permits revoked and most of them left voluntarily whereas other were forced to leave . 
  surely it does n't magically happen , but there is quite some political will to send them back once the war is over from both the left and right political parties . 
  this seems to be hard to comprehend for some people , but wanting to take refugees in and keeping them here for eternity and let them leech are very different . 
  and surely nobody wants the latter . 
  most of the bosnian refugees were deported from germany . 
  in the year 2000 germany had only 37k bosnians left of the 350k that got refugee . 
  also , i highly doubt you actually have a problem with bosnian refugees . 
  over here in the netherlands they are generally very well integrated into society . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3ae6b81d5b.html ), 
  right . 
  who would n't want to waste years of their lives in refugee camps ? 
  the civil war in syria has been going on for five years now . 
  just because they want to live in europe does n't directly mean that they want to just live from benefits . 
  it certainly is inhumane now to deport someone to syria . 
  that does n't mean it will be in the future . 
  if they do n't have a permanent residency or citizenship , there is perfect legal basis to deport them in the future . 
  you do n't need to give them permanent residency or citizenship . 
  this is from the global terrorism index 2015 . 
  i believe the most recent data they use is from 2014 . 
  like you said , just feels unsafe . 
  does n't mean it 's actually dangerous . 
  dutch media reports the suspect is on the run . 
  why is the swedish growth so high ? 
  their growth compared to last year is actually the highest of the eu at 4.5 % . 
  that was impossible due to legal reasons which this deal would resolve . 
  nothing magic about it . 
  if you would n't be surprised by that you have a very skewed worldview .
