  ** sad **, 
  it will ruin the powder kegs packed under parliament . 
  even for `` russian '' estonians ? 
  ** and malta and cyprus, 
  you 've got my vote !, 
  i knew it was ` mad men ' just from the thumbnail , 
  ... for a thousand years . 
  now if we could attach the corpse to an electric generator . 
  like star wars and the roman empire . 
  they have the ability to go into orbit !!, 
  yeah that 's how i see it too - for consistency . 
  it 's as much a part of france as alaska/hawaii are a part of usa . 
  most of russia is on the asian landmass , but a large part of it 's population is in the european continent . 
  i think it 's accurate to shade it as europe if the entirety of russia is shaded that way , for consistency . 
  he was just talking shit . 
  screw that guy . 
  and russia is back in your territory right now :(, 
  that was perfect !, 
  well if that was their reason for voting that way they are morons and deserve what they get threefold . 
  hear , hear !, 
  they made their bed , now they can lie in it . 
  yeah , can any latvians or op explain that one ... ? 
  he 's ready to attack serbia in the back , nice and accurate because they wo n't expect it because of their peaceful separation  my favourite bit is turkey 's kebab for a weapon . 
  is there a reason for the hammer ? 
  * those people * probably live in the two holland provinces , 
  andy murray ... , 
  what 's the `` left/right '' in the bottom left map about ? 
  its a nice educational piece !, 
  yeah , get on with it already !, 
  the blue part of northern ireland should stay in the uk , the yellow part should rejoin ireland !, 
  yeah no doubt she turned the stagnated economy from the end of the 70 's around , and increased the prosperity of the uk for the majority of the people , but there were some nasty effects to her policies for many people too . 
  true it is . 
  only slightly though , probably second most unequal along with portugal . 
  finland seem to be the best in all of these european graphs !, 
  from ww2 to the 70s there was a lot of economic success and the wage inequality was at its lowest during this period in history i think , so it 's not impossible , but difficult . 
  the economy stagnated during the 70s though and led to thatcher coming to power and a resurgence in the economy but with increased inequality . 
  thatcher was right in that it 's better if everyone is wealthier if unequally so , but it 's not good for anyone if that inequality becomes too extreme as it will lead to resentment and turmoil if left unchecked . 
  i 'm surprised ireland is so high . 
  it was better for a while after ww2 , until thatcher arrived as pm . 
  northern ireland is worse again i think !, 
  being last in this category is something to be proud of . 
  cats are selfish assholes , well done slovakia !, 
  i 'm glad ireland has a similar low number . 
  yeah if russia is so concerned about locals views , they should have allowed chechnya to secede ... and we all know their response to that declaration !, 
  i did n't say it was . 
  calling english a foreign language is a bit of a stretch though . 
  historically , yes , but now it is the language spoken by the majority of people from birth , and it is an official language in the constitution . 
  turkey is no longer a member ... ? 
  it is n't widely spoken in this country , and * most * people have to learn it in school ( badly ) . 
  im guessing for southern states spanish is pretty much the universal choice . 
  would people in northern states go for something else maybe though ? 
  * maybe * french might be useful for some people in upper new england because of quebec ? 
  accurate for ireland too !, 
  we feel your pain in ireland . 
  ( irish & english are treated as native languages ), 
   ph \u2019n glui mglw \u2019n afh cthulhu r\u2019lyeh wgah \u2019n agl fhtagn heeeeeey , that is n't danish . 
  no joy in google translate either so i do n't know what the hell that is !, 
  reliving the glory days of the empire , 
   also , latin and ancient greek that just seems like such a waste , when you are surrounded by countries that speak other languages ... 
  it looks like they do n't count those in the numbers . 
  what ? 
  for clueless english speaker please , 
  ditto for ireland , 
  eh i did 6 years of french , but my ability to speak the language now would be pretty bad ... 
  if you do n't use it regularly afterwards it is pretty much a waste . 
  i really should have gone to stay in a french speaking country at some stage , the only way to learn properly imo is to get the basics and be forced to use the language with native speakers . 
  really ... it seems strange that those would be mandatory as opposed to something more useful like french/german . 
  you guys have a nice * friendly * rivalry going on , 
  yeah i * think * it is a requirement to get into some irish universities . 
  how many of them do you know now ? 
  yeah because it 's kind of viewed as the native language , the focus on poems and other literature is ridiculous . 
  they should separate that entirely . 
  if fluent speakers want an additional challenge , they could have an `` advanced '' subject where poetry and other literature themes are examined . 
  for the purpose of learning the language they are an unwelcome distraction . 
  the spoken irish part of the test is also laughable , with predictable questions and pre scripted answers that the teacher helped me to prepare with . 
  it 's kind of cool how [ martin van buren ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martin_van_buren ) was the only us president that did n't speak english as his native language . 
  the absence of land borders , where people are living close to another country is probably another factor . 
  in places like luxembourg it is probably very important to know french , german ~ ~ and dutch ~ ~ , because where they live is surrounded by people speaking those languages . 
  the uk and ireland do n't have that factor encouraging foreign languages . 
  how common is german . 
  dutch and french are the predominant languages in the two main regions ? 
  seems to be student apartments . 
  maybe the prices for that are regulated in brussels or something like that . 
  it 's madness !, 
  i 've previously heard of some people commuting from as far away as places like longford and athlone . 
  more of that perhaps . 
  cool , the jumps in rent are ridiculous , 25 % ffs !, 
  some people wonder why no-one had any sympathy for landlords when rent prices collapsed a few years ago . 
  this is why !, 
  is porto more expensive than lisbon ? 
  is it bigger than 25 square meters at least ? 
  well erdogan 's opinion ` has no value ' . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  the majority of people voted for erdogan . 
  that is how they want their country run , fine but that is not compatible with eu membership . 
  the majority of the people voted in erdogan . 
  * that * is the problem . 
  ha ha , those pesky turks are better in one way than the pesky brits at least , 
  well those religious nuts in northern ireland came from scotland and england and were sponsored by your monarch at the time . 
  ... and cyprus & malta .
