  in fact , british pilots had a better recovery rate than their opponents . 
  for example , unsurprisingly enough , if you got shot down over britain you 're not stuck in foreign soil . 
  britain ( and later the us ) also implemented a different system to the axis in regards to experienced pilots where new ones were trained by aces ( by contrast , axis aces were generally kept in constant service : great for propaganda via legendary air scores , but worse for replacing losses with suitable new pilots ) . 
  here 's a neat documentary on how close each side was to ` winning ' the bob . 
  i recommend that you watch it if you are interested in learning more on the subject ( most details on the subject of losses are about 38 minutes in ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=td8bf6xgb_y also worth noting that i would have been hesitant to give the kriegsmarine surface vessels good chances against the royal navy en-masse ( exactly why gaining air dominance was so vital in the first place ) . 
  their ability to sneak attack merchant shipping was n't the only good reason that they kept to u-boats whereas the rn arguably possessed surface dominance throughout . 
  further on , by the time of d-day , british vessels comprised the majority of the mass of ships spanning the horizon . 
  was n't there the news making the rounds recently about the polls demonstrating that eu support is increasing in the uk ? 
  the non do n't know/care votes now exceeding those in favour of an eu exit even ? 
  either way , i do n't think saying the ` vast majority ' dislikes/detests is accurate at all as there is a far more significant split in opinion than that . 
  on top of that , very strong opinions on the matter are - from my experience - far rarer than you make it sound . 
  well one of my guesses is that canada and america had timber , fur , new world goods and ` unclaimed ' land . 
  north africa had sand , harder-to-conquer muslim states and barbary pirates ... 
  this depends - is this the same measure of violent crime across the board ? 
  because as far as i know uk rates and records violent crime for milder cases than , say , the us ( and this inflates the statistic for comparative purposes ) , but i 'm not sure about how it is rated compared to other european countries . 
  did you hear that , lavajackal1 ? 
  you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  tourists to portugal commit murders or people in southern portugal likes to murder tourists ? 
  because i was thinking that i could really go for one of those relaxing murder-spree vacations you hear so much about right now and i want to be sure that it is n't me . 
  b-b-but muh prizes per capita, 
  but considering that cheddar is the village/area in england where the first cheese originated , being able to buy english made tillamook cheese would n't be that much of a different concept . 
  i think he 's trying to get at the fact that if it happened then knowing that your tillamook cheese bought in europe came from tillamook or was true to the real deal would be more likely . 
  cheddar is somewhat of a bad example though due to its long history since of being made in all kinds of places since ( whether true to the original or not ) . 
  never seen it in the uk to be fair , but i guess you could be right . 
  however it 's worth noting that uk cheddar ( including the original ) tastes quite different to us cheddar from my experience . 
  on that note , uk cheddar usually is n't dyed orange like most people in the us expect it to be - that people think cheddar = orange was a fun fact that i was n't expecting since studying here . 
  in the most simplest terms , if i owned/had a stake in a major company - even one that did n't have assets seized - why would i trust to do business in russia after an action like this ? 
  i 'd get out of there as soon as i could . 
  mini-roundabouts are can be common in the uk , in addition to the larger ones . 
  [ does it look anything like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.sabre-roads.org.uk/wiki/images/a/a9/tiny_mini_roundabout_1_%28perth%29_-_coppermine_-_4701.jpg ) i 've seen people partially cut the white central ` bump ' on some of the smallest ones before if they 're going straight ahead , but the important thing is that everybody treats it with the same traffic rules as a regular roundabout when pulling out and so on . 
  you have a good message , but just in case you misunderstood it , the leaflet is satire . 
  i was aware of the reputation , but it really puts some perspective on it : after just +1 m , oh netherlands ... 
  makes a nice change from people purposefully choosing the prettiest photos , or so i suspect . 
  what british alcohol have you tried ? 
  there 's actually some amazing uk ciders , ales and craft beer is really starting to take off as well . 
  bear in mind i love other european beers too , especially the belgian , german and czech lagers , trappist and wheat beers that i 've experienced . 
  clearly they just have to wait 50 years for cores and hire a diplomat advisor to lower their infamy . 
  your moon analogy is far too simple . 
  it 's not like the situation today evolved from them turning up overnight . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but using your example would n't it be more like : the usa lands on the moon and plants a flag . 
  unaware of this , china lands on another part of the moon close after and plants a flag and the two send expeditions to the moon . 
  eventually the usa sells the rights to these expeditions near their flag to the eu and they replace the us flag with theirs . 
  eventually , the eu splits up leaving fully separate nations and a single one nation claims the rights to the moon is also theirs . 
  they also attempt to cross over and remove the chinese flag from the other side . 
  in response the chinese send a more permanent expedition back . 
  eventually the former eu nation gives up on the moon . 
  hundreds of years later ( and many generations ) there are descendents of the chinese living there . 
  the former eu nation suddenly starts bringing up the fact that the entire moon is theirs again , and send an invasion . 
  for the rest , you get the idea . 
  i was thinking this . 
  i 've heard friends discussing it and i think they said that the event was hosted by the islamic education and research academy . 
  for some reason the article does n't seem to mention much of this and just stresses ` ucl ' in general instead . 
  at my school in hertfordshire we did 3 years german and 2 years french ( year 7-9/8 -9 ) and then could choose either french or german if we wanted to continue for gcse and could choose again for a-level ( although in my experience while a good number in our year selected a language for gcse very few chose to do a language class for a-levels ) . 
  that explains why they left - they were kicked out for being too talkative to strangers on public transport here . 
  i think it would be unfair to say that the uk had minimal influence on the rise of english as a global language , same as it would be stupid to claim that the us is n't responsible . 
  uk would have had more impact on spreading it through the empire , their colonies and across certain world regions ( including the us itself ) , particularly in the late 19th century , but the rise of the us and late 20th century cultural output has been the more significant driver in spreading it to other parts of europe in the last century for example . 
   what reasons did britain have to go to war in iraq ? 
  tell me one . 
  fairly sure that bp and royal dutch shell are two examples that lobbied quite aggressively for an invasion that would result in a west-friendly government stance relating to oil . 
  i know that the stereotype is a us hungry to oil , but you seem to not be aware that there are uk based and uk incorporated companies that would profit from the war . 
  you also say ` over and over again ' for emphasis but mostly focus on just one war - iraq . 
  do n't use deceptive terms for emphasis without backing them up . 
  american english is a set of dialects of english . 
  they 're not different languages - english alone is the language . 
  does korean not have different dialects or something ? 
  in some cases they 're simply misinformed , and the companies obviously do n't mind ( or even play it up ) to help their domestic image . 
  in others , like with some subsidiaries , the parent company really does play a minimal role and it would be fairly inaccurate to immediately label the child as a foreign company . 
  in cases of true multinationals then attributing companies to countries often starts to blur more and more . 
  for example , i think if you asked most people they would probably tell you that guiness is irish even if it is now technically owned by a uk drinks multinational . 
  and imo that is the more reasonable position . 
  careful now - let 's not let reason get in the way of a nice shocking bit of news . 
  well , people do tend to say that salt tiles are a bit op . 
   jaguar land rover are n't british . 
  they are headquartered in coventry , designed and mostly assembled here , but subsidiary to tata . 
  in other words , they are a british company but with an indian parent . 
  nobody expects that to actually happen apart from some idiots . 
  but from i 've heard explained about this : when you know a deal will have to be made , you do n't start by offering what you do n't want , obviously . 
  you start from your perfect outcome and work your way down to a compromise . 
  with a population high enough you can bet there 's someone every night/every other night getting attacked somewhere . 
  any race , nationality , or even other english people . 
  to end up here it had to be : 1 ) shocking/topical/cowardly enough to become news in the first place . 
  also , the bottom line is what sells attention . 
  the nuances of the reality of the situation also do n't necessarily have to fall into that , so * always be critical of any shock news you read * . 
  british newspapers in particular are renowned vultures for selling shock . 
  2 ) what gets posted and then upvoted on the particular sub ( eg . 
  relevant , fits the will of the sub ) . 
  if you 're going to narrow it down to `` things only happened if i heard about it here '' you 'll get an incredibly skewed view of reality , same as somebody who only watches fox news or reads the daily mail . 
  i 'm sure when you repeat that back to yourself it also sounds stupid as hell . 
  please do n't be that guy . 
  brexit has drawn a number of dickheads out of the woodwork , but i would be very careful about letting news media skew your perception of a very large population . 
  especially our newspapers . 
  drumming up shock sensationalism is their bread and butter because it sells . 
  upvotes and comments-wise , just look at how this sub is drawn to it , for example . 
  it would be irrelevant if they want to travel to scotland and try to swim to iceland , or dream of living in the uk for a few years before one day changing their name to erik and becoming swedish - having these intentions does n't make them their problems more than a current french problem either . 
  they entered your borders and are situated there , which absolutely carries the most responsibility , just as the ones who have successfully crossed are now ours . 
   you do n't even realize how its going to backfire against you once shit hits the fan he 's swedish - you can deduce this from the comment . 
  so actually i doubt it will backfire on him directly . 
  worth pointing out , but just like not everybody who disagrees is `` leftist '' , not everybody who argues with you online about brexit is suddenly british . 
  and yet still somehow managed to come across as the more sane candidate when up against boris , gove and leadsom .
