  problem is that smaller teams ca n't afford new engines every racing weekend . 
  mercedes , ferrari , and red bull can - sort of . 
  current system would be just fine if the penalties would carry over to the next race . 
  simple as that . 
  that way teams would n't stockpile on the engines like mercedes did . 
  but credit where credit is due - mercedes did a very smart move with this . 
  best thing about skyf1 is brundle . 
  i could listen to that man for days and he proved it with this video . 
  i 'm sort of on the fence with him . 
  on one hand , he does seem to have a lot of talent to be so young and so successful in his career . 
  however , looking at a few of his recent maneuvers i wonder if he 's maybe too young and inexperienced . 
  somebody at red bull must 've at least tried to talk to him , no way it would n't happen . 
  i just wonder if he 's willing to take constructive criticism . 
  well , f1 is a team sport . 
  not sure if serious ... 
   did n't want to let them pass because they had destroyed my race, 
  and this is why you do n't put teenagers in f1 . 
  fair point ... 
  well if you do n't like it i do n't know what to tell you . 
  but drivers benefit from those engine changes too because it means that engine ( probably ) wo n't fail and result in dnf . 
  it would be a complete circle if red bull demotes max back to toro rosso . 
  people in this sub hated kvyat for what he did , then cried like babies when he got demoted . 
  waffle senna going to get demoted back to toro rosso if he continues this shit, 
  you just took the trash talk to another level son, 
  why is this such a big deal ? 
  it seems to me that everyone is losing their minds and trying to blow this up as if they do n't know what huffpost is ... ? 
  you only get a penalty if there was advantage for cutting . 
  i do n't think there was ... ? 
  i agree . 
  williams is an amazing team , but it 's not where you want to stay too long . 
  get in , impress and move up the ladder . 
  or maybe he 's just happy with what he 's got , no need to judge a man . 
  beep beep beep do n't invest in this one, 
  source : i 'm the bot you were looking for . 
  broken . 
  felipe 's first order of business : guy higher chair . 
  * puts on tinfoil hat *, 
  there was a news today that whiting wants to meet with vettel and raikkonen over versappen . 
  and now couple of hours later he 's `` resigning '', 
  he 's too immature to run with the big boys . 
  he threw a few tantrums here and there , but it was n't all that bad . 
  now that he 's graduated to red bull it seems like he 's worse and worse with each race . 
  i 'd be surprised if he did n't have anything to do with kvyat 's demotion . 
  this tittle is like something that jeremy clarkson would say in top gear intro . 
  still i rise, 
  slovenia fuck yeah we got dis, 
  i do n't know where it came from , but i hate it so damn much . 
  our nation 's flag is white-blue-red , so it does n't make sense to include green . 
  there are some people who want to change our flag to white-blue-green and i hate them too . 
  green makes us look like a bunch of hippies . 
  now excuse me , i 'm getting my 5th beer because we just qualified for the olympic games . 
   it 's like they expected bill to go full on white supremacist or something and received the shock of their lives when he did n't do so . 
  welp ... i was one of those people . 
  but hey , everyone has the right to their opinion , not going to start hating on ol' freckles because of what he said here . 
  okay , white supremacy is a bit much ( kinda missed that part in the comment ) , but i expected bill to be against him . 
  lord have mercy if this is actually true . 
  teams have too much say in what goes in f1 as it is . 
  this is nothing more than a pr stunt with the sole purpose of regaining some of the lost love from the fans . 
  the kid is only 22 years old and he 's on a downward spiral right now . 
  everything since the demotion is going wrong for him and it 's tough to stay positive after that . 
  at one point there was a radio message from him where he basically asked himself `` why does it keep happening to me ? '' . 
  he needs someone who can help him , professionally . 
  no shame in admitting that you need help . 
  grosjean also went to seek help after spa 2012 . 
  welp , after two shift you tend to miss a thing or two . 
  either way , it does n't matter , just surprised by bill 's comments . 
  do you think marchionne has a roulette with names and he spins it once in a while so it decides for him who gets fired ? 
  button made a mistake ? 
  must be understeer . 
  damn i 'm going to miss him are n't i :(, 
  bravo !, 
  ... za 600 $ bruto ne ? 
  not suited for president, 
  and so does everyone else at this point . 
  must be a slow day at autosport . 
  does anyone use google now ? 
  you know those cards they have to show you relevant news about things you like , teams you follow etc. ? 
  well , i 'm wondering if anyone else notices that you get a lot of hiliary cards , but nothing on trump ? 
  i really like the idea of google now , but it 's frustrating how it appears to be anti-trump ... tried to bring up cards related to djt with searching for his name , but no luck . 
  lucky you . 
  it was czech guy who filmed it . 
  did he sell it or why does pjw have to pay for it ? 
  oh so that 's how it is . 
  thanks for explanation . 
   the ending was mindboggling, 
  just the ending ? 
  for me it was the whole movie . 
  not saying ending was n't nice , but those 3 hours flew by as if it were nothing . 
  scene after scene i got sucked into it like i was near a black hole . 
  on the way home i drove with my radio off and my existential crisis on . 
  `` what if i get on podium now ? 
  am i the only one who liked both seasons ? 
  first one was better , sure , but second one was n't such bad tv either . 
  the thing about walter white is that he 's a fictional character . 
  does n't matter how many people he 's killed - it 's all made up . 
  pablo escobar was a real person . 
  people actually died because of him . 
  plane bomb was real , bombings were real ... 
  wagner moura played pablo beautifully and there were moments when i felt sorry for him . 
  but of course then you remember that he was actually reincarnation of devil who would kill anyone who stands in his way .
