   facebook would n't know what to do with an ai if it built one . 
  rest assured , they would know what to do with it . 
  i do n't think they 'll build an ai , because main focus of facebook is to collect data . 
  it 's a perfect tool really . 
  it 's free , 1.5 billion people use it and there are people who share * everything * on it . 
  and they store everything . 
  every message , every comment , even every like . 
  if you 're an active user for a number of years they 'll have tb of data on you . 
  reddit is even better for data collection because of discussions people have . 
  just look at askreddit . 
  they throw you a bone and wait for you to bite . 
  `` redditors , what is your dark secret '' etc. 
  every once in a while this sort of questions reappear , until enough people bite and spill their secrets to the internet , unknowingly that it all gets stored on a server and used to profile you . 
  i stand by my comment on idiots being in charge of scheduling . 
  what else would you call them ? 
  they released one episode then nothing for a two weeks . 
  then one more and again , nothing for a month . 
  no , i meant about earlier seasons . 
  at least 3rd and 4th were a mess . 
  edit : [ air dates for season 4 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1839578/episodes?season=4 ) . 
  it is a mess . 
  as far as i remember , schedule for gotham is much more consistent . 
  they have a mid-season break for a month . 
  if they wanted highly skilled technicians , then they would have no problem of getting them . 
  you need money to hire really talented people . 
  maybe they could pull it off , but like i said , facebook is more of a garden for information than anything else . 
  it 's a gamble . 
  they could come out on top again , but maybe somebody else has some better idea . 
  i 'm all for the rules staying one more year . 
   she has n't been married for that long , so it should be easy to return to the old life she was accustomed to . 
  yeah , i 'm in support of spousal support if she does n't have work and would n't have anywhere to live . 
  paying spousal support so that she can buy gucci bags ... not so much . 
  the speed difference wo n't be so significant that you 'd see it on tv . 
  grid being closer together where there 's a lot of overtaking . 
  that 's what people want . 
  hamilton had quite a couple of dive bombs last year . 
  vettel also had a few problems , but there was a race where he was just terrible all the way through . 
  bahrain or something where kimi got on the podium . 
  coulthard 's jawline so wide fia banned it . 
  f1 car should look intimidating or at least aggressive . 
  those dildos on the front in 2014 did n't help that case . 
  yeah , it is kinda sad when you see a mclaren fan out in the wild . 
  you instinctively need the feel to make fun of him . 
  in other news : i know of a priest ( yes , priest ) who cheers for mclaren . 
  i guess you ca n't pray away a bad engine . 
  friend of a girlfriend in a nutshell . 
  she is fat as fuck and thinks it would be the worst thing if she dated a fat guy . 
  to my surprise , she managed to pull a guy who looks good and had abs . 
  i do n't know how they do it , but she is a master of angle , because in all her photos she looks thin . 
  i was shocked when i saw her in person . 
  she met the guy on tinder so ... 
  either way , she says she wants to lose weight and all that . 
  i do n't believe her because she has as much excuses as she does pounds . 
  for a while my girlfriend believed that she 'll really do it , but now she 's caught up to her bullshit excuses too . 
  just waiting for a moment when her boyfriend realizes that she 's not going to lose weight and dumps her ... 
  i do n't know where i heard but someone said that maldonado was great , up until the moment when he puts on a helmet . 
  ... and the shares are going to lose a lot of value which erlich will buy back dirt cheap . 
  you wo n't see skoda . 
  they do n't make their own engines because they 're part of vag ( audi , vw , seat , skoda ), 
   osnova anarhisti\u010dnega sistema je ravno pravi kapitalizem oz . 
  get out with your reasoning, 
  i hope you do n't take everything so seriously as you take these comments . 
  what a great move . 
  make a shitty remake of a great move with female cast and when people say it 's a shitty move you say they 're sexist loosers . 
  way to go . 
  oh so yuo 're saying women ca n't be funny ???? 
  you sexist pig / s, 
  can anybody fill me in on this one ? 
  i have no idea, 
  oh , so it 's just a visual thing . 
  well , i must say , it does look better . 
  no , they 're downplaying their own dominance . 
  okay , let 's presume you do n't need to put the barriers everywhere , just at the critical points and you get down to 40 km of barriers . 
  that 's not that bad until you take into account that you probably need to put them up on both sides . 
  which means 80 km or 70 at best . 
  i do n't know the track so it 's hard to say anything . 
  either way , it would be too long and a general pain in the ass to set it up . 
  couple of days at least . 
  and we have a full circle, 
  or merc picked up ferrari 's sandbags ... ? 
  i like the `` secondberg '' ... kinda missed him in these first six races tbh . 
  even solid movies make that mistake . 
  that 's why i do n't like watching trailers . 
  why not have a march against violence as a whole ? 
  it 's not only women who experience violence and it has to be said - little girls are mean as fuck , just because they can get away with it most of the time . 
  not to mention that there 's a high chance of rain . 
  what then ? 
  manor is probably tough to drive in the dry ( compared to mercedes/ferrari/red bull ) and probably 10 times worse in the rain . 
  accidents happen way too often to drivers who are fully concentrated . 
  ca n't imagine driving hungry and dehydrated , so i hope that he and fia/fom really think hard about this . 
  now this is what i call a great use of trigger warning . 
  that beard is off the charts . 
  envy . 
   triggered all around, 
  better than be all round ( fat ) like feminists, 
  this is the est picture on the internet, 
  i really do n't understand these people . 
  how can you be so stupid to not realize what is going no ? 
  okay , i get it , not every muslim is a terrorist , i can agree with that . 
  now can you , for the love of god agree when i say that islam does have a violence problem ?
