  i thought that pablo 's story is going to drag out for two more seasons , but by the middle of s2 it was getting more and more clear how it 's going to end . 
  i 'm happy too , but i 'm just not sure who is going to be the main baddie and can he act as well as wagner moura did . 
  i would n't count them out just yet . 
  it all depends how much money haas wants to sink in f1 , but i think haas has pretty good foundation on which they can build . 
  i guess we will see in a few years time . 
  he 's mexican , he do poor job . 
  no , the mistake ruined it . 
  unacceptable . 
  do n't be silly , they 're obviously dumping alonso . 
  rest assured , they will look into it . 
  mercedes made them look like a bunch of clowns . 
  not to mention that if a team has enough money they could effectively stockpile enough engines ( and other parts ) to have a new one for each race . 
  this then solves nothing . 
  the rules we have now would be good for a new engine era ( v8 -  v6t ) , because of reliability issues . 
  after the first year they could bring back stop-go penalties and carrying penalties to the next race . 
  to make things more interesting ( and more fair to the smaller teams ) they could also write in the rule that more successful teams sever bigger grid drops , while smaller teams server less ( mercedes and manor both change engines , mercedes serves 20 place grid drop , manor 2 ) or something similar . 
  my uncle has a similar brain injury . 
  he was conscious and could understand what was going on , but could not speak . 
  ~ ~ 2015 le mans winner ~ ~ nico hulkenberg, 
  when singapore race is hot but not hot enough to melt steel beams, 
   according to autosport , it was the head of the post fault . 
  probably true . 
  the way it works is that head of the post radios in what is going on . 
  in f1 it 's a bit easier than at your local track because race control has camera feeds . 
  anyway , if they have debris on the track they have to report that too . 
  when they 're done with the cleanup , they radio in and only then race control will restart the race . 
  if i have to guess , head of the post misjudged how much time they have before cars come around again . 
   mcloserface, 
  you misspelled mclaren, 
  i 'm all for burning blue flags and letting drivers figure it out on their own . 
  however , i think rules are important for a sport like f1 . 
  drivers need to respect them or get out of the sport . 
  plus , i think that sharp end of the grid would be constantly stuck in traffic , being as fast as they 're . 
  right now they 're lapping almost entire field twice . 
  he died because of a complication when he was in surgery . 
  for what is worth , he didnt know sign language , because he didnt have a lot of movements in the hands at the time . 
  he got a board with letters and you pointed to letters and he blinked . 
  next week he 's going to be fired from toro rosso for not having any soul . 
  everyone is okay , but you can imagine how it is ... 
  his accident actually occurred couple of months before michael 's . 
  in the spirit of silly season ... verstappen goes to ferrari while vettel goes back to red bull !!!, 
  do n't worry about being new , we all joined in somewhere along the way and we all assimilated just fine . 
  as for mercedes - both of their drivers are good , but that 's not their secret . 
  frankly , most of the drivers on the grid today would be winning in this car . 
  why ? 
  the car is just that good . 
  it is the perfect package of a great engine and chassis . 
  for instance , red bull has a solid engine and great chassis which makes them competitive on tracks that have more corners ( singapore for instance ) and less competitive at tracks like monza or spa . 
  the reaction is just priceless . 
  you 're still hydrating yourself , even if it 's with a hot drink . 
  he did sort of , but it was still great racing nonetheless . 
  that was beautiful to watch . 
  he made a few good moves and pushed that toro rosso way ahead of his place . 
  why not go a step further and give them all the same car ? 
  they can tweak their setup and then it 's game on . 
  let 's see who can get most out of the car . 
  i was n't serious ... it would be fun to have some sort of organized event where every driver from the grid could participate . 
  same could be said for bernie ... 
  this gif has no sound . 
  we need valve to give us some sounds !, 
   red bull feared his start to be troublesome yet again after known clutch issues but were n't allowed to fix it under the rules , presumably without penalty . 
  well , it cost them either way . 
  i care more about rio than i do about gutierrez at this point . 
  he has no personality whatsoever and does n't even drive that well . 
  i 'd rather they sign any other driver from the current grid . 
  actually i 'd rather see ferrari runs only one car than signing gutierrez . 
  second ? 
  that is too close . 
  let 's make him number three driver !, 
  can someone please explain who the fuck this guy is ? 
  all i know is that he has one of the mos punchable faces around . 
  how long are ricciardo and verstappen still under contract ? 
  as for either driver jumping ship - it could happen , but i would n't bet on it , especially if red bull is going to be favorite for 2018 's tittles . 
  both of the drivers want wdc really really bad and they wo n't switch for anything less than that . 
  did n't ferrari move their timeline from `` next year '' to `` next race '' ? 
  well , grim reaper does have a 20 % increase in his business since hillary ... 
  nah just drill at the store . 
  heeeeeeeeello dinner, 
  my girlfriend calls me bear . 
  i almost shit my pants , thinking she found my reddit account . 
  red flag , cars go to pits , change tires and then we have a sprint race to the end . 
  would be lovely . 
  i do n't know if that 's a good or bad thing . 
  still do n't understand how you can vote without an id . 
   hillary : cancel the event !, 
  * coughs *, 
  if you do n't go past a marshal point that is waving flags it 's business as usual . 
  red flag would be different , because then the whole session is halted . 
  or you know ... funeral arrangements ... 
  well , does it have ea logo on it ? 
  if it does , then yes , you can buy every platform as a dlc . 
   if necessary his perverted rape/masterbation articles would 've ruined his credibility without a doubt . 
  not necessarily . 
  bernie could spin this for his gain or at least to soften the blow . 
  bernie could get that sympathy vote in by telling his story about how he came up from nothing to running as a presidential candidate . 
  which means that someday * you * could be the next president . 
  trump on the other hand got a loan from his father to start his business . 
  pretty rich for someone like verstappen to say something like that . 
  hahhaha verstappen did it , what a fucking idiot, 
  from what i 've seen , verstappen bumped into vettel which bumped rosberg ...
