  alonso is quick , no denying that , but so are hamilton and rosberg . 
  plus , hamilton would never agreed to it . 
  do n't be silly , ferrari strategists will find a way to fuck it up if mercedes fucks up . 
  `` well , fernando , we have good and bad news '', 
  `` okey , give me good news first '', 
  `` you 're f1 pilot '', 
  `` wuuuhuu '', 
  `` but you 're driving for mclaren honda ... in 2015 '', 
  [ x ] no spaces between words, 
  guess you have my upvote . 
   for example , would it be able to take a manor and win from pole ? 
  i would pay good money to see this go down , but i 'd go all in on mercedes win . 
  manor is n't engineered nowhere near enough to beat mercedes . 
  sure , ai would warm up the tires and keep them at ideal temperature while breaking as late as possible , but with ai you still ca n't do the impossible . 
  you have to have a whole package . 
  like i said , ai would get enough data from fp to get through the race , but the manor car still is n't engineered good enough to take the challenge to mercedes , red bull , and ferrari . 
  corners are where manor is lacking mechanical grip and you ca n't substitute it with world class ai . 
  can you repeat the question please ? 
  verstappen is such an idiot . 
  if he would just give the place back he would finish 4th , now he finishes 5th . 
  more or less this . 
  he has some moments of brilliance , but for fucks sake , this kid has much to learn . 
  bernie : put a wall on the corners, 
  * r/formula1 riots *, 
  ricciardo : put a wall on the corners, 
  * r/formula1 applauds *, 
  okay , next time i 'll search for everyone that did n't like what bernie had to say and liked when ricciardo said it . 
  10 feet higher !, 
  and we 'll make mexico pay for it ... next year when f1 returns . 
  he said that it 's the same thing with rosberg ... sure , you push another driver off the track and expect them to do what exactly ... 
  i was really surprised that they did n't give him a penalty . 
  he just went straight on and like ricciardo said , you need to pay for that mistakes . 
  it 's different if you 're pushed off the track . 
  walls are dangerous though . 
  they need to stop drivers cutting the corners , so gravel traps would probably do it . 
  not a fan of either of them , but it worked itself out , because rosberg got the place back . 
  ham was another story yes . 
  i 'm not american , but it seems disrespectful of her to not wear an american flag pin . 
  just my 5 cents ... 
  i just hope they dump gutierrez and not grosjean . 
  i sort of expected this , as soon as they came under investigation . 
  more leeway because they 're all bunched up trying to take one corner and that can get messy . 
  however , hamilton was in front of the pack , outbreaking himself in a desperate attempt to get ahead . 
  at the end of the race he was trying to downplay his own mistake by saying `` yeah but my flatspot '' . 
  from what i hear is , bernie will put up walls on the corner ... 
  does n't matter , chocolate senna will just rise through it, 
  back to you ted, 
  can we have 4 lap races ? 
  because out of 71 laps only 4 were actually entertaining . 
  chocolate senna thinking he 's driving honda , cutting grass in t1, 
  2ndberg reaching new levels of cuck `` do n't punish lewis plz i must not win this championship2, 
  ferrari actually outdid themselves with a new way to fuck up their race, 
  business usual at mclelren with nando screaming what everyone is thinking, 
  did you expect anything else ? 
  surely at this point it ca n't be a surprise anymore . 
  ... but brawn will allow it . 
  herbert : * looks left and right * ^ ^ ^ ^ alonso, 
  honestly , i do n't mind that he has a short temper . 
  it 's entertaining to see when he loses it like he did in mexico . 
  made the race 10 times more entertaining and generated a lot of talk . 
  for reasons stated above , i highly doubt that he will get any further penalty . 
  okay , so vettel has `` honestly '' , kimi has `` bwoah '' , hamilton has `` blessed '' , ... what do others have ? 
  hahaha i completely forgot about that . 
  every race weekend we hear it :d, 
  i remember him doing some tests last year in austria , but i 'm not sure if he was reserve driver too . 
  i 'm also happy that they do n't want to retain him . 
  he has the least personality and is also a prick on the track . 
  yeah bernie did a lot to improve safety and to build up f1 into such a product that it is today . 
  but i do think that bernie stayed a little too long in the sport . 
  last few years did n't do him any good . 
  for vettel it was a lot harder to make a move on verstappen with having ricciardo right behind him . 
  no , i was just saying why verstappen would want to push him back into ricciardo . 
  gives him a chance too . 
  not after the shit he 's pulled with blue flags he 's not . 
  to be fair , you do n't give up the place you 're in until stewards tell you to do it . 
  imagine how it would look if verstappen gave the place to vettel and stewards decided it was fair game . 
  also worth noting , ferrari 's pit wall made the mistake when they told vettel that verstappen has to let him through like it was already official . 
  that 's why vettel lost it . 
   weight loss is 75 % diet and 25 % exercise . 
  that 's not always the case . 
  i was in the same boat and my diet was n't * that * bad , i just was n't exercising and pounds added up through time . 
  edit : downvoted for saying what worked for me ... wow . 
  people need to understand that drivers are just people and we make mistakes too . 
  yes , drivers should pay attention and look where they 're going . 
  i agree with that . 
  but so should everyone else for that matter . 
  at the end of the day , you 're looking out for yourself . 
  your own wellbeing . 
  sure , you can tell yourself stories how the light was green , how you had the right of way , and how you sued the driver for every penny he 's got . 
  but it 's you who 's in the wheelchair . 
  if there 's rain in brazil and williams pits exactly at the right moment ... it would be great seeing him in front of the home crowd once again , but who am i kidding , it 's not going to happen . 
  not sure why you 're being downvoted , but it 's true - people mostly comment just on the headline . 
  people do n't understand that reporters will twist and turn their questions and interviewee 's answers until something juicy does n't come out . 
  but while on the topic - horner is right , but i would n't want to be the one who 's fault is it that somebody lost championship . 
  max does n't need this kind of attention . 
  this only reinforces the `` she will say anything and do nothing '' . 
  only now that she 's desperate she says she wants to be president to everybody . 
  i really do n't know what hillary was thinking . 
  calling trump supporters deplorable , bernie supporters ` basement dwellers ' , and that thing with christians ... 
  she damn near hates everybody .
