  not rosberg . 
  he kept on driving till the end . 
  the hardest part was when hamilton lapped him . 
  as for his off track activities ; despite his money , he 's not too flashy and will now walk away from a pretty big paycheck so he can spend more time with his family because his dream of being a champion is now true . 
  clearly , this man has his shit together . 
  do n't tease me !, 
  still get goosebumps when i look at that video !, 
  he has a young family and f1 took too much of his time from it . 
  he 's a family man who achieved his life long dream of becoming a f1 wdc and now that he has the tittle he can do something else . 
  either way , i would n't be surprised if he returns in a couple of years like schumacher did . 
  top gear had a great article on this . 
  i do n't think it 's a cowardly decision , rosberg would just rather spend his time with his family than training and traveling all year long . 
  no , what op meant to ask is if toto is still his manager . 
  he never was directly iirc , toto just owns shares in a company that manages bottas . 
  this is why i want to see alonso in there next to hamilton . 
  the pairing would have it all . 
  team drama , great battles , and when alonso retires in a couple of years we 'll have drivers fight for the seat once more !, 
  this is fake !, 
  i mean how on earth do you want me to believe this is true when there are n't even arabic subtitles on there ??? 
  they check for visible damage , but nobody will crawl under the car . 
  mercedes got the wdc , but having a world champion race one more season means a lot more publicity . 
  now rosberg is gone , meaning that mercedes ca n't parade him around . 
  what kind of lap simulation plan are you talking about ? 
  generally interested . 
  like the other guy said openstreetmaps maybe or maybe get the data from other driving simulators ? 
  well , since he retired , he 'll be obligated to do it for the rest of this year . 
  come january ... 
  sounds interesting , what is your endgame here ? 
  either way , to model the tracks you might want to do [ something similar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltx2mq2obse ), 
  as for elevation change , you have a lot of data on elevation change if you google `` f1 elevation change '' for a certain track and use it to make it more realistic . 
  i have driven the regular one and i 'm still in talks with the dealer on when i can drive the quadrifoglio version . 
  the regular model had me smiling all the time and it 's an incredible car to drive . 
  like most alfa romeo cars , it 's also beautiful to look at !, 
  mercedes will leave it as is so when rosberg comes out of retirement in 5 years he will still have a chance at wdc . 
  those sandbags might be bad for environment though . 
  vettel probably came up to him every gp weekend and said `` honestly what are you doing here ? '', 
  forcing him to retire early so he can get in that seat, 
  imagine the implosion when that not very exciting replacement beats chocolate senna to a wdc, 
  honestly , i 'd love to see alonso in the team so he can stir some serious shit on the grid . 
  i live for the f1 drama, 
  * vandoorne gets shot *, 
  brings a tear to my eye when they repaint old cars with new liveries . 
  italians did n't want globalist agenda . 
   the magic in-my-head 2017 season now has an 8-way title fight between hamilton , rossi , ricciardo , verstappen , vettel , r\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen , alonso and vandoorne ... 
  ... with title decider at abu dhabi . 
  my heart would ' t go on . 
  we must also ban trump voters from our businesses !, 
  hence why she is crying . 
  no tumblr . 
  i 'm in the same boat and negan is quickly becoming my favorite villain . 
  to me , season 6 was the worst season . 
  maybe you feel different , but to me , it almost felt like season 2 all over again , only with higher budget . 
  i 'm not going to argue , there were a couple of worthy episodes , but there was n't much going on . 
  so they introduced new characters and wanted to humanize them so we would feel sorry when they eventually died . 
  plus the shenanigans with glenn 's fake death and negan 's victims . 
  of course , they 're still making filler episodes like episode 6 that featured whatshername discovering a tribe of women that she now must never mention again !, 
  they 'll probably come into play later on , but i do n't expect much . 
  now , back to negan . 
  like i said , he 's my favorite villain and i do n't see that changing . 
  he 's ruthless , unpredictable , and has a sense of humor . 
  every time he 's on screen you can sense that everyone could die . 
  the fat lady in rick 's house ... he turned away from her as if he 's going to bash her brains in and then starts laughing and tells her he 'd like to fuck her . 
  fuck you , negan is the best thing that happened in the last couple of seasons . 
  they better not kill negan !, 
  ... and they wo n't for some time because show runners know what they have and are going to milk it to kingdom come . 
  that 's why i want alonso in mercedes . 
  hamilton and alonso are arguably the best drivers on the grid with grand canyon as their life size representation of their ego . 
  if mercedes really do sign alonso they better prepare for some serious drama between them which i 'm dying to see . 
  insightful and interesting read that , not sheer fantasies of redditors that i 'll admit am a part of . 
  alonso would be great for racing and drama , but it probably wo n't happen unless alonso has some performance or mercedes clause in there . 
  i 'd also like to say this : yes , button and massa are the past , not the future . 
  neither of them is a bad driver , so what if mercedes say `` okay , driver that we really want is under contact for 2017 , why not pay button to race next year with us and then we get the driver we really want for 2018 '' . 
  alonso or sainz are my favorites for the seat and i hope one of them takes it . 
  it 's not christmas if you do n't see hans gruber fall to his death . 
   win one final race, 
  so massa would never leave ? 
  only a matter of time when your face is on cnn and you 're saying `` damn trump took our job ! '', 
  i used to watch colbert from time to time and thought that he was funny ... this election proved he was just another asshole and how show is now unwatchable . 
  thanks obama !, 
  waiting for msm to spin this as a bad move like it 's christmas morning . 
  [ it 's happening !!!!, 
  ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2016/12/06/technology/trump-japan-softbank/index.html ), 
  cnn trying to play it off like he 's taking credit for something that he has n't had any part in . 
  pathetic . 
  why are electors even needed in the process ? 
  i 'm sure it 's not that simple , but could n't those votes go automatically to the candidate who wins the state ? 
  its a joke ... 
  the madman has the election map of usa in his intro !!!!!!, 
  then he shows his face and he has the biggest grin on his face !, 
  what a legend !, 
  r/the _ donald is leaking !, 
  mf1ga !, 
  ... although you 'll never really know if your vote went to your candidate . 
  machine could be programmed to show you what you want to see , while in the background it just gives every n-th vote to opposing candidate . 
  that 's why i do n't like electronic voting , it 's far to easy to steal elections , especially with code not being available for the public . 
  so why did n't they ? 
  all this talk is pointless , results speak for themselves . 
  at the end of the day , ferrari lost against red bull and it does n't really matter what the reason is . 
  fake voters are n't that big of a problem . 
  you need actual people for that and you would need thousands of people to make a difference in some states .
