  number would be better . 
  maybe . 
  christ . 
  i was starting to accept that it was over when we were down 3 goals . 
  then in a couple of minutes they tied . 
  which is just amazing . 
  i thought well now we have a chance . 
  now we 're down two goals again . 
  go kings , but shit i need some alcohol . 
  [ gentleman , it has been an honor !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcefqj9pdai ), 
  anyone wan na start a #anyonebutthesharks ? 
  i could get behind that . 
  either them or caps . 
  just the psychological advantage . 
  i 'm curious and lazy , so - why is renault allowing this ? 
  not rooting for sharks either . 
  it 's like lending your girlfriend to your enemy ... 
  okay , but you ca n't put a ferrari engine in it and say that it 's tag heuer or are they just a sponsor ? 
  really confused here :d, 
  no offense taken , it 's just that i ca n't see it that well ( mild color blind ) , but otherwise it 's not that bad . 
  i love how seriously this subreddit has taken this :d, 
  sky only cares about stories about hamilton, 
   alonso is just the gift that keeps on giving, 
  ftfy, 
  seems reasonable , therefore no . 
  around 2:16 fernando leave a space . 
  he always leave a space . 
  she 's not , because most of the people will vote based on what a candidate represents . 
  but sure , there are voters who vote based on things like this . 
  some women will vote for hillary just because she 's a woman which i think is also not the way to go about voting . 
  while i agree that violence escalates , i ca n't say that i agree with anything else . 
  this advertisement makes it seem like that the world would be heaven if it were n't for men . 
  which is strange , because feminists like to throw at out face how they ( women ) are in charge of raising children . 
  anyway , from what i recall , girls have always been treated fairly through my years of education . 
  nobody bullied girls , ever . 
  it was an unwritten rule that you do n't hit girls . 
  therefore , violence was always boys against boys or girls on boys . 
   april 18 ( monday ) : by monday morning three men had been taken into `` custody '' by groups of students . 
  two escaped and a third was released after police intervention . 
  on wikipedia , kidnapping is defined as ,, 
   the unlawful taking away or transportation of a person against that person 's will , ** usually to hold the person unlawfully . 
  next time you get an idea like that , think about the people who 's job it is to clean that all up . 
  now think how you 'd feel if you , your mother or your father was in charge for that . 
   i have seen women barge into the men 's bathroom many times in the past in bars and such . 
  and this was a-ok ? 
  i 've never heard women complaining about that before , but if a man goes into the women 's bathroom at a bar i bet he 'd be arrested and labelled a sex offender . 
  last winter i went into the men 's bathroom and there 's like 5 women in there doing make up . 
  and it 's a small bathroom . 
  when i asked them to move away from the sink so i can wash my hands , they started bitching at me . 
  i love my white male privilege . 
  my parents know that i 'm a big fan . 
  after all , they can hear me downstairs every race weekend when i shout at my tv . 
  anyway , a couple of weeks back they asked me why have n't i gone to any races . 
  when i told them how expensive the tickets are , they understood . 
  i 'm a fan , but i 'm not paying that much for a race weekend . 
  i 'm sure it happens , because people are assholes . 
  sometimes there 's just no cameras around . 
  where are you from and why montreal ? 
  okay , as an european i have it a bit easier . 
  austrian gp is just about 2 hour drive away from me , while italian and hungarian are about 5 hours away . 
  so i at least do n't have to buy plane tickets , but i still have to sleep somewhere . 
  for austrian gp it would make more sense to drive home ( gas money split 4 ways is cheaper than finding hotels for four people ) , but any ticket worth a damn will be 500 $ or more . 
  nah , that 's because we still have a chance to beat you guys . 
  you do n't need to go that far . 
  car full of women would be enough ... 
  it 's not an assumption when you have people openly admitting that they 'll vote for her based on her gender . 
  of course , at the same time you 'll have people not voting for her just because she 's a woman . 
  more or less the same thing happened when obama was running ... 
  but do n't accuse me of what i did n't say . 
  i never said that a woman president would be bad . 
  what is bad is pushing a candidate forward for what they are and not for what or whom they represent . 
  we do n't need male , female , black or latino presidents - we need good presidents . 
  with time , we 'll have all sort of presidents , but we do n't need to push bad candidates forward just for the sake of diversity . 
  just as mercedes did n't . 
  i just hope that ferrari does n't get passed by mercedes and red bull, 
  we ca n't lose again !, 
  i hope that jenson did n't experience too much understeer, 
  i ca n't wait for this race to begin so we can see about this red bull pace everyone is talking about . 
  boy , it is weird seeing sharks logo not being faded this time of the year, 
  we all did . 
  it looks horrible . 
  from the side it looks better , but head on it does n't look good to me . 
  anything they 'll add on top will look horrible , because the car is n't designed for this . 
  but it is safe , so i could live with it if drivers can . 
  basically they 've cut from kimi 's hot lap to looking at palmer sitting in a car . 
  that or watching palmer sitting in his car while people out there are on the hot laps ... what the fuck . 
  it 's a bit harsh , but every april 1st i get annoyed . 
  different time zones so you do n't know when it stops and those articles generally stay up . 
  it was n't even one of the best looking when it came out . 
  ... , sell it at full price and make millions off of it , day one !, 
  ferrari throwing it away again . 
  i do n't . 
  be careful what you wish for !, 
  the reason why people ca n't stand hamilton is because he 's a tool . 
  throwing hat at rosberg , jumping on medical car , posting `` world fucking champion '' on social media , acting entitled then nearly crying when it does n't go his way . 
  it also does n't hurt that your browser comes with suggested pages . 
  he 's been fairly calm for the past three races and in this interview you can see it starting to get to him . 
  i say if the next gp weekend does n't go his way , he 'll lose it . 
  people want someone who makes them feel like they could grab a beer and chat at the bar .
