  i love how cars are engineered down to the last bolt . 
  that 's why i have a real love-hate relationship to mercedes . 
  i mean i like ferrari , but damn that car is fast . 
  with `` still i rise '' at the bottom, 
  for that kind of price you could save up money to go see races live ... 
  private trackers are also more reliable . 
  after brundle was gone for two races i realized that i mostly watch it because of him . 
  but far less experienced and i do n't know how well he can tell engineers what to do with the car setup ... 
  it 's moving in the right direction , but last year was horrible . 
  by the end of this year they need to be closer to podium and then make another off season push . 
  i really want rosberg to win one wdc , but he 's blown a really big lead into nothing . 
  trust me , it 's not . 
  if mercedes stops development until the end of the year , they would lose both wcc and wdc . 
  f1 is a really fast changing sport where there 's no time to get comfortable if you want to stay on the top . 
  easy call when you 're commenting from the couch . 
  i did n't say on the podium , i said closer to podium . 
  if they do n't work on their engine , they 'll fall behind . 
  easy as that . 
  if india and pakistan turn this into a competition in 10 years there will only be forrest . 
  basically how media operates . 
  they twist and turn your words until they have a headline that will sell itself . 
  blaming one person for not having a competitive car, 
  jup , must be a ferrari employee . 
  noooooooooooooooo , really ? 
  not tifosi , i do n't really care who it is , just as long ferrari is winning . 
  mostly yes , but i was talking more about movie reviews and such . 
  rio is n't bad at all , but compared to someone who will come in based on their talent and not their money ... yeah , he does n't stand a chance . 
  jenson on the radio : i ` mgettingalotofundersteer, 
  pastor : `` get in there danill '', 
  that 's because mercedes wants a german driver to win wdc ... wait no something 's wrong ... 
  and also , one is at race start and the other is in the middle of the race . 
  not the slightest . 
  the driver on the inside dictates the line , but ca n't go that far off the line and has also have to leave the space for the other driver . 
  montoya went wide , giving schumacher just enough space to stay on the track . 
  every second matters and it 's hard to follow other cars . 
  they all are . 
  some more , some less . 
  exactly . 
  you do n't waste your driver in a b-team , especially not if said driver is looked as the second coming of senna . 
  kvyat did n't even stand a chance , we all knew that . 
  we just did n't knew that red bull was going to do it mid-season . 
  so this means that kimi might win a race ? 
  ferrari 's biggest problem is their arrogance . 
  this is why key people are leaving or being let go . 
  i had high hopes for ferrari , but after allison departure i 'll be happy if they stay in second place for wcc . 
  next year wo n't be pretty either . 
  why would perez want to move ? 
  williams is n't doing any better than force india at the moment . 
  decent chance ? 
  even though i 'm in love with williams i do n't see them coming out in front of mclaren next year , not even at the beginning of the season . 
  damn it to hell . 
  mclaren can give him much bigger pay check and an actual chance to design a tittle winning car . 
  williams could pull it off too , but they 're not match for mercedes who operate at a much bigger budget . 
  palmer out , kmag stays . 
   i would try and win more races, 
  such a kimi answer . 
  could be . 
  do n't get me wrong , i hope they can challenge for wins , but with 4 factory teams and red bull it 's not looking likely . 
  they know we 'll return for next season . 
  they do n't have to bait us with major cliffhangers . 
  breaking bad and the wire are also worth mentioning here as one of the greats . 
  makes me cry just imagining amc getting got . 
  they would ruin it by the second episode . 
  same here . 
  first season was great and i 'm sure that if hbo had the show they would n't let it become the show that it is today . 
  because if you look at the last season you see that basically nothing has happened , until that last episode . 
  what we got was a filler season . 
  now i 'm wondering how effective would halo be against another halo . 
  hillary has done nothing wrong , those were private servers and there was no classified material in those emails . 
  of course . 
  there 's always some big bad capitalistic white pig behind it . 
  best thing you can do is to delete your account . 
  they 're going to stay only as long as people use it . 
  okay , so who makes decisions that they 're hot enough ? 
   having several engineers lead the development and allow more input from all their engineers . 
  so when the car does n't perform they can fire them all at once ? 
  it is ferrari we 're talking about . 
  blank checks do n't work on everyone . 
  renault at the moment does seem like a step back , but remember , lotus did n't work much on their car , they barely had money to show up at races . 
  exactly . 
  long term , renault might make it to be one of the top teams , but i do wonder if they 're going to continue to supply red bull with their engines if red bull outperforms them on regular basis . 
  i could get behind that . 
  they might do it , but i imagine that it 's a total nightmare to organize a race there . 
  for starters , the whole complex is n't ready to host an f1 event . 
  track is also 28 km long ( 17 miles ) which means you would need a ton of marshalls for the whole weekend . 
  depends what kind of a show we 're talking about . 
  those case of the week type of shows generally do n't need you to watch every previous episode . 
  however , the shows i mostly watch have some serious plot and character development and you generally have to see every episode . 
  if you miss one , it wo n't be the end of the world . 
  if you miss a couple , you 'll be lost and are probably going to give up on the show entirely . 
  i would love it if somebody can recommend me a book with a really well done ** plot twist ** that you do n't see coming from a mile away . 
  last book i 've read was 5th wave and although i enjoyed it , i felt like it was too predictable . 
  i 'm not picky about genre , although i guess i like reading sci-fi/mystery/detective / spy mostly . 
  as a ferrari fan ... have an upvote you filthy animal ; _ ;, 
   your joking, 
  ehm ... you 're *, 
   `` apologies for the colourful language there '', 
  this whole thing seems really stupid . 
  apologizing for what somebody else said , because you just know some spastic cunt at home is going to write a letter because he has nothing better to do in their lives . 
   it 's a social event for the elite,
