  it 's a nightmare . 
  now , instead of one , i have to carry around two . 
  yes and no . 
  half a second is top 10 . 
  i 'm fine with that since i only started a couple of weeks ago . 
  when my cat had enough of my shit she jumped on my back and started licking my hair . 
  why ? 
  i do n't know , but i bet it has something to do with my dog wanting to lick my arm . 
  it 's just ones and zeroes , how hard could it be, 
  why the hell would hamilton go to ferrari ? 
  unless you forgot to put / s at the end, 
   how old are you ? 
   are you employed/making income ? 
  how much ? 
  part time employment , $ 700 a month, 
   what are your objectives with this money ? 
  ( buy a house ? 
  retirement savings ? ), 
  i 'd like to say house , but my plan is not to get ahead of myself and start small and see where it goes . 
   what is your risk tolerance ? 
  ( do you mind risking it at blackjack or do you need to know its 100 % safe ? ), 
  i would be okay losing all my money that i put in . 
   what are you current holdings ? 
  ( do you already have exposure to specific funds and sectors ? ), 
  any other assets ? 
  house paid off ? 
  cars ? 
  expensive girlfriend ? 
  ( not really an asset ), 
  no , not really . 
  apartment is paid off , car is paid off , girlfriend is low maintenance :d, 
   what is your time horizon ? 
  do you need this money next month ? 
  next 20yrs ? 
  no rush for the money . 
  sooner would be better , but i 'd like to be realistic about this . 
  while it can certainly happen quick , i 'll say that 10 years would be amazing , 20 years would be okay , 30 years would still be good . 
   any big debts ? 
  free as a bird . 
   any other relevant financial information will be useful to give you a proper answer . 
  for start i 'd like to invest at least $ 1000 with more following in a couple of months . 
  i wonder who 's going to be next week ? 
  how is that investing wo n't improve my situation ? 
  i like scott adams and he sounds like a good guy , but complaining about twitter on twitter is just stupid . 
  if you do n't like how they 're running their business , leave and do business somewhere else . 
  but they said that immigrants are their strength !, 
  [ unstoppable ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/bctjvlkrofvza/giphy.gif ), 
   being as tall as the damned sky did n't exactly hold him back , either . 
  i do n't know what kind of a world you live in , but height does n't matter . 
  people give trump shit for his loan of a million dollars that he got from his father . 
  it sounds funny , but it also takes skill to make millions more . 
  most people would be broke in a year . 
  okay , at home i already sit while i 'm peeing , because it means less cleaning for me . 
  i 'm lazy . 
  however , making this a law is just stupid as fuck . 
  what difference does it make ? 
  what 's the endgame here ? 
  writers should have ended his story last season . 
  they 're doing the same thing to quinn as they did to brody , where they dragged out his story a little too long . 
  my take is that quinn dies this season , maybe even in the upcoming episode . 
  that 's because they focused so heavily on him . 
  indeed . 
  have the same version and works fine with me . 
  yeah it was a terrible secret . 
  i think we all saw it, 
  well they said that about brody and look how great season 5 was !, 
  it will be weird seeing him in mercedes clothes . 
  damn it ferrari . 
   and sent my browser history to my mom . 
  moments before returning to hell ? 
  she sounds like a spoiled brat to be honest . 
  she is bisexual and obviously had her fun time with the girl , while he respected her boundaries . 
  seems to me that all she wanted was to get with another girl if she 's now upset that he had anything with the other girl . 
  jaz res ne vidim v \u010dem je problem . 
  / u/noestofus your image is n't censored in the thumbnail for some reason, 
  that 's like saying that black people ca n't be racist . 
  hint : they can . 
  my advice : do n't talk about politics unless you 're both into the same shit , but even that can get ugly pretty fast . 
  does n't matter if she mentioned him or not . 
  give her the `` oh i listened to his act , it was sort of funny , but it 's not really for me '' or something . 
  people are more divided than ever and bringing up politics is just bad move . 
  deleted my other comment because i have something better to say . 
  since she mentioned maher you should ask her what 's her best bit . 
  talk about your best bit and you 'll both be in a better mood . 
  it added a zero at the end !, 
  seriously , while punched cards were a thing , this is just another level of crazy . 
  in theory , if you do n't sanitize the input , you could read a sequence that effectively stops the program and changes something in the register . 
  olivia is a bitch and telling cyrus to be a man and deal with it has just confirmed that . 
  how do they know how much grip will they be able to get from the tires ? 
  they can simulate a drive around the track fairly easy , since they have the car , but as far as i know they do n't have the tires ? 
  see this little piece of information went under my radar . 
   finishing, 
  hehehe okay ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ ^ need ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ push ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ leaving, 
  i 'm only following him for a short while . 
  before i thought he was a massive tool , but lord have mercy , i 'm loving this . 
   i lived in iran and even though i had no freedom to wear what i want , it was still a great place to live !, 
  holy fuck liberals will bend over backwards to oppress themselves when they 're not in the in a country where they actually have these freedoms . 
  oh look , they made another petition . 
  trump is officially done . 
  it has n't backfired completely .
