  lack of judgment . 
  do n't give cnn any ideas . 
  loopholes is how you get ahead . 
  it was the same when hamilton got those extra engines and threw away one race ... in which he ended up on the podium regardless of the fact that he started last . 
  really really bad . 
  this is on 2012 level . 
  so my question is , will clinton take back those 2008 shirts ? 
  who was right and about what ? 
  honestly , what are we doing here ? 
  i am baffled by this as well . 
  digital should be at least on par . 
  oh , for me it started from the beginning , for some strange reason . 
  i 'm not even american and i 'm disgusted by it . 
  if you do n't love your country , you ca n't make it great . 
  the cars have limits and unless you 're not fernando alonso , you ca n't go past those limits . 
  ferrari playing long con , keeping sandbags on the car to make mercedes more competitive , then laughing at toto trying to downplay it . 
  toto : `` ferrari really close guise srsly '', 
   gravel can be good in some situations , some not so much . 
  alonso crash comes to mind . 
  his car dig in to the sand and flipped it . 
  and this is the reason i 'm not in favor of gravel traps . 
  drivers that cut corners , because of their own mistake , need to be punished . 
  cars are made to withstand crashes just like that . 
  alonso 's car , when it flipped , could 've hit the barriers in such a way that his head would be exposed, 
  better than a fucking criminal, 
  yeah sure , because trump was the one with all those deleted emails and rigged elections in foreign countries, 
  i agree even though that i 'd say that he would be better off just focusing on driving . 
  trump won because people are sick of establishment . 
  trump is both new to politics and promised to drain the swamp with term limits for everyone , not just the president . 
  if that gets through , he will get rid of career politicians which people do n't like . 
  he also won because he did n't delete 30k emails , did n't try to rig elections in 3rd world countried , and did n't vote for war . 
  well , we just had a vote and we said no , so ... 
  people in here praising him for his talent and how good he is , but the most memorable moment from him in this season is not moving over under blue flags . 
  and he did just that . 
  this is probably picked up from what he said in the press conference ... 
  40 years from now his victory speech is going to start with : `` 40 years ago i stood here with donald ... '', 
  edit : a word, 
  story about calling her friend is probably bullshit , but the point still remains - she will blame everyone but herself . 
  if she was n't such a lying crook , she would 've been a president by now . 
  now she has lost against donald trump . 
  pretty much everyone thought it was a joke when he announced and thought he was going to drop out . 
  they gave him 1 % chance to win republican nomination . 
  when he won it , they still did n't believe he will win , because by that point every democrat and media labeled him as a clown . 
  you can swallow losing to obama , but damn , losing to a rich white male must hurt . 
  people often forget that boring races did n't start with 2014 . 
  they were always there , only that now you only see the best ones from the past over and over again . 
  you ca n't bully your way into changing result of election . 
  these people act like there was no election . 
  jill stein supporters hate hillary . 
  it was never hillary or jill type of situation, 
  i was pissed when kimi crashed out , but i was really glad that it ended with only him in the wall . 
  he could 've taken out half the grid with him . 
  i knew oliver was a prick before the election , but i enjoyed colbert . 
  this election has changed that since like you already said , he linked trump to hitler at every opportunity he got . 
  not a single bad word on hillary though and she has had a lot of shit on her plate . 
   that 's the one difference i can grasp between trump supporters and hillary supporters . 
  right , you 're preaching here how good hillary supporters are while trump supporters are getting beat up by them . 
  you also have people rioting because hillary did n't win . 
  i disagree with trump on a few issues and he 's not the perfect candidate . 
  however , he 's a lot more fit to be in office than hillary . 
  the whole video is bullshit . 
  i just do n't know how anyone but his parents can watch him on the tv . 
  what the fuck ? 
  how can you get away with saying this on tv and not be crucified ? 
  every citizen should be able to vote and that is final . 
  as soon as the first person loses the right to vote , we have all lost it . 
  cnn : you need lobbyists and here is why !, 
  you had the chance , but it was taken away from you !, 
  bernie was robbed and then he robbed all of his supporters with supporting hillary with his endorsement and money you all gave to him !, 
  you ca n't fight against a rigged system with votes . 
  people did come out and voted , but it did n't matter , because hillary got delegates . 
  okay , i thought it was granted that felons can not vote , that 's why i did n't edit the post ... 
  english is n't my first language , so yes , i meant implied . 
  my point still stands , everyone ( except felons ) should be able to vote . 
  ca n't have democracy if you take away voting privilege . 
  i did n't want to look , but i could n't look away either . 
  half the grid could 've crashed together . 
   i 'm competitive , and in the heat of the moment , where the adrenaline is flowing , i can be pretty aggressively vocal . 
  which is a massive departure from my normally humorous attitude . 
  competitive as well and can confirm , adrenaline makes his my bitch . 
  but you see this all over the place . 
  go watch a hockey games . 
  they 'll literally fight each other during games and when it 's over , they 'll shake hands and bro hug . 
  quite a few times it came true and it did n't go so well ... 
  well , most memorable were hungry and silverstone last year where hamilton desperately tried to force an overtake and went off ... 
  what does have to do with hamilton 's race craft ? 
  i 'm going to be honest , i would n't mind having a president who would fight for everything be free . 
  but at the same time , you have to ask yourself , where would this money come from ? 
  and you can bet your ass that the money would come from taxpayers . 
  which it does n't make it free , not in the long shot . 
  t-t-thank you, 
  you 're right in everything you have said . 
  but unfortunately , sjw are idiots and do n't understand this . 
  post from a site , that was shared by the b site and then liked by my friend ... 
  not from , but on . 
  i do n't have time to go on 10 different sites for news . 
  i like them all and when there is something they post it on facebook . 
  vag cheated emission tests and now we 're all paying the price . 
  fuck them . 
  relevance of diesel engines is n't the issue here .
