  can anybody explain to me how exactly are they communicating with kepler that is 75 million miles away from earth ? 
  you 're right that his body should n't shift because of the forces , however you have to feel some sort of pain ... or not ? 
  what 's with the stupid music ? 
  everybody in f1 : mercedes is the most dominant team !, 
  mercedes : ferrari is right behind behind us , we swear !, 
  it 's like a speed bump . 
  what the fuck . 
  lord have mercy , i 'm sure most of the people on this subreddit would be faster . 
  tost has handled many newcomers and if he thinks that verstappen is n't ready , then i take his word for it . 
  if you ask me , it would n't be the worst thing if he stayed in toro rosso one more year . 
  of course that depends a lot on what other teams are doing - ferrari , for instance , is looking for somebody to replace kimi . 
  also true . 
  i 'd like for somebody to ask him at the end of the season . 
  monza probably . 
  i 'd be okay with kyalami track added to the calendar , but not at the expense of some european track that we all love . 
  we already have enough bullshit tracks on the calendar that are there just for the pleasure of people with too much money ( russia , abu dhabi ) . 
  to herbert and his wife : that 's what happens when you talk shit about other people . 
  suck it up , buttercup . 
  why ? 
  f1 is a team sport . 
  you win as a team , you lose as a team . 
  i do n't see a problem here . 
  to be honest , most of the questions were terrible . 
  it did blow up on the social media , so i expected one quick question , but it 's a total non-story . 
   you do n't come back from a public smackdown from a 3x wdc . 
  i keep looking for that smackdown from lewis that you speak of but i see nothing . 
  found anything ? 
  exactly the right bike for people who are on the fence . 
  no way in hell that hamilton manages to get on the podium tomorrow . 
  red bull seems to be in good shape , as well as ferrari . 
  good thing it had n't come off in the pits . 
  but do n't fear , they 'll be penalized , stewards are pretty strict on this . 
  it 's a team sport . 
  you win as a team , you lose as a team . 
  christ almighty . 
  i still remember 2014 season and how they were saying `` mercedes is a german team , of course they 're going to sabotage hamilton so a german driver can win '', 
  then hamilton won the tittle . 
  nice touch with kimi . 
  red bull has great aero , there 's no question about it . 
  but in order for red bull to bring a fight to ferrari they need engine too . 
  i say we should wait a couple of races to see what 's what . 
  not german , but still - everyone and their mother knows about schumacher . 
  * the plot thickens *, 
  at this point even i 'm worried and i 'm just a fan . 
  ferrari seemed like an obvious choice for mercedes killer , but i do n't want ferrari being 3rd on the grid again :(, 
  could you tell me how do you get steering wheel angle from can-bus ? 
  thanks , 
  however , problem i 'm having is that you need to send a request to get back data ( pid 010c for rpm ) from can bus . 
  what pid are you using for steering wheel angle ? 
  obd ii must have standard pid 's for testing ( [ listed here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/obd-ii_pids ) ) , but some are manufacturer specific . 
  what kind of software are you using for data acquisition or does can-bus shield take care of that problem by itself ? 
  oh , i just saw that you 're using arduino can-bus library . 
  can you give me a link to that ? 
  i found a library but i do n't think it 's the right one . 
  sweet lord does this bring memories back, 
   relative to their age it still seems quite a gap ... 
  i was in the same situation . 
  except that i was n't f1 driver and she was a whore . 
  lord yes please, 
  he probably means that he , as an individual , can only do so much . 
  f1 is in crisis , a bit one , and it wo n't be solved by a single person . 
  it ca n't be . 
  i 've traveled half the europe by myself , so all i can say to you is go and have a blast !, 
  you may meet people who are social and will talk to you , but do n't bother if people do n't want to talk . 
  some like to keep to themselves and that 's alright . 
  you do n't have to be a rocket scientist that you figure out how absurd this idea really s. 
  not only is the f1 calendar more or less full ( you ca n't have race every weekend , unless you want teams working non-stop for a season ) , but lower half of the grid would n't be able to afford it . 
  something similar to nhl gamecenter . 
  it 's a great idea really . 
  well , shit . 
  another beer going down . 
  it stared like buying a used car . 
  you 're excited to take it for a spin after not having a car for a year . 
  then shit starts to fall apart and you wish you just would n't buy one . 
  i wake up at 4.30 am to watch them lose . 
  i 'll complain as much as i see fit . 
  still , even if sharks get the best of us , they still suck massive dick . 
  no , do n't sell it . 
  just dump it on the san jose . 
  oh wait , seems like somebody beat us to it . 
  another beer bites the dust . 
  scored a goal aaaaaaand it 's gone, 
  shhh it 's okay, 
  you just triggered me , you sexist pig !, 
  from what i 've heard , mercedes started developing v6t before anyone else did . 
  not sure how much that helped them , but it could n't hurt . 
  it also did n't hurt that ferrari did such a bad job with 2014 car . 
  i mean for crying out loud , that car was just a disaster and they 're still paying the price . 
  toto 's problem is that he 's in the dominating team . 
  even if he 's right , people will see it as if he 's afraid . 
  anyway , my 5 cents on the rule changes is that we should wait until 2018 . 
  most of the teams have financial problems so additional r&d would be tough on them . 
  i sort of understand mclaren ... 
  `` yes '', 
  * chokes up *, 
  this is 2014 again when people fantasized about red bull tittle race . 
  maybe this time they actually will , but i doubt renault can make such big progress with their engine . 
  inb4 double dns, 
  there , everything back to normal , now stop posting . 
  great idea , unless you 're color blind and ca n't see shit .
