  no matter what changes , the car behind will always be at the disadvantage . 
  add to that the fact that they 're both driving what is basically the same car and you can be sure that one of them will get ` stuck behind ' the other . 
  it might be a bad example , but go try it out yourself -  go down to the gokart track , rent a gokart with a friend that can put down lap times similar to yours , get behind him and try to overtake . 
  i 've spent quite a few years in journalism ( first gaming then tech ) and now that i 'm out i ca n't believe how it all changed in the last couple of years . 
  10 years ago if you wanted to be a journalist you had to work for somebody or be really great at what you did to make it on your own . 
  nowadays it 's easier than ever . 
  i think it 's great that we have platforms through which everyone can voice their opinion , but it 's content like this that belittles the whole field . 
  i do n't even think it 's possible to make affective active aero . 
  problem is that f1 cars are engineered down to the last detail . 
  everything on the car is there because it simply has to be . 
  to write software that would be able to improve a car like that would require * a lot * of computing power on the car itself . 
  i 'm a simple programmer so i could be wrong ( and because this is reddit i 'll know why soon enough ) , but it would be interesting to see how big teams would handle this challenge . 
  yes , i have seen quite a few position open for f1 , but i do n't want to apply to those jobs right out of the gate . 
  most of them require you to have a few years experience , so i 'm not exactly a fit candidate . 
  plus , i 'd rather start small and work my way up . 
  we have 2 car shows . 
  i hope they 'll both be great . 
  cringe as fuck , but he did seem genuinely happy so there 's that . 
  well ... damn . 
  i always thought that they needed more software people , do n't know why . 
  if i may ask , how much experience as a mechanic did you have before joining f3 team ? 
  thanks for the advice . 
  looked at it , it 's actually c++ too . 
  might actually try making something on the side , might be fun . 
  i really hope he is . 
  if ferrari ca n't take it home this year , i 'd really like to see rosberg win it for once . 
  100 mbit connection and it loads like i 'm on a dial up . 
  do you maybe work for williams ? 
  i keep seeing their positions . 
  also manor 's . 
  especially because mclaren is n't going to be fighting for championship . 
  fom ca n't do anything and lewis knows it . 
  he 's using his own phone for reaching out to his fans . 
  he 's not breaking any laws . 
  why stop here . 
  let 's ban fans for using their phone during gp weekend or slap them with a fine . 
  scanning through team websites i did find a few job openings . 
  however , i did say before that i 'd rather start somewhere maybe a bit below f1 , because all of the open positions require at least a few years of working somewhere in the industry and i do n't blame them . 
  it 's a competitive field so it comes with the territory . 
  best of luck tomorrow !, 
  maybe , but no way in hell mclaren has the pace for a win , let alone a podium . 
  they might be in the points , but that 's the best they can do . 
  so i really do n't understand alonso and i hope fia sees how stupid it is putting an injured driver in the car . 
  i would n't say it failed that much . 
  it was definitely better than it was in australia , but there was still less action on the track . 
  basically , if you do n't set a really good time on the first try , you 're out . 
  that 's not such a bad thing because even if you have more pace than other guys and mock up the lap you need to gain positions during the race which means more overtaking . 
  but all in all , yes , this format is n't to my liking . 
  hope they revert to last year format for china . 
  yes , there was less action at the end of the session because they all focused on going out as fast as they could . 
  that 's because if you 're 9th you get a free tire choice or something like that , which means that you can go longer without pitting . 
  and you 're right - some drivers did n't even bother going out which is a shame . 
  they need to be fighting for position . 
  he might have to do more than blow some brakes if he wants the job . 
  does anyone have a wallpaper worthy picture ? 
  yeah , they actually are , at first glance i thought that they were not , thanks for the link . 
  i was n't defending the system , just explaining how i see it . 
  as for single lap qualifying - i know last year 's format was the best to date , but i loved those one lap wonders , still go on youtube to watch the sometimes , 
  not to mention that you save the engine while q3 runners get mileage on the engine and q2 tires for the race . 
  it probably wo n't be that good . 
   you want a more entertaining qualifying ? 
  come up with a good idea then . 
  really ? 
  a good idea ? 
  get out with your logic !, 
  i 'm not opposed to change in qualifying format either , but this new format clearly is n't working for anybody so let 's revert to the last one that worked until some better solution comes along . 
  in my opinion , what f1 should do is let the teams stay one or two days longer at one race weekend where they have sort of like testing session for new ideas . 
  or you know , test it in one of the feeder series , but i realize that would be way to sensible for fia and fom . 
  brundle talking to some steward saying how lewis apologized for reversing and that it was ok . 
  next question that brundle asks is about magnussen and he says `` well that 's the regulation '', 
  well regulations say no reversing at any time ... consistency not really there, 
  problem with magnussen is that he did n't know it was for him too . 
  i do n't know how many times it 's happened that they weighted two cars at once . 
  images of text are not as bad , although much worse than text . 
  in a text file , every character is encoded with 8 bits and with something like [ btw ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burrows\u2013wheeler_transform ) you can compress it like crazy . 
  images are a problem . 
  you can get a fairly good compression , but never as good as with text . 
  when dealing with image of a document , you 'll first want to filter the image and convert it to binary . 
  when you have that it 's best to apply [ rle ( run length encoding ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/run-length_encoding ) and [ elias gamma coding ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elias_gamma_coding ) after it to really get the sizes down . 
  like you said , first few laps is where most of the action happens . 
  if fom would n't be so stubborn and release this on their youtube channel regularly it would be better for everybody . 
  for one , sponsors would get more exposure and they would invest more into f1 . 
  i really do n't understand why ferrari does n't split their tire choice like mercedes did . 
  i do n't think they have anything to lose . 
  friend of mine bought hp pavilion at the same time as i bought a toshiba satellite . 
  that was 7 years ago . 
  i still have my toshiba at home , working nicely . 
  there 's a lot of spotlight on their success right now so that 's really good in terms of getting sponsors to pay them more money , 
  what race ? 
  was n't last year testing session ? 
  do n't fool yourself , human eye can only handle 30fps !, 
  you and me both . 
  however , nbc sports did the math and got that ferrari wasted about $ 470 million in 2013 whereas indycar is much more cheaper at $ 15 million for a top team . 
  basically , you could finance the whole grid in indycar for the money ferrari poured into the f1 in 2013 . 
  why are then all console games 30fps instead of 24fps ? 
  it felt like it was missing something . 
  i used to hate him , but damn it , now i ca n't wait for him to upload something new . 
  i discovered one of his videos on youtube and did n't like him . 
  it was n't really hate , but i just could n't stand listening to him . 
  i do n't know why i felt like this , because now i listen to him every race weekend :d,
