yeah , too many variables at play here . 
  it really depends on how much you know about them and how sloppy they 're with their data . 
  just having name and surname could be enough in some cases , since most people have social accounts . 
  you can analyze their profile and go from there . 
  elaborate please , i guess i missed this one . 
  sharks . 
  so , what 's the endgame ? 
  i 'm certain that we will see more and more self driving cars . 
  after all , technology is getting better and better so i guess it 's only a matter of time before someone makes it big . 
  however , there is a problem . 
  i ca n't say how things are in the us , but here in europe roads are n't really that friendly to ideas such as self-driving cars . 
  a lot of roads are n't well marked , there 's also differences between countries , we have `` priority to the right '' rule and just confusing roundabouts . 
  confirmation via e-mail might be enough . 
  man . 
  scraping the bottom of the barrel . 
  that 's what you get this time of the year . 
   while i think pastor is a better driver than people give him credit for, 
  for f1 standards , pastor is average at best . 
  the biggest drawback are all those crashes that he keeps on having . 
  i believe that if it were n't for the crashes , he could be a good second driver to some mid-field team . 
  yes , average . 
  speed is n't everything , especially when you 're not consistent and crashing all the time . 
  fernando did n't get a reputation for being ( arguably ) one of the best drivers on the grid by being inconsistent . 
  got ta love it . 
  this was my first thought when i saw this . 
  because it 's virtual reality , you get real locations and have a goal to kill police which is rendered realistically . 
  i see where their argument might lie , however i still believe that video games ca n't make you a killer . 
  yes , different rules - that goes for highway ( some have highway pass , some have tolls , etc. 
  ) , then you have priority to the right rule and austria has most of their traffic signs on the left side of the road instead of on the right side ( so they use less posts , cheaper this way ) . 
  no problem , i like debating this , 
  i thought about that too and google is already using their maps . 
  which is a great idea . 
  only question is - can you create a system that can adapt as good as human ? 
  deep learning is a thing and you can do amazing stuff with it , but seeing how crazy the traffic is sometimes i just ca n't see it working at this point . 
  maybe i just do n't have enough knowledge on this , maybe it can be done . 
  i think i might be cursed . 
  when they break your doors down they still have to identify , by simply shouting `` police '' . 
  about the first one - sometimes the solution is so simple that you overlooked it . 
  so instead of bashing your head against the wall , ask someone to help you out . 
  someone should make a js library out of this !, 
  but i do n't want it :(, 
  double dnf, 
  also mclelren won , so , yeah, 
  oh man i ca n't fucking wait for f1 to get back, 
  last year it was better than watching comedy central, 
  mclelren breaking down, 
  secondberg choking to kingdom come, 
  chocolate senna getting rekt in monaco was the highlight, 
  then chocolate senna choking hard in the last races, 
  i hope that if ferrari is n't winning that mclelren will be breaking down or chocolate senna starts choking hard, 
  and that 's in a simulator . 
  also , if a restaurant has a public wifi it mostly means that customers can ask for password . 
  i have an optimus g , i 'm still on 4.4.2 . 
  so much about updates . 
  i can already see a post on / r/shittyprogramming where some idiot makes a horrific fuck up with binary literals . 
  am i the only one who does n't see it ? 
  please , someone provide a picture , i 'm colorblind :d, 
   ui have n't been mentioned in any reviews . 
  reviewer here . 
  can confirm , i will only mention ui because it 's either extraordinary or rubbish . 
  latter is more likely though . 
  i do n't think i have ever paid for a mobile game and i do n't feel the need either . 
  i understand that developing games requires money . 
  they have to get it somehow and since putting a price tag of $ 5 on a mobile game is a big turn off , they turn to tactics like this . 
  sadly , i have no power over what goes on in the industry , i can only control what i say . 
  any reviewer worth a damn will go through everything that is good and bad about the game without being nitpicky . 
  as for critic and user ratings - you have to take them with a grain of salt . 
  rating something is hard , it 's much easier to put it in words than numbers . 
  and user ratings are flawed too , because everyone can vote without even playing the game so then you see people rate games with 1 or 10 . 
  wage gap is a myth . 
  i can . 
  reddit in a nutshell . 
  i realize it 's a big and complex decision to buy an f1 team , but they waited too long . 
  lotus was drowning while renault was just watching them with a life ring in their hands . 
  true , but it wo n't be live so they will need a lot less people and equipment . 
  i 've been at austrian test last year . 
  i have n't been to any race weekend apart from the test , so it was my first time seeing f1 cars on the track and it was exciting . 
  however , it was n't anything special . 
  i probably would n't sit in front of a computer all day and watch it . 
  so , yeah , not worth doing a live coverage . 
  he 's like kyle in south park . 
  always with a speech . 
   the show had 12 seasons worth of material planned out . 
  dear lord , please do n't . 
  they may have material for 5 more seasons , but i doubt that they have * quality * material for 5 more seasons . 
  let 's face it , you can only go for so long before you hit `` the wall '' and i think twd is getting really close . 
  of course with ratings like this amc will try to milk the show as much as they can . 
  but does anyone really want to see 5 more seasons of close calls ( i 'm looking at you glenn ) , stupid decisions and dull characters that are there just to feed the zombies ? 
  yeah , i 'd rather have one more good season and end on a high . 
  yeah , i think i stopped watching how i met your mother just before second to last season ended . 
  it 's not that it was a bad show , but it just got a bit boring after so many years . 
  same with twd . 
  it 's like the same things keep happening over and over again - they find a safe haven and it blows up . 
  because of that some people get separated from the group , so we can get more filler episodes dedicated to each character and they 're just stretching everything out . 
  it took them almost half a season to get to alexandria and they moved on in two episodes . 
  anybody who still loves this show , more power to you , but i 'm slowly checking out . 
  okay , in background maybe , but still , most people will just watch the headlights anyway . 
  i 'm programming too and having stuff like that in the background is distracting when you 're really trying to get into programming . 
  maybe sometimes . 
  future is now,
