  heat of the moment , he wanted to get out there as soon as possible because they were also on a very tight schedule . 
  oh stop virtue signalling and get real . 
  it 's much less dangerous what vettel did than what some of the other drivers are doing . 
  for instance , let 's not forget what sainz did in canada . 
  i can already hear them justifying it . 
  `` oh these drivers are under enormous stress and things like this will happen from time to time '' . 
  next day they 'll fish out a couple of instances where senna or someone else did the same thing . 
   therefore full course yellow flag and the safety of every driver and marshal is paramount . 
  so it 's better when they crash at 300 kmh ? 
  still have n't answered my question :, 
   so it 's better when they crash at 300 kmh ? 
  there is n't some silver bullet , it needs to be decided case by case . 
  let 's not forget all the shit maldonado has pulled through the years without getting a ban . 
  so vettel bumping hamilton without anyone getting hurt is worthy of 10 second stop & go , but let 's not get carried away . 
  even if bottas was n't racing anyone it would still be a risky move . 
  it seems like ferrari can follow pretty well and if bottas got in vettel 's drs ... well , let 's just say vettel could jump bottas . 
  i wanted to give an honest chance to indycar , but it was commercial after commercial and i just could n't get through it . 
  no he 's not and he is n't best of the rest . 
  not even close . 
  b-b-b-but vettel has to go to jail and be hanged by the balls !!!!!, 
  screaming `` what are we doing here ? '', 
  with a slight german accent . 
  he would n't have won it anyway . 
  ted wanted to bait toto into pointing fingers and assigning blame , but toto was having none of it . 
  ... and out of these 18 episodes , 15 of them will be filler episodes with nothing much going on while having a cliffhanger at the end . 
  what happened in euroformula is stupid , but lord have mercy , towing a car while there 's race going on around you is plain idiotic on so many levels . 
  they 're banned in hillclimb racing too ( at least in our country ) and i think it is just idiotic . 
  keeping the cost down while putting drivers at risk with cold tires and then they end up crashing . 
  if you want to point fingers , start at the top . 
  because of how things are right now , marshals are volunteers , even in f1 . 
  that means that you have to stand there all day for free and you do n't get much of a training for what to do when things go wrong . 
  volunteers do n't stick around for long either ... 
  it would seem like it , because you only see when they fuck up . 
  you almost never see them doing things right ... 
  safety car or red flag . 
  edit : if you have other options , please , do share . 
  i did too , but that does n't seem to be the case . 
  fia should do something about it , but they probably wo n't until somebody gets hurt or killed . 
  every decision goes through race control , yes . 
  which in f1 is easy since there 's cameras covering every piece of the track , in hillclimb competitions you have to rely on marshals to tell you what is going on . 
  he has , but not because it would be true , but because there 's around 500 people working with mercedes f1 program . 
  morale in the team ca n't be high with ej spewing shit like this and toto is just trying to extinguish this dumpster fire . 
  are people already freaking out ? 
  nope . 
  for me , the best seats are on turn 1 . 
  you see them start , you see them race up to the first corner and then all the way up the hill . 
  you lose them on the straight , but then you see them coming down again . 
  top notch journalism . 
  could n't wish for anything better really . 
  q3 means nothing to alonso if he does n't get on pole and win the race . 
  let 's see how he does in the race , but he might barely snatch a point or two . 
  clever , did you come up with that or did someone help you ? 
  i 'm really tired of this non-story ... asking everyone what he thinks and what we should do ... just move on people . 
  i saw a couple of articles about it , but nothing big though . 
  what proof is even there about this ? 
  do we have pictures ? 
  gon na be a long ass train ride ... is there going to be desert with the dinner on the train ? 
  or two per race weekend if you 're mclaren ... 
  i think they give them the basic map and haas has to figure it out for themselves . 
  if anyone has any in-depth knowledge or articles about this i 'll be happy to read it , 
  so salty . 
  hamilton would 've won if he had n't had headrest problems while vettel would finished sixth instead of winning the race . 
  but vettel is n't responsible for problems hamilton had ... 
  why the fuck are n't we getting reaction times every race for pole sitter ??????? 
  does c4 get commercials during the race ? 
  skyf1 is getting annoying with crofty ... 
  well to be honest , they have shitload of data , but i never thought of it ... 
  you did n't have to . 
  he 's driving against arguably the best driver on the grid and he 's not far of his pace . 
  i 'm sure if he drove against likes of perez , hulkemberg etc. 
  he would do more than fine . 
  like i said , penalty was big enough to swing the championship , but hamilton had some unforeseen problems that made vettel 's punishment weak . 
  not to forget ,, 
  vettel is old fashioned and very private person ( he did n't tell anyone that he got his first child - rosberg was all over the media ) , while hamilton is more modern and very public with everything he does . 
  and water is dry ... wait ... no this is n't how it goes ... 
   voluneer, 
  and this is my biggest problem . 
  i know why you do it , because i do it too , although i do n't do f1 . 
  i do rally , hillclimb , and circuit races . 
  i can understand that you do n't get paid in a low tier rally , because i have organized a few as well and you do n't get paid purely because there 's no money to throw around . 
  however , f1 is generating tons of money and to not give a decent pay to people who do so much for the motorsport is just shameful . 
  ferrari may be my favorite team , but my favorite driver is definitely ricciardo . 
  other drivers just seem like they 're too serious all the time . 
  i still remember the awkward looks vettel got from rosberg and hamilton when he tried cracking a joke ... 
  ricciardo thought of a good joke and paid the reporter for the question . 
  maybe he 'll send him half of the card ... right side of the car is fine . 
  massa should 've given the chance of letting paul come in for the weekend . 
  he damn well knew he was n't fine and now the team is paying for his mistake . 
  if massa said he was n't feeling fine , they would 've pushed di resta in for fp3 . 
  as a kings fan i had to root for the kings ... but part of me was sad that they cut short the last season of teemu :(, 
  with what he has i would bet that he was n't feeling 100 % ... 
  last thing that i saw was that he had same thing as brundle . 
  do n't know if williams denied that . 
  10 seconds for taking out his teammate ... it 's the one driver you do n't want to take out and it was n't intentional ... 
  he did serve it, 
  it is , but ferrari are trying to keep him as a rear gunner for vettel ... 
  magnussen did what he promised ... you do n't move away for me , i do n't move away for you ... 
  i can get behind this ... why not take out bot and ves too and alonso takes the win ? 
  renault would n't waste test days on someone who is n't showing the potential to get into that seat . 
  so , as you 've said - if he nails it , he 's in .
