  huh , i completely forgot about hamilton 's move on raikkonen where hamilton just divebombed . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqhg256arrc ), 
  vivaldi might be a great option . 
  firefox is great because you can sync everything between mobile and linux . 
  just kimi and his luck . 
  that 's a little more complicated , but even so - they still have to prove you did it . 
  and i do n't see how they can prove dui without you having alcohol in your blood . 
  i 've watched this move . 
  it was ... unbelievable . 
  good idea . 
  but it seems to me that hamilton would just slide the car sideways so he cross the line first . 
  mclaren keys would probably have taxi button on them too . 
  but who has psychological advantage ? 
  of course they would work . 
  this all falls under the active aero and it 's lovely to see when it 's done right . 
  however , to do it right on an f1 car it would take months and millions of dollars which is why it is banned . 
  zebras are n't lewis hamilton so it ca n't be . 
  afaik , if they charge you with something like this they have to take your blood or give you a breathalyser test . 
  i 'm not in the us , so i do n't know how it works there , but it sure does work like this in my country . 
  which means that it 'll be an inconvenience , but you 'll prove them wrong . 
  well , call me an ungrateful cunt , but i do n't care . 
  it 's a good marketing move since it 's british gp and all , so they 'll get more than a few new subscribers , but i certainly wo n't be subscribing . 
  they 're certainly not that good that i 'd pay for them . 
  `` lap one ... '', 
  at least he 's not crashing . 
  have n't seen him up lately on / r/formula1 , is he banned ? 
  and not nearly rich enough to get him to come to any other events you might have . 
  there 's millions of other things you can do on a date . 
  jesus christ this sounds terrifying . 
  unbelievable . 
  good view . 
  in austria if you sit on the turn one you see almost whole track . 
  you see start/finish straight , you see them go up the hill and when they come down the hill . 
  thank you very much for this . 
  there are couple of thousand samples , but nothing that big that my pc could n't handle , 
  if you gain advantage , they delete your lap . 
  you have to stay on track . 
  still did n't exceed track limits . 
  on the last lap ? 
  i think so , but i do n't know which corner it was and if he actually gained advantage ... 
  ted : `` anyway , about that psychological advantage ... '', 
  in other news , water is wet . 
  sounds like a very good deal for everyone so this could happen . 
  renault get to borrow a very good driver to help them with getting more points and development of the car . 
  str gets a cheaper engines and a free seat to test new talent . 
  and since rb only borrowed him to renault , they can call him back if verstappen-ricciardo does n't work out for some reason . 
  quick question : can you go racing on the track or is it just for kids ? 
  i much rather see deleted times than curbs that are straight up dangerous . 
  for all the shit i give mclaren , i must admit - last season would be boring if it were n't for them . 
  you can do a complete redesign of your engine in the off season and mclaren had more tokens because they were a new entry . 
  either way , i think honda came back to f1 a year too early . 
  yeah , it would be really great for competition if red bull would 've gotten those mercedes engines . 
  however , mercedes is n't stupid . 
  this sounds reasonable and good . 
  which is why they wo n't do it . 
  and people thought that wdc fight was already over when nico had ~ 50 point lead . 
  things in f1 chance so very quickly . 
  that 's because alonso is jesus . 
  he can drive on gravel . 
   massive understeer, 
  checks out . 
   $ 25,000 a month in addition to financing her mortgage , 4 cars , and attorny 's fees . 
  what the fuck ? 
  $ 25,000 per month . 
  for how long ? 
  and why ? 
   love the comments . 
  `` but he could have just fought him to the ground ! '' . 
  yes , because police officer is going to get himself involved in a street fight and hope he comes out on top . 
  tazer would be the middle ground , but i get that these situation are complicated . 
  laugh all you want , even paintball or airsoft can be a good exercise . 
  main thing is that people shoot back . 
  choco senna almost crashed into safety car though, 
  ham news f1 made the rain happen so that choco senna would #bless us with his skill or driving in the wet and leaving ~ ~ 2ndberg ~ ~ 3rdberg behind, 
  waffle senna schooling everyone on the grid, 
  mercedes pr going into overdrive ~ ~ ferrari ~ ~ red bull closer than ever really scary guise seriously !!!!!!, 
  fettle spinning around in silverstone thinking he still in 2013 red bull doing donuts after a win, 
  skyf1 would go into overdrive, 
  `` i 'm just gon na divebo ... oh shit '', 
  as someone who likes to laugh and shitpost about lewis ... 
  i 'd have to take a day off from work . 
  go cry me a river . 
  i would donate away my money before i 'd give it to her ... 
  i think it 's one of the most honest things he ever said . 
  googled both , de silvestro is definitely much much cuter . 
  dear lord , quotas would probably be the end of f1 . 
  right now you have hundreds if not thousands of drivers trying to climb the ladder to f1 where there is only room for the 22 best of the best . 
  sure , there are some pay drivers , but even they need to show some talent . 
  quotas would take away this exclusivity and give way to drivers who are n't talented but of certain gender or race . 
  i think f1 is too big for this to happen . 
  i hope at least ... 
  talent is the only thing that needs to count when picking a driver . 
  race or gender should n't matter . 
  was chilton that bad though ? 
  i do n't remember him being that bad . 
  he certainly is n't on [ insert your best driver ] 's level , but i thought he did pretty decent , considering that he had a dog of a car and managed to get into 107 % of pole sitter 's time . 
  i may be wrong though , feel free to correct me :d, 
  i know , did n't say they had , that 's why i 'm asking if chilton was really that bad ... 
  carmer is mostly there for publicity and probably wont get a drive anywhere . 
  as for talent before anything else ... dont know how nascar works but f1 is much tougher to get into,
