  either way , i do n't see the point in articles like this . 
  no point in crying over spilled milk 2 years later , but if you need clicks on your website ... 
  i like to think it would be very similar to the mercedes and williams . 
  they would be close , but not close enough to be any real threat . 
  well it works . 
  same with that last minute hot fix i did on my code . 
  it was just dreadful , but it worked . 
  yeah , it was second part of 2013 season where vettel won every race and by a large margin too . 
  but other than that , it was n't that bad , because like you said , 2010 and 2012 had a more than one wdc contender up until the last race . 
  last ? 
  so you 're dead now ? 
  what personality ? 
  if he cuts his hair i 'm sure he looks just like michael scofield . 
  excited ... but does that mean that the first season after this is going to be awesome , then just goes downhill from there ? 
  having one idiot saying this is n't an issue . 
  but getting 200 + people to agree with this opinion ... eeeh, 
  anyone know if she 's single ? 
  looks awesome , thanks , 
  it does n't matter what you say , if they respect you , they 'll listen and agree . 
  imo , it looks hideous , but i 'm all for it if it can save lives . 
   are we on the same internet ? 
  yours sounds waay nicer . . 
  maybe not so much on the internet , but in reality , it definitely applies . 
  try telling a really funny joke to somebody who does n't like you . 
  @ 1:45 just after the slow motion somebody yells `` kebab '', 
  of course there would be no copyright infringement or imposing as the other site . 
  design would be different , content would be unique etc. 
  the only similarity would be the nature of websites and of course the name . 
  i identify as an attack helicopter , but if i was human , my reaction would be something like this . 
  i think it 's absolutely hilarious . 
  billions of dollars worth of technology , just to watch some guy stroking his dick . 
  also , they do n't even have to use that , they can just turn on camera on your laptop , kinect or even a phone . 
  the irony is strong with this one . 
  lewis and nico are paid to drive , not to make strategy calls . 
  they already pay people to do that and they have all the data at hand too . 
  i 'm open to see how they handle this . 
  my guess is they might hear them out as long as mercedes wo n't lose points over it . 
  i do understand the issue with not being able to overtake somebody with the same car as you . 
  anybody who went gokarting probably knows this frustration . 
  anyway , letting lewis and nico go on a separate strategies wo n't fix the issue either . 
  what they need to do for 2017 is make cars that are easier to follow . 
  got ta get those clicks !, 
  where i come from , even fake kidnapping will get you arrested . 
  seriously . 
  if you have espn ... some of us do n't live in the states . 
  is anyone else watching on espn and wish they would see something other than fucking commercials, 
  i 'm sorry , i heard a lot of good stuff about indycar but i 'm just not seeing it . 
  monaco is great imo . 
  and yes , races are different , might give it one more chance . 
  well , if we 're playing favorites - [ my favorite ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dy0ii.png ) . 
  yeah , i was looking for a polo a while back , then i decided not to . 
  you pay way too much for it and you look like a billboard in those things . 
  my advice - just buy a nice shirt or polo and give it to someone to print a team logo on it . 
  expensive clothes do n't go hand in hand with quality . 
  i heard a guy mention that he bought a t-shirt at half-price for $ 60 . 
  do n't fool yourself , prices are jacked up . 
  this is such an obvious circlejerk article that it 's hard to watch . 
  with that being said , i do have to contribute my $ .05 and say that i think vettel really is a better driver . 
  he does mistakes , but he 's more calm under pressure , unlike hamilton . 
  rewatch last year 's hungary and silverstone and you 'll see . 
  anyway , all this talk is just talk . 
  what i 'd really like to see is vettel challenging hamilton for the tittle . 
  she had a lot of screen time in the previous episode too and by the way things were going for her in this episode i honestly thought that they were going to kill her . 
  her story is definitely coming to a stop this season . 
  some countries in europe have a system that you can work off your debt . 
  there are a few rules of course and you 're assigned community work . 
  some help with disabled children , some work in shelters etc. 
  that car was too slow to fight with anyone , not just the top drivers . 
  but it was alright , because they were so bad that it was funny and they really made the season better . 
  of course vettel made mistakes , that 's why i said so myself . 
  however , if we focus on hamilton - in hungary it was his own fault because he wanted to force an overtake on rosberg and he ended up going wide . 
  same thing happened in silverstone when he wanted to pass the williams . 
  he was constantly overshooting and locking up , but that time he did end up winning so ... 
  for a driver who was suppose to be calm under pressure , he did n't look like it . 
  true , he did end up winning , but the way he was driving in the beginning ... yeah . 
  watch his attempts at overtaking williams . 
  somebody call ea, 
   yeah , games will be a streaming service running on azure . 
  we 're still like 5 years from that though . 
  no , they wo n't . 
  internet speeds are too low for something like this to work really well and since everyone is fantasizing about that 1080p @ 60fps ... well do the math and you 'll see why you just ca n't have that until you double internet speeds . 
   many , many , companies have gambled on cloud gaming in the past - it 's always died because not enough people have high speed internet . 
  that 's what i 've been trying to tell you . 
  once when most of the population has a steady and fast fiber connection , then i 'm sure it will work just fine . 
  everybody needs to chill . 
  you ca n't force people to work in fields they do n't like . 
  i do n't see people losing their minds about male nurses . 
  it was n't one overtaking attempt . 
  it was attempt after attempt of trying to force the overtake and it just did n't happen . 
  anyway , i hope that hamilton finaly gets some competition close to him so we can see how calm he is when he 's under pressure . 
  let 's just wait and see until hamilton gets some real competition for the tittle . 
  rosberg more or less just handed it to him . 
  i clicked on it and said to myself `` wait brain stahp '' but it was too late . 
  what 's more impressive is that this is the worst team on the field . 
  we 're 2 days away from a race . 
  let 's just wait and see . 
  i hope they make it . 
  let me dream !!!, 
  jup , i was watching indycar last weekend on us channel . 
  i was watching 30 minutes around from lap 50 and they had commercials most of the time .
