  same goes for all those races in the desert , baku , and sochi . 
  i guess somebody has to pay for the races to happen and those people have enough money that they can make it happen . 
  good news for sauber maybe , but one team will still go home empty handed and that is not good news for f1 as a whole . 
  they really need to rethink the whole distribution of prize money , but as long as strategy group will have a say in it , there wo n't be any changes . 
  giving more money to teams at the back would result in a more competitive field all around . 
  nobody wants to see hamilton lapping manor for the 4th time . 
  i would n't want my kids to hear swearing on tv , but if it happen 's there 's not really anything you can do . 
  it 's not like kids can un-hear the words . 
  i lost it like paul di resta that day . 
  even though it 's a bit ironic , i can see the beauty in it and those cracks make it look even better . 
  some deeper meaning sort of stuff that i ca n't put into words . 
   he pays bernie something like $ 40 million for the privilege . 
  exactly my point . 
  this is bigger than just feminism . 
  did he think it was the end of the race ? 
  that might actually be true in a few races ... 
  but who has psychological advantage , back to you ted, 
  yeah , but tyrant is n't going to do that . 
  as for got ... 
  i almost missed that moment . 
  reached to get my beer and i just looked back up at the last second :d, 
  if i was a betting man , i 'd put my money on bassam staying in power . 
  show is called tyrant and it seems to revolve around bassam so who knows . 
  sorry but this looks like beer league racing . 
  you have a track , the track has white lines on both sides and you should stay inside those lines . 
  it 's part of a challenge . 
   he 's a total meme and sort of a loser , but he 's hardly cruz-levels of rat . 
  is it weird that i miss him getting cucked by the trump ? 
   super-confident , clever , charismatic guy . 
  you forgot handsome . 
  there were actually two blondes . 
  probably why he thought it that . 
  unbelievable . 
  in europe we basically have no borders as it is . 
  you can move freely without anyone stopping you from one country to another . 
  fair point . 
  i 'm no advocating for borer free world . 
  far from it . 
  she probably had something written down because she knew those question were going to be asked . 
  she had to prepare . 
  but she ca n't come up with anything good enough to dig her way out of this . 
  my kind of party . 
  we had a small farm when i was growing up . 
  cows , pigs , chickens ... either way , cows shit a ton compared to chickens , but nothing smells as horrible as chicken shit . 
  holy fuck . 
   natural and flowing, 
  of course , newey designed the car that way . 
  ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ out, 
  ves is a washout that will never win a race !!!!!, 
  am i doing this right guise ? 
  yyou 're just like my wife when i try to cook !!!!!, 
  i really hope you 're doing it doggy style so both can watch him . 
  when the god emperor takes office and lowers tax he will be able to afford one . 
  golf , for instance , is a sport . 
  it is difficult , i 'll admit that , but just because it 's difficult it does n't mean it 's a sport . 
  bruce jenner do n't do this !, 
  these are not the crowds i remember when i went there . 
  showing yet again that reddit is nowhere near fit to call itself `` front page of the internet '' . 
  for me it was really great . 
  i had a press card so they allowed me to get in the front of the line without waiting . 
  they also had some cool stuff behind the doors so it was n't bad . 
  might go next year again . 
  last time i was there ( 2009 ? ), 
  there was a lot of people even on press day . 
  on saturday it was even crazier . 
  i ` interviewed ' a guy who was standing in line for some game that i ca n't remember and he said he was basically waiting for 3 hours . 
  meaning that you could effectively play only a couple of games per day , which is crazy . 
  no , no , no !, 
  you 're doing it wrong !, 
  you need to re-route your ip address through at least 5 countries and double encrypt your connection with rsn32 . 
  it 's not that far fetched really . 
  by analyzing the code you could potentially find out who wrote the code although i question how successful the program would be . 
  saying that it 's a fingerprint ... well not exactly , but you have to dumb it down so people understand . 
   they would lose legitimacy in my eyes . 
  in my eyes , they would look like beer league and definitely not the best of the best . 
  because putin wants it so . 
  so sad . 
   ca n't maintain bowel control , needs diapers . 
  a what now ? 
  link please , missed this one . 
  must be the patriarchy . 
  any projects in mind ? 
  i might be very interested come september . 
  i blocked any content from buzzfeed a long time ago . 
  when they share something every post has a dropdown menu on the right side . 
  you click that and it gives a few options - unfollow , block person or the website . 
  two things everyone needs to remember :, 
  1 ) not every race is going to be an instant classic . 
  2 ) more overtaking does n't equal better show . 
  sympathy vote ... it would be idiotic to vote for somebody who is n't healthy , but i see how it could happen, 
  some people ca n't be bought . 
  it 's not bad if you use it the right way . 
  fernando knows he did his best . 
  he takes every car to the limit and it 's a shame that so many times he has gotten a car that was so inferior to his driving skill . 
   ~ ~ millions ~ ~ billions of years of evolution, 
  but it 's only 2016 :( / s, 
  sundays yes , but did n't he outqualify wehrlein a few times ? 
  got to count for something . 
  no , you do n't , but it still shows that he was n't that bad . 
  now where did you get that idea ?
