  what if it crawls ? 
  he already got a chance in the red bull and did n't make it . 
  why would they put him in again ? 
  renault sandbagging hard !, 
  hence nato . 
  za internet s televizijo imam na t2 30 $ , za telefon pa 15 $ na telemach . 
  toto bothers me the least at mercedes . 
  knowing where he comes from , it makes me happy seeing him run a successful team . 
  so let me get this clear . 
  left says that all men are rapists , but now they want to allow men into women 's bathrooms . 
  something does n't add up guys . 
  but it 's only 3 hours ?!? 
  at least he did n't get overly political on his channel , telling people who to vote for . 
  he flat out refused to support either of the candidates and people were shitting on him for that . 
  i liked it . 
  that 's because you 're looking at this as a fan , not as a team principal . 
  for the fans it was great , most of the people love drama in f1 , but for everyone at mercedes it was pain in the ass . 
  they had to review what happened , why it happened , whose fault it was , and what can they do to avoid this sort of thing in the future etc. 
  not to mention that there was also some physical damage to both of the cars and i would n't be surprised if the damage was somewhere around half a million . 
  as far as i remember he was n't exactly rich and made it on his own as a businessman . 
  he also had a dream of becoming a race car driver , but just was n't fast enough so it was really tough on him leaving the sport . 
  force india has the ugliest sail , ferrari somehow makes it work with the coloring . 
  people try to drift everywhere . 
  it 's good time , right up until the point where it is n't . 
  make slovenia great !, 
  but i thought he was taking orders from russia ? 
  * sigh * i am now, 
  car blowing up on the parking lot of some top secret organization ... yeah , unlikely . 
  but we all knew he was a dead man once he said `` tell you all in person '', 
  ftfy, 
  i wonder , what did he know about hillary ? 
  it 's for dramatic purposes . 
  mclaren ca n't * afford * to pay attention without any sponsors . 
  ne , hvala . 
  everyone thinks that and if red bull is being so secretive they probably found something special and want to keep competition in the dark as long as possible . 
  if they show up with totally new car in melbourne it will take weeks before mercedes and ferrari can copy what they did while they take home a couple of victories . 
  `` but christians are just as bad '', 
  well at least they do n't push gay people off rooftops . 
   the best thing would be just talking to a muslim in the us . 
  they fucking hate isis and saudi arabia . 
  well i do n't know about you but i 've heard a lot of imams that praise isis and you also have a lot of sympathizers . 
  when people at the top of the religion do n't see gays as people and want to kill them , it 's a problem . 
  you say that not all muslims are like that and i believe you , but even if we 're talking about only 20-30 % being radical muslim terrorists the number is in hundreds of millions . 
  that 's the problem . 
  honestly , what is he doing here ' ? 
  i really do n't see why this is in r/wtf . 
  no he does n't . 
  some of you seem to think that toto is running a lemonade stand . 
  toto is going to do what 's best for the team and if bottas is n't performing as well as he should , he 's as good as gone . 
  does someone know if those posters come without the text ? 
  they 're awesome , but i 'd just like them without text , 
  that 's interesting to know . 
  either way , every team has weekly briefings and after canada i 'm sure kimi knows and has been told how things are . 
  mathematically he 's still in the game , but realistically , there 's no way that he gets ahead of vettel and wins the championship . 
  it 's been 10 years since kimi won last tittle for ferrari and with mercedes getting closer and closer i 'm sure they have discussed everything . 
  trust me , it 's not that simple . 
  you could make a program that just calculates the offset - where you predict the cars will be once you start your hot lap ( after out lap ) in optimal conditions . 
  however , nothing that simple wo n't bring you to glory in f1 , so you 'd need a much more complex program with at least one or two people actively looking for optimal time to get out . 
  worst case for q1 is 20 cars with 4 states - out lap , hot lap , cool down lap , in lap . 
  out lap is simple , but after that 's is anyone 's guess . 
  they could go directly for hot lap , but how many hot laps will they make ? 
  maybe hot lap - cool down lap - hot lap - in lap ... 
  what happens when things do n't go according to plan - yellow flags , other drivers backing up because they realized they 'll hit traffic , abandoned hot laps , ... 
  this only makes sense if hamilton is going to leave the team . 
  i ca n't imagine vettel and hamilton playing nice with each other . 
  bottas so far has been good to work with ( from what we 've seen ) and has n't been causing drama . 
  plus , he 's fast enough for a # 2 driver . 
  do n't you think it 's strange that not a single team on the grid has such software available ? 
  it 's not that easy to implement something that works well with so many unknowns . 
  last year people were panicking too and nothing happened . 
   i fail to see how alonso has the upper hand . 
  why would n't he ? 
  all he wants to do is to win another championship and mclaren is dead last in constructors . 
  honda breaking so much , they should get kit-kat as sponsor . 
   it 's the support series pitlane ,, 
  pitlane entry should n't be at the end of a straight ... same goes for baku , but fia somehow allows it ... 
  really ? 
  you do n't see a problem with a car coming with 330 kmh toward pitlane entry ? 
  fernando has two options for wdc in close future - mercedes or ferrari . 
  renault will still take time , although they could surprise next year , but that 's a big doubt . 
  renault with kubica ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ pls, 
  they do win a lot of races , but their dominance is also their problem - they barely get on tv during the race . 
  mercedes might stay a couple of years longer just so they embarrass ej, 
  unless somebody from mercedes/ferrari confirms this , i do n't but it . 
  especially not in ferrari case . 
  i did and the pit entry is really badly designed . 
  yes but going off throttle is like steping on brake in a normal car . 
  sky will sky, 
  unfortunately , it was n't on pure pace , but he was superb all weekend long . 
  you people need to chill . 
  10 second stop and go is more than enough , maybe even too much considering nothing happened , but most of you act like he killed someone and want him banned for life . 
  felt like he was going to start crying . 
  edit : there is n't enough downvotes in this world for me to delete my comment . 
  well , vettel could 've won the race if he did n't bump into him , so let that sink in ... 
  like vettel and hamilton were ever friends to begin with . 
  did n't they pull him into the garage before the red flag ? 
  so they should pull him out of the garage and work there ? 
  skyf1 going to hold 24/7 special on why lewis is the best and how ferrari mechanic needs to be stoned . 
  it is and what exactly is the problem ?
