  red bull saw how shitty their 2014 pu was and it they could n't shut up about it and that was after 4 championship years . 
  if teams would go around firing people just because they messed up at a single race we would have new grid every gp weekend . 
  it does n't work this way , but people will still talk . 
  it seems like red bull has a problem of too many good drivers . 
  how awkward would it be if they asked sainz ? 
   the win was on . 
  yeah ... no . 
  again , no it was n't . 
  rosberg could drive slower because he was leading the race . 
  he was n't the one playing catch up , like hamilton was . 
  and while hamilton was destroying his tires , rosberg was saving them . 
  it 's a noun that could also describe honda 's engine . 
  i mostly enjoy skyf1 , but lately it seems like it 's all lewis . 
  they barely mentioned vettel-kvyat incident . 
  imagine if kvyat hit hamilton ... 
   yet this prick still insists on calling anybody who disagrees with him a racist, 
  i 've watched a lot of his talks and not once has he called somebody racist ... 
  what the hell does that mean ? 
  he jokes about how he likes to fuck black guys , but that 's not racist . 
  either way , every q&a session he tries to answer the questions as best as he can , but he ca n't called anyone racist , yet . 
  he may offend some people , but that 's not racism . 
  you 've gone from ` racist ' to ` regressive ', 
  he 's not either . 
  and the only people he has a grudge against are muslim and they 're not race so ... 
  well ... shit . 
   holy shit !, 
  what the fuck are you smoking ??? 
  ( shut up and take my money because i need some of that in my life ), 
  you probably have some of that in your life based on your post . 
  i agree that verstappen might be a bit hyped up , but you ca n't rate drivers based on how many races it took them to get their first win . 
  all those drivers you have listed are best of the best . 
  no doubt about it . 
  but driving talent can only get you so far , you also need a car that will match your talent . 
  and right now tr definitely is n't capable of winning , no matter who you put in the car . 
  best was somewhere around 230, 
  average was about 250, 
  not bad , i did a couple of runs , number seemed to get down with each try . 
  you 're not an iphone !, 
  jokes aside , your work is really amazing . 
  the only reason why cod fans will buy the new cod iw is because they 'll get cod4 remastered . 
  that 's what i got from reading a few comments on my fb wall at least . 
  woah , it 's been 12 years ? 
  not all of them , but a lot of them will . 
  i know a total cod fanboy who defended cod games like they 're the holy grail of gaming , but he 's tired of them and will buy iw just for cod4 remastered . 
  i 'm up for banning them . 
  too many sources these days anyway , we wo n't be missing a thing . 
  jup , people who want to generate traffic for their own site ... 
  wo n't alfa romeo bring in their own drivers ? 
  or ferrari for that matter . 
  even so , they look at more than just results . 
  exactly . 
  people forget that teams have gb of data from each race weekend . 
  with some dedicated software they can easily see how their drivers are doing . 
  it 's amazing what you can achieve when you 're hyped as the second coming of senna . 
  next thing he 's going to tell us is how his wife was upset . 
  this hurts to read . 
  17 races to go !, 
  do n't like it either . 
  i also do n't like the run to the t1 . 
  shit hits the fan on lap one every year . 
  it 's nice to get that perspective . 
  brundle does breakdowns of pole laps , [ massa 's lap in malaysian gp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j7hcjsroiw ) for instance . 
  like bill burr said : `` it 's like me writing a book ' 3rd trimester and what to expect ' '', 
  it just baffles me how feminists lose their mind when they hear a woman wants to be a housewife . 
  they just do n't get that some women really do want that kind of life . 
  in reality , having a choice to be a housewife and taking it is the real privilege . 
  because you get to spend more time and energy on our family , instead of working some dead end job . 
  trust me , it sounds great on paper when they say `` you can be what you want !, 
  '' , but in reality there are a lot more people who work long hours for miserable pay and at jobs they do n't want . 
  i 'd stay home too if i could and not because it would be easier . 
  it simply comes down to priorities and for me , family is important . 
  a lot of people regret working too hard and not spending more time with their family and loved ones . 
  i do n't know of anyone who would rather do the opposite . 
  it does n't help that you deny that feminism has a problem with fighting stupid battles while ignoring the real injustice happening to people around the world . 
  favorite part of the episode . 
  they meet in the ventilation shaft of all the places . 
  one trying to break out , one in . 
  i must admit , even with the plot armor the show is still top notch . 
  we have only 10 episodes until the end of the series . 
  i 'd rather see they spend time on other plots . 
  the only race kimi won in 2014 . 
  and you 're ? 
  i do n't get what 's the point of your post , apart from degrading women ? 
  it is mra subreddit , but still ... 
  that 's not even the best part . 
  the best part is that the interviewer split this one interview into 17 different videos . 
  what the fuck . 
  why ? 
  what would be the point ? 
  i do n't see any use for vettel at this conference , all he had to say was in his post race interview . 
  noticed that too . 
  ouch . 
  is it weird that i like sainz a lot more than verstappen ? 
  daniil seems like he 's on the edge of the tears . 
  can you blame him ? 
  why does everyone think that after all that 's happened vettel would want to trash kvyat ? 
  there was n't going to be any drama . 
  believe me , what happened is behind them , they 're not going to hold the grudge and they most certainly talked about it on the phone . 
  after the fifth question it got a bit boring , but of course the questions kept coming . 
  kvyat answered the best that he could at this time , i 'm sure when he switches teams he will tell us more , because he said that they told him a few interesting things that he would like to keep to himself , for now .
