  you do n't need the sensors , they have cameras everywhere . 
  import official calendar for f1 into your phone . 
  i have it for 2 years now and it 's great . 
  it updates automatically from season to season and i get notification 30 minutes before the start of a session . 
  i was playing outside in the sandbox and came in . 
  the tv was on and my mom was visibly upset and i look at the tv just in time to see the second plane hit the tower . 
  i was 9 and did n't quite understand , but i remember it like it was yesterday, 
  we dont have to ban alcohol for everyone . 
  some of us drink responsibly ... mostly . 
  you do sign a waiver . 
  it 's called adulthood and there 's no backing out . 
  to do what ? 
  download . ics file at the bottom of this page and import into your google calendar ... if you use that ... 
  that reason might be that they will save one pitstop in a race . 
  hamilton has to start on ultra softs from q2 ... so i think it 's better to start on super softs , have a longer stint and make one more pitstop . 
  reinforce suspension ... this is f1 , it 's not that simple . 
  either way , i think they 're dangerous . 
  drivers should keep off them because they 're far enough off the track , but i still think they 're dangerous if you run wide . 
  seb and kimi put their best time on super soft , not ultras . 
  mercedes has ultras . 
  people seem to be forgetting that mclaren only qualified this high because of track drying up . 
  it 'll be a good day if mclaren stays in the points today , but they do n't have any real chance of winning this . 
  wonderboy fucking up with reversing ... oh well, 
  mclaren will win , they said, 
  ... 8th lap and mclaren already falling back, 
  that he did , i 'll admit that , some people were fantasizing about mclaren winning today . 
  ca n't blame them , i 'd like to see mclaren winning too , but they 're not there yet . 
  is n't mag speeding in the pitlane every race ? 
  wtf, 
  `` maximum attack '', 
  inb4 engine blowout, 
  can we stop for a second and appreciate how tight the midfield teams are ? 
  damn nice to see, 
  every race i wonder why the fuck do i still watch f1 on skyf1 ... wtf it 's like listening to teenagers who got their lolly taken away, 
  jesus christ skyf1 turning up their brains to 100 % to think of a way how mercedes gives win to hamilton, 
  yes , but do they have it with them ? 
  hahahahaha rosberg out before hamilton skyf1 going to lose it, 
  kimi just flew away, 
  hulk from 2nd to retirement ... shame really : /, 
  jules was the last driver to get them points ... ... . . :|, 
  i used to love ted . 
  his development corner and notebooks were great , but lately he 's just talking nonsense . 
  what the hell ted , get your shit together . 
  thank you veri mach, 
  ted , drop it , please . 
  toto is starting to get tired of sky 's shit . 
  but the thing is , lewis did turn into nico . 
  nico ran wide because of brake problems , but lewis still turned into him . 
  okay , so ? 
  he wanted to tell ted to go fuck himself , but he found an ounce of restraint and told him he was wrong . 
  because they almost sent down ted to tell toto and mercedes strategists how to do their job . 
  yeah , yesterday i saw him behind playing with those microphones and i was just waiting for him to sniff it . 
  thank you vary mach, 
  it 's a dick move , but you ca n't really blame lewis , because there was no downside to it . 
  nico moved away and he gained a couple of seconds on him . 
  how slow or damaged does a car have to be that it is okay to pass it ? 
  oh boy , here come the conspiracies . 
  somebody get skyf1 on the case !, 
  [ crofty screaming loud words ], 
  for damaged car or causing a collision ? 
  skyf1 , take notes , this is how you conduct an interview . 
  also , op , you da real mvp !, 
  people are mad because it does n't really change anything . 
  but some people would be happy only if rosberg was burned alive for his crimes . 
  watch sky interview again . 
  ted was asking stupid questions about moral obligation to get lewis back in front while will raised good questions about team orders and how to continue from here . 
  wow . 
  i might start buying cars and reselling them to women . 
  everyone should get fucked over by salesmen !, 
  it 's not that they 'll rip you off , but the prices that they put up are n't final . 
  you can talk your way into a discount almost everywhere . 
  it mostly depends on the salesman . 
  i got parking sensors and extra set of rims with snow tires for my car . 
  why ? 
  because he knew i did n't need to buy a car * that * day at * his * place . 
  i could literally walk across the street and buy another car if i wanted . 
  i feel like this second part of the season might finally be the tipping point to hamilton rosberg duo . 
  they were n't getting along before , now it 's worse than ever . 
  let 's see what silverstone brings . 
  hamilton dnf and rosberg win with ferrari 2nd and 3rd would be perfect . 
  if you 'd be 7/10 movie , i 'd be settling for you because i ran out of better movies . 
  it 's hard to separate work from personal life . 
  fighting for a championship takes a toll on a friendship . 
  so when they catch you you just act stupid and get away with it ? 
  til, 
  people think there will be drama if they put them on there next to each other , but in reality , both drivers would prepare for the press conference and what to say . 
  we would n't hear nothing new . 
   valtteri bottas ( williams ), 
   romain grosjean ( haas ), 
  well , except for those three . 
  oh , my bad . 
  my girlfriend always sits on her legs and it looks like she 's nesting . 
  one of those thin privilege things . 
  `` but there is no denying ... the heavy burden '' * zooms in on his face *, 
  how can they slap you with a dui if you 're sober ? 
  i was thinking the same thing , but the truth is - there is a very small number of people who buy into this rape culture and feminism shit . 
  but they have an advantage of being vocal and people film them and put on the internet . 
  you do n't see people on youtube shamed for having a rational opinion . 
  it was a great battle indeed . 
  alonso really squeezed every millisecond out of that shitbox .
