  what is the issue is that on top of vw and audi pulling out of wrc and wec there are 30.000 people getting laid off at vw factories . 
  that is huge . 
  and do n't tell me it 's not because they lost hundreds of millions as a result of their own greed . 
  i have watched clarkson do stupid things for nearly a decade of my life , but never have i seen so much horror on his face . 
  because money from rich sheiks ? 
  one of the best moments of the episode, 
  silly season already started by the time we got checkered flag in melbourne , 
  button , classy as ever . 
  it 's scary that a little bit over half the country is even dumber , since you know , hillary got the popular vote . 
  he went from `` i 'm going to make an example out of you and then show it to other students ! '', 
  to `` i 'm bury this so deep nobody is going to hear about it ! '', 
  [ te\u017ek je re\u010dt ] ( http://meme.si/media/created/g6g80s.jpg ), 
   delivering projects on time and on budget . 
  excuse me , i think you meant to say `` ahead of time and under budget '', 
   some people of course will judge ( as always ) , but nobody will be confrontational about it, 
  typical slovene basically :d, 
  `` sir ... you got the job ... and my wife ! '', 
  beard looks spot on !, 
  if they do n't give you the job for having a beard they 're just jealous , 
  crofty : rosberg just a tad in front , do n't know what that means ... 
  ted : mercedes must be thinking how can they get hamilton back ahead, 
  i do n't think he was depressed , i think it was something else but correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  let 's not forget how good williams team was in two of the previous seasons . 
  they came out of nowhere and took the 3rd place two years in a row . 
  with those baby legs of his i do n't doubt it for a second :d, 
  `` eh , just give it to felipe , let him deal with it . 
  it 'll be cheaper than taking it back home and repairing it '', 
  maybe a reserve reserve driver ? 
  i was rooting for rosberg as soon as i saw that mercedes is * still * unbeatable . 
  no matter what anyone says , i fully believe that he deserves it !, 
  you do n't want to be the driver who will force an overtake on penultimate lap and take out the driver who is about to win his first championship . 
  and for what ? 
  a couple of extra points that do n't change driver or constructors championship ... 
  no , it really does n't , but people are still going to talk and the inevitable `` is he a deserving champion '' question will come up . 
  but like you said , it does n't matter . 
  nico got more points through the season and that 's that . 
  can we get a statistic if massa said `` for sure '' more times than button complained about massive understeer ? 
  is that glock, 
   hamilton denies using dirty tricks, 
  does n't matter if he denies it , we all saw what went down ... not illegal but ... 
  well mercedes benz does have a slogan - the best or nothing, 
  either way , who said a race suit does n't make for got lingerie ? 
  i do n't think they can repair this one though , mainly because i do n't see hamilton feeling any remorse over what he did . 
  well , first off , he was backing up rosberg into vettel and verstappen . 
  even the team came on a radio to complain about it . 
  over the last 3 years he also forced wide rosberg at every turn he could . 
  bahrain 2014 was the first race where rosberg had to move away for him or they would crash . 
   it was n't dirty tricks , just the only strategy he had . 
  it also does n't make it a fair strategy just because he ran out of options ... 
  like i said , if rosberg would n't take evasive action , they would 've crashed out . 
  either way , if hamilton doesnt see anything wrong in backin him up against vettel , why doesnt he admit it ? 
  if you would ask me , i 'd say that this was already illegal ... 
  they 're not leaving , it 's just their safe space !, 
  okay , i ca n't understand her , what happened ? 
  it looked like she did n't even attempt to break . 
  trump racist for taking away jobs from mexico !, 
  of course it was brundle ... 
  either way , did anyone suggest that stewards get involved or something ? 
  media is n't the answer to the internal team drama . 
  you have to resolve that behind the closed doors . 
   do n't tell me what to feel, 
  ftfy, 
  even hamilton said he would n't do it when they asked him about it in the press conference . 
  pretty sure you can , they compress the shit out of it . 
  with a million and one rule i wonder , can stewards deduct points as a penalty ? 
  for instance : rosberg takes out hamilton in the last race ( intentionally , without a doubt ) and stewards take points from his driver championship, 
  310k was 8 hours ago ... now it 's 312k and almost 313k ... 
   i do n't take toto wolff as someone who would call his bluff, 
  he definitely seems as the no-bullshit type of guy when it comes to running the team . 
  as for hamilton . 
  i do n't know how his contact is written , but i 'm pretty sure he ca n't say `` see ya next year '' and take rest of the season off without some consequence . 
  what part of 2007 in particular ? 
  that was n't a rumor . 
  lauda actually said that on live tv ... then i guess some lawyers got involved and lauda started backpedaling fast . 
   if someone does n't want to race they ca n't force him . 
  i 'm pretty sure mercedes lawyers would disagree with you . 
  hamilton is obligated by contract to drive and he got millions in return to do so . 
  if he does n't , he 's in a breach of contract . 
  sure , if he does n't want to drive , fine , but it would n't be without consequence . 
  i guess someone has to be the last , so i do n't know how to feel about this . 
  to me he seemed pretty damn good . 
  managed to get ahead of werhlein in qualifying so that has to count for something , being that werhlein is praised as the next big thing . 
  do n't worry , some people will be disappointed no matter how good the season is . 
  2016 was n't the best , but it surely was n't dull . 
  a lot of action , the whole driver changing teams drama and of course the tittle decider between rosberg and hamilton . 
  next year i hope to see more drivers push for wdc , but that 's about it . 
   trump called us out on our bullshit, 
  ftfy , cnn . 
  massa , jenson ... even alonso might make a couple of calls :d, 
  if maldonado would still be here i 'm sure he would crash nico 's retirement announcement . 
  your comment would be the answer to `` why did alonso snap and kill everyone even remotely associated with f1 '', 
   until they end up smashing the field next year and doing a toto - saying everyone else is in with a chance . 
  toto : they 're really close guise !!!!, 
  the man wanted a championship and he got it . 
  looking back , hamilton tried his damnedest to keep nico in the team !, 
  you know what , i do n't think they will put someone who is clearly number two . 
  2017 brings a lot of changes and mercedes will need two good drivers if perhaps they are n't that competitive anymore . 
  despite all the jokes about `` 2ndberg '' in monday morning trash talk thread i have enormous respect for him . 
  as a f1 driver , i 'll remember him most by abu dhabi 2014 . 
  most drivers would call it a day , park the car and go home .
