  all it takes to be fat is to eat more than you should . 
  and we all know how comforting eating is . 
   safe and steady approach, 
  when you have a whole lap on the rest of the grid you can ... 
  does anyone worry about 107 % rule with those long straights ? 
  he 's doing 340 kph and in about 3 seconds time he slows the car down to 120 kph to take the corner . 
  f1 is amazing . 
  yeah , everything that is going to happen this weekend is going to get a sarcastic `` well done baku '' now, 
  do n't be silly , he 's not magnussen, 
  spending too much time around kimi, 
  however you crash , there will be no way of getting around . 
  if by some chance there will be enough space , you will get a puncture really fast, 
  whenever some foreign army / police / gang is chasing the protagonist they make a lot of noise . 
  they 're just screaming words . 
  listen . 
  it drives me crazy . 
  and while he 's picking up his shit , his wife keyed his car . 
  `` susan did this '', 
  i 'm watching too much bill burr : /, 
  forbes : we do n't want people using ad block, 
  reddit : we do n't care, 
  forbes : good, 
  forbes : whatever, 
  reddit : we said we do n't care, 
  reddit : seriously , we do n't care, 
  reddit : we do n't care, 
  yes , he is correct , but people are mad because he was the biggest moaner on the grid . 
  now he 's trying to lecture everyone ... of course people are going to be mad, 
  every time he lost last year ? 
  monaco stood out the most . 
  daniel handled it much better ... 
  edit : you do n't have enough downvotes . 
  bring them . 
  good . 
  the bit about hitting women . 
  well at least they are n't banning the user or deleting thread for bigotry . 
  and the quote ... that 's basically how they operate , but still , they 're at least talking about it . 
  soon more will follow . 
  hamilton was salty as fuck and praying at portier . 
  nuff said, 
  he 's not allowed to say, 
  most of this hate comes from sky ham1 being salty af, 
  choco senna clipping the wall was just a cherry on top, 
  sky ham1 was salty as fuck , analyzing shit `` guise but the sun '' then race comes and shit all over the rules just cause `` muh hammy do n't know what to do help him guise '', 
  skyf1 forwarding notion to ban the sun from, 
  also rosberg, 
  somebody tell nasa to watch out for my sides, 
  oh wow , crofty being salty af, 
  coming from the man who said f1 drivers are whining all the time . 
  could n't believe my ears when i heard ted ask `` why did n't you take the minor penalty for radio ban ????? '', 
  times you set in practice mean absolutely nothing . 
  putting in a fast lap sure is nice , but that 's all . 
  it 's more important to get to know the track , how tires work etc. 
  and that does n't mean that you 'll be right at the top of the charts . 
  just wait until december !, 
   brawn gp is back, 
  way to disappoint everyone ... 
  well , that 's skyf1 for you . 
  they have an amazing coverage and offer some great insight on what is going on , plus they have no commercials during the race . 
  however , lately , they 're getting really annoying . 
  they 're british tv , so showing some love for your fellow countryman is n't anything strange , but just like reddit brands itself as `` the front page of the internet '' , skyf1 sort of feels like `` the face of f1 '' and they should act more professionally . 
  asking toto wolff about conspiracies was one of those unprofessional moments . 
  situation is a little bit complicated , because they have a kid together . 
  she would have no grounds to get anything without that . 
  i can hear his voice in my head . 
  when you come out of the tunnel , you have to go straight , but i 've watched enough monaco gp 's that i 'd probably turn left ... 
   your natural shape, 
  yeah , my ex bragged about how she got into a fight with a boy and managed to win . 
  when they had to see the principal she was like a water fountain and got away with it . 
  michael voice over : people tend to implement security based on anticipated threats : they install firewalls and encryption if they 're afraid of being hacked ; they use vaults and armed guards if they 're worried about being robbed ; ... and if you need to get them to keep their personal security with them at all times , you have to make them afraid to ever be alone . 
  this is actually a direct quote from burn notice . 
  shit , i totally forgot . 
  have n't played for quite a while though . 
  i really ca n't wait for a debate between them . 
  he will crush her . 
  `` where are the emails hillary ? '', 
  i did watch fargo , amazing show too . 
  as for his accent ... 
  i do n't know , it did n't feel right . 
  maybe i was too used to his american accent . 
  i really like how chocolate senna is gaining popularity on this sub . 
  i do n't know about you , but if lemans is any indication of a talent , then i 'd go with 2015 24 hour lemans winner nico hulkenberg, 
  i 'd love to see him win one more wdc, 
  this is funny , until you realize that journalists really are asking those questions over and over again . 
  okay , so how much do i need to know about biology ? 
  do n't be silly , perez is taco senna . 
  it is easy , that 's why you need to look at a breakdown if there is one and it 's pretty easy to see if votes are fake or real . 
  take the new [ independence day ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1628841/ratings?ref_=tt_ov_rt ) movie for example . 
  40 % of the votes are 10/10 , 5 % are 9/10 and ~ 11 % for both 8/10 and 7/10 . 
  it looks fishy , does n't it ? 
  it looks even more fishy when you look that most of those votes are by non-us citizens . 
  click farm maybe ? 
  so , my advice when it comes to looking at ratings is to disregard highest and lowest rating . 
  i 'm not saying all 10/10 ratings are fake , but there 's a higher chance that it is fake . 
  if you 're trying to boost your rating , you 're not going to rate your movie / business with 9/10 or even 8/10 . 
  yeah , why do n't you take your pc bullshit somewhere else . 
  mexicans are n't race either and we 're just having fun here . 
  okay , so why was taco senna not offensive to you and chocolate senna was ? 
  or more importantly , why are you offended for them ? 
  teams have a lot of data and see how their drivers progress through weekend / season .
