  which one do you mean ? 
  ferrari would just make a new f1 ... with blackjack and hookers !, 
  and more importantly , v8 engines !, 
  i bet ferrari/mercedes/red bull have a spare car at the factory waiting to be flown to the gp . 
  huh ? 
  seems like i forgot about that rule , but what if the driver snaps wishbone twice ? 
   but only enough to build one car . 
  see that 's the part i 'm not getting . 
  only enough spares to build one car means that they have one a spare for every part . 
  but like i asked , if both drivers snap left wishbone ... what then ? 
  i understand love for the sport and as far as jobs go it 's quite a good one - at least as far as jobs go . 
  rosberg is able to retire at 31 with millions in his bank account . 
  people need to work well into their 60 's to be able to retire and even then they are n't retiring as millionaires . 
  but i also understand rosberg . 
  f1 is a job and there is always more to life than doing a job . 
   my flatmate is a fireman and he has n't saved anything notable yet . 
  poke him and say `` come on , save something notable , like piglets '', 
  arrivabene : seb , we need people to like you !, 
  seb : bwoahithinktheylikemejustfine, 
  arrivabene : that 's the stuff, 
  at this point i wonder why does bernie still care ? 
  why does n't he take some old guy hobby and fuck his young wife ? 
   where the backmarkers and midfield teams are struggling to survive . 
  2014 rules were the biggest blow . 
  they want price cutting but engine prices went up from around 8 million to 30 million per season . 
  # \\ #blamethedncforriggingitforhillary, 
   they drive the same line , but are four seconds faster in an f1 car per lap . 
  that 's the thing . 
  i was doing hotlaps in assetto corsa with 599xx . 
  i was off by a second and a half from a guy that takes the same lines , sometimes even less speed through some corners ... 
  i know i can do better , at least by half a second , but damn . 
  you wo n't believe what a huge time difference a bit better line makes . 
  i did n't believe it also , then i broke my record by 0.5 seconds in the last corner . 
  people protesting a president who is n't backed by the wall street ... yeah ... 
  ne zanikam in me veseli , da funkcionira . 
  depends what you do , i did hotlaps with tire wear off so i can practice and get consistent . 
  but a solid advice if you have tire wear turned on . 
  it 's all about compromises and using the best strategy, 
  with blackjack and hookers !, 
  they would find a way to lose . 
  this is driver coaching !, 
  we need drivers that are able to start their own car !, 
  well you ca n't have it all ... world is n't all flowers and hugs , it 's time to do what has to be done . 
  holy fuck the carnage and the way that guy moves around it is amazing !, 
  yeah but he was struggling for a while there , still good to see some clean racing . 
  bianchi 's accident had rain and low visibility , so this is a bit better , but still dangerous enough that red flag would n't have been out of place . 
  trust me , they have , but if they went by the worst case scenario the cars would n't even start their engines . 
  motorsport is really dangerous , so do n't let the lack of fatal accidents fool you into thinking it 's safe . 
  i would n't say so . 
  makes race more interesting because drivers need to watch after the tires in q2 or they get punished in the race . 
  also , if you scrap this rule , mercedes , ferrari , and red bull would just put the hardest tire on and run it until the end of the race . 
  minimalna pla\u010da , check . 
  bahanje , check . 
   slu\u017eba ni privilegij . 
  it 's their job to ask questions and it 's his right to ignore them . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  why would n't he stay in f1 if he wanted to race ? 
  i 'm interested where his life will go , but make no mistake , he will do something that gives him a lot of time to focus on his family . 
   rent a car during the weekends . 
  if you do rent a car during the weekend make sure that the rental agency is open during the weekend . 
  renting and returning the car outside of the working hours will be charged extra , they will also charge you for vignette and winter tires . 
  also , make reservations well ahead of time . 
  last minute reservation will only jack up the price or you may not even get a car . 
  you mentioned that you will be working , but you never said what type of a job . 
  it would also help if you told us which languages you speak , apart from english and polish . 
  either way , here 's my $ .05 :, 
  slovenia is very small and diverse country . 
  you have 6 bigger cities - ljubljana , maribor , celje , velenje and koper . 
  no matter where you end up staying , i recommend that you visit all of them at least once , you can find cheap hostels in every city . 
  so , where should you stay ? 
  well , ljubljana is more or less in the center of things and capital city of slovenia . 
  you are 1 hour car ride away from every city . 
  however , it 's also a bit more expensive to live there , and i do n't mean just the rent . 
  on the east you have maribor . 
  second largest city and although it has seen some better times it 's still a valid choice for staying there . 
  prices are more modest . 
  on west you have koper which is one the coastline and might be a fine destination through the summer , but it may be expensive to live there due to the summer when there are a lot of tourists looking for a place to stay . 
  stop . 
  i 'm getting an erection . 
  what ? 
  ne trollam , res me zanima . 
  imagine , 2012 repeating , only that this time alonso looses to vandoorne . 
  ugh , i hope mclaren can get their shit together and challenge for the title , but it does n't look good and alonso does n't have much time . 
  i do n't have nearly as much as those kids would deserve . 
  i remember vw ceo saying that if bernie goes they 'll come to the sport or something along these lines . 
  can you share some of the tips with us ? 
  well , he 's still a great actor , i do enjoy his work , but i just wish the actors would n't get so political . 
  just act , that 's what people follow you . 
  people should n't care who actors vote for and it 's a disgrace when they try telling people who to vote for . 
  it 's as if your mailman made movies and put them on the internet , telling you who to vote for . 
  these liberal snowflakes are such hypocrites . 
  they say that we need to welcome everyone in the country , then they get triggered by someone who does n't share the same ideas as them . 
  moreover , if their ideas really are so bad , let them speak so people can see how insane they really are . 
   this i the same guy who just had a speech at berkeley canceled after a protest of the event turned violent . 
  is it just me or does this make it sound like it 's his fault ? 
  jawline so sharp fia banned it !, 
  that would just make me think that renault is leaving the sport . 
  not for the last decade ; _ ;, 
  slovenian genes , that 's what 's up . 
  damn , i totally forgot melania is n't her mother .
