   dog, 
  do you think he 's gon na be willing to play ball ? 
  inside ? 
  full of liberal tears !, 
  waffle senna would be much more fitting . 
  jawline so wide fia banned it !, 
  society has let down a lot of people for giving out trophies and consolation prizes to losers . 
  downplaying success of others just so they felt better . 
  they were n't old enough to vote for ( or against ) bush , but in 2008 they could and they voted for obama . 
  they voted in first black president of usa . 
  and they felt proud , they got their way and the same thing repeated in 2012 . 
  sure enough , 2016 comes by and they want to have their way with first female president , but this time , they did n't get their way . 
  so now they 're kicking , screaming , throwing tantrums , and even sending death threats . 
  giving you a couple of free deliveries is nothing compared to what they 'll make if you continue to use the service for years to come . 
  and since you seem to be very satisfied with service , you 'll tell your friends and they 'll then tell their friends and so on . 
  this way , they reach a lot more of potential customers . 
  much more than they would 've reached by putting up billboards all over the city . 
  sure , a lot of people will see those billboards , but none of them are going to have any experience with this . 
  done my fair share of karting , right now looking to get a co-driver and renting a rally car . 
  tl ; dr : nothing special ... yet . 
  maybe it 'll help if they send death threats to some people ? 
  worked so well with ~ ~ brexit supporters ~ ~ ~ ~ trump supporters ~ ~ ~ ~ electors ~ ~ ... well shit . 
  problem with regular taxis is that they often have shitty cars and if you call one , you do n't even know what car do they have and how the driver is . 
  with uber you know all of this . 
  ahem ... 
  `` let 's put a smile on that face '', 
  bill won both electoral college and popular vote by quite a margin . 
  however , let 's remind media what he did to all those women ... 
   `` we do n't need a ross brawn-type of hero who solves all problems '', 
  ferrari obviously playing f1 manager game on hardcore setting . 
  excuse me , but you forgot massa . 
  he did not win the tittle , but felipe baby will always be remembered as a true fighter . 
  i think williams are focusing on the next two years . 
  2017 comes with a lot of changes and if they do it right it will pay off more than focusing too much on 2016 . 
  maybe they saw that fi was going to get ahead of them no matter what they do so they just didnt bother too much and focused on the next year . 
  like i said , big changes in 2017 and if williams nails it they can get right on the taik of ferrari , rb , and mb . 
  do n't have it on fox , just have it on literally anything else than cnn . 
  jesus christ have mercy . 
  a couple of years back you could saw those types of barricades in middle east . 
  now they 're putting them up in germany . 
  well that was a solid interview with some tough questions and of course she could n't help herself with some bullshit that kelly dodged very well . 
  at least it 's something of value , unlike stories of trump eating chicken with knife and fork or whatever it was, 
  which one can you get cheapest ? 
  my girlfriend has p8 and i have p9lite . 
  they 're pretty similar except that p9l has fingerprint scanner and there are some hardware differences , but they 're both great phones so no matter which one you choose you ca n't miss . 
  * dicks out *, 
  do n't know what kind of laws germany has , but i suspect it 's something similar to the laws where i live . 
  so , the law states that you 're not allowed to shoot an unarmed person in your home . 
  does n't matter that he broke into your house in the middle of the night and is there to do you harm and/or steal your valuables . 
  the logic behind it is that you , because of the gun , are in a position of power therefor you should be able to control the situation until authorities arrive . 
  if he attacks you and you shoot him you 're going to have to prove to the court that you acted in self defense and that shooting him was the only option because otherwise he would 've killed you . 
  peter also goes on to say that it was `` difference of opinion '' ... so ... what is it ? 
   ferrari have had one of the best cars on and off for a while , yet fail to put a season together . 
  well the first part is true , but the second one is just rubbish . 
  i 'm guessing you 're referring to strategy calls during this season and let me tell you , if ferrari made better calls they would 've ended up in front of red bull , but mercedes was still too far off . 
  on a single lap mercedes was still the fastest . 
  bmi is bullshit in cases where you have very low fat percentage and very high muscle mass . 
  by bmi standards , me and my friend were nearing obese all while having around 10 % body fat . 
  you do know that facebook is n't source of any news , but it 's merely a tool for sharing news that originated elsewhere ? 
  that just means you have shitty friends that share stupid shit . 
  why exactly do you like this ? 
  how can you be so blind to not see that this is just a clever way to censor news that they do n't want you to see ? 
  it does bother me that people in medicine use it a lot . 
  other than that , not so much . 
  really ? 
  i think you may need to look up what sarcasm is . 
  what a great argument . 
   many introverts - not many knows english , except for the younger generation . 
  well , not according to [ this ] ( https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/story_medium/public/indy100/zjalh9otug/18137-1lphmft.jpg ) graph . 
  slovenia has very high number of english speakers and it 's also a job requirement to speak decent english for most jobs where you 're working with people ( even for mcdonalds workers ) , some jobs even require you to speak german and/or italian as well . 
  same can not be said for spain for instance where i 've seen people at hotel reception not speaking any english . 
  you get the news from websites that you subscribe to , so how am i not getting real news if i subscribe to breitbart ? 
  i 'm not saying that there is no censorship , but if you do n't follow any msm fb pages you are n't going to get their news . 
  read what i 'm saying . 
  yes , there is manipulation and censorship , but if you do n't follow any of the msm on fb , they ca n't get the content to you . 
  and you think reddit does n't spy on you ? 
  haha :d, 
  what a try hard . 
  for crying out loud , it 's not that they ca n't talk freely about merkel . 
  people just do n't want to get political on camera . 
  give them a mask and see what happens . 
  maribor had around 5 cm of snow all through christmas and ny so that was fun to see . 
  it was n't too much snow , but it was enough to make christmas a bit more special . 
   in some cases . 
  in others it 's worse . 
  true , but his is better on bigger sets of numbers and that 's where performance starts to matter . 
  algorithms are tools , you have to know where to use them . 
  welcome to clickbait titles . 
  why exactly do you hate about the ferrari as a brand ? 
  problem is that people rate him too high . 
  i get that you 're fans , but just try to realize that changing 3 teams may not be a sign that he 's above average . 
  [ 2 sekundi iskanja na google ] ( http://newobserveronline.com/hidden-facts-about-slavery-in-america/ ) . 
   they would be banned from purchasing any other limited run ferrari in the future . 
  banned from buying more cars is shooting yourselves in the foot for that company . 
  no , not really . 
  ferrari does n't make a lot of their limited edition cars , they could 've sold 10 times as many if they wanted . 
  so banning one guy is n't really a problem for them , because there 's hundreds , if not thousands , of others lining up for that next limited edition ferrari . 
  am i the only one here who does n't like silverstone ? 
  i never liked driving around silverstone in games either . 
  f1 has insane costs .
