  i do n't care what he does outside of the car either . 
  it 's his life . 
  but i see the headlights in the news and i do n't like what he 's doing . 
  i do n't have to like it . 
  as for excitement , exactly what does hamilton bring to the race ? 
   i do n't want it in a leader , someone at the absolute forefront of their profession , or a professional athlete . 
  they 're supposed to be something special and unusual . 
  they 're supposed to be something more than your average joe . 
  having a friendly personality makes people like you . 
  being a douche is n't appealing to people . 
   last second q3 gems to snag poles . 
  that 's because nobody but rosberg has car quick enough to challenge . 
   poles in cars that do n't necessarily belong on pole ( e.g. 
  2011 mclaren ) . 
  okay ... 
   aggressive overtaking and defending in races . 
  overtaking when he starts at the back with a car that can lap the whole field ? 
  or the aggressive overtaking he displayed at hungary or silverstone last year when he almost crashed out ? 
   a tendency ( albeit occasionally marred by red mist-type driving ) to recover from issues and drive remarkable races when starting from the back foot . 
  again : overtaking when he starts at the back with a car that can lap the whole field ? 
  and do n't even get me started on spa , when he was crying to retire the car for most of the race . 
   a natural ability to brake later than anyone , and generally run a car right to the ragged edge at a level matched by few others on the grid . 
  arguably ... 
  i watched regularly since 2013 , but i watched before , just not every race weekend . 
  i 'm not saying that he 's a bad driver , he is a good one , but he 's nothing special . 
  f1 would go on without him just fine yet he acts like he 's the second coming of senna . 
   also , what ted said to rosberg in the quali notebook made me pretty livid , that was quite rude and cunty . 
  it 's skyf1 . 
  nobody even mentioned how much bad luck rosberg has had in the past two years . 
  there was an incident when some sunroof under the podium collapsed right on top of rosberg 's car . 
  imagine if that happened to hamilton 's car . 
  there would be uninterrupted 24 hour special about it ... joke obviously , but we all know how much they love hamilton . 
  i sort of understand it , skyf1 and their presenters are people from uk , so you ca n't expect for them to root against their countryman . 
  still , they could act a bit more professional . 
  kvyat what a fucking idiot, 
  so pissed right now i could punch him in the face, 
  did i say that he did it on purpose ? 
  he 's an idiot , either he does n't know how to drive or he did it intentionally . 
  this is n't gp2 or f3 , this is f1 if you do n't know how to drive , go back . 
  fuck yes stop&go, 
  oh rest assured , i was bitching about pastor . 
  he was pissed when he did n't know who rammed him . 
  when he finds out that it was kvyat , who ruined his second race in a row , he 'll probably beat the shit out of him . 
  have i told you guys how much i hate kvyat and his stupid face ? 
  imagine what he 'll have to say when he finds out that it was kvyat . 
  well i fucking hate him . 
  grand slam for kvyat too . 
  it would be fitting considering what he has done . 
  does n't matter if it 's incompetence or deliberate action , what matters is that this sort of behavior does n't belong in f1 . 
  if vettel takes penalty for this i 'm flying to the next race and bash in kvyat 's stupid face . 
  jump on the track in front of him like come at me comrade, 
  i 'm still a bit pissed to be honest and i 'm bringing my hate to the tomorrow 's trash talk thread . 
  but this is racing , like it or not , shit like this happens . 
  that 's what happens when you have one good race out of four . 
  crofty : `` is there a limit ? '', 
  i 'm thinking of moving away from sky , but the thing is i love that there is no interruptions during the race . 
  just the leadership i 'd say . 
  i think there 's a point to this . 
  pp and richard are moving into more business model while those people ( who are getting fired at hooli ) will make what richard wanted to do all along . 
  oh my fucking god this is such a great time for this thread, 
  chocolate senna getting rekt beyond my wildest dreams, 
  probably gon na post wurld fucking chimp picture, 
  skyf1 losing their shit over it `` muuuuh hammy what happened guise u sabotaging hammy ???????? '', 
  hahahahaha so fucking great, 
  kvyat fucked up the whole team at his home race and probably got rekt by horner and whole team, 
  guise its racing guise hurr hurr hrr guise why verstappen into red bull 2017 , we no have three cars, 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  but i imagine that stewards review each case and if they see that you 've cut the corner just to get advantage they 'll make you pay for it . 
  alonso had no other choice though . 
  question : has there ever been a proposition in f1 that the responsible party pays for the damage ? 
  in this case , red bull would pay for the damages done to vettel 's car . 
  well ... we ca n't exactly complain , women get do n't text and drive ads . 
  it 's interesting and stupid . 
  if it was walking distance the a taxi would n't cost a fortune either . 
  i 'm actually disappointed by the way this video turned out . 
  i thought she was going to cry about how milo triggered her . 
  why call it reverse sexism ? 
  sexism is sexism and just like a man can be sexist , a woman can too . 
  i do n't know , i watched their last game and blues just looked helpless . 
  sure they won at the end , but dallas seemed more in control . 
  it happens all the time , like it or not . 
  i just wait for the true gameplay footage , not some ` gameplay ' from a trade show . 
  imagine that shitstorm . 
  skyf1 would have a 24hour special about that crash and how mercedes are sabotaging him . 
  i simply do n't understand why do they do this ? 
  you 're going to sell less tickets this way and have less viewers . 
  so why bother picking a fight ? 
  can you imagine if lewis 's car would 've failed at abu dhabi 2 years back ? 
  lewis 's fans seem just crazy enough that they would burn down mercedes factory . 
  as for what is happening right now - i mostly blame skyf1 . 
  they 're the ones that are hyping this ` sabotage ' nonsense instead of playing it down . 
  red bull went really fast from one of the most loved teams to one of the most hated . 
  sure , they had their bad moments , but overall they seemed like a big family . 
  then 2014 started and everything went downhill for them . 
  as for kvyat , what he did in russia was bad , but nobody gets fired for having a one bad race . 
  i think this decision has been steaming for a while now . 
  it 's not like i have n't been expecting them to drop kvyat at the end of the season . 
  ricciardo is n't going anywhere and they have to put verstappen somewhere or he 'll walk . 
  but to do it at this stage of the season is just horrible . 
  for all the shit i give mclaren honda about their performance , i must say i admire how silent they 're about honda not performing .
