  i do n't have anything against this move , because it was one move and not two moves like he did against kimi and rosberg . 
  you can bet that the one guy who 's screen is not showing is going around knifing everyone . 
  more like `` we want to remind audience to not applaud trump ! '', 
  ` bout fucking time for another ~ ~ guttierez ~ ~ trash talk, 
  chocolate senna on suicide watch getting btfo by 2ndberg, 
  cue ~ ~ lew lew fantards ~ ~ crofty 's alt twitter accounts `` b-b-but mercedus sabotage #askliteralythestupidestquestions #whylewlew '', 
  in reality 2ndberg outdriving himself to pull biggest prank of all time , losing by one point at the last race, 
  not called 2ndberg for nothing, 
  lizzard boy outperforming the badger, 
  you can literally hear energy drink company high fiving themselves for kvyat demotion, 
  lizzard boy : i push wide everyone !!!!!!!, 
  except badger , not going full kvyat, 
  jenson ` massive understeer ' button passing the torch to the 2015 le mans winner nico hulkenberg, 
  wi mast have our mandatory fun ja !, 
  i like it . 
  it 's not suppose to do that, 
  at least one who appreciates one of the best jokes on the office ... 
  sometimes people confuse words `` hate '' and `` dislike '' , but i 'm not going to make excuses for op . 
  i 'm mostly okay with whatever is said , but i do draw the line at injuries . 
  no matter the sport , no matter the team . 
  edit : wow , reddit is extremely salty today . 
   that you will want to be groped by me, 
  if you want to be groped , it 's not sexual assault . 
  edit : wow , i 'm honestly scared of what your definition of sexual assault is ... 
  so they will do 2nd redesign ? 
  maybe that is ferrari 's strategy ? 
  i sort of agree about drivers being screwed over , but red bull is not all that bad when you look how much time and money they invest into their drivers . 
  they sponsor them from karting and all the way to the f1 . 
  that 's got to count for something . 
  but right now it may seem bad , because red bull has a problem of having too many good drivers . 
  so , red bull wanting to retain sainz in toro rosso ... well i understand their position , but as a sainz fan i 'd rather see him in another team for next year . 
   it 's over, 
  reminds me of 2007 's raikkonen radio message, 
  `` it 's over it 's all over hamilton 7th hamilton 7th '', 
  my god , goosebumps every single time . 
  bahrain 2014 could be among those . 
  had a great battle with nico . 
  we will just have to wait and see . 
  last year he was very much a sore loser on those podiums , this year he seems to take it better . 
  do n't know how he 'll see losing the tittle . 
  well , i could be wrong , but now i 'm more frustrated about where the hell do i remember hearing about redesign through the winter break . 
  did n't follow what happened to the strategist , but as far as i know , he got fired because alonso lost wdc tittle . 
  as for other people that got pushed out ... well , that 's ferrari . 
  too arrogant for their own good and now they 're paying the price when talented people are leaving or simply refuse to join . 
  here we go again . 
  [ this ] ( https://erinhasthoughts.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/dog-leash.jpg ) would get stuck in the elevator doors and it would simply snap . 
  you can do some incredible stuff with lightning , however , drivers are still exhausted . 
  10 episode of a cooking show . 
  bill rants through 9 of those and ends up frying an egg in the end . 
  would definitely watch, 
  so what kind of shows do you consider the best out there ? 
  if you did n't like the first season you definitely wo n't find season two any better . 
  some die hard fans do n't like it very much . 
  smile , say please and thank you . 
  that 's how i 've been raised , that 's what i do and it 's become a second nature . 
  sometimes when i listen to people in front of me i want to punch them in their face . 
  do n't know how people working there do n't lose it . 
  know of a woman who from time to time comes to the supermarket where i shop and begs for money . 
  i just look at her and she knows what 's up . 
  i understand that she doesnt have money . 
  its tough . 
  but for crying out loud , i do n't have millions either . 
  so hard they 're basically tarmac . 
  dj khaled needs to get on this asap, 
  cnn headline tomorrow : gowdy on coke !, 
  goodbye kmag, 
  do n't forget to amplify it with a can of pringles , then negate the encryption nodes and backtrack them to router and you 're about done . 
  you dense motherfucker, 
  `` play stupid games , win stupid prizes '', 
  i like this one better , but i do n't mind yours either . 
  gets the point across . 
  what did you expect ? 
  am i going to be downvoted for saying that i think this is one of those rare moments when she was both , honest and right ? 
  this is what i did . 
  i have so much other books to read that i completely forgot which books are those with a twist . 
  i love the gun as much as i hate the driver . 
  god damn it . 
  they win the championship with robin raikkonen in 20 years time , 
  you could 've invited him to drink wine at your place . 
  as much as it 's worth , celebrities generally do n't like to be making selfies all the time . 
  bill burr said that he 'd rather talk for a bit . 
  i fix myself dinner and turn on the tv and what do i see ? 
  bottas with halo on ... like please , people are trying to eat . 
  4 ' 9 tall man fights 6 ' 5 tall government assassins . 
  and wins . 
  where are those ? 
  edit : generally i 'd agree , section control is better at keeping speeds down over the whole section , not just one place . 
  well i guess it 's time to fire him next !, 
  im not trying to break speed limit , im . 
  doing an app and need the data . 
  pretty much this yes and also r/formula1 would implode, 
  i was mad when negan killed abraham . 
  not only because he was a good character , but also because in the comics he kills glenn ... 
  now i 'm just sad . 
  it takes a lot to turn my stomach but this did it . 
  totally unprepared . 
  unlikely , i think mclaren has already signed alonso and vandoorne, 
  you should really invest in some new wipers . 
  but why is my non engineering background question, 
  that 's because toto knew it would be more trouble than it 's worth .
