  even when they went to racing they had them . 
  it was like i was watching commercials with some racing on the side . 
  not too crazy about the music , but i did like it as a whole , despite having that american style ( what else could i expect from nbcsn ) of filming . 
  have n't noticed before , but i think that arrivabene might be left handed . 
  clock on the right arm . 
   also , wow , toto is big . 
  hey ... phrasing . 
  you can only pull so much shit before people have enough of it , switch and never look back . 
  also , you 're not going to risk your driver to attempt stunts like jumping with a motorbike one week before the season starts . 
  i honestly hope they do . 
  after all , they do deserve it for how much more entertaining they made last season . 
  last year was just pure comedy gold from mchonda . 
  so nothing , just something i spotted . 
  i 'm a lefty too and i also had watch always on my left arm . 
  just got used to them like that . 
  but i have also heard from a few people that you should have watch on your non-dominant hand and a few people even do . 
  i actually tried putting it on my right arm and it did n't feel ` right ' . 
  so now i wear it on my left . 
  for midfield , yes . 
  ferrari and mercedes still go out , set untouchable lap times and go back in . 
  well , it 's official . 
  mercedes wcc / wdc and now they 've also ruined the qualifying . 
  q1 was good , q2 not so much and q3 is just horrible . 
  last year we had people running up until the last second . 
  this year they 're just waiting for the clock to run out , because they do n't have enough time . 
  guys listen !!!, 
  what if the new qualifying format is working and ferrari are better , but since it mixes up the grid we get ham ros vet, 
  scheduling was the biggest problem for this show and i 'm pissed because they ruined an amazing show . 
  quality was there all along but when you 're releasing new episodes at random intervals people lose track and eventually give up . 
  i do n't understand why they did n't just take a nice , long winter break and then release new episodes every week . 
  and i want that on the record !, 
  in front of a judge !, 
   cbs does n't care whether or not it does well , it only wants the ad revenue the commercials generate . 
  but in order for cbs to get any ad revenue they have to have a program worth watching . 
  which is exactly why cbs would want this show to be the biggest show of all time . 
  people wo n't turn on tv to watch bad movies or shows . 
  also , if they reverse the grid , why even bother setting a lap in q3 ? 
  start at the front with a beast of a car and take home 25 points . 
  seb is a father of two . 
  his second child was born around the time when nico 's was . 
  only difference was that it was n't plastered all over the news . 
  it looked really great for ferrari , but their strategy was shit . 
  putting on medium tires would probably be a way to go . 
  congrats to haas though !, 
  what haas did is amazing , but let 's not forget all the help they got from ferrari . 
  he is beginning to grow out a suspiciously long hair ... 
  just out of curiosity i looked-up how many drivers died in nascar and the list is surprisingly long . 
  it 's a lot more than 28 . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_nascar_fatalities ), 
  it 's his job to perform on the track . 
  off the track most of the drivers are friends , as in every other sport really . 
  i 'm not exactly jealous , but he did seem like a spoiled little brat who wants a toy that somebody else is playing with . 
  i do n't want to belittle him , kid has talent ( wdc winning talent ) and maybe that 's exactly what 's the problem . 
  everywhere he goes people treat him like the second coming of senna and i think it 's starting to get to him . 
  just as a reminder , last season when carlos wanted to switch places , max came back with a firm `` no '' , so he ca n't be pissed because he did n't let him through . 
  maybe i 'm wrong and it was a one time thing , we 'll see how they 're going to be by the end of the season . 
  even though i sometimes daydream how great it would be to drive in f1 it does n't make me jealous of him . 
  i do n't want his seat , i just want to be there . 
  but i do n't have nearly enough money or talent , but thankfully there 's rallying . 
  go home kimi , you 're drunk !, 
  what kind of engine does your car have ? 
  it haas-ecoboost ford, 
  and they downvoted me when i said that all this hype got to him and now he think 's he 's the second coming of senna . 
  they 're bobsled !, 
  opposite world ? 
  they did and the doctors hate him !, 
  i think i 'm more shocked by the fact that i thought it was a real fight . 
  it 's late but still ... damn . 
  * shots fired *, 
  god damn it man , middle of a lecture and i bust out laughing . 
  christ . 
  at least the cargo will be safe . 
  as a hockey and f1 fan who is considering moving to finland - damn , stop giving me reasons !!, 
  also i hear people keep to themselves and do n't bother you :d, 
  must ... resist ... aaaaahhhh, 
  fortunately , they 'll have to leave all electronics outside , thus no footage . 
  to be fair , i do n't know what it was this week , but it was running awful for me . 
  anybody else had that problem ? 
  good for him that he 's happy in wec , but i 'm still not clear as to why he left ? 
  maybe mercedes wanted them gone ? 
  i 'm with him on the decision making part , however i do n't agree when he says :, 
   sebastian vettel is the only one who talks . 
  so why do i need to be there ? 
  he could very well say something too . 
  what they also need is cars that are easier to follow . 
  it 's not just the tires that prevent them to go faster . 
  there 's limited amount of engines and fuel . 
  so there 's really no incentive to push like they do in qualifying . 
  plus , they have a lot of people and computers to work out what 's the best strategy . 
  so , if you give them better tires you need to lift number of engines and bring back refueling and only then you 'd be able to see them drive faster . 
  however , f1 is expensive as it is and i do n't think smaller teams would be able to handle additional costs with such expensive engines . 
   same ambiance and emotion that a monza or spa delivers ? 
  no matter how bad f1 gets , for those two tracks i 'm turning on my tv . 
  italian gp has such great atmosphere that you can almost feel it and if tickets would n't cost as much as livers on black market i 'd go there in a heartbeat . 
  few hours drive and i 'm there . 
  so yeah , i 've just about had it with tracks that are in the middle of nowhere just for the pleasure of some oil tycoons . 
  i was hoping that it would get scratched for aus . 
  then i was hoping it would be scratched for bahrain . 
  now i 'm just hoping it gets scratched . 
  are you talking about next season 's cars ?
