  i 'll cheer for satan himself if he 's playing against sj, 
  i laughed at sexist jokes . 
  i laughed at muslim jokes . 
  i laughed about cancer jokes . 
  i laughed when a comedian decided to have a go at me . 
  as a frequent comedy club visitor , i laughed at pretty much everything there is . 
  of course there were times when i did n't laugh because it was just poor taste . 
  good comedian knows where to draw the line . 
  you 're not laughing just because it 's an offensive joke nor does it mean you support it , but like i said , good comedian knows where to draw the line and actually has good material . 
  at first glance i did n't even notice he was gone . 
  god damn . 
  usually do n't like what he has to say , but this is spot on . 
  wuuhuuu, 
   i feel getting eliminated by the team that later becomes the champ is better than getting eliminated by a team that ca n't win it . 
  not if it 's the sharks . 
  skyf1 commentators could n't shut up about how horrible it looks . 
  i do n't care how it looks , i care if it makes any improvements !, 
  bbbbut conspiracy, 
  no , it 's not . 
  but what they 're proposing now is n't the way to go either . 
  i want to believe , but we 'll see tomorrow at qualifying i guess, 
   otherwise fia will force pu manufacturer to supply teams at 12 million euros, 
  way to go fia ... 
  i did n't know that we had a problem with teams getting engines . 
  in the recent years only red bull was having a bit of an engine problem and even that was their own fault for pissing on renault all of the time . 
  nice try fernando , you 're driving for mclaren honda . 
  it was bad enough when mercedes were ahead , now that rb looks like it might be competitive enough i 'm starting to re-think if i even want to watch f1 anymore . 
  and now even the mclaren is in q3 . 
  barely , but still . 
  lord have mercy . 
  when you spend as much money on chassis as others do on engine and chassis , then yes , you would n't expect nothing else . 
  he looks like a girl, 
  ferrari has gb of data from every race weekend and people behind to analyze it to death . 
  sure , the end result is important , but they can also see much more of what the driver was doing . 
  that 's important too , because they know what to expect from him and what are his weaknesses . 
  it 's a sign of improvement . 
  i 'm sure everyone at mclaren knows much more than we do , but it 's clearly getting better . 
  i 've been banned too . 
  they had some discussion about why is feminism hated . 
  i simply stated that it 's because of what it represents . 
  i guess i had it coming . 
  to tell you the truth , i do n't even know why i was bothering . 
  no discussion whatsoever and it 's a place of hate . 
  mra is sometimes the same , because some men seem to hate women . 
  hope i do n't get banned here either , but that 's how i see it and to tell you the truth it does bother me . 
  we really need some movement that would push for equality without the need to push somebody else down . 
  of course talent has some play in this too , but what i said still stands . 
  sure , but first you have to find a weakness to exploit . 
  divided we fall ... 
  those are all good points and i completely agree with you . 
  we , men , do have it bad sometimes . 
  but guess what , so do women . 
  no matter what gender you 're , there are going to be some advantages as well as disadvantages . 
  mra and feminism both try to paint their respected gender as the one that has it worst , while i think we should fight for better future for everybody . 
  but i guess that 's not possible . 
  people are too divided between each other to stand together and say `` look , this is n't right , fix it '' . 
   indoor dog, 
  hahahahah muh senna gon na overtake rosberg hahahahahahahahaha what a fucking idiot, 
  call the cops i do n't give a fuck, 
  skyf1 wo n't be able to shut up about it, 
  calling it now : rosberg to manor and wehrlein to mercedes, 
  jesus fucking christ almighty . 
  mercedes opens the doors for ferrari to catch up nicely and they throw it away ... fuck . 
  that was really poorly handled . 
  you need to stick it in there and just let it go . 
  skyf1 will lose their shit . 
  they were doing their analysis and stuff , saying that it 's rosberg 's fault . 
  let me just say that i believe that rb is at fault for the hamilton-rosberg incident . 
  they clearly made sure that mercedes crashed and then put verstappen on better strategy . 
  i watched this before game of thrones . 
  is it weird that i 'm that hyped for this show ? 
  it 's just confetti ... ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ca n't ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ see ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ john ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ cena, 
  hamilton channeling his inner senna again . 
  `` if you do n't go for the gap you 're not a racing driver '', 
  homer , still a better sound than v6t, 
  i know that alonso had his racing suit in barcelona . 
  it was 2 years back , so i do n't remember the exact price , but it was something like 45.000 $ . 
  somebody please correct me . 
  so if you want to buy something like this , it makes sense to buy it now when it 's not that expensive , although 6000 for a race suit is just ridiculous to me . 
  this might seem trivial for you , but rest assured , it 's not like that . 
  maybe it 's not entirely his choice . 
  werhlein to mercedes and rosberg to manor ? 
  now that would be a demotion . 
  surprised that palmer did n't pick hard compound ... 
  depends on what kind of people you 're dealing with , but most of the time , even the slightest hint that you do n't agree with them will get you labeled . 
  wehrlein from manor, 
  or as wolff said , alonso . 
  i 'd love to see what alonso can do with mercedes car . 
  is n't this his first race that he finished ? 
  louda, 
  neither of them would back down , alonso even less likely because it would be his last chance at the tittle . 
  if alonso goes to mercedes and ends up 2nd in the championship ... boy , i see bullets flying in his future . 
  especially when it 's silly season . 
  they 're testing with him today and they have also loads of data from manor . 
  he 's unproven , but not a total unknown . 
  depends . 
  you ca n't abandon your young drivers to bring in others - mclaren case and point where they have let go magnussen ... 
   he should be questioning why rosberg forgot to set the right engine mode and why did he move in lewis ' direction like that when he knew he was slower . 
  because mistakes were made by both drivers .
