  i heard that in 2012 about 2 million illegals voted . 
  but i ca n't find any proof of it and where most illegals voted and effectively flipped the vote . 
  god fucking damn it . 
  colbert report was actually funny on times , but do they really have to force politics into lns ? 
  do n't they have anything more funny than recycling trump jokes ? 
  ferrari did underperform , but to the outside world it does n't matter . 
  alonso : `` this engine is just like ron said - a jewel '', 
  inner alonso : `` yell gp2 engine on the radio '', 
  you can deal with losing to a black man . 
  america has tried to prove that it 's not racist . 
  what you ca n't deal with is losing to someone you think is a clown , despite america being hungry for a first female president . 
   paddy 's job is to have an understanding of all the disciplines, 
  christ almighty and since this is f1 we 're talking about i 'd say that the `` understanding of all the disciplines '' is n't knowing some basics . 
   wants more money, 
   joins williams, 
  yeah that 's gon na be it . 
  and that 'll do what exactly ? 
  some people will never understand homosexuals and that 's fine . 
  it 's okay to have an opinion . 
  damn those shifts are fast . 
  last week i drove a car with flappy pedals for the first time and i do n't know what i expected , but it took a while to shift up : /, 
   trump : `` that 's not the free market . 
  that 's the dumb market . '', 
  technically , it 's still a free market , only that trump does n't like it . 
  and he does n't need to . 
  he can tax companies for importing , just has to string a good ratio between import and export . 
   and yet we have built a giant surveillance apparatus gathering dirt on every single american . 
  you mean facebook , twitter , reddit and others ? 
  the argument was over companies moving out of the usa into mexico . 
   it 's the stuff that 's not supposed to be public , like emails , direct messages , phone calls , etc. 
  that 's the part i have a problem with , not some cat videos that you posted on your wall for everyone to see . 
  and it 's not just government that is after your data . 
  i love their reaction . 
  it 's like they 're 5 year old kids that have seen a magic trick and ca n't believe their eyes . 
  2007 cars were a thing of beauty . 
   but williams have rejected an initial offer to release finn bottas from his 2017 contract . 
  this is like something [ michael scott would do ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-kccwpq6n8&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=12m18s ) ( sorry for the quality of it , but i just could n't find a better version ) . 
  reject first offer . 
  i know it 's common , but it 's funny the way he does it . 
  he does n't even want to hear it . 
  `` just tell us what your second offer is ! '', 
  they only need another driver if they release bottas . 
  i 'm sure bottas is very happy about this sice it is probably the only chance he 's got to get himself in a top 3 team before he fades away and i 'm saying that as a fan . 
  if it would be up to him , he 'd already be sitting in the mercedes car asking `` so when do we start '' . 
  getting button is trickier and a bit illogical . 
  he too would come back in a heartbeat if they offered him mercedes seat , but they 're not , they 're offering him williams seat which wo n't win him a wdc . 
  williams might be strong next year , but i highly doubt they 'll beat all 3 big teams , even though i 'd very much like to see that . 
  furthermore button also needs to think about future and i guess being brand ambassador for mclaren is n't that bad of a deal . 
  as for illogical part - why would williams fight to get button in the car ? 
  if they wanted an experienced driver i 'm sure they could give massa a call who is with the team for the last 3 years . 
  i 'm honestly not ruling out massa coming back for 2017 . 
  edit : massa had an [ interview ] ( https://www.formula1.com/en/latest/interviews/2016/8/f1-2017-williams-massa-wants-to-stay.html ) in which he said he 'd love to be with williams for 2017 . 
  if this was just playing down rumors and he was n't forced out of williams my money is on him to replace bottas . 
  b-b-b-but narrative, 
  i 'm sure if they dig long and hard enough they can tie friend of his great-grandfather 's friend to some russian guy he gave a cigarette to . 
  what are you gon na do ? 
  punch me ? 
  `` push to drop sandbag '', 
  i really hope mercedes makes some unpopular decision and we see so much salt, 
  i feel like number 2 driver is too close . 
  let 's make him number 3 driver . 
  [ pandr reference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pe7az7b6-k ), 
  make tits great again !, 
  think of it as santa . 
  you do n't believe in him , but you 're still happy to see those presents under the tree . 
  dae think it does n't look good ? 
  some of them really look good . 
  it 's a shame that manor out of everyone decided to do this !, 
  i 'd love to see what mercedes , ferrari , red bull ... would 've come up with . 
  by finnish standards maybe ... :d, 
  i love bottas , but for the love of god , if we have another 3 years of mercedes domination i 'd at least love more drama to it . 
  thanks obama !, 
  ugh , i 'm so sick and tired of this shit . 
  look , 85 % chance still does n't mean that it 's an automatic win , because there 's still 15 % chance that she looses . 
  and she lost . 
  that 's what i 'm thinking too . 
  it would be great for ferrari since they 're in the business of selling sport cars , but for everyone else not so much . 
  problem is that none of the engine manufacturers are making money with f1 . 
  even mercedes f1 division is reporting loses . 
  now i do n't imagine mercedes having problem justifying to their shareholders why they 're losing money with f1 , but for renault and honda it 's a bit harder . 
  i do n't know how much relevant everything is for road cars , but even if it 's somewhat useful it 's better than nothing . 
  that 's why i think there should be a couple of engine versions that teams could run . 
   if i were in williams position i 'd prefer having at least one experience driver to develop the car . 
  with all the new regulations for 2017 i would n't blame them for wanting massa back if bottas leaves . 
  having two unknown drivers in the car could be a bad decision for williams . 
  massa also knows the team and they know him . 
  assange said leaks came from somebody inside dnc and not a hack . 
   national flag as/on helmet design, 
  damn right i 'd have my flag on the helmet , nobody from my country was in f1 . 
  called it . 
  the most sensible option for williams to make in case that bottas leaves . 
  honestly . 
  and they 'll rub their heads together asking themselves `` why is this happening , why do n't people trust us ? '', 
  right before writing another stupid `` article '' that is just pure speculation , but it hurts trump so what the hell , prime time !!, 
  stay hydrated folks !, 
  hahaha new section really is fun . 
  trump is playing them like violin and making them into the biggest hypocrites the world has seen . 
  they 're flip-flipping on anything , just so they disagree with trump . 
  i wonder if they would short circuit if trump said that he 's a bad president . 
  i mean ... you obviously ca n't agree with russian planted hitler .
