  this is n't , but it shows something that you could do with it . 
  possibilities are endless . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 've worked with arm cortexm4 on stm32 board and you 'd be amazed what a simple $ 15 board can do . 
  i do n't know what kind of hardware they 're using , but i 'd say it 's much better . 
  edit : looked into it , turns out i had a wrong ideas what this thing even is . 
  controller captures hand motions and sends them via usb to pc . 
  now i really do n't see why this would n't be possible because all of the calculations are done on the pc anyway which has more than capable processor . 
  did you watch the wire by any chance ? 
  if you have n't , then i strongly recommend that you do , because it 's a great series . 
  i have watched it twice myself . 
  anyway , why am i bringing up the wire ? 
  because it only has 5 seasons despite obviously being a brilliant piece of tv . 
  sure , david simon could 've squeezed another season or two , but he did n't and instead went on to work on other projects . 
  he told the story he wanted without forcing it down out throat , wrapped everything nicely and now we have a series that we can watch from beginning to end without the need to skip a season or two . 
  sometimes less is more . 
  i do n't expect everyone to agree with me on this and they clearly do n't , but hey , it 's a discussion , there 's bound to be different opinions . 
  holy shit , i just realized that ram is n't actually new anymore , but i still love the shit out of it . 
  last year at uni . 
  first year we did a lot of coding and algorithms , while second year was more in depth about architectures , signals etc. 
  this year we have embedded systems , electrical circuits etc. 
  i do n't know where you 're going if they 're teaching you only how to code . 
  where did you come from ? 
  it makes a lot of difference if you come from america or russia . 
  but still ... bacon . 
  quote from homeland :, 
  you 're the smartest and the dumbest fucking person i know . 
  and yes , it applies to mike too . 
  i guess i 'm not the only one who got that strange vibe from him . 
  okay , seriously , if she says that she did n't know , who can prove otherwise ? 
  i understand that not giving an answer is better because you did n't say either yes or no , but still , there 's no proof that she knows . 
  same goes for everyone involved . 
  they could just say that they did n't know . 
  i may be missing something or i just do n't get something , so if there 's somebody who knows something about this , it would be great if you told me why ? 
  same thing i thought of . 
  this seems like it could be make into something bigger , but of course , for the sake of the plot , it wo n't . 
  yeah , the whole thing seems dumb to me too . 
  i 'm not a lawyer and lying under oath is obviously a crime . 
  i get that . 
  however , there 's no proof that donna knew or anyone else for that matter . 
  mike does have a diploma from harvard and has `` passed '' the bar exam , so ... yeah . 
  god damn it , stop objectifying potatoes !, 
  can we at least for once say `` beautiful potato '' instead of `` hot potato '' ?? 
  it looks awesome :3, 
  `` exclusive interview !, 
  exclusive footage !, 
  only our cameras were there !!!, 
  we 're relevant !!! '', 
  even if they prove that mike did n't go to harvard i do n't see what evidence there is that donna knew . 
  she did n't hire him . 
  are n't we all . 
  however , your comment got me thinking . 
  how long with they drag on axe storyline ? 
  so far i 'm loving every second of it , but this dick measuring contest can get stale , fast . 
  and since the name of the show is `` billions '' they are n't tied to bobby , let alone chuck . 
  they could do something similar to true detective . 
  hence the reason why i 'm slowly starting to lose interest in the show . 
  that and it also changes the whole aero . 
  i just notides that side pods are smaller on ferrari , it could be because of the nose too . 
  maybe it 's just a visual trickery , but i find that str has really really tight packaging . 
  holy shit . 
  imo , the show is going good , but sometimes i just ca n't stand how poorly the show is written just for the sake of plot advancement . 
  truck full of supplies that rick and daryl discovered , for instance . 
  i think that this might actually work . 
  best teams wo n't be affected as much in q1 ( just like now ) but there will be more going on in the back of the grid . 
  q2 will offer a lot more action from mid-field teams and they 'll probably run for most of the session and q3 will be just crazy with the best 8 trying to top each other each lap . 
   we as viewers , did n't get to witness any grieving over her, 
  and i 'm glad we did n't , but i agree - it was like a bit random . 
  maybe if they waited a couple of episodes . 
  i do n't understand the reasoning behind this . 
  people always yell how you should n't listen to other people and do what makes you happy . 
  i guess this applies only if you want to shovel food down your throat all day long and do nothing . 
  well you ca n't expect them to be the fastest team on the grid . 
  will see what they got by the time they come to australia , but i do hope they at least fixed their reliability issues . 
  and that 's with last year 's engine . 
  not sure if that 's a good or bad thing , but either way , i hope toro rosso makes some splashes this year . 
  a what now ? 
  i 'm clearly missing the whole puzzle not just a piece . 
  * front wing falls off *, 
  oooooh right that thing . 
  i thought jessica alba went crazy or something . 
  that would be a shame to miss . 
  [ worst part of owning a pickup truck ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvoj1gjw4lg ), 
  of course he did n't . 
  because plot . 
  and the evergreen `` how hard can it be ? '', 
  not bad although the video did mostly focus on assembly . 
  eager to see where this series goes next . 
  i 've learned that assembly is as hard as you want it to be . 
  making a simple program is n't a problem , however when you have to program recursive function to do something complicated ... yeah . 
   the small towns in france that are n't paris are amazing !, 
  any suggestions on which towns to visit ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  thank you very much , 
  / u/alx __ thank you very much , truly . 
  blogline is perfect for what our club needs !, 
  fuck everything what do i do now, 
  you want to get ants ? 
  because that 's how you get ants . 
  well at the time alonso did have one more wdc title to his name .
