  we can analyze to death who was at fault , but from what i 've heard it 's 50:50 , maybe 60:40 , but more or less both drivers made mistakes . 
  let 's not turn this into something that is n't and move on . 
  buy mercedes, 
  change name to mclaren, 
  * salutes * major mistake, 
  even as a ferrari fan i think it 's mad . 
  give those 5 % to the teams that are struggling . 
  that way you give the worst team a fighting chance and create more competition . 
  so progressive . 
  hence cryengine . 
  when you touch that one line of code you 're not suppose to . 
  reverse sweep ? 
  not every part of culture is worth preserving though . 
  i 'll say that for muslims and for my own culture . 
  edit : to the downvoters : i stand by what i said . 
  if somebody 's culture says that you have to mutilate women private parts it does n't make it ok . get it through your liberal sculls . 
  has the track changed from last year ? 
  heard brundle talking about something , not sure , i do n't see anything . 
  i wanted it to be real :(, 
  printers can smell fear . 
  so approach is calmly . 
  my girlfriend started singing this song and i joined in . 
  the only reason i even know this song is because of this commercial . 
  the ending is just priceless . 
  i have a question that may be stupid , but i just do n't get it . 
  at the 22 second mark when he 's going downhill - why does he suddenly move to the center and back to the left side of the track ? 
  like he would be avoiding something . 
  rosberg did this too in yesterday 's fp1, 
  your point being what ? 
   fia action for road safety, 
  it 's in their slogan , so i do n't know what he was expecting ? 
  atta boy ? 
  ah okay , that explains it . 
  it 's not exactly visible on the camera or maybe i have n't been paying attention . 
  it looks good , the car just dances around it . 
  so basically socialism ? 
  a few simple steps :, 
  1 . identify as a woman, 
  2 . get a raise on top of your better payed position, 
  if you 're working for a company like that you better start looking for a new job and do n't even mention where you 're working at the moment . 
  not only do they probably lack vision on where the company is headed , they probably do n't hire based on skills and i do n't imagine anyone talented would work for a company that gives out 8.5 % pay raise for having a vagina . 
  i agree with him completely . 
  i 've noticed myself that people in here sometimes seem to have a grudge against women . 
  feminism suffers from the same problem and we 're battling each other for no good reason . 
  neither mra or feminism should exist . 
  we should be fighting for a better future for both gender and all the races . 
  but i see how this ca n't work . 
  i have no problem with ceo getting money . 
  i care about minimum wage . 
  pay fairly those at the bottom too . 
  what a great way to get your sponsors some recognition . 
  this picture was everywhere . 
  knowing my luck i 'd have green wave all the way to the house . 
  i hope you 're not crossing any lines . 
  i thought of him the second verstappen crashed . 
  this is why it 's better to cash out . 
  he 'll get over it . 
   navy, 
  surely you mean spetsnaz . 
  i 'm going home, 
  next week when he makes a pitstop , horner will jump out of nowhere and slash one tire in front of him . 
  coincidentally , he 's second . 
  i wonder if they 'll do this someday . 
  damage on the car was probably half a million and while it is n't that much , it may matter to some small team that 's barely scraping by . 
  ha , that 's what she said . 
  point he was trying to make was what hamilton said himself in a recent interview . 
  you 're not going to win championships like that . 
  let 's not forget that even though alonso was 5th , he was 85 seconds behind hamilton, 
   this was a smart and long term thinking move by rosberg . 
  was it ? 
  let 's not forget that they 're fighting for a championship and i do n't see how this benefits him in any way . 
  who uses spaces ? 
  literally nobody . 
  fuck red bull , i want to hear what the drivers think . 
  red bull talked shit for 2 season straight about how bad renault engine was . 
  with people like that there 's no winning . 
  no matter what you do or how hard you try , they 'll always find something that offends them . 
  and it gets even worse if you let them have their way once , because then they know you 'll eventually cave in again . 
  so , leave and never turn back . 
  i for one am very sad that they do n't show cockpit camera during the race :( i just love this angle . 
  vettel 's comment is just a cherry on top . 
  say what you want about mclaren-honda but they made last season great . 
  that plus stopping at portier to pray ( i think he said that somewhere ) and the whole podium . 
  oh man , it was amazing . 
  of course the safety car is n't going to be as quick as an f1 car . 
  even if it was , it would ' t be going at full speed , because that 's not why it is there . 
  safety car comes out so that it slows down . 
  they bunch up behind the safety car and lap way slower so that track marshals can do their job or cleaning / repairing the track . 
  even gt-s is n't pushed to the limit of what it can do . 
  i 've made my peace that the show is coming to an end . 
  it 's one of the best shows and it 's better to end on a high . 
  take the wire or breaking bad for example - great show from start to finish which is great when you 're re-watching a show couple of years later . 
  however i 'm going to say this . 
  i 'm pissed as all fuck at cbs for robbing us of a full season . 
  this is of course because the show was n't getting ratings that they wanted , but that 's what happens when scheduling is done by idiots . 
  having a half season is also a problem with tying up all the plots and this is why this season feels a bit rushed . 
  or maybe it 's just me , i do n't know - anyway fuck cbs . 
  it probably means the end . 
  i 'll be seriously pissed if this was just a simulation . 
  we could see a scene where number on machine side starts to go up slowly ?
