  that 's all that counts . 
  driver 's careers do n't end because they did n't finish one race . 
  i understand that they ca n't ask new and original questions every week , but at the same time , questions like this do n't exactly provide anything worth watching . 
  team principle conference is even worse and they could ask some in-depth questions on new parts , but instead they dig for drama . 
  maybe it 's just me , but that 's how i see it . 
  will qualifying take place at night too ? 
  you know , so hamilton does n't get blinded by it and crashes . 
  from horner with love . 
  oh right , kinda forgot about him . 
  he does dig yeah , almost made kvyat cry . 
  frankly , worrying about sauber is silly . 
  of course anything can happen - but i do n't see them as any real threat to mclaren if they give them honda 's engines . 
  sauber ? 
  force india ? 
  even those two are a maybe , but sauber does need money which massa may give them through sponsors . 
  now throw mild colorblindness into the mix and you have yourself a party . 
  more exciting too !, 
  and i 'm not even a marquez fan !, 
  now he can sell this scooter under `` bike that mark marquez drove during qualifying session in assen 2016 '', 
  reminds me of schumacher 's taxi stunt he did . 
  [ for the lazy ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/1572241/michael-schumacher-drives-taxi-in-airport-dash.html ), 
  he also drove a car when he crashed out once . 
  for me it was n't that bad . 
  i knew what most of the parts are . 
  reading graphs is the worst though . 
  but who has psychological advantage ? 
  not only did it cost him the podium for which he and rest of the team worked so hard , but there was also a lot of damage done to the car . 
  when you 're on a tight budget this can set you back quite a lot . 
  my bad , i do n't know where i saw that they were racing in austria o.o, 
  that would be bad news . 
  dacia would probably have some damage . 
  not all muslims you biggot, 
  i 'd also rather see him not do this . 
  these people are n't your typical college sjw who get triggered , these people pull triggers on real guns . 
  i 'm still cheering that we get sainz jr. in the ferrari . 
  ah , it 's difficult to say what really happened . 
  rape and abductions still happen , so there 's a chance that the man wanted to do something , but the way you described it , it looks like she was overreacting . 
  in his defense , i run with a hat and sunglasses too and i occasionally try to keep up or outrun bikers that i meet on the path . 
  so , in my opinion what you should do if you care about your relationship is to drop it , because it 's a lose-lose situation . 
  you 've said what you wanted to say and she should respect your opinion and you should respect hers . 
  but do n't expect her to change her opinion , since it was her friend that she seems to trust . 
  i do n't see why it would n't be possible . 
  ricciardo and verstappen do n't show any signs of switching teams anytime soon , meaning that sainz either stays at str or moves to another team . 
  the latter seems much more likely though . 
  hey now , this is n't a console for a single pixel to be that large, 
  toto let me read you a few tweets that i tweeted with my alt accounts crying about conspiracy, 
  because arzeibazan ( or whatever is that dump called ) is totally on european continent, 
  it was a cultural thing in baku . 
  / u/dwp _ guy knock knock, 
  okay , so what were unanswered questions ? 
  i do n't recall anything not being addressed in the last season . 
  if you 're sad just remember that you 're not a liberal and the world should be better . 
  now i have a sudden urge to program bots that argue with sjw . 
  they would n't know , typing , wasting their time . 
  meh , he only reads tweets from his alt accounts anyway, 
  i missed him too . 
  not that di resta was n't great , but he 's still too green to stand up to crofty . 
  brundle has handle on his crazy ideas . 
  lord have mercy , button would be perfect . 
  um ... what names ? 
  i miss the radio too and i 'd love to hear more communication between drivers and teams . 
  when a team makes mistake and driver has to take penalty : `` it 's a team sport , we should n't have separate penalties '', 
  when debating radio ban : `` drivers should figure it out on their own '', 
  as you can see , something does n't add up . 
  what they want to achieve with radio ban is that they mix up the grid and create some drama so that races are more exciting . 
  in baku it worked really well , with hamilton and raikkonen having problems with wrong modes . 
  well this was more entertaining than whole baku gp . 
  well done . 
  surname is n't such big advantage as you might think . 
  sure , it helps when you 're getting started . 
  maybe you get a few good sponsors and a decent team to show your potential . 
  however , banking just on your surname will soon leave you without a seat . 
  you still have to have some talent ... or money . 
  like i said , surname will get you in , but once you 're in you 'll still have to prove yourself . 
  if you think red bull , mercedes or ferrari will sign him just because he 's michael schumacher 's son you really need a reality check . 
  well he has potential , he did beat ricciardo after all . 
  what about if * he * falls down ? 
  better duct tape his legs too, 
  not to mention `` sustainable food movements '', 
  very beautiful slow motion shots . 
  since you like questions , maybe you should do ama, 
  but what about conspiracy i think we need to address it, 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  just got p9 lite and i installed different launcher after 2 hours of using it . 
  no app drawer was the biggest problem for me . 
  yes crofty ... just put some duct tape on ... what does he think this is ... gp2 ? 
  just wait for next year , they 'll stretch out the grid with new rules like they did in 2014, 
  noooooooo my heart has just sunk for kvyat :( :( :(, 
  skyf1 discussing the rules - my take on it is you ca n't blame the drives for wanting to get away with it . 
  teams bend the rules too and will do anything they can to get an advantage . 
  no i was n't trying to imply that you should blame the track . 
  but you ca n't blame the drivers for wanting to get that extra tenth or two . 
  i 'll eat it anyway sooooo yeah . 
  he 's just looking for conspiracies , leave him alone . 
  why not just punish the drivers instead of putting on extra kerbs that caused quite an accident . 
  drivers do make mistakes , run wide ... punish them , but this cause a nasty accident . 
  yes , but you can simply punish the drivers who go over . 
  problem that i see is that it 's quite a high speed corner and if you go wide , like kvyat , and it breaks your suspension ... 
  those kerbs are there for a reason and i get why they need to be there , but we also have stewards that can look at what is going on and just delete laps or give penalties to drivers that go off the line . 
  go look at best of the best of each sport discipline and you 'll see that nobody is safe from mistakes and neither are f1 drivers .
