  damn it all . 
   steve bannon , the guy making the decisions ,, 
  last week it was putin ... funny how things change . 
  so you try to say that these attacks are staged ? 
  it 's always russians !, 
  oh okay , makes sense . 
  res je . 
  and that 's my biggest problem with electric cars . 
  the price of a base i3 model is around 35.000 $ ( without government subsidies ) and it has a range of around 130 kilometers . 
  it 's not a lot , but to be honest , it would be more than enough for my daily commute , visiting parents , and a short trip here or there . 
  so , where 's my problem ? 
  well , i did the math and figured out that a decent petrol car will be half the price of an i3 . 
  sure , you have to buy gas , but i would have to drive for at least 10 years to make up the difference . 
  plus , i would have to rent a car here or there for those longer trips because i ca n't afford two cars . 
  i want to have an electric car and i 'll definitely get one once they get cheaper and better range . 
   wonder what it would 've been like on the track . 
  if anyone here has any knowledge , please , do share . 
  we want to know , 
  we 're talking about a sensible car . 
  i do n't care about rwd or carbon monocoque in an i3 . 
  i 'd care about those in a sport car . 
  plus , carbon chassis is a bitch if you crash the car . 
  you will probably have to replace the whole thing . 
  always gets me . 
  `` yeah for sure i 'd love verstappen to replace me '', 
  `` you mean fernando alonso ? 
  `` okay , i 'll write down fernando alonso '', 
  $ 10 says that he crashes it . 
  good point piers makes is about how unhappy people were with obama and the direction the country was headed before the election has happened . 
  same with indycar . 
  i love f1 and i wanted to give indycar a fair chance . 
  stream was already bad and there was so many commercials that it was crazy . 
  safety car comes out , they roll commercials for 5 minutes . 
  back to racing and they make 2 full laps before showing commercials again . 
  make me appreciate skyf1 for not having any commercials during the race . 
  \u0160vedi so naredli en velik geto iz svoje dr\u017eave . 
  godler kopira oliverja in hoce bit kot on . 
   recimo kot so to pri nas to recimo ciganska naselja . 
   privacy, 
  can you explain a bit more ? 
  do they have some sort of paparazzi laws ? 
  yellow flag means danger ahead . 
  [ red and yellow stiped flag ] ( http://www.flagmarshal.com/images/small_oil.gif ) is for oil . 
  either way , him waving on the side of the track is stupid . 
  it 's not a racist backlash . 
  it 's a backlash against the current state of affairs in usa , where you 're everything from a racist , biggot , white supremacist ( do n't even have to be white ) , and the ever more popular nazi ( you can be a jew ... ) . 
  people are sick and tired for being called those things after working two jobs just to get by . 
  and to label them racists after they voted for obama in 2008 and 2012 is just shameful . 
  gentlemen , a short view back to the past ... 
  i love how he cracks the nut and everyone waits in silence until he shows two pieces and they go crazy . 
  and which parts are editorialized ? 
  honestly curious . 
   blinded by hate, 
  wait what ? 
  i 'm a trump supporter , did n't even notice `` the donald '' , plus it 's not really an insult . 
  is it ? 
  since it 's nytimes we 're talking about , i 'd say they 're more of a saladholders type of people . 
  okay ^ ^ no ^ ^ need ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ push ^ ^ ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ out, 
  he looks about 10 years younger without goatee, 
  electoral college could as well voted for mellie , even if vargas was alive and well . 
  however , since vargas died and cyrus is going to get locked up , it would n't be so far fetched that ec would hand the election to mellie . 
  she got really close to vargas and it would be the closest thing to respecting people 's choice , even though their first choice was gunned down . 
  in the real world , if this would happen and ec would give the presidency to the person who got second largest vote count , people would riot and there would be never ending conspiracy theories how the other person stole the election . 
   proceeds to hire illegal immigrant construction workers to save cost, 
  for this to be really effective , builders need to be on the mexico 's side of the wall . 
   because fuck flint michigan 's tainted water . 
  fuck the under-funded public education system . 
  fuck the millions of americans who ca n't even go to the hospital without going bankrupt . 
   what we need is a wall . 
  tell that to obama who sent $ 500 million to iran ... 
  it 's good for publicity , it 's good for foreign affairs ... what 's the downside ? 
  and petition of all things ... for fucks sake , these things do n't work . 
  i could listen murray walker narrating anything ... even porn . 
  all while cranking some funky tunes . 
  why would he get impeached ? 
   but you 'd be surprised , even in karting and lower formula 's it 's cut-throat anywhere near the front . 
  if it 's done there , i 'm not surprised in the slightest that f1 world champions are like this . 
  it 's not really surprising . 
  well , it is , but at the same time it 's not because every sport is crazy competitive . 
  even online racing has become unimaginably competitive and not a lot of people can make a career out of it . 
  karting is essentially a breeding ground for future careers in motorsport . 
  do good and you 'll get a sponsor , be the best and you 'll probably get picked up by one of the big boys . 
  either way , it 's crazy at the top and every detail matters , because in the end .001 can be crucial . 
  rosberg even worked on his breathing technique , do n't know if it did any good , but you have to try these types of things , because there is a guy on the grid who has a car that can go just as fast as yours . 
  but ... why ? 
  a res ? 
  sounds amazing :d morem probat :d, 
  hard work beats talent ... 
  looks awesome . 
  now just pop in a v12 and we have a deal . 
  so pa te v veliko bolj\u0161em stanju . 
  nico was n't very good in wet , but you have to take into account that he was ahead and just wanted to finish the race somewhere near the front . 
  verstappen did n't have anything to lose and just went for it . 
  if nico did the same thing and spun out it could 've been over for him as far as championship goes . 
  okay i have a question about those . 
  are those really the best times ? 
  because i can come within half a second of these times with some of the cars . 
  damn , then i guess i 'm not that shitty at all . 
  ziher so hrvati . 
  i have a company phone .
