  why not show verstappen pov ? 
  it would end the arguing ... 
  even skyf1 commentators thought ves made contact , so chill, 
   do n't act like the tiny loan was what made him . 
  so a million dollar loan from your father is a tiny loan ? 
  sure , compared to what he has now . 
  but compared to what kind of a loan my father gave me ... 
  not saying he 's not a good businessman , you have to be to turn that loan into what he has now , but still , the loan certainly did n't hurt . 
  why are you still here then ? 
  all i 'm saying is that verstappen made some pretty crazy moves and comments ... 
  okay , so kimi gets the place back , but he still has damaged car and rosberg can now overtake him easily . 
  it 's reddit , nobody reads the articles , just thd titles . 
  after the `` thank you for your service '' you hear one person clapping . 
  one . 
   `` i 'm not your commander in cheif anymore , but if i were i 'd tell you to be more polite . 
  sit down ! '', 
  that 's what he actually says . 
  i realize it 's ol' rapey bill we 're talking about here , but we ca n't spread lies . 
  we 're not msm, 
  that 's my biggest issue with politics . 
  it 's like watching monkeys at the zoo throwing shit at each other . 
  i wonder how long it 's been since she 's got some good dicking . 
  i feel like someone should ask that question . 
  rosberg was closer and closer even before the incident . 
  yes , it would give kimi a chance to defend , but it would n't have mattered anyway , rosberg would end up in front of him . 
  please no . 
  i can barely stand him in motogp and i do n't watch it as much as f1 . 
   put a wall between them, 
  if you listen closely , you can hear libcucks being triggered, 
  well , link it . 
  jesus christ the music should be illegal . 
  well , one man 's trash ... 
  that 's exactly why i like vsc . 
  it halts the race and nobody gains an advantage . 
  i 'd also recommend go-karting . 
  not everyone may feel the same way , but i feel that it has made me a better driver . 
  if nothing else , your reflexes will improve and you will have yourself some sweet time on the track . 
  this is why i put better tires on the back wheels . 
  i like to think of myself as a pretty good driver and i managed to claw back from oversteer and understeer more than once . 
  but if i have a choice between understeer and oversteer , i 'll take understeer every time . 
  blessing in disguise . 
  b-b-but ferrari said ` next year ' :(, 
  i 'd say it was a combination of the two . 
  exactly . 
   i think i 'd agree with pence more than i do with trump ( not much room for improvement there to begin with ), 
  looking at the vp debate i almost wished pence was the one running for potus : /, 
  sexist too . 
  he winks to the moderator like she 's some sort of a bimbo he 's trying to take home !, 
  very disappointed !, 
   if i was a woman, 
  it 's 2016 , you can be whatever the hell you want to be . 
  you 're kinda late to the party on this one . 
  2014 : it 's a german team !, 
  they want a german champion !, 
  2015 : it 's a german team !, 
  they want a german champion !, 
  2016 : it 's a german team !, 
  they want a german champion !, 
  he 's covered with salt , now he 's bringing his own oil ? 
  is he going to cook something ? 
  motorsport has a comment section ? 
  huh , i guess i was spared that ratchet thing . 
  red bull invested time and money into a lot of drivers and they let them go . 
  imo , sainz is wasting his talent at toro rosso and i would be really glad if they lend him to another team for a year or two , then call him back again or let him go . 
  it 's red bull . 
  if they figure out a way to demote kvyat , they can figure out how to lend sainz to somebody else . 
  i thought the same thing about alonso . 
  `` he does n't need to worry , they 'll let kimi go before they let alonso go '' ... but alonso went first . 
  but did alonso really want to leave or was he pushed out ? 
  it was a question , not a statement . 
   on flipside , the quality of these press conferences can certainly improve . 
  it certainly could , but it wo n't . 
  it 's not that press does n't have questions . 
  they do , good ones . 
  so why do n't they ask those questions ? 
  well , they do , just not at the press conference , because they 'd rather ask them in one-on-one interviews and film the interview which they later use in a show ( paddock pass comes to mind ) . 
  you ca n't use video from press conference . 
  plus , you get extra views on your channel if they tell you something good . 
  motorsport.com journalists do n't care . 
  they do n't have anything like paddock pass , so it 's the same for them if they ask questions directly or at the press conference . 
  flash the light on the back too so that the driver behind sees it . 
  ace player, 
  the driver gets their hands up , marshals start waving yellow flags ... cant do much more, 
  always gets me . 
  it 's a story because it 's hillary who is running for president , not bill . 
  no questions from press ... well that was just sad . 
  this video has it all , does n't it ? 
  v8 , two great laps that are almost identical , and brundle with his perfect analysis . 
  i want at least one button :(, 
  to be fair , it 's fascinating watching mechanics in the garage . 
  i just wish fans could get closer . 
  drivers do n't like answering questions ... who would 've though . 
  as for fans asking questions , it could be interesting for the fans , would certainly bring fans closer to the drivers . 
  worth a try maybe . 
  maybe fans ask questions online and moderator then asks a few questions during the press conference ? 
  from what i 've seen , moderator asks a few questions at the beginning , then he lets press to ask questions . 
  if press wants to ask difficult questions he wo n't stop them . 
  it 's one move that he 's allowed to make . 
  i 'm okay with it . 
  right ?
