  clearly i 've missed something ... 
  imo you ca n't be too careful . 
  mercedes did start a year prior on everyone else iirc . 
  okay , what about sainz ? 
  for most part , kimi is driving way better than previous season . 
  i 'd work for f1 team in a heartbeat . 
  sadly , they do n't hire straight out of university :(, 
   as long as mercedes are dominant , f1 needs these two fighting, 
  apart from last year 's mclaren circus and occasional mercedes drama there was n't much going on to be honest . 
  we had a few good races where mercedes were n't completely dominating , but everyone knew that they 're going to take home both titles . 
  for next year , if ferrari or red bull start seriously snatching points off of mercedes and wcc / wdc is at stake , i 'm sure they 'll give team orders . 
  i 'm not from uk and i looked at every job listing for f1 teams there is and every single one of them says you need years of experience . 
  not exactly unexpected , it is f1 , they need qualified people , but even gp2 or other feeder series teams are n't any different . 
  might try that , have nothing to lose to be honest . 
  both of them then ? 
   dropping like a brick, 
  oh nice , cnn helping with wall . 
  10 feet higher !, 
  brazil played a movie about one of his tough races that he had during opening ceremony of this year 's olympics . 
  [ link for the lazy ] ( http://blackflag.jalopnik.com/brazil-has-a-super-cool-ayrton-senna-f1-themed-olympic-1785162355 ), 
   after what has happened recently . 
  i 'm clearly out of the loop . 
  anybody wan na give me a quick run down ? 
  edit : downvotes for asking a question ... reddit system clearly works . 
  i meant if there 's anything specific . 
  i just remembered belgium airport being attacked , ... 
  trump does n't even have to run a campaign , he can just replay everything obama said about hillary . 
   i was absolutely astonished how people love merchandise . 
  i got about 20 shirts the year when gamescom moves to cologne . 
  i was press so that might have had something to do with it . 
  kinda surprised myself . 
  i 've been marshal for a few years now ( hillclimb and rally ) and we 've always been paid . 
  it was n't much but it was enough for gas money and a dinner at the end of the day . 
  either way , massive respect to all the marshals . 
  putting their lives at risk basically for free . 
  well , he 's not lying . 
  we can all see that toro rosso is a great mid-field team , if you 're a newcomer who wants to prove himself . 
  for someone like kvyat ... well he will have one more chance to prove himself , but other than that ... 
  i thought he was going to give middle finger to all the haters . 
  can you send me one too . 
  it 's amazing !, 
  okay , why ? 
  because reddit system works . 
  e ) you 're missing the point . 
  this is a show . 
  they have to keep it interesting for the viewer . 
  sure , in real world whomever would nail such good compression rate would have no problem selling it to companies around the globe . 
  thanks obama !, 
   twitter post, 
   journalism, 
  yeah , buddy , you 'll have to pick one of the above . 
  and this is n't even trash talk thread . 
  i think the problem is that he has to deal with this on top of everything else he has to do . 
  and dealing with , for instance , spa incident ... 
  i ca n't imagine it 's fun . 
  it really is amazing and we need more submissions like this . 
  silly season is fun , but constantly reading speculation about drivers is getting boring . 
  mods , can we sticky this ? 
  i mean ... would n't you with a beard like that ? 
  a lot of people in here are jumping in the air saying what you should demand from your boss . 
  they 're certainly right , as a manager you should get paid more . 
  way more . 
  but here 's the thing . 
  you have to ask yourself if you want to be a manager in the future . 
  if the answer is no , turn it down and just do what you do . 
  if the answer is yes , then go for it , suck it up for a year or two and wait until something better comes along . 
  most businesses are going to demand at least some experience and it 'll be much easier getting another job as a manager in the future . 
  i do n't think anyone would miss him if he were replaced . 
  well , it 's free practice , i guess he expected magnussen to move . 
  it 's free practice . 
  in most cases drivers just move away from the racing line , letting cars on hot lap through without interfering . 
  magnussen floored it and tried to get some wheel to wheel action going on or something , not leaving enough space for vettel 's liking who then backed off . 
  there was probably enough space for both of them , but vettel did n't like his chances and backed off . 
  last thing you want to do is wreck the car on a saturday before qualifying . 
   meteor strike took out the rest of the field, 
   red flag, 
  wan na bet they just wave double yellows ? 
  so it 's okay to block people who are already on the hot lap because you 're about to start one yourself ? 
  not to mention that there 's another chicane before the start of the lap . 
  there 's not , but drivers just move out of the way when they 're on a warm up lap , driving slowly . 
  well , now we actually agree on something, 
  noticed it myself . 
  is it that unpopular or what was the problem ? 
  i 'd say p6 . 
  of course it all depends on how good of a race have those in front , but ferrari and red bull have shown some pretty good pace . 
  mostly it all depends on how quick he can get passed mid-field teams and how his tires will hold up . 
  spa is n't kind to tires . 
  `` honey , i had a little fender bender ... '', 
  you win some , you lose some . 
  it 's always a gamble and when it works , it works beautifully . 
  vettel left enough space for kimi , but not enough for both kimi and verstappen ... 
  he left enough space for one car , but not two . 
  kimi had nowhere to go once verstappen came on the inside , that 's why there was contact with kimi and vettel . 
  racing incident imo . 
  kvyat better not hit vettel again or he 'll be on the tire cleaning duty by the time we get to monza . 
  he moves all the time . 
  +1 that was amazing, 
  what did sainz do ? 
  well , that 's what you get when you put an 18 year old with a car and hyping him like he 's the second coming of senna . 
  was he visiting maldonado racing school or something ?
