  they convinced a lot of their audience that he is what they say he is , simply because they never investigated for themselves . 
  but anyone who watches it or went to watch where the whole thing started knows that this is bullshit . 
  it 's good , but i do n't like the part around 0:39, 
  haha here we go with the ` fucking white people ' . 
  you have never run a business so you will never know how much damage it does to a business when you do n't show up for a day . 
  god damn snowflakes . 
  no it 's not , not even close . 
  this is life , not a fairytale . 
  clearly some of you feel that you can do as you please without any consequences and will learn sooner or later . 
  contract clearly states that you have to call in if you wo n't show up . 
  that 's pretty reasonable and it was the same at all my previous jobs . 
  failing to call in , i surely would get fired , because my boss would just assume i do n't want to work there anyway . 
  and i 'm sure they would n't get fired if they called in ahead . 
  owner could just spin the story into `` we 're closed due to no immigrant day '' . 
  you have to understand that having 12 no shows in the morning means you have to close your business for a day . 
  you wo n't go under , but the damage can be in thousands and at the end of the months you still have to pay workers , rent , utilities , ... and most of the businesses do n't operate on huge profits . 
  if a corporation with 10k employees has 30 no shows you can shuffle people around and prioritize ( had 5k people under me , this shit happened all the time ) , but not in a small business . 
  they mostly have just enough employees to get by with the work they have to do . 
  whaaaaaaaat, 
   this i agree with , but we do n't have their side of the story . 
  would n't surprise me if he knew all along and is just using it as an excuse . 
  well , if they called in i 'm sure they would tell us that because the outrage would be even bigger and even justified . 
  but they did n't . 
  i have the best fake news ? 
   the greats have an natural advantage, 
  there was a similar line from an interview with toto wolff who said that he took the same lines as the guy in front but he was still pulling away . 
  i wish ron paul would 've been elected instead of obomber ... 
   `` come on up here ... hop over the fence '', 
  cnn : trump builds a fence around his podium , challenges immigrant to jump it . 
  since we 're a very green country , i 'd say the best time would be either summer or early fall . 
  how limited is your vacation time ? 
  it 's quite popular , i know a couple of people who studied it or are learning it in their free time . 
  i was tempted once , too , but realized it would n't be usefull right now and i would just forget most of the things . 
  i think i read somewhere that this is not true , but i 'm not sure right now . 
  [ bled ] ( http://gotravelaz.com/wp-content/uploads/images/bled_3705.jpg ) probably . 
  church in the middle of the lake . 
  but to be honest there are lot of other places too . 
  postojna cave , ptuj ( right now we have carnival ) , river so\u010da , ... 
  when you travel , are you looking to stay inside the cities or are you more of a nature traveler ? 
  if latter is what you look for , do rent a car , because you 'll lose too much time with bus/train to some places . 
  if you 'd like to stay inside the cities , there is fairly good train connection to every city in slovenia . 
  my ex girlfriend already spoke a bit of japanese and we wanted to learn more together , but never got around to it . 
  seemed like a fun idea , maybe i 'll come around sometime . 
  yes , it 's ` pustni karneval ' where there are kurents and much much more . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.slovenia-activity-holidays.com/cooking-classes-ljubljana-1935/ ) maybe ? 
  i thought `` meh , probably a little wobble '' , but holy fuck that was insane . 
  [ see for yourself ] ( http://www.kurentovanje.net/galerija ) . 
  there is around 1500 different masks or something like that . 
  you gon learn today . 
   but she gets tired after a couple hours and needs a nap . 
  with the amount of energy a husky has , i 'm going to assume it is your wife that needs to take a nap . 
  did you just assume your gender ??? 
  she gets screwed because nobody listens to her . 
  you 'd think that after all this time somebody would 've put 2 and 2 together and realize that she talks sense . 
  but it 's a tv drama , so what can you do . 
  hell or high water mislim , da je edini film , ki sem ga pogleal med temi in je res dober film . 
  but he is right about press being controlled . 
  well , maybe it 's not controlled , but they 're certainly lying a lot . 
  because most of the things you read about him is taken out of context . 
  he 's said some shit , but most of the time it 's just something media has taken out of context to fuel the outrage . 
  because anyone can follow news since they 're on the internet . 
  i may be in slovenia , but i know a lot because i read/listen/watch a lot . 
  to be honest , most of the time it is n't even hard to see when things are taken out of context . 
  anyone who follows pewdiepie drama knows what i 'm trying to say . 
  born too late to explore earth . 
  born too early to explore space . 
  born just in time to post dank memes . 
  bbc most recently probably . 
  well that 's certainly a surprise for me . 
  i 'd think that if it was such a big deal that bbc let all 3 walk away that jeremy would be banned from ever stepping foot in the building . 
  good to know, 
  the car looks good and so does the livery , but for the love of everything that is holy these race suits just do n't work for me . 
  `` he shot me he shot me '', 
  well you were throwing stones into the house , what did you expect , tea and crumpets ? 
  alonso on suicide watch . 
  as much as i 'd love to binge the whole season , i like that i have to wait a week before another episode . 
  that way i can think about the last episode while i wait for the new one and look through episode discussion thread to see if i missed anything . 
  whoever designed this deserves a proper punch in the face . 
  whoever approved the design deserves a full on beating . 
  motherfuckers . 
  your ex got money and a cool car , but man , you just ca n't deal with the rest . 
  you also lose much of the ground effect . 
   what is the weather typically like at that time ? 
  spring weather . 
  warm with a little rain from time to time . 
  google for more accurate info . 
   will most roads and natural sites be accessible ? 
  most if not all , yes . 
   are there any specific things you suggest that i should do ( or avoid ) during this time of year ? 
  thank you !!, 
  slovenia.info should have all the info . 
  i 'm surprised he did n't cut her off sooner . 
  she was just rambling and talking over him . 
  that 's not a discussion . 
   northern border wall, 
  it wo n't happen . 
  mexico has a lot of money , but i doubt they have enough for two walls !, 
  fia is looking for people with business background if you 're interested . 
  you can find a job pretty much everywhere . 
  can we please not submit and upvote articles that add no value to this subreddit ?
