  you have people openly saying what a great thing orlando shooting was , yet people still defend them . 
  what needs to happen that will finally make them open their eyes ? 
  i do n't get your reasoning . 
  i do n't see how this leads to secret trials . 
  you 'll still be able to have a lawyer and everything will be the same . 
  the only difference is that they do n't name who is on trial . 
  that way if the accused was to be found not guilty he does n't get his life ruined . 
  however , if the accused was to be found guilty , run the story and let it take it 's course . 
  i do n't even know how you can sue anyone over this . 
  it just seems too idiotic to be true . 
  if you have any chance of renting a car , rent it . 
  i did a day trip from ljubljana to worthersee back to kranjska gora and through soca valley . 
  so beautiful . 
  or the playoffs, 
   asshole born in ny, 
  seems like she wants to start blaming the white men and patriarchy, 
  yeah well , that 's how the feminists try to paint us . 
  but we must be smarter than them and allow ourself to admit that while there are problematic people , not everyone is . 
  true and for some time now , islam has the biggest body count . 
  something needs to change in people 's heads . 
  i simply do n't believe it . 
  some of them are completely normal , with normal families who are religious but do n't want to take their religion to extreme points where they kill other people . 
  that 's all neat and dandy , but still , every religion has people who just want to be left alone and live their life . 
  read up on islamic crusades . 
  nico should do the same . 
  he 's never going to win a championship this way ... 
  exactly . 
  i do n't know why he 's so afraid . 
  he 's was more than one race win ahead . 
  if they both get dnf nothing changes . 
   shark fan, 
   husband, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  on a completely unrelated matter i know a great divorce lawyer :d, 
  at first i thought that it was last of us sequel , but then it felt like those soa and lou merged into one great game, 
  holy shit . 
  i hope they can deliver another great game . 
  i really really enjoyed heavy rain . 
  so you 're justifying terrorist attacks with `` yeah but america killed muslims too '' ... 
  both are bad and wrong , but it does n't make it right anyhow . 
  like i said , both are wrong . 
  however , islamic extremists are killing in the name of allah . 
  they do n't care who they bomb or shoot , they just want to kill everyone and everything . 
  including you and me . 
  drone operators do n't just shoot at whoever is in their sight ... 
  [ and a simple chart of civilians vs terrorists killed ] ( https://outofcentralasianow.files.wordpress.com/2009/12/strikes_civilian-casualties_2006-2009202809300929.jpg ), 
  you can laugh at this , but i 'd rather see game developers take time to finish the game , than to rush and release half ass game that has 500 mb update day one . 
  can anyone clue me in why the outrage ? 
  microsoft and sony buy exclusivity all the time . 
  okay , but where 's the problem with saying `` hey , we 'll give you money if you develop a game that supports our vr '' ? 
  if it was your company and you had some money to throw around you would too . 
  it 's not the most moral thing , but it 's legal and that 's how you get in front of your competition . 
  you could as well argue that exclusive games are also bad for consoles . 
  in reality , this is a partnership between two companies and it 's nothing new in the business , but for some reason everybody is losing their mind over this particular case . 
  however , answer me this - how would you feel if facebook straight up bought 10 development studios ? 
  you ca n't go fast enough . 
  other teams are catching them and the rest of the grid is bunching together nicely as well . 
  it took a while , but with the rules staying the same for next season i 'm sure we would have a proper fights with lots of overtaking . 
  it may seem like mercedes is just dumping sandbags , but trust me when i say that they 're working very hard to stay where they are because of how competitive f1 is . 
  not really no . 
  got pc and two consoles simply because i do n't want to miss out on good games . 
  my question still stands . 
   [ deleted ], 
  what are we , / r/news ? 
  there 's one more episode though . 
  yet you still have n't answered my question, 
   because i believe in treating everyone the same under the law . 
  i think that we all feel the same way and that is what is important . 
  you can label yourself whatever you want , but at the end of the day , it only matters what you did . 
  as for me , i 've always supported equality , but i just do n't agree with what feminism is preaching right now . 
  i could get behind feminism back in the day when they tackled the real issues , like women not being allowed to vote etc. 
  the milo 's press conference , will it be live and where ? 
  you shitlord , just because he looks like a dog does n't mean he 's a dog . 
  maybe he identifies as a cat !, 
  such a biggot . 
  god damn , last week i want to take an umbrella with me , just in case it rains . 
  as i 'm reaching for it , i remember this bit and i can just hear bill screaming `` what a faaaaaag '', 
  great bit though . 
  oh rest assured they see . 
  i 'm dying to see rosberg fight back , even if he gets the penalties , but if he was that kind of a driver , he would do it already . 
  well , this is a partnership between two companies . 
  very common in business . 
  if facebook bought 10 studios to develop games just for them , nobody would have anything to say . 
  i 'm not supporting this move either , but it 's legal and what companies do when you give them the opportunity to get ahead of their competition . 
  i 'm really glad that williams pit crew got their shit together and , so far , performed better than anyone . 
  yeah , i just got notification . 
  fuck yes . 
  hahahah ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ just it 's ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ go really ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ with funny ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ it, 
  `` just go with it '' is superscript, 
  yeah , it needs some color , even though i think it looks fantastic . 
  yeah , we had a guy crash literally 20 meters from the finishing line . 
  it was a sad sight . 
  short answer would be envy . 
  most women would want a body like that . 
  she 's really fit , has boobs and looks good . 
  basically what most men are after . 
  there are some men who like their girlfriends to be on the heavy side , nothing wrong with that , but there 's not really a huge market for fat people . 
  fat does n't look good on anyone . 
  because everyone can be fat , but not everyone can be fit . 
  being fit requires restraint , it requires discipline , and of course hard work .
