lol . 
  do you realize what would happen to the us if it were a true democracy ? 
  it would be run entirely by california and new york . 
  that 's the point of the electoral college . 
  to make sure that does n't happen . 
  right , we 're not a democracy . 
  we 're a republic . 
   the american people might be the dumbest in the world haha, 
  this is entirely by design . 
  so that places like la and nyc do n't run the country . 
  no he did not . 
  he said this does n't happen in other countries , no context of timespan between attacks . 
  and he said this in paris . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4wdxcv6j1s in the first 30 seconds . 
  man , civilization is a great game . 
  i mean , i 've had all sorts of laws and requirements and other shit , id o n't want , i do n't think will work , etc , imposed on me . 
  i have never said i hate others who voted for that shit . 
  i will disagree and argue with them about such things , but still be friends . 
  i think that is the way adults are supposed to behave . 
  ahhh , its ok when you do that to other people , but not in reverse . 
  got it . 
  more annoyed that adults , are n't being adults . 
  or do n't grow up and continue to pout and throw a tantrum over not getting your way . 
  and tell people you hate them , just like a 2 year would to his parents , when they do n't let him do something . 
  if you , and the rest of this sub , `` really really hate '' people for voting differently , you really really need to grow up . 
   i really really hate you . 
  grow up . 
  umm , yes , there are various forms of checks and balances . 
  however the president has no control over the legislature . . like i said . 
  well , i 'm not exactly sure where the terms came from . 
  but your prime minister is the lead of the executive and legislative bodies ? 
  our presidents have no say over the legislature . 
   but you 're right , there is a problem , just it might not be the one you think it is . 
  oh boy , here we go , i have to defend t_d . 
  you have not made a single point , but yet get upvoted . 
  yes they shit post non stop , and make stupid jokes , does anyone deny that ? 
  do they have a point ? 
  well , in this case , yes . 
  to deny there is n't a problem with islamic terrorism is pc culture taken way too far . 
  fuck u redcoat i `` m never apologizing, 
  nice way of not addressing my point . 
  i would think that being able to afford a house , would kind of make vancouver not livable for quite a few people . 
  and not being able to afford a house or rent in sf , kind of makes it even worse . 
  i did not once compare american cities to european cities . 
  but there are far more livable places than san francisco , where you have to be making what ? 
  150k + to afford to live ? 
  aka this list is bullshit . 
  it 's hard for me to take seriously , any list that says vancouver is highly livable . 
  want to own an house ? 
  san francisco , highest us city , is even worse . 
  livable ? 
  please . 
  but these lists are really just for circle jerking anyways . 
  this whole thread is a shitpost , and i shitposted too . 
  lol . 
  whatever . 
  i 'll remember to never joke in this sub again . 
  hey , i have a better idea swiss . 
  join the usa . 
  you can say fuck you to the eu in one of the biggest ways , and it probably would n't affect your laws too much either . 
  sweet , now i 'm german . 
   but the whole waifuculture is more a kind of joke you sure ? 
  i see , you 're just anxious to say some holier than thou shit about the us , and will use anything tangentially related . 
   you have to get a carry permit , in order to that you have to pass a fairly stringent test , where at least 50 % of candidates fail . 
  nothing to do with where criminals get their guns . 
  sigh . . well there goes 5 minutes . 
  if you know anything about gun statistics in america , you 'd know the people legally carrying are not causing problems, 
  lol . . i mean , sure , we absolutely have our problems . 
  and i 'm sure your country is a utopia . 
  but you 're dramatically overstating these things . 
  hmm then my mistake . 
  does n't singapore hate the us ? 
  this is almost some ussr type shit lol . 
  i mean , to be completely fair , it 's a little of column a and a little of column b. 
   they 're the biggest threat to our civilization . 
  calling me a redcoat . . that hurts :(, 
  just realized it calls subscribers europeans . 
  time to unsub . . 
  how is trump corrupt ? 
  of all the things i could point to and say about trump , i do n't think corrupt fits the bill . 
  hypocritical the closest . 
  ahh , you 're not married . 
  why ? 
  and just because you 've been taught something doens ' t mean you 're going to remember it . 
  umm , well i 've had many foreigners that do n't seem to understand that . 
  why should they know the details of how another country works . 
  and besides the way the us works and the history behind it , is far simpler than the way the uk has worked . 
  yes it 's easy enough to understand that the uk has 4 countries . 
  but then , like that whole paragraph i wrote , it becomes a lot more complicated and not always obvious to an outsider , what is what . 
   people colloquially call the republic of ireland ` ireland ' according to wikipedia , this is incorrect . 
   there have been various names for the state that is today officially known as ireland . 
  their passport also says ireland . 
  my passport does not just say america . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/england_and_wales sounds to me like wales is n't entirely it 's own country . 
  so maybe province is n't the right word . 
  but whatever . 
  i do n't say that it 's a lack of education when someone does n't understand some part of how the us works . 
   you do n't need to tell me to fuck of sorry . 
  i was trying to be funny . 
  as if it 's not fucking confusing .
