  that however does n't make it ` right ' for the * country * to stay in the european union . 
  they have come to that view through the same media manipulation accused of swaying working class people in the other direction , that or they are furthering their own causes . 
  none of that is to do with intelligence . 
  just because you go to university does not mean you 're able or more importantly willing to use critical thinking in every aspect of your life and avoid the echo chambers created by self-segregation . 
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------- the british empire as an imperial , geopolitical unit has n't been relevant for most people since the mid-1960s . 
  international military or power rankings for most people , especially the precarait you refer to , are meaningless , even when britain is in a good spot . 
  no one wants to increase british territory or hold uninvited sway over foreign governments . 
  wanting to be a self-governing nation today and for the foreseeable future like every other nation in the world outside the eu is only a bygone concept in the eyes of people who support increased globalisation and social internationalism . 
  i believe that the 21st century will see the total return to the nation state with the decline of the eu and failure of other such organisations like asean . 
  fundamentally because the existence of such institutions threatens national cultures in states which have formed almost naturally over hundreds if not thousands of years . 
  who would want to live in a place like belgium or luxembourg which have almost no original culture left . 
  i used to support the eu as a way to maintain european relevance on the world stage or as a mechanism to solve cross-border issues , but it seems wholly inept . 
  immigration is compounded by the eu . 
  hate preachers can not be expelled because of european human rights conventions . 
  islamic terrorism in europe is a more potent threat now because of the acceptance of too many ` refugees ' . 
  i also fundamentally oppose core eu policies such as unilateral european carbon emissions reduction which will harm european economies and have no impact on global warming as african countries like the congo have n't even begun to industrialise and will make european emissions even at today 's level inconsequential . 
  i think the rise of the brics is exaggerated . 
  russia has no future demographically speaking . 
  brazil will only ever be a regional power contained by the usa even if it sorts out deep corruption and social and economic issues . 
  i do n't think india will reach the level of china in 2007 because of its geography and culture and south africa should n't even be included in the list anymore . 
  i do n't think the eu needs to unify further to counteract the rise of these countries or even those in the mint group . 
  fundamentally for me , even if i somehow believe that the uk risks falling to somewhere like 16th place in international relevance , knowing that british people shaped by british cultures and values will be the ones to shape the uk 's social future is what is important to me . 
  regardless of things like the shape of bananas , most british people oppose left-wing concepts held across much of europe , like the idea of allowing convicted prisoners to vote . 
  for me and millions of others in the uk , the eu has failed to safeguard long-standing societal values and that 's why it became as big an issue as immigration which is the other existential threat to national culture . 
  this comment is pretty deluded to be honest . 
  voting to leave the eu does n't mean you are ` uneducated ' . 
  the uk is n't home to vast swaths of uneducated people . 
  [ the legatum prosperity index 2016 ranks the uk 6th globally in education . ] ( http://www.prosperity.com/rankings ) . 
  from what i can tell you are portuguese . 
  perhaps it makes more sense to concede to a pan-european identity if you are portuguese but , for many people all around the world , nationality is a core part of their identity . 
  wanting to be a fully independent nation or disliking the european union is n't wanting to go back to the 19th century , and in anycase , the uk remains a great power as the world 's 5th largest economy , a global military power , a cultural superpower and much else . 
  european integration has rarely been supported in the uk . 
  it 's more likely that the eu will fall apart over the next ten years than the uk deciding to rejoin . 
   i mean , i dont even think of scots as brits . 
  then you 're possibly incredibly stupid or misinformed . 
  scottish ` independence ' is less likely now than it has been in years and there wo n't be another referendum until the 2030s i 'd wager . 
  said referendum will also have scots vote to remain in the uk because , like all * unfounded * populist revolts , reason will prevail . 
  the uk outside the eu has a viable future . 
  scotland outside of the uk does not . 
  the uk has real problems today with the eu . 
  scotland does not with the ruk . 
  british people have a shared kinship with each other throughout the british isles . 
  british and europeans have kinship to a much lesser extent with only select countries . 
  scotland has n't been a viable nation state since the 1600s . 
  yorkshire has more potential in many ways . 
  these articles never have any real claims or evidence . 
  what does ` significant number ' mean ? 
  these articles are only produced to keep up a constant dramatic bombardment of sensationalist fear-mongering for civilian consumption . 
   `` the cost of a so-called `` hard brexit '' to revenues in britain 's financial services sector has been estimated to be as high as # 38bn , with up to 75,000 jobs in the firing line . '', 
  the figure of ' 75,000 jobs ' has probably been plucked from thin air , but let 's suppose it 's accurate : [ government sources ] ( https://www.cityoflondon.gov.uk/business/economic-research-and-information/statistics/pages/research-faqs.aspx ) say that there are over 1,000,000 financial jobs in the uk . 
  therefore a loss of 75,000 financial jobs is a decrease of 7.5 % . 
  the same source claims that the financial sector , generously combined with professional services , constitutes 11.8 % of total economic output for the uk . 
  ** thus a reduction of 7.5 % in the financial sector is a mere reduction in total economic activity for the entire british economy of just 0.8 % ** worth it to be a completely self-governing nation again in my opinion . 
  even better if it gives ireland some crumbs in the process . 
  yes i do keep seeing that said but i 've not actually found a source for it as of yet . 
  i personally believe that scotland joining the eu at all would be too risky for spain , and that when the time comes regardless of whoever 's in power they 'd try to resist it as a matter of vital national interest . 
  i even suspect that it might be in spain 's interest to keep silent and ` allow ' scotland to vote to leave the uk before then making their position clear to block scottish membership of the eu in hopes that scotland either cancelling independence or subsequently suffering economically would make catalans less inclined to push for their own independence . 
  there 's no way she can force westminster to do anything . 
  the eu referendum was announced to occur if the conservatives won the 2015 general election in [ january 2013 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21148282 ) . 
  thus as that was always a possibility , when scots voted in 2014 to remain as a constituent member of the united kingdom , they voted to remain regardless of whatever the uk 's place in europe would be . 
  there were no guarantees about scottish membership of the eu in the 2014 independence debate , it was merely pointed out by the ` no ' campaign that scotland would almost certainly not be able to join the eu on its own . 
  there has thus been no unprecedented or unforseen change regarding scotland 's place in the uk , which even if present was only a suggested trigger for another scottish independence referendum for the snp . 
  that referendum was a `` once in a generation '' event . 
  theresa may at every opportunity has stated her intention to keep the union intact and as long as she is prime minister there will be no move towards another independence referendum , that can be guaranteed . 
  there 'll likely be no such referendum for 20 to 30 odd years , and that will be necessary so scotland can try and solve is disastrous financial situation . 
  it 's currently propped up by english money and a single failing commodity . 
  scotland has an aged , unhealthy population , comparatively limited potential for future development and will likely still be unable to join the eu as other eu nations will wish to stem their own regions that have independence movements . 
  it 's not unforeseeable that in a decade 's time bavaria or brittany will develop stronger regional identities which would further reduce support for scottish membership of the eu . 
   the uk 's leadership look like blustering idiots with no idea what they are doing or where they are going . 
  in the 21st century and after continued exposure to social media , ` the public ' have tricked themselves into believing that every important event unfolds over the course of a few weeks much in the same way the olympics or a natural disaster does . 
  it only appears as though the uk government is incompetent in this aspect because of drama-focused 24-hour news coverage and social media which allows in a drought of information the passing comments of a minor minister to be presented as an official statement . 
   the leave voters often appear absolutely clueless - like in that video from northern england posted recently asking people why they voted leave . 
  over 17 million brits voted to leave the eu , and we ca n't all be dismissed as either purposely racist and xenophobic or stupid or failing that of having been manipulated through false promises . 
  an equal proportion of people who voted to remain in the eu would have done so for reasons as faulty as someone may have voted to leave . 
  a small group of vocal precariat leave voters specifically selected by the london-centric , left-leaning media are not representative of people who voted to leave at all . 
  there 's no conspiracy theory as such , but such videos are purposely misleading . 
  i do n't identify as such . 
  i think a large part of what you describe is because of the most recent financial crisis , the effects of which still have n't been entirely overcome in most western nations . 
  i think there 's a cultural component . 
  david cameron certainly tried to invoke the british ww2-style sentiment of ` make do and mend ' or ` keep calm and carry on ' with his slogan of ` we 're all in this together ' . 
  rightly or wrongly , for all the anti-austerity marches and demonstrations , i think across much of ` middle england ' , the concepts of ` making sure we live within our means ' and the need to ` tighten our belts ' were very much ` accepted ' and have been further reinforced since the divergence of the uk and french economies which occured after the uk continued with early austerity measures while france taxed the rich instead . 
  the uk economy has done markedly better than france 's has done since that point . 
  pure , unspecialised data on income inequality in the uk does n't show whether there are more poor people in the uk compared to any other nation for example . 
  it just shows that there is a high concentration of multi-millionaires and such . 
  there 's no benefit in driving the rich away who actually go some way to creating more wealth and jobs via investment . 
  to quote mrs thatcher : [ `` what the right honourable member is saying , is he would rather the poor were poorer , provided the rich were less rich '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdr7ww3xr9c ), 
  this article is an abomination . 
  it essentially says `` that because europe itself is ( supposedly ) made up of ` migrants ' and ` refugees ' , we should just let everyone in and make do with whatever new europe we get to stave off ` cultural inertia ' ( that in itself is an insult to europe , the continent home to the world 's most advanced cultures as it is ) . 
   europe is connected by a common history of exile , but also a history of finding home away from home . 
  and that , as it happens , is also how the idea of cosmopolitanism comes about vile lie - only been justified in this article by referencing ancient minoan legend . 
   the italian renaissance invents artists and scholars who think of themselves as citizens of the world and `` exult '' in their freedom from being constrained by fixed residence . 
  they more likely viewed themselves as ` citizens of the * european * world ' . 
  they did n't feel connected with the chinese or arabs - they could n't have done . 
   it is certainly instructive to compare this with the cultural and political nativism of the current british government , which continues to avoid the question of european citizens living on its territory after brexit -- reducing their fate to a bargaining chip in brexit negotiations , reducing them to mere strangers . 
  nonsense - it is the eu who has failed to guarantee the rights of brits in the eu , even though the uk had already indicated that eu citizens could stay in the uk . 
  since there has been no reciprocation from the eu , the uk has had to soften that guarantee and be more ambiguous to maintain strength in negotiations , which would go less well for the uk if unilaterally offering to safeguard eu citizens in the uk without uk citizens safeguarded in the eu . 
   the great royal houses and dynasties of europe 's past , including the windsors in the uk , who until 1917 were known more accurately as saxe-coburg and gotha , are exemplary specimens of impurity it does n't mean a thing if the queen comes from a mostly german family . 
  it does n't link the uk and germany in any way today more than a volkswagen might . 
  there are real bonds between the uk and germany but the royal family sure is n't one . 
   according to polish sociologist zygmunt bauman , europe is an `` unfinished adventure '' that is `` allergic to borders '' .
