  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/5376602.stm ), 
  unemployment is not shared equally among the british population , with younger people and the working-class experiencing higher rates of unemployment . 
  the jobs these individuals would normally take in unskilled retail or factory work have been taken by eu migrants . 
  it 's no surprise that more working-class people voted to leave the eu because of this . 
  it 's the same phenomenon occurring throughout the entire west but particularly in europe . 
  [ this source ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/05/the-working-class-vote-explains-the-rise-of-austrias-far-right/ ) says that in austria , 86 % of the ` working class ' voted for the freedom party , which concerns itself with the issues i 've mentioned in my previous post . 
  maybe because kent and london are in the same country and are bordering each other , or because london is a behemoth compared to kent and can easily support workers from kent . 
  london finances much of the rest of the country through mass wealth transfer - none of this is comparable to the situation between different eu member states . 
  it does n't really matter how many austrians are working in other eu states , because in all likelihood most are well-educated professionals who have emigrated into roles in which they are suited for , while through no fault of their own , migrants to austria are likely to be poorer or less-educated as a whole and therefore more likely to take traditional working-class jobs in austrian communities , sowing social strife which can no longer be solved by the austrian government . 
  eventually such social discord will lead to stronger anti-eu sentiments across the ` more-developed ' nations of the eu . 
  every country should have the ability to put its own people first . 
  it is policy which asks people to abandon their own sense of kinship which will continue to weaken the eu and lead to more withdrawals . 
  why on earth should someone in their own country not have a superior chance of getting a job than someone from elsewhere when there is not a skills shortage ? 
  there is no justification . 
  [ you really think so ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1hdciw2xtk ) i suggest you watch all of it . 
  not to be a party pooper but ` confirmed by the chinese government ' is n't a phrase that fills me with much confidence . 
  is the image posted a proposal for a new irish flag to reflect this new relationship ? 
  well slow down now , it 's only a referendum on restarting ascension talks which could stall just like last time or fail to pass a subsequent referendum if one is called . 
  irish republicans did n't vote because they knew they would n't win . 
  if there was enough support they would n't have boycotted it . 
  northern ireland will never join the south . 
   and you know very damn well that the scottish referendum was under the express stipulation that the uk remain an eu member !, 
  what are you even talking about you are so uninformed . 
  you find me where any guarantee was made of continued eu membership . 
  there was no such thing - simply a warning that scottish membership of the eu as an independent state was not guaranteed . 
  [ david cameron suggested a eu referendum in january 2013 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21148282 ) , long before the scottish referendum in september 2014 . 
  how about you ask the majority of scots who voted to stay in the uk and the majority of northern irish people who voted to stay in the uk when they last voted . 
  who has actually voted to stay in the eu ? 
  oh that 's right , all the other eu countries are too afraid to let their own people decide what they want . 
  i would n't have said it if i did n't believe it . 
  you only need basic knowledge of the eu to know it to be true , but look here : article 19 ( 2 ) of the treaty on european union :  2 . 
  in accordance with article 24 ( 3 ) , member states represented in international organisations or international conferences where not all the member states participate shall keep the other member states and the high representative informed of any matter of common interest . 
   ** member states which are also members of the united nations security council will concert and keep the other member states and the high representative fully informed . 
  member states which are members of the security council will , in the execution of their functions , defend the positions and the interests of the union ** , without prejudice to their responsibilities under the provisions of the united nations charter . 
  the uk , even at the highest chamber of the united nations , is bound to defend the interests of the european union . 
  furthermore , when via the cfsp common european policy is agreed , it is unalterable without unanimity and therefore is weak and unyielding during bilateral talks with third parties . 
  outside the eu , the uk can forge a dynamic , new role , enhancing its position as the international crossroads between north , south , east and west . 
  oh stop your embarrassing rambling . 
  * every * country today is a shadow of its former self when compared to at its apex when regarding geopolitical power . 
  the difference is , that compared to most other former imperial nations , the uk , along with france , has remained a ` great power ' . 
  let me interrupt your fantasies with some realities . 
  * despite a much lower ` productivity rate ' compared to france and germany , the uk is [ still ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) the world 's 5th largest economy and is forecast to become the largest economy in europe by the 2030s . 
  this is somewhat due to demographic forecasts and the decline of the german working population . 
  * the uk is a recognised nuclear power and spends the 3rd largest amount in the world on its military after the usa and china . 
  it has one of only 3 ` blue water navies ' capable of sustained global projection . 
  the ` special relationship ' with the usa remains strong , especially in vital areas such as nuclear cooperation . 
  * the uk has a permanent seat at the united nations security council , the most senior chamber of the un and can therefore veto resolutions . 
  * the uk has one of the highest cultural capitals in the world , with british music , literature , film and art , medieval and modern , enjoy almost unrivaled presence around the world . 
  the only country with a higher international cultural presence is the usa . 
  * the uk is home to the world 's largest financial centre , the city of london , and is a world leader in finances , pharmaceuticals , military arms , aerospace , and to a lesser extent petroleum , beverages and agriculture . 
  * the uk is home to top ranking educational centres and has produced the second highest number of nobel laureates . 
  * scotland has already held a referendum on independence and scots voted to remain part of the uk . 
  this was a ` once in a generation event ' so there likely wo n't be another vote until the 2030s , by which point the uk will have continued to have prospered and support for independence will recede as it always has done . 
  and much , much else . 
  i only say this to counteract your unwarranted posturing . 
  it is the european union , which you clearly value looking at your flair , which faces existential crisis . 
  it is oftentimes the supporters of the eu who can be the most fervent nationalists , with grand delusions of becoming a superpower , becoming geopolitically independent from the usa and swallowing up north africa to secure territory for solar plants . 
  for the eu to succeed it will need to further integrate . 
  even if you can take away the prime identities of people who have lived in countries thousands of years in the making , you will never get them to agree to the mass transfer of wealth from the northwest to the southeast . 
  unless the eu reverses course and reverts to a loose social alliance it will collapse entirely , as it is a rootless , artificial union imposed on too broad a people . 
  the uk can reclaim more geopolitical power outside of the eu as it will no longer be bound by the common foreign and security policy . 
  sweetheart , you clearly have anger issues that are beginning to bubble up in every comment you make . 
  no wonder your account is only 20 days old , you must keep getting banned . 
  i 'll thank you not to reply to any more of my comments . 
  go play some ` futmobile ' and calm down : -3, 
  dividing gdp as a measure of economic output by the population of a country does n't say anything about ` wealth ' in the way it is semantically understood , and especially not in a way that is useful . 
  ` billionaires ' is a vague , somewhat abstract term i 've used to refer to anything from purchases by billionaires or commodity exports . 
  such measurements that are derived from such data are n't able to measure the wealth of a nation 's citizenry , which is the what i believe many readers expect to have read about in an article titled this way . 
  using gdp per capita , even adjusted for ppp , as a starting point to assess wealth at all in any calculation of national wealth is fundamentally flawed . 
  the ` presence ' of a few millionaires or billionaires in a country greatly distorts this number and makes it meaningless . 
  does anyone really believe that the average person in qatar is almost 3 times ` richer ' than the average person in denmark ? 
  it 's time this misleading , out-of-date measurement was discarded . 
  if european countries were going to help homeless people , why would they help migrants instead of their own people ? 
  no one is forcing these migrants to stay in europe . 
  they know the journey back to where they came from . 
  i hear saudi arabia is nice and warm this time of year , so alternatively they could go see how welcome they are at the apparent home of islam . 
  where 's that islamic goodwill they 're always going on about ? 
  zakat is supposed to be one of the 5 pillars of islam . 
  cool ... i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say , but being scottish is n't relevant at all here really . 
  being scottish does n't enable you to gauge any more accurately the level of support for independence in catalonia than anyone else who is n't experienced and knowledgeable of catalan socio-political issues . 
  the 2014 referendum in scotland was n't the first of its kind obviously !, 
  scotland and catalonia are not in similar situations at all . 
  catalonia 's relationship with the rest of spain is n't the same as scotland 's relationship with the rest of the uk . 
  scotland has n't experienced the same ` mistreatment ' catalonia has . 
  scotland is n't an economic benefactor to the rest of the uk , while catalonia is to spain . 
  in estonia in 1991 , 78.4 % of voters voted for independence from the ussr . 
   or sixth or seventh now , depending on how you calculate it !, 
  [ the bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) says that the uk is still the world 's 5th largest economy , and rightly so . 
  the uk economy has n't shrank or stagnated . 
  any fluctuation reported elsewhere is because of the devaluation of the pound , which will likely be a temporary decline , slowly reversed over a few years . 
  the uk remains the fastest-growing major advanced economy and is forecast to become the largest in europe by the 2030s . 
  bulgaria gets 5x more spent on it from the eu budget than it contributes . 
  maybe you should be concerned about what will happen when 11 % of the eu budget leaves with us . 
  the growth is n't * because * of brexit , it is in spite of the vote . 
  it shows the strength and resilience of the uk economy . 
  intelligence certainly is n't defined by educational qualifications . 
  the debate over the eu is not so complex an issue that only those with degrees can understand it adequately , especially not in the 21st century when one can get degrees in worthless fields such as ` italian ' , ` journalism ' , media and music which hardly require great intelligence . 
  it 's more valid to claim , that just like with the less-wealthy population , that the specific and niche interests and media outlets have shaped middle class peoples ' views on the european union . 
  either that or they as a group receive a tangible benefit from being in the european union .
