  just because this is happening all over western europe does n't mean it is normal or right . 
  no one approved it , no one voted for it and you ca n't force it on societies that have been built up over hundreds , if not thousands of years . 
  i think you 'll find that it 's * london * that runs everything actually . 
  the most disenfranchised groups in the uk today are the various english identities who have no ` special recognition as a minority ' afforded to scottish , welsh and irish people . 
  every single [ english region ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regions_of_england ) except london voted to leave the eu . 
  no one is representing these regions , most of which have higher populations and larger economies than the devolved nations of the uk . 
  ` england ' as an entity in the uk simply does n't exist . 
  it has no power , no say , no representation , it is just an non-specialised region of the uk which houses the bulk of the population and constitutes the majority of the economy and territory . 
  there does n't need to be an automatic , almost belligerent ` standing up ' to china . 
  the rise of china is n't something to be feared , nor is it something that can be stopped or even ` controlled ' . 
  the best thing we can do is accommodate china 's new position in the world by maintaining cordial relations and hope that we can export our norms and values , and encourage china 's participation in the already established world order through organisations like the wto . 
  seeings as the eu 's power lies solely with its core members , chinese relations with germany for example remain individually important to create further multilateral links between china with the rest of the eu member states . 
  these strategic , ` private ' member-state relationships will always be valuable , regardless of the future of the eu . 
  well this scenario would n't be good enough either really . 
  the uk really needs structural reform and discussions like this highlight exactly why . 
  where is england 's representation ? 
  the prime minister and the government represent the whole of the uk . 
  there is no ` seat ' for england specifically in this discussion , and one could argue that regions like the mighty ceremonial county of yorkshire , which has about the same population as scotland , also needs separate representation . 
  the myth that brexit is an english driven phenomenon really needs to be countered . 
  wales also had a higher percentage of the population vote for brexit and the leave vote could n't have been achieved if significant portions of scottish and northern irish people had n't also voted to exit the eu , and that must be recognised by the devolved governments of the uk who must speak for * all * the voters that they represent . 
  ireland was a full , equal constituent part of the uk for the entire duration of queen victoria 's reign . 
  ` ireland ' has been in some sort of union with the rest of the british isles for almost all of its existence as a political entity , only ever being wholly unified while either under british rule , as an english client state established in tudor times , or as a semi-independent dominion of the british empire ( for a single day , mind you ) . 
  history ca n't be revised and altered just to suit current-day feelings . 
  it 'd be like referring to the the ( ancient ) egyptian civ as what it is called today , that being ` the arab republic of egypt ' . 
  the programmers got their history right and good on them for doing so . 
  well i did n't mean to attack romania in any way , so i 'm sorry if it came across that way . 
  all i meant to say really is that i think the ... ` validity ? ', 
  of the uk as a nation state is stronger than that of certain other countries who have really only consolidated their borders in the last few decades or have been sort of shaped out of the mess of the second world war . 
  this is just how i feel and its very much only my opinion . 
  i 'm not a historian . 
   the only thing to talk about now , is disbanding the kingdom and accession or partnerships for every individual nation , as a separate geopolitical and cultural entity . 
   this union within a union bullshit , with devolution of powers , is just shameless archaic english imperialism on it 's last legs . 
  i 'm not really sure what makes you think you can make such comments . 
   britain should be like scandinavia . 
  just a cultural bond representative of the cultural similarities of all cultures in the region . 
  you 're from romania . 
  a country that has been invaded time and time again , its borders constantly redrawn , subjugated by different countries throughought almost its entire history . 
  it is today one of the most artificially-constructed countries in europe , constituted by an almost senseless border . 
  no wonder you so readily accept a pan-european identity when you have so little as an alternative . 
  what experience could you possibly have that validates your idea of severing the bonds between the various british people that have been unified at multiples times in history one way or another to various extents for nearly two-thousand years ? 
  you could n't possibly comprehend what it 's like to be british and i could n't begin to imagine what it 's like to be from romania . 
  my ancestors come from all over the british isles , i 'm not english , scottish , welsh or irish . 
  i 'm british . 
  but to further that , i have lived in the uk my entire life among other british people , and seeings as you very likely have only formed your opinion of the uk and its various constituent countries and the relations between them from the hysterical , drama-focused media , you really should n't make such broad , somewhat offensive claims regarding issues you clearly know so little about . 
  people from distant lands spend countless thousands travelling to and around the uk to go on holiday in this country . 
  nothing wrong with enjoying the delights that the uk has to offer once in a while . 
   you realise services being hit the hardest by brexit is a fact ? 
  not a statement right ? 
  it 's neither , it 's merely your uninformed opinion . 
  it boggles the mind how you can attribute slowdown in certain economic sectors to brexit but to account for the booming service sector ( which is completely contrary to your bizarre theory ) you can somehow simultaneously claim that brexit is yet to take effect on the uk economy . 
  doublethink at its best . 
  i fear you will be repeating these mental acrobatics for years to come as the uk economy continues onward swimmingly . 
   all the growth was in services ... which will be hardest hit by brexit . 
  if this was going to be the case then services would n't have grown at all in the uk this quarter . 
  there would have been a massive decline as services jumped ship in anticipation for ` brexit proper ' . 
  the service sector is the most responsive to long-term events . 
  this growth shows that the service sector has great confidence in the uk economy and is here to stay . 
  nope . 
  the content of my comment has n't been challenged at all . 
   i thought i had left the youtube comment section , but apparently not . 
  this does n't argue against anything i 've said , it 's just a meaningless attempt to discredit it without saying what 's wrong with it . 
  [ yes actually . 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/06/27/how-britain-voted/ ) 35 % of labour voters voted to leave the eu 32 % of lib dem voters voted to leave the eu 20 % of green party voters voted to leave the eu only 61 % of conservatives actually voted to leave the eu this was n't a right-wing coup , but a political movement that mostly transcended left and right . 
  the only reason labour 's figure is so low is because so many labour voters are in london . 
  you can guarantee that if you isolated the traditional northern labour heartlands it 'd be above 50 % who voted for brexit . 
  one can only * guess * at your motivations for posting something about regional knife crime in the uk on the european subeddit . 
  would this be here if the uk had n't voted to leave the eu i wonder ? 
  and who championed the english identity in back in orwell 's day ? 
  no one , that 's why the only people left to make use of it now are those like paul nuttall . 
  being english is n't something to be ashamed of . 
  the modern world was made in england . 
  english nationalism has been repressed to such a damaging extent that the only people left are the fanatics , while in the rest of the uk scottish , welsh and irish nationalism is largely lauded as progressive , civic or somehow just . 
   the uk is more insignificant than ever before  the country is desperate and weak these are your opinions . 
  i do n't believe either of them to be true , therefore i am not comparing them with each other to expose their incorrectness , as that is better done other ways . 
   over the last two decades the uk had one of the worst performing economies in europe . 
  and that is a claim entirely dependent on how you measure economic performance . 
  if you look at data for the last 5 years , the uk has been the best performing large economy in europe , stretch if back to 1800 if you fancy . 
  it 's only natural that you would n't understand to the same degree the nuanced meaning behind the words i 've used without being exposed to such language in the media over the years like someone living in the uk will . 
  i 'll do my best to clarify however . 
  when it is claimed in opinion , analysis and ` factual ' reports alike that the ` special-relationship ' between the usa and uk is in decline , it is suggested that the reason for the decline is the uk 's continuing slide into irrelevance on the international stage , or that the uk has become less useful to the united states when compared with other european nations such as france and germany , or indeed when compared to the european union . 
  on the other hand , articles like the one linked in this post are in response to contrasting articles and general consensus that the uk-us ` special relationship ' is about to greatly improve under president trump ( for whatever reason , ideology for example ) . 
  thus to discredit this ` good ' news or to put a negative spin on it , and perhaps this is where i should have clarified , such ` left-wing ' articles claim that the the special relationship is n't improving at all , and only appears to be so while the us is merely taking advantage of the uk or indeed just humouring british politicians , partly for their own amusement , and that this occurs * outside * the realm of the special relationship , which is defined by other factors such as nuclear co-operation and intelligence gathering . 
  you and others might think that such a set-up and the ` special relationship ' are one in the same , but that 's an ideological disagreement you have with me , i have n't made a ` logical fallacy ' , however i see why you may think that to be the case if unexposed to the tapestry of ` special-relationship ' - related articles spanning the last 15 years or so . 
  your opinions regarding the independence of nations such as australia are your own opinions , referencing youreslf does n't sway my beliefs . 
  the occasional pooling of sovereignty is n't the same as the relinquishing independence , degrees of which can be restored at any time , with the example of the uk withdrawing from the eu being a prime example . 
  few will agree with you australia is n't an independent nation . 
   i get the feeling you did n't read the article at all . 
  my message regarding george orwell 's quote relates to an entire litany of articles published over the years . 
  i do n't see why i ca n't bring it up in relation to this article as well . 
  haha nothing to apologise for , the political leaning of many newspapers is something of debate in the uk , with the true leaning of the financial times being something of a mystery . 
  well we do have slightly different definitions of left and right in the uk than in america , and at least in the uk i do n't think it 's strictly defined by level of support of capitalism . 
  plenty of formerly centrist publications and newspapers have become increasingly left-wing in my opinion , including the independent for example . 
  whenever the uk-us relationship wanes , the left-wing press is quick to deride the uk as insignificant and unimportant to the us , seeing the decline of the relationship as a decline in britain 's standing in the world , yet when the opposite occurs and the relationship improves , it 's because the uk is desperate , weak and dominated by the us which just wants someone to boss around and laugh at . 
  these writers are never happy because fundamentally they do n't like the uk . 
  that ca n't be disguised anymore after brexit , with article after article designed to knock confidence in the uk economy , despite continued growth at levels unseen in much of the rest of europe . 
  australia has a trade deal with the usa . 
  are they not independent ? 
  is the eu in reality the only true bastion of independence ? 
  i mean because it 's not as though the eu has n't been trying to negotiate a free trade deal with the us either is it ? 
  ( ttip ) and europe * certainly * is n't dependent on the usa for protection either ?
