  ` england ' as an entity has practically had the same borders for 1000 years . 
  it is not some sort of accident of history , but a real , racial , cultural entity , and no amount of revisionism will change that . 
  surely this is a crisis-in-the-making in many european countries traditionally viewed as ` tolerant ' ` liberal ' and ` inclusive ' with ` well integrated migrants ' , like norway , denmark , sweden and austria ? 
  this data shatters the tired lie that multiculturalism is working or is something that should be aimed for . 
  does this graph not reveal the emergence of a generation of poorly educated ` ethnic minorities ' ( likely to be subsequently less ` integrated ' and therefore more exposed to fundamental islam ) ? 
  this in countries like norway , sweden and the netherlands which have generous social programmes and high living standards and egalitarian values ... therefore ` inequality ' , ` racism ' ` state-sponsored oppression ' are not to blame here , though they usually are the explanations trotted out by the left . 
  what you need to do is look at the type of migrants . 
  the uk is home to many indian migrants who integrate incredibly well and instill a strong work and education ethic in their kids . 
  i do n't think the same can be said of ` swedish ' somalians . 
  increasingly it is becoming clear that current policy in many european states has failed , yet in light of data like this , all effort will be made to place continued blame on native europeans who are guilty of awful crimes by simple virtue of their ancestry and race . 
  of the major western red , white and blue flags , the uk had the colour scheme first . 
  because of british , french and american connections , the colours are now widely held as symbols of freedom and democracy . 
  you talk about your disdain for the tabloids and the way you believe they influence society , but you yourself have been swept up in guardian-style media hysteria and have allowed yourself into being tricked into believing that even 1 % of british people view ` migrants ' as ` subhuman ' or ` vermin ' . 
  more so than with other countries , the uk has become caricatured in this subreddit , and has become a lightning rod for left-swaying people to attack , make generalisations about and other such things that they normally purport to reject . 
  if the things people say on this subreddit about the uk were being said about other nations , you 'd see accusations of xenophobia or even racism by now . 
  your comment might not seem immediately linked to what i am saying here , but your disdain for ` the british media ' by default extends to the readership of those newspapers and therefore people from areas of specific class or ethnicity . 
  [ they have a fancy video as well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5slhzormqmc ) it 's a shame to see the old pound coin go this coming march , but for anyone incidentally interested , you can buy an uncirculated ` last round pound ' from the royal mint for [ just # 10 not including posting ] ( http://www.royalmint.com/shop/the_last_round_pound_2016_united_kingdom_1_pound_brilliant_uncirculated_coin ) . 
  from the offset this article is a wonderful insight into the mind of a modern-day european tyrant , either completely assured of his own delusions or a willingly purposeful distorter of the history of the european union . 
   the historical examples are abundant . 
  the dutch and french referendums of 2005 on the european constitution were successfully hijacked by opposition parties , who turned them into a plebiscite on the government of the day . 
  a refraction of history !, 
  the irish referendum result was directly influenced by the proposal to reduce the number of commissioners so that not every eu state could be guaranteed a commissioner , a proposal unwelcomed by many of the smaller eu memberstates who feared the waning of their influence . 
   the result of the presidential election in austria , meanwhile , was a victory against the hard-right populism engulfing the west . 
  the eu was n't at the centre of that election . 
  norbert hofer stated he did not support a referendum on eu membership but wanted to reform the eu to serve austrian interests better . 
  the fact that a potential reformer of the eu has failed to reach a position of influence is only another nail in coffin of the eu . 
  if ` right-wing populism ' is a real threat to the eu , then as others have said , 45 % of electorate support in * austria * of all places really forecasts tumultuous times for the eu . 
  the results of the 2017 elections across several eu states are likely to only come within a fraction of right-wing victory . 
  i suspect le penn , wilders and co to be decisively defeated ... but the failure of the eu to reform in response to this rise of discontent in core eu countries will only proliferate further eurosceptism . 
  the eu is not the ` scapegoat ' of things like the refugee situation * in europe * , decline of traditional regional fishing/farming industries , high unemployment , economic stagnation and social tensions ... it and its institutions such as the ecj and euro are the fundamental causing factors . 
  fundamentally , yes the vote in italy was driven by discontent with the italian government , but the underlying failures of the italian state are linked to the eu . 
  the government is powerless to ` fix ' the italian economy because of the euro , and all this referendum will do is facilitate further scrutiny of italy 's current european settlement . 
   most loathed , yes . 
  most loved , not in a million years . 
  what about david attenborough ? 
  stephen fry ? 
  the queen ? 
  stephen hawking ? 
  david beckham ? 
  not sure if you read my post properly . 
  i know it was 3am at the time of writing your comment but since when was adele a * politician * ? 
   sure , if by ` almost single-handedly ' you mean ` not remotely single handedly ' ukip brought about the eu referendum by winning voters from the conservatives . 
  ukip were polling at around 3 % before nigel took leadership and he took that as high as 18 % in 2014 and even now it remains at 14 % in most recent figures . 
  there were many campaigners who joined the various campaigns for leave but none of them , boris johnson , micheal gove et al , would never have risked their political careers by championing such eurosceptism in such a way that really only ukip politicians have . 
   i personally disagree . 
  a lot . 
  nigel has consistently been ukip 's most capable speaker , gaining an international cult following on youtube which began around 7 years ago - in fact he himself credits youtube with spreading eurosceptism . 
  you can try and deny his orating skills if you like , i challenge you however to find me a british politician who can speak so fluently and concisely while remaining factual and simple enough to be understood even by newbies to political discourse . 
  find me some good speeches better than nigel 's because i 'd love to hear them and let you know why i think his are better . 
  [ here 's my fave btw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gm9q8uabts ) . 
   not remotely . 
  david cameron has probably been far more influential . 
  david cameron is the head of the government and cabinet . 
  he rarely makes unilateral , personal decisions , and even then such decisions made by him during his tenure as pm have n't fundamentally shaken the political landscape very much at all . 
  nigel farage today ranks as a rather senior figure in the british political landscape , being a household name and with views that other politicians and the general public take note of . 
  no one could have replaced nigel farage 's role during 2013-2015 before the eu referendum had been promised , and without him we still would n't have had it or government commitments to reduce immigration and other such policies . 
  he has indirectly shaped current conservative policy , despite not being in the house of commons . 
   no he does n't . 
  everyone deserves respect , and saying that comes across as incredibly childish . 
  whether you respect him or not personally however wo n't matter when he is undoubtedly made lord farage and secures his place in history . 
  nigel farage is simultaneously the most loved and loathed politician in the uk . 
  for everyone who despises him there are at least as many people who adore him . 
  he almost single-handedly brought about the eu referendum , he is an excellent orator and has been the most influential individual in british politics in the post-blair landscape , all while surviving appalling * physical * , verbal and media-directed personal abuse , testicular cancer and a near-fatal plane crash . 
  a lesser man would have given up years ago , but he stood up for a large swath of the british people and their concerns and bore the brunt of abuse so we did n't have to . 
  for that he deserves respect regardless of whether you support him or not . 
  it 's actually far more valid to claim for example that the uk does n't want nick clegg , so where are we going to exile him ? 
   not for long . 
  have you got facts to validate your claim like / u/smsjohnson has ? 
  did n't think so nostradamus . 
  of course you 're british . 
  downvotes for just saying your nationality is indefensible in my opinion . 
  people should be a bit more grown up over these things . 
  hmm that 's a bit ignorant to be honest , especially in light of how sensitive an issue it is in northern ireland . 
  northern irish people can be both british and irish . 
  and it 's still a confusing topic for people in the rest of the uk . 
  i have mostly welsh and irish ancestry but was born in england . 
  identity is n't very clear cut , and the unions between the various nations of the uk have been far deeper and far longer established than those between spain and portugal ( so i believe in any case ) . 
  well that 's not strictly true and definitely not the view taken by your politicians . 
  britain has been a net contributor to the eu budget and has been seen by germany as much more in line in terms of economic ideology than germany is with france . 
  the eu is also losing one of its core military powers via brexit , and it 's not a sure bet that further eu integration , once hampered by the british membership , is actually a good thing - in fact it could bring eu nations closer to that inevitable day where they have to chose between remaining nation states or become irreversibly entangled . 
  up until now that 's been conveniently delayed by british obstructionism . 
  the ` stance ' of the * government * of malta is not significant , as when ` president ' of the council of the european union , policy is not conducted with one 's national perspective in focus . 
  they must act as a ` honest and neutral broker ' . 
  i do n't think so . 
  concerns in general do include ` clashes of culture ' and other such factors , but in uk most concerns over non-specific immigration regard : * availability of housing * availability of school places * availability of doctor 's appointments * increased terrorism * increased crime * harmful effects of fundamental islam * negative impact on the economy * erosion of national identity it 's not ` simple xenophobia ' at all , and i challenge you find justification as to how it might be . 
  i think specifically that polish people have been a boost to the uk economy in some aspects , but there 's no denying that a significant portion of ` student jobs ' or those for the least skilled people have gone to eastern european migrants in recent years . 
  900,000 polish people have come to live in the uk since 2004 , now constituting the second largest foriegn-born population in the uk , only fraction behind indian-born citizens . 
  i think much concern regarding immigration in the uk recently is over simple numbers . 
  net migration was at about 100,000 a year in the 1990s according to [ a 2001 guardian article ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2001/jan/25/race.world ) , but it 's at over 300,000 now . 
  it was n't a big issue in the 1990s and has only become so as immigration has increased but discussion over it has been clamped down on . 
  [ in this late 2013 / early 2014 satirical segment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jai4v4ane-s ) much was made to portray concerns over romanian and bulgarian immigration into the uk due to ` start ' in 2014 as * greatly * overblown ( indeed some newspapers and people did overreact ) but instances like this shut down any discussion at all . 
  the number of bulgarians and romanians in the uk reached 200,000 last year , while there was only around 13,000 in 2001 census . 
  these numbers constitute a massive social change in the uk , overtaking traditional ` foreign ' groups in the uk such as australians . 
  no one voted for these changes to occur . 
  it 's natural that there would be a backlash . 
   household spending rose 0.7 percent from the second quarter and business investment increased 0.9 percent , the office for national statistics said on friday . 
  growth overall was unrevised at 0.5 percent , with trade providing the strongest contribution . 
  it 's a very good sign , it goes to show that the uk economy and gbp are not synonymous . 
  i think many people have developed an unnecessarily negative view of the uk economy in recent months because of the failure of international media and news-outlets to make that clear . 
  as a result there are masses of people who are * certain * that economic catastrophe is just around the corner for the uk , a notion which is entirely based on non-neutral reports and claims that were made by remain-supporting groups internationally .
