  those reports are equally as invalid as those made by leave-supporting groups of unrealistic economic boom and the start of the fourth industrial revolution in the uk , centered on self-driving cars able to proliferate free of eu-regulation ( japan and the usa are free of eu-regulation in this respect and it has n't exactly worked in those countries ) . 
  the idea of a europe without the eu must remain a future scenario for the continent . 
  complacency leads to a lack of planning ( like with brexit ) , stagnation and discontent . 
  no eu-nation should shut down the idea of also leaving the eu and just rubbish it as ` extreme ' or ` far-right ' . 
  it is an idea that transcends traditional , domestic political barriers . 
  the guardian is just reporting on the prime minister of * malta * 's opinion of brexit negotiations because there 's nothing else in the news today and they 're trying to maintain drama . 
  no negotiations have begun , the brexit plan and objectives the uk wants to achieve have n't been finalised and that 's why may will be triggering article 50 when the uk gov is ready , not when the eu is ready . 
  it 's likely that we 'll be leaving the single market and just have access to it in the way that other countries have it . 
  barely any politicians will accept a deal that includes the free movement of people , as that was the main reason people chose to leave the eu . 
  and the eu has n't been clear and straightforward - the reason you hear nothing from the eu is because journalists have n't reported on the eu positions much or even questioned them seemingly . 
  the eu has made no attempt to clarify its position on terms and has said it wo n't until a. 
  50 has been triggered , so why should the british government do anything differently ? 
  i 've always believed that chess is only fun to play when between amateurs who know little of chess strategy and only think a few moves ahead . 
  how is it fun to follow a series of strict patterns regarding openings and middle game moves that culminate in a set limit of ending strategies ? 
  surely one must reach a stage where they realise its impossible to win , rather than have every turn a surprise as when amateurs play ? 
  do explain it to me if you can . 
  there 's a nice sense of being an amateur at chess , akin to hearing the poetic , whimsical flow of the french language before you can understand it . 
  to a non-speaker ( or just non-romance language speaker ? 
  ) , even the most vulgar and incoherent french speech can sound like a wonderful poem , but that is lost as you learn the language and begin to differentiate between words and understand sentence structure . 
  the same goes for every language but french sounds the best in my opinion !, 
  it can be hard to find people who even know the basics of chess in the uk . 
  my grandparents have never played chess and could n't even describe the rules or available movements for each piece . 
  it remains quite a trivial game in the uk , despite most waterstones shops ( they sell books ) having chess sets inside which you can play freely . 
  i only learnt chess at school during rainy days when we were n't allowed outside . 
  [ he does n't look a day over 61 !, 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/x6yk8ehav28x.jpg ), 
  what an exaggeration , irish people are just about as proficient at irish as welsh people are at welsh , with a clear tendency documented in ireland for people to say they speak irish in the census but not truly being able to . 
  in the uk , at many school everyone ` needs ' to learn a language as well , does n't mean it is learned in a way that one becomes fluent in it , and clearly it is n't the case in ireland either . 
   most irish people who have completed their leaving certificate to honours level will speak at least 3 languages decently . 
  nonsense , it really is . 
  i did say why :  harder to say what the future of the uk 's seat would be , but it certainly would n't automatically lose it , ** as it would no longer be a member of the eu and its seat could n't be ` absorbed ' ** . 
  there 's little reason to believe that today if the unsc was reformed and brazil gained a seat that the uk would lose its own , as the uk remains a more ` powerful ' force than brazil . 
  the reason france would lose its seat is n't because of external pressure , but because of increased european integration . 
  in every reassessment of the unsc , calls have only been made to expand membership , not strip it of other members . 
  the fact remains however that france 's seat could be absorbed by the eu through intra-eu maneuverings . 
   in an instagram post that has been liked more than 2,000 times , bador said the photograph was several years old , and she never planned for it to be used on the cover of blackhair . 
  furthermore , had she known , she would n't have allowed it . 
   she stated embarrassment at the photo , which she said was a form of cultural appropriation -- which refers to adopting elements of another 's culture , generally to one 's benefit . 
  wearing your hair as an ` afro ' is cultural appropriation eh ? 
  when will other ethno-cultural groups stop * culturally appropriating * democracy , applications of electricity , steel , mechanised industry , fertilisers , european languages , most musical instruments , modern medicines , modern christianity , the international finance system , most modern sciences as formed in the 19th century , civilised clothing , almost every major work of art and music of universal acclaim and everything else that constitutes modern-day civilisation ? 
  it 's completely hypocritical how these people try and separate universal human achievements and claim that they belong to a certain race or group , and that no one else can have them , when they have so much to lose themselves . 
  not trying to be offensive , but genuinely , what else has african culture contributed to modern-day civilisation ? 
  even the concept of ` music of black origin ' in the uk ( covering large swaths of modern music ) is a terrible , divisive lie . 
  it 's claimed that modern music owes its conception to african american early jazz music ... but the saxophone is belgian !, 
  belgium is n't in africa . 
  the people who perpetuate this ` cultural appropriation ' nonsense are some of the worst people in western countries , receiving money and attention while creating division in every facet of society . 
   it was also accompanied by the same wording that the snp were elected to uphold , that a clear change of circumstances meant grounds for another referendum . 
  this is precisely that . 
  nope . 
  in [ january 2013 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21148282 ) we were told that there would be a referendum of eu membership if the conservatives won the general election in 2015 . 
  thus , as this was always a possibility , scots voted to remain in the uk despite whatever the future would be of the uk 's place in the eu . 
   ahahaha , yeah , because if the mood in scotland keeps shifting they 'll definitely have grounds to not grant it . 
  you have no idea how angry people are getting up here . 
  shifting against independence so it [ would seem ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/09/01/davidson-now-more-popular-sturgeon-scotland/ ) . 
  referendums are not held continuously until one side gets the answer they want . 
  the snp have embarrassed themselves with calls for a second referendum so soon and done themselves a massive disservice . 
  maybe it 's just people who you surrounded yourself by who are angry . 
  the silent majority prevails . 
  no i never said it counts for forever , but it counts for a ` generation ' as was stated . 
  there is n't going to be another referendum in scotland sanctioned by westminster for about 2 decades or more . 
  no ... the government follows democratic principles enshrined in law . 
  scotland voted to remain in the uk , and the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  both of those actions are legitimate democratic choices . 
  if the uk kicked out scotland or if the snp declared independence today it would go against the democratic wishes of scottish people . 
  scotland is not an oppressed colony but a part of the uk . 
  you are blinded by tribal nationalistic rage . 
  scotland * voted * to stay , so of course no legislation will be passed that establishes it as an independent nation . 
  as this was a referendum designed to ascertain and decide whether scotland should become an independent nation , and the scottish people rejected it . 
  it is therefore the duty of both the british and scottish governments to maintain scotland as part of the united kingdom until ( if ever ) there is another referendum which passes for independence . 
  scotland just continuing everyday in the uk now is n't being ` forced ' to be part of the uk . 
  how are you so absolutely deluded ? 
  i had n't downvoted you btw , i have now though . 
  representation is n't the crux of the issue here , that topic is merely one more i used to bolster my other arguments . 
  no one has said ` scotland has to stay ' , other than the voters of scotland who decided to stay part of the uk in the ` once in a * generation * ' vote in 2014 . 
  that 's because if you make the eu more democratically accountable by strengthening the european parliament for example , you erode national sovereignty . 
  it 's catch 22 , no outcome is acceptable for seemingly the majority of british people , that 's why it 's a good thing we 'll be leaving . 
  not exactly , scotland has its own devolved parliament which one could argue in 30 years time will have more powers as part of the uk than it would if it left and joined the eu and continued the path to integration . 
  the uk is in the process of devolving power and transforming into a federal structure . 
  it 's likely yorkshire will have a devolved parliament in the near future . 
  the uk * government * has always supported the increase in breadth of the european union but more rarely of its depth . 
  in any situation , the british public has always been somewhat eurosceptic , but no major political party in the uk ever truly represented these views , especially during the last 20 years during which the eu has taken its most recent shape . 
  lo and behold though , when given the opportunity the uk ultimately voted out , but still people seem shocked or angry for some reason , or view it as sign of a particular british intolerance . 
  if you disagree with the points i 've raised it 'd be nice to discuss them reasonably . 
  there 's not much i can work with in your comment . 
  i find this comment of yours however :  i mean the problem isnt ressources . 
  it 's that we need a way to make these people not vote for horrible politicians . 
   the only way for that to happen seems to be that we destroy the lives of millions of brown people ourselves , which kinda defeats the purpose . 
  to be a caricature of real issues facing ethnic minorities in europe . 
  no one but the absolute minority of people are out to destroy the lives of ` brown people ' when they voted for brexit or trump or anything like that . 
  it 's not just ignorance , it 's even the way in which voters in the uk constitute such a small percentage of voters that they ca n't have any meaningful impact on legislation . 
  the entire design is faulty and a product of rushed expansion . 
   if your sole issue with the eu is really the democratic deficit , the obvious solution is to transfer the power away from the shadowy council intergovernmental meetings to the transparent and accountable institution like the parliament . 
   as it stands , it is obvious that the `` democratic deficit '' is used as a scapegoat to oppose the eu , despite the fact that people who complain about it the most are directly responsible for the democratic deficit . 
  it is a problem of the eu 's own creation . 
  because of continued integration , democratic deficit grows to an extent that to counter it , more powers are given to the european parliament . 
  this however is still viewed as a democratic deficit by a good number of british people , because of the small percentage of votes brits hold . 
  this has been exacerbated due to continual expansion of the eu to 28 member states . 
  i do n't think anyone would have minded the lack of democracy if eu rule had n't extended over so many instances of daily life - that is the fault of the guiders of the european project who have pressed on with integration , regardless of the views of the people of europe which were disregarded at multiples stages of integration . 
  there were very few public referendums on the treaty on european union in 1992 or the amendment of 2007 , in 1992 in france and denmark only , which both eventually passed , and in 2007 when the ` no ' vote in ireland was ignored and pushed through again . 
   nation state model is a model that leaves the national government with very little ( or none ) legally binding external oversight , thus opening a path to creeping authoritarianism .
