  in any regard , throwing money at a problem wo n't work . 
  all it does is give other countries a position of power , by which the west must fund their economies so they dare not develop on protected sites themselves . 
  when palmyra was destroyed , there was outrage over the loss of an instance of our shared heritage as humans . 
  in equal measure the natural world is our shared heritage and places like the rain-forest belong to us all . 
  powerful sanctions would be a better way to halt the destruction of important forests . 
  that trend ended last year . 
  the eu has no secured future , it has integrated as deeply as it can without raising fundamental questions over its future trajectory which , in time , will require public support from each member state . 
  there will come a time when the nations of europe will have to pick between the eu and ` independence ' . 
  you severely overestimate russia , even actions in syria and crimea are limited to areas of long-term russian interest - a legacy of the soviet era . 
  it has no potential to be anything but a limited power in the same league as the uk or france , especially as its population declines and economy stunts . 
  regardless of whether britain will be a ` pole ' , which i never claimed , the eu can not be such when it will never be able to agree to meaningful military action , even after the potential emergence of a strictly european military body . 
  the eu does not use hard power , it has never used hard power , and it will never use hard power . 
  its soft power serves to ` europeanise ' periphery regions , and admittedly it has been successful in eastern europe . 
  there is nowhere else for it to act however . 
  the areas with which it is partnered now , such as specific parts of africa , only play lip-service to european ideals in order to guarantee access to european aid packages . 
  turkey , north africa and the caucasus will never be part of the eu 's sphere of influence . 
  plenty of reasons . 
  quality of life had generally been better in the usa than in the uk and much of europe since it before it became independent . 
  the irish famine was n't a genocide because it was n't deliberate . 
  it was an indirect effect of poor british policy choices and , as terrible as that is , that does n't constitute genocide , which is defined by deliberate ethnic targeting . 
  the point regarding population decline in germany is that the decline is chiefly of those of working age , therefore there will be a smaller workforce , less tax income , more spent on supporting retired folk and in time , a much smaller economy . 
  there 's every reason to speak up against the defamation of an entire nation . 
  the way in which you in particular but many others refer to events of 100 years ago to justify contemporary anglophobia is just as ridiculous and as unwarranted as if people across europe still hated germany and by extension germans for the events of ww2 or previous wars . 
  in response to your claims , the island of ireland has only ever been united as an english vassal state or as a british dominion in the form of the irish free state , of which the north was part of for just one full day . 
  the people of northern ireland decided to partition ireland when they opted-out of the irish free state by this clause :   most gracious sovereign , we , your majesty 's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the senators and commons of northern ireland in parliament assembled , having learnt of the passing of the irish free state constitution act , 1922 , being the act of parliament for the ratification of the articles of agreement for a treaty between great britain and ireland , do , ** by this humble address , pray your majesty that the powers of the parliament and government of the irish free state shall no longer extend to northern ireland . 
  ** it is by this act that northern ireland is the continuation of all former incarnations the irish state , as the act of union of 1800 is still in effect in the uk and has only been repealed in the sections of the island of ireland that constitute the republic of ireland . 
  no one alive in the uk has anything to do with the irish famine , which only constituted a small percentage of the irish decline in population . 
  most of the population decline is the result of immigration to the usa , which also occurred from places in europe in equal numbers that were not experiencing famine . 
  do you spend all your time thinking about all the irish people who have died at the hands of other irish people during thousands of years of anarchy on the island of pre-civilised ireland during fighting between the various tribes in which in total millions more have probably died ? 
  no of course not , because that would be ridiculous the uk does n't owe anything to ireland . 
  already irish people are afforded proxy british citizenship for reasons i can not comprehend . 
  the way in which irish people living in the uk were for some reason allowed to vote in the eu referendum despite not being part of the commonwealth boggles the mind . 
  the way in which in the future one will contrast the potency and importance of the uk as an independent actor on the world stage with the eu as a single entity is further justification for the uk 's withdrawal in my mind . 
  i disagree with the notion that the uk will be greatly overshadowed by the eu . 
  in many aspects the eu is incapable of coherent , unified action , even via core structures like the common foreign and security policy , the objectives of which , once preliminarily agreed , can not be easily modified in response to third party actors , leading to unresponsive , weak policies . 
  the eu 's lack of dynamism means that it will be forever stunted geopolitically , unless of course it further integrates , efforts towards which could lead to total dissolution . 
  almost 40 % of scots voted to leave the eu . 
  if more scottish voters had voted to remain , then the uk as a whole would have had a high enough total to remain also . 
  maybe you should blame your fellow scots instead . 
   the scam exploits laws that allow residency to be decided on european free-movement rules , rather than uk immigration laws , if a spouse of a british citizen comes to britain after working in another eea country . 
  all the more reason to leave this failed project . 
  the eu and co are unable to manage their own borders and in the process mess up our own . 
  no one with any political sense believes that parliament will block the proposals , so the pound has actually risen because of confidence in may 's plan , not because the markets somehow believe that britain will remain in the single market . 
  if you have an irish accent then you 're talking 100 % absolute fiction . 
  your posting history is full of anti-english propaganda . 
  your lies become even more apparent in this post :  i presumed it was just because it was a `` toffy '' kind of town which was a bit up it 's own rear-end with the flag-waving thing . 
  which is also my general impression of brexit to be completely honest , the two seem very close companions in my experience . 
  ` toffy ' people are some of the least likely to dish out such abuse or wave flags or even vote for brexit . 
  they certainly would n't insult the irish of all people . 
  your tapestry of lies is exposed for all to see . 
  no british prime minister is ever elected . 
  we elect political parties in the uk , not the prime minister , and the conservative party has been elected . 
  stop acting as though you can tell the future . 
  the nations of the world were entwined in larger geopolitical units before - in european colonial empires , and they all fell apart in 20 years with almost no warning . 
  yet as we 've established , a vote to remain in the eu does n't mean a vote on independence is required , as not all voters support the eu and independence together . 
  i do n't think the scottish government is putting the scottish people first at all when they should actually be focusing on education and poverty instead of another independence referendum which has n't got popular support and would only cause further uncertainty . 
  westminster is n't england and england is n't westminster . 
  if the * uk * government does not agree to an independence referendum , then that 's no doing of any english institution because , as you know , there is n't an english parliament or english government . 
  a scottish independence referendum has to be called for by the british government , that or the scottish government would need to make a unilateral deceleration of independence and become a pariah state both economically and geopolitically . 
  scotland already made their decision in 2014 , and the eu referendum was announced as a possibility in [ january 2013 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21148282 ) . 
  regarding the vote , what i mean is that if there had been higher support for remain in scotland and northern ireland , then the entire uk would have remained in the eu , and that if all scottish voters and all n. irish voters had voted to remain , then it would have tipped the uk vote total well into remain . 
  thus the votes there decided the outcome in equal measure to those cast in england and wales . 
  your little englander comment means nothing . 
  are people in kosovo ` little kosovans ' for becoming independent of serbia ? 
  are irish people , ` little irishers ' for leaving the uk ? 
  i 'm proud of british voters for being brave enough to vote to leave despite coordinated intimidation tactics from the international media , intentional organisations and international politicians on top of the already fierce domestic anti-brexit campaign . 
  out of the eu and into the world . 
  there can be no move now to split up the uk at this stage because a vote to remain in the eu in northern ireland or even in scotland is n't automatically a vote to leave the uk . 
  it 's by no means guaranteed that scotland will be permitted another independence referendum or that such a referendum would pass when confronted with economic reality . 
  the fact remains that almost 40 % of scots voted to leave the eu , and leave would n't have won without votes from both scotland and northern ireland . 
  we voted as one country and will leave as one country because , for all the drama from a few loud voices online , the truth is that the eu is n't simply important enough an issue to split the uk up . 
  well you 've definitely got the sky bit anyway . 
  there 's no such thing as ` civic nationalism ' , and if there was then the snp would not fit the criteria . 
  * the snp say that only scottish people can govern in the best way for scotland . 
  very similar to what brexit campaigners said about the uk and british people , yet that 's considered nationalist , xenophobic and racist . 
  * they blame all of their problems on the abstract concept of ` westminster ' ( this has recently replaced ` england ' as their target ) , despite having a high degree of autonomy . 
  it 's no different from the way in which some brexit campaigners blame ` brussels ' for many problems that the uk has . 
  * they focus on nationalism and independence to such a degree that they have neglected education and social deprivation . 
  * in fact they are so obsessed by their nationalism that they would leave the uk and suffer devastating economic consequences many times worse than the uk might after brexit . 
  scotland is n't a net contributor to the uk economy , their growth is almost wholly dependent on the dying oil industry . 
  without english subsidiaries scotland could n't afford free universities and prescriptions , yet nationalism drives them to ignore all that . 
  the illusion of the eu having a strong negotiating hand will wither away over the next few months . 
  as inept as the uk government may be , the eu is even more useless at this sort of thing . 
  i suspect the uk will get a deal much better than anyone has yet foreseen . 
  the bbc is the most respected broadcaster in the world . 
  i hardly believe you are ignorant enough to believe that the bbc decided these rankings itself ? 
  the report was compiled by the world wide web foundation . 
  your nonsensical anti-british bias clouds your judgement . 
  just a joke , sweetheart !, 
  [ uk government ` most transparent ' in the world ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-30883472 )  the uk government is the most open and transparent in the world , according to global rankings looking at public access to official data . 
  so that 's where all the money goes !, 
  [ rough sleeping statistics autumn 2015 , england ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/503015/rough_sleeping_autumn_2015_statistical_release.pdf ) page 6 . 
   of the rough sleepers for whom nationality information was available , 43 % were recorded as having united kingdom as their nationality , while 36 % were from central and eastern european countries that joined the eu in 2004 or 2007 . 
  a more detailed breakdown by nationality is in table 3 below . 
  though speaking from limited experience , the polish woman looks spot on to me !, 
  i think she works in my local bakery . 
  just because you disagree with something does n't make it ` bullshit ' . 
  [ youth unemployment in the uk is at 13.1 % ] ( http://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/researchbriefing/summary/sn05871 ) . 
  [ this article from 2006 states that 56 % of polish immigrants worked in factory jobs . 
  things are n't likely to have changed too much since then percentage-wise .
