  the us-uk nuclear cooperation treaty facilitates the sharing of nuclear technology so that neither country uneccesarily replicates the same technology . 
  the uk uses a modified american system which is considerably cheaper than an alternative but remains functionally independent . 
  the missiles are serviced in america every so often , never all at once and the notion that the usa can ` prevent ' the missiles from being launched is a conspiracy theory suggested by those who want the uk to get rid of the weapons . 
  there 's no technological basis for such a process . 
  the uk 's nuclear system is by far the most cost efficient in the world . 
  i consider the deal a very wily asset acquired by the uk government , and it shows the strength of relations between the usa and uk . 
  no other deal as ` intimate ' has ever existed between other countries at any stage in history . 
   so you 've really nothing substantial other than ` great asset being the population ' . 
  god i hope you really have more than that else the uk 's in for a whole mess of trouble . 
  i 've listed all the other assets that underpin the uk 's position in the world , but you seem to think magically that all of these will disappear . 
  in any situation , the british people are able to overcome any challenge , as has been proven [ throughout the ages ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxsz6iv0dlm ) . 
   really you 're going to try and blame it on the media ? 
  blame the media for what ? 
  their * own * reports that the uk economy could collapse after a vote to leave the eu , which turned out not to be the case ? 
  yes i blame them for their own misguided reporting . 
  here are but a small selection of predictions of brexit-related economic ruin proven wrong . 
  [ imf says brexit would trigger uk recession ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jun/18/imf-says-brexit-would-trigger-uk-recession-eu-referendum ) [ eu referendum : brexit ` would spark year-long recession ' - treasury ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36355564 ) [ brexit could lead to recession , says bank of england ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/12/bank-of-england-keeps-interest-rates-on-hold-as-brexit-fears-bite ) [ brexit may spark yearlong recession in starkest u.k. 
  warning ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-23/brexit-may-spark-yearlong-recession-cost-jobs-treasury-says ) [ brexit 's damage to uk economy would be felt until at least 2020 -- eiu ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jun/15/brexit-damage-uk-economy-eiu-vote-eu-recession ) [ how brexit could cost jobs , cut incomes and damage the living standards of millions ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/brexit-eu-referendum-results-economy-markets-pound-sterling-how-will-it-affect-me-jobs-income-a7099641.html ) [ brexit would be a disaster for britain ] ( http://www.latimes.com/opinion/editorials/la-ed-brexit-vote-20160622-snap-story.html ) [ leave vote would be economic bomb for uk ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/06/david-cameron-brexit-would-detonate-bomb-under-uk-economy ) [ brexit would damage uk economy , warns blackrock ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/mar/02/brexit-damage-uk-economy-blackrock )  yeah it was totally the eu 's fault . 
  look forward to seeing the uk become a superpower now it 's voted to leave though i wo n't hold my breath on that . 
  well of course the cfsp is the european union 's ` fault ' , it 's an institution of the eu . 
  i never said the uk will become a superpower , there is an in between that is neither a subordinate region of the eu nor a superpower . 
  the uk will reassert its position in the world as a ' * great * power ' , as it has been for centuries and continues to be to this day , a centre of finance , pharmaceuticals and aerospace , a leading , global economic and educational centre , the world 's 5th largest economy , nuclear weapons , a seat at the un security council , 5th most powerful military and so on . 
  the role of the uk as a * keystone * in the global community is n't going anywhere . 
  there is no other nation that can replace the vital role the uk has on the world stage at this time or for the foreseeable future . 
   soo sad and predictable . 
  i look forward to seeing the forthcoming disaster and brexiters just trying to spin it . 
  you 'll waste away hours of your life waiting and searching for it and never find it . 
  if there was impending disaster looming for the uk that was because of brexit , it would have happened by now . 
  why would investors of all types continue to invest in the uk when it is according to you an economic ticking time-bomb . 
  the collapse would have already begun because of panic . 
  the uk has a bright future outside of the eu , because it has a great asset that will ensure that prosperity , that being the british people . 
  it 's very easy for people who want to defend the eu to blame eurosceptism in the uk on such newspapers , when the truth is that most readers of the sun do n't read the political articles and are the group of people in the country least likely to go out and vote . 
  all this focus on newspapers does is detract from real discussion over the rise of eurosceptism , which is in part because of constant failure of the eu to resolve a number of events from the euro to migrant crises . 
  and as much as people will make accusations of racism and other things , quite simply the argument of sovereignty and the direction of the future of the uk swayed many people . 
  many people were indeed shocked once they discovered how entwined the eu has become . 
  the british people never approved the signing of the treaty of lisbon which gave us the eu in its current form , and no one believed approval would be sought the next time the eu is rearranged and further integrated . 
  this was the final chance to get out . 
  the vital point is that normal people are n't unthinking proles from george orwell 's 1984 . 
  people are capable of independent thought , especially in the age of the internet where i believe there was overwhelming content for the remain camp indeed , and on television also . 
  i think remain had an overwhelming media presence in all forms of entertainment in the uk . 
   i do n't see it failing . 
  from what i hear the eu will greatly benefit from uk businesses migrating over to the eu . 
  from what you ` hear ' . 
  so you mean ... from the hysterical , drama-loving bias media who base their reports on political posturing and reports and predictions that are constantly proven incorrect , in part because those who carry out such reports exaggerate results and claims in order to make a political point . 
  predictions and reports are n't made for fun . 
  they are made solely to influence the government and public to facilitate enactment of particular policies . 
  in any case , reports of the ` collapse ' of the uk economy has been proven hilariously incorrect thus far , with the economy growing much more than expected and a record low unemployment rate of 4.8 % . 
   that global influence is rapidly waning and leaving the eu will do it no favours . 
  having to beg nissan to remain in the uk ? 
  a poor meeting with india ? 
  such influence . 
  no , britain 's global influence was waning while being part of the eu , especially at the un where article 9 of the treaty on european union declares that :  member states which are also members of the united nations security council will concert and keep the other member states and the high representative fully informed . 
  member states which are members of the security council will , in the execution of their functions , defend the positions and the interests of the union , without prejudice to their responsibilities under the provisions of the united nations charter . 
  therefore , while maintaining its membership of the eu , the uk was losing its independent role on the world stage by being bound to the whims of the eu through the common foreign and security policy . 
  by leaving the eu , the uk can assert a new role as an independent actor . 
  nissan were n't going anywhere . 
  they were hardly going to close down their newest and most advanced factory . 
  the government over-reacted , naturally . 
  in any-case , offering a company a business-friendly deal is a good thing ? 
  have you ever considered that the reason the eu is in such dire economic straights is because of how anti-business it is ? 
  the most recent indian meeting was n't set out to conceive massive trade deals and intimate negotiations , in many ways things like that ca n't begin really until the uk fully leaves the eu . 
  in truth , the uk 's influence remains strong , even in the face of supposed rising superpowers like brazil which heralded its temporary surpassing of the uk 's gdp a few years ago before it fell into a devastating recession . 
  if we want to talk about predictions , how about we discuss the uk 's foretasted future as europe 's largest economy by the 2030s ? 
  the truth is that the uk stopped being in decline in the 1980s . 
   most people really do n't care about the uk at all there 's a real misconception that a lot of you smug-type redditors have . 
  just because * you * do n't ` care ' about the uk , or just because the unrepresentative sample of * redditors * on a particular , perhaps unbalanced subreddit may not ` care ' about the uk , or even if the people that * you * hang around with do n't ` care ' about the uk , that does n't mean that you 're right . 
  in fact , as you may have read across various forums of political discourse at the moment , it has been argued that it 's this type of disregard for the wider population , and the misplaced confidence in one 's own conceptions , that have led to the votes for brexit and donald trump occurring . 
  fundamentally , even if we believe that no one * does * care about the uk at all , it does n't actually impact the argument . 
  if the dutch/austrian/french / danish/swedish or what have you eurosceptics , particularly the silent or passive eurosceptics become more disillusioned with the eu by the * public * emergence of a nasty side of the eu , it will not only increase the desire to leave among those people and those who as of yet have not formed a view upon the matter , but it 'll also just add fuel to any just or unjust media war in the lead up to important elections and subsequent eu referendums if other countries ever get to that stage . 
  eurosceptism can overwhelm public discourse at any moment . 
  no one , even in 2013 when ukip first came to prominence could have even foreseen a eu referendum in the uk , let alone one where people would vote to leave . 
  essentially , your complacency , if replicated by politicians in other eu countries and coupled with a ` mistreatment ' of the uk will provide an ample environment to sow further seeds of eurosceptism , especially if the uk does well outside the eu , and considering the ridiculous claims of economic collapse made before the referendum , even the uk managing ` just fine ' will be seen as a positive sign and proof that maybe other eu countries do n't need the eu either . 
  britain is n't on this list , so the headline is misleading , but the decline of english percentages in the english-speaking western world is because of migration . 
  the uk for some reason facilitates the burden of non-english speakers in society by offering to translate every benefit and welfare letter into whatever tongue a claimant might want , when in reality people who ca n't speak english should n't be allowed to even live here . 
  people who ca n't communicate ca n't integrate . 
  they 're not really noteworthy enough to be considered . 
  even holding such a referendum in ireland would lead to an increase in public euroscepticism , especially if alongside these proposals were misplaced threats from various finance ministers of eu nations , not to mention actual real demands from the eu commission . 
  this could lead to an actual referendum on irish membership of the eu , which could swing to ` leave ' especially now that ireland has become a net-contributor to the eu and could become a destination for heavy eu migration if access to the uk is lost . 
  it 's not as though ireland is the most economically robust country in europe . 
  in this uncertain time , who knows what economic crisis is around the corner and what strings might be attached to a future bailout for example . 
   what does seem likely is that germany -- and thus , merkel , whether she likes it or not -- will now be thrust to the forefront of international affairs on europe 's behalf , as the main proponent of the norms , values , and institutions that comprise an alliance that has been the foundation of world order for the past seven decades . 
  this really is drivel . 
  no one in beijing , moscow or new delhi bats an eyelid in the face of western * societal * values , which is exactly why almost every country outside of the west have terrible issues with corruption , human rights abuse and war . 
  even countries in direct dependency on europe in africa only ` pay lip-service ' to european countries in order to secure aid while not changing their actions at all . 
  no influence will shift to the eu or germany specifically because of brexit and the election of donald trump . 
  no one respects ` europe ' now , and that does n't look like it 's changing in the face of a decade of continued incompetence and embarrassment which began with the farcical implementation of the lisbon treaty . 
  throughout the entire history of the ` european project ' , voting and vetos and the like have been constantly removed/reformed and altered . 
  it 's suffice to say that the eu will be unrecognisable in 30 years time , just as it is unrecognisable to what it was in 1986 . 
   by 1870 the us was the largest economy in the world by far , outstripping the combined economies of the british , french , and german empire by 1905 i know that these are dates thrown about and the like but i 'm * certain * that i 've seen a chart showing that while germany and the usa 's gdp had overtaken the uk 's decades before , the usa 's economy did n't overtake the entire british empire 's economy until the 1910s . 
  i ca n't find the chart now though , and i 'm sure such discrepancies are based on different forms of measurement and the like . 
  i think the point that the other poster makes is that economic power only translates as geopolitical power if utilised , and that before ww2 , even though the usa may have had the capacity to , it did n't act outside of its area of interest in the western hemisphere and therefore did n't have much influence in pivot areas of the time such as africa and the middle east . 
   churchill was american , after all . 
  not exactly  he only had an american mother , and even then wikipedia refers to her as an ` american-born british socialite ', 
  it was the second song i ever downloaded . 
  the file on my pc says it was last modified on 14/10/2008 . 
  it 's a guilty pleasure !, 
  the central asian republics like turkmenistan , tajikistan , kyrgyzstan and uzbekistan . 
  i feel like that region is the only part of the world entirely untouched by british influence ( likely because there are no sea routes to those regions ) , but also because i feel like they are strange , dangerous countries where soviet-style oppression and hatred is combined with islam . 
  you ca n't really get less-western than that . 
  [ dschinghis khan - moskau ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvs351qkfv4 ),
