i 've always wished that nigel farage would eventually win a seat in the house of commons so he could berate the members of parliament in the way he so wonderfully has with the european parliament [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfxsj5wofya ) [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gm9q8uabts ) - this one is the best !, 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoatcs7wxhy ) and [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1lrfri0b5y ) i fear he 's a bit too successful for that these days though . 
  [ and this is what winning looks like ] ( https://twitter.com/nigel_farage/status/797584449047265281 ), 
  modern day ` globalisation ' that we see today in europe is different from that of previous decades and centuries . 
  in terms of migration , ` diversity ' and ` social globalisation ' - net migration into the uk has tripled from levels in the 1990s , and this is n't because of new technological advancements but because of specific political acts by particular individuals in government that have culminated in the societal failures we have seen today . 
  and it certainly is artificial . 
  there are obstacles into reaching europe but the uk is an island nation . 
  people ca n't just swim here unnoticed , they have to be accepted at airports and the like , and it has only happened because politicians wanted it to . 
  yes and it 's an artificial process , the societal negatives of which are enforced on the west alone . 
  no one voted or chose for ` globalisation ' to occur , not at a geopolitical or social level , and that 's why there has been a massive backlash in the form of ` brexit ' and president trump . 
  mainland europe seems to be a bit behind but i think this same wave of discontent will spill across the entire continent . 
  the nuanced cultures of the nations of europe are increasingly converging and becoming indistinguishable . 
  not as a product of european integration however , but because of continued dilution of unique values through the mass influx of islamic culture and the rise of appeasement attitudes across europe . 
  how can true cultural transfusion between britain and sweden be measured when the overwhelming amount of social interactions between inhabitants of said countries today occur between ` british ' and ` swedish ' islamic migrants living in islamic cultural bubbles devoid of that of their host nations ? 
  the hard-left , apologist islamo-fascist sympathisers of sweden are no different to those in germany and more recently scotland , and the policies and pressures they force on society constitute a bleaching process . 
  this bleaching of european identities and cultures into one ` white ' or ` european ' identity serves to validate claims that europe is n't ` diverse ' enough , despite being home to greatly different ethno-cultural groups such as spaniards , finns , irishmen and serbians . 
  the french government somewhat supports a joint eu military because they still have the delusions that the eu can be an extension of france , which has been the sole reason of french support for european integration since the late 1940s . 
  people talk about the uk having an inflated view of its own importance on the world stage , but the same could quite fittingly be said for france , and this support of a united eu army will be detrimental for the long-term position of france on the world stage . 
  an eu army , without the uk , will essentially be the french military with the comparatively minor militaries of the eu thrown on top . 
  how will france be able to act independently as it has done in north africa recently if other member states are unwilling ? 
  why would there be support to help a former french colony with which countries like poland have no connection to ? 
  an eu army will be indecisive and inflexible , essentially nothing other than a decorative border force . 
  a political , economic and social burden on france alone . 
  the eu has already supplanted the role of the netherlands and the former nordic bloc as ` middle powers ' at the united nations general assembly , and has sought to ` concert ' actions not only in the lesser chambers of the un but in the security council itself via article 19 . 
  the end goal is to have * true * eu representation in the unsc , which will become a valid proposal once the french military is supplanted by an eu one . 
  it was once thought that meaningful reform of the security council could have been achieved in the early 2000s , but it 's clear to me now that in any new renegotiation , the eu will receive a permanent seat at the unsc while eu-member states will no longer be able to attend as non-permanent members . 
  this will reduce representation of the eu down to 1 seat , instead of 3 or 4 which it tends to have currently in the form of permanent members france and the uk along with one or two of current eu states sometimes picked for non-permanent sittings . 
  what you will see here is a decline in the influence of not only france but of the european continent as a whole , caused directly by this attempt at unnecessary integration . 
  i think any sane person in the uk could have ascertained that those predictions were nonsensical . 
  the uk has been the fastest growing major economy ( defined as being in g7 ) for the last 7 years . 
  a small amount of brits have applied for irish passports , but the real story in the immediate aftermath was the unthinking hipster brits , clearly so uninformed about the eu that they automatically jumped onto this american trend without even the slightest knowledge of why they were doing so . 
  it made no sense , it was just desperate and embarrassing attention seeking really . 
  [ britons seek to ` move to canada ' after brexit vote ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/trending/uk-eu-brexit-vote-move-to-canada-1.3651308 ) [ a guide for brits who want to move to canada after brexit ] ( http://www.vice.com/en_uk/read/a-guide-for-brits-who-want-to-move-to-canada-after-brexit ) [ keen to move to canada ? 
  here are some things to consider ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-36730174 ) [ brexit fallout : ` how to move to canada ' trends in u.k. after european union vote ] ( http://globalnews.ca/news/2784868/brexit-how-to-move-to-canada-trends-in-u-k-after-european-union-vote/ ) [ canadexit : how to escape the clutches of donald trump and nigel farage ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/cities/2016/jul/01/canadexit-escape-donald-trump-nigel-farage-brexit-move-to-canada ), 
   what happened in to you in canada ? 
  its going to be okay , this is a safe space you can tell us anything . 
  if you think my view of canada in this particular respect is unjust , you could try and articulate why you believe so . 
  your current comment ( or attempt at making ' a funny ' ) is n't worthy of a real response . 
  i can see the liberal rabble rushing to apply now , not realising they 'd be going to a country with even stricter conservative laws regarding abortion for example . 
  as ridiculous as the remainer brits who wanted to move to canada after the brexit vote , not stopping to realise that canada is n't in the eu either . 
  just because a current system is in place does n't mean it 's right . 
  plato and aristotle did n't envisage a society outside of the city-state . 
  to them the polis was the ultimate and perfect society . 
  nation states have been proven to work . 
  this experimentation with globalisation has failed . 
  the real atrocity of the last few hundred years of oppressive regiemes , from european imperialism to soviet rule in eastern europe ? 
  taking away and suppressing peoples ' nationality . 
  destroying and suppressing communities that have been built up over thousands of years , bound by centuries of shared culture , history and values . 
  to impose this artificial ` citizen of the world ' nonsense on people who are suffering to fund not just the ` elites ' but also now the increasingly aloof ` middle class ' who believe they have more in common with each-other as a privileged , enlightened international group than with normal people in their own countries . 
  2016 is the year people across the west began saying ** no ** to globalisation imposed on us by an unseen , self-proclaimed elite , and i hope it spreads all across europe . 
  canada 's ` reputation ' as some sort of fantasmical wonderland of peace , joy and tolerance is completely undeserved . 
  canada contributes a pathetic 0.3 % of it 's gdp to foreign aid and is one of the largest polluters per capita in the civilised world , almost double the rate of per capita emissions in the uk . 
  canada has just become a word for fairy art and media students to say when they ca n't understand why public opinion is against them . 
  none of these people know anything of canada . 
  it 's a buzzword with a whole ridiculous meaning behind it like new speak in orwell 's 1984 . 
   the normal phenomenon was totalitarian control , feudalism and so on only according to the heavily disputed philosopher hobbes . 
   africa stays poor while at the same time complaining about migration and why we spend so much on aid . 
  all rich countries got rich from free trade , why not give that opportunity to the still poor ? 
  why should we not let the poor workers in africa get an income ? 
  rich countries ` got rich ' because of industrialisation and ingenuity in those countries . 
  africa had thousands of years of ` not being exploited ' and has remained a savage hell hole . 
  evidently countries can become integrated into the world without being smothered by mass immigration , like in japan and south korea . 
  why 's that not being allowed in the west ? 
  the biggest threat to the west is ` globalisation ' which , despite constant assertions , is not a natural or normal phenomenon but an artificial process forced onto the west to the detriment of normal everyday people . 
  the nation state must be preserved at the expense of non-governmental , unaccountable international organisations like the world bank and imf . 
  seriously though , cut foreign aid which is 0.7 % of gdp , the highest in the entire world . 
  to think ... and the uk wastes 0.7 % of gdp on foreign aid , which until last year was still going to india despite them having advanced nuclear and space programmes . 
  the uk could reduce its foreign aid budget to about 0.3 % , the same rate as canada 's , which is apparently so amazing , kind and generous , and spend more on space instead . 
  he seems to rubbish the uk at every opportunity he gets if it make americans laugh . 
  it 's pitiful to see a brit crap out that loud and shouty , low-hanging fruit style american humour . 
  i try and sit through some of these videos he does and find myself just constantly shaking my head wondering where the roars of laughter are coming from . 
  i guarantee that the people in the audience just judge when to begin laughing and clapping ( god , why ? ), 
  based upon the pitch of his squealing and the progressively ridiculous faces he pulls . 
  i do n't like him . 
  another great choice !, 
  anything from the last night of the proms would be great really . 
  not [ jerusalem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lofhvxe6yws ) i suppose . 
  as great as it is , it 's a bit england specific ... but england needs an anthem too !, 
   i think it 's simply the numbers game he 's pointing at : poles are simply much higher in numbers : 703 thousand in a 2015 census , that is up from 60k 14 years prior and in that time they surpassed large traditionally known foreign groups living in the uk like irish , pakistani and south africans . 
   he 's stating that the too large numbers in a short amount of time is the cause of poles being targeted . 
  no other eeu nationality comes even close . 
   this is essentially exactly the same story as with non-eu immigrants ( like moroccans and turks ) in the benelux or germany with the major difference being that poles are also european . 
  but the english seem to tend to make this distinction less , perhaps due to their different outlook upon europe . 
   do n't forget that even though there are indeed large groups of western european nationalities living in the uk , their numbers only rose very gradually plus there 's still the somewhat closer cultural relatedness with many of them . 
  yes perfect , this is exactly what i meant to get across . 
   however , it does n't mean that it 's not true that europeans do n't view this brexit vote as a rejection of europeans on a strange personal level . 
  a lot of it is due how insulting the debates for this referendum got . 
  yes i agree that the debate was handled very poorly , and i for one do n't ever want to experience anything as damaging and divisive as that again . 
  i think it 's important for people in the uk to keep at the forefront of our minds that even outside of the european union , we are still europeans and should continue behaving as such . 
  i think that 's right that when people speak of eu migration in public debate that they generally mean from eastern europe , but i think this is because the people ` hardest hit ' by immigration from the eu and therefore most vocal are working class people who traditionally work in factories or in low-end services , and while say traditional french migration wo n't hurt these people economically , eastern european arrivals can do . 
  there are n't provisions in place to help working class people now , still suffering from british de-industrialisation of the past , and it seems harder and harder to help them when immigration , particularly ` low-skilled ' immigration has been increasing so quickly , now at triple the rate it was in the 1990s . 
   shit , that was fucking stupid . 
  you are the perfect example of a brexit bigot . 
  well it 's easy to say that without making any counterclaims or real criticism of my own , so forgive me if i place less attention on this rather unhelpful comment than i otherwise would . 
  polish people are definitely the most numerous and well known of all eastern europeans in the uk , and they 've been here the longest . 
  i think many people do n't know the difference between polish people and russians for example , and that leads to a level of initial animosity maybe ? 
  from my experiences , people who are concerned with polish immigration often view people ` from that area ' of europe as being rather similar . 
  i do n't think british people see a distinction between latvians , lithuanians and polish people . 
  that said , there are n't many people from slovakia , the czech republic and estonia in the uk , but i think that , despite the very real cultural and geographical differences , initially most british people who do n't know about these nations would view them as all somewhat the same , as part of a mysterious conglomerate of countries that may or may not include transylvania , yugoslavia and turkey . 
  the more modern views of places like czech republic as partying locations are only really held by young people at the moment .
