  therefore : total uk gdp - $ 2,300 billion subtract scottish gdp ( $ 190 billion ) subtract welsh gdp ( $ 81.5 billion ) subtract n.ireland gdp ( $ 46.5 billion ) ** gives us an english gdp of $ 1,982 billion at today 's unrepresentative value of sterling . 
  ** by all accounts using traditional values it should be 13 % higher at around $ 2,200 billion . 
  at this stage however it becomes harder to continue . 
  there 's little uk government data i can find that states london 's gdp , so there is no official way to ascertain what percentage of the english gdp specifically it forms . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cities_by_gdp#cite_note-23 ) using no longer accessible data lists that in 2014 london 's gdp was at $ 542 billion , so using that data and taking it away from the size of the english economy using the value of sterling unaffected by brexit ( to prevent distortion of the 2014 london value ) we get a rough londonless-england gdp of $ 1,658 billion for between 2014-15 . 
  whether the italian economy was larger than this in 2014-15 is debatable , as italian gdp has n't been measured in the same way that the uk government measures its gdp . 
  the [ world bank ] ( http://databank.worldbank.org/data/download/gdp.pdf ) for example which measures the uk 's and italy 's gdp puts italian gdp in 2015 at $ 1.8 trillion . 
  but it also puts the uk gdp at $ 2.8 trillion , much higher than the values given by the uk government , which as stated earlier on in this post , puts the uk economy at $ 2.3 trillion if using current exchange rates . 
  it 's impossible to tell with certainty , but the thing i take away from this is that even if london-less england 's gdp is not larger than italy 's , it 's still about equal or only minutely smaller . 
  using world bank data it is certainly larger , as the uk is listed as having an economy an entire $ trillion larger than italy 's , and certainly london , scotland , wales and northern ireland do not form a $ trillion in gdp between them . 
  well i 've not done any purposeful distortion in any case , i was just using data from the world bank to get the total for the uk economy because i could n't find a uk government source for it . 
  the document you 've linked does n't seem to contain any of that data . 
  regardless of the specifics , the fact is that scotland 's gdp is a marginal percentage of the uk 's . 
  a part of the island of ireland is yes , but that 's not what we 're talking about . 
  the island of ireland is nothing but a geographical unit . 
  who 's stuck living in the past really ? 
  the uk * is * ` important ' enough to survive outside the eu . 
  it 's the world 's 5th largest economy . 
  your anger wo n't change that . 
  i think i 've read this story about 3 different times now since 2015 . 
  did n't manage to find a barbers then ? 
   we have good relationships with many commonwealth countries ; we have historically , culturally and geographically been in between europe and the us . 
  clear differences . 
  ireland is n't in the commonwealth at all for a starters and especially in economic and military factors there is less that ireland can offer other nations like the uk can , therefore strengthening the uk 's relationships compared to ireland 's . 
   i mean , you voted for brexit , is that not example enough ? 
  what about norway which does n't want to be part of the eu ? 
  are they arrogant ? 
  how about the 100 + countries of the world that are n't in * political * unions . 
  nafta , mercosur , asean and saarc among others are not comparable to the european union , as they 're largely non-political . 
  if the uk wanting to be an independent country harks back to the victorian era , then the notion of irish ` reunification ' is held by people stuck in the 1200s . 
  well it 's strange . 
  [ according to the scottish government in q4 2015 , scotland 's gdp not including offshore oil was # 143 billion , or $ 178 billion , and including the * geographical * share of offshore activity raises it to # 152 billion , or $ 189 billion . 
  ] ( http://www.gov.scot/topics/statistics/browse/economy/qna2015q4 ) this is a lot smaller than the wikipedia figure of $ 245 billion , but that may be in part because of the drop in sterling . 
  so using official scottish government figures , if we say that scotland 's economy is $ 189 billion , [ we can contrast that with world bank figures for the whole uk which is $ 2,858 billion ] ( http://databank.worldbank.org/data/download/gdp.pdf ) , which would mean that the scottish economy including oil is only 6 % of the uk economy , which is much lower than people usually say however . 
  what 's your point exactly ? 
  london is in england . 
  you could take away the largest metropolitan area of every nation state and see them fall down the rankings . 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_paris#paris_region_gdp ) , the paris region accounts for 30.7 % of mainland france 's gdp . 
   might still be ahead of scotland and certainly wales and ni , but by nowhere near the same margin well i think you 're sort of wrong here . 
  using wiki figures , the economy of england is $ 2.340 trillion , while the economy of scotland ( the largest of the remaining uk nations ) is $ 245.267 billion . 
  if we take away 22 % of english gdp it is reduced to $ 1.825 trillion , which is still larger than the gdp of italy including rome despite londonless england having a population of just 45m compared to italy 's 60m . 
  londonless england 's gdp would still be 7 times larger than that of scotland . 
  you could then decide to take away scotland 's oil capital , aberdeen , and it would be even larger . 
  it does n't matter whether scotland used to be a country . 
  things are n't validated by the past , because on that merit alone it would be equally valid that england should sign up to a newly refashioned roman empire . 
  the scottish parliament only came about in 1999 . 
  it 's not the continuation of the old scottish parliament . 
  most countries in europe share the same legal system , that does n't mean that they are the same country however . 
  legal systems transcend nations . 
  scotland may print currency , but it does n't have a separate one . 
  indeed that is one of the biggest issues preventing scottish independence , as the snp are unwilling to join the euro and expect to just retain the pound without guarantees from westminster . 
  by some of your definitions , any subdivision of a federal state is a country in waiting , whether that be bavaria or texas . 
  unlike those regions , scotland was permitted an independence referendum and scots backed remaining in the uk . 
   australia does n't like us . 
  new zealand does n't like us you 're talking rubbish . 
  for one thing the uk-australia free trade deal has been proposed * by * australia . 
  the majority of the populations of australia and new zealand have british heritage , they both still share cultural bonds with the uk via the monarchy among other things and clearly do n't despise us enough to remove the union jack from their flags . 
  the bonds with canada are less strong , but their recent election of that weirdo trudeau does n't mean that canada is suddenly ultra liberal . 
  his policies are alienating western canada leading to great anger in alberta particularly . 
  do n't expect him to be around for too long . 
  scottish mp 's in the house of commons will have an input however in accordance with the size of the scottish population , the views of which matter no more or less than that of any other person in the uk . 
  scotland does not command majority over the direction of the uk , and nor does yorkshire , east anglia or kent . 
  the status of being a ` country ' is a meaningless cultural status without political merit . 
  scotland is no different from any other region of the uk , like the north west of england which refused a devolved parliament . 
   the uk will be nothing more than england and a bunch of useless micro-territories you could argue that that 's what the uk already is . 
  england constitutes the overwhelming majority of the uk economy and population . 
  using world bank data , england * alone * would still be the world 's 5th largest economy . 
  the uk continues to exist because most english people are n't aware of the economic burden that the other uk countries cost england , which now gets about 20 % less public spending per person than the other countries of the uk via the ` barnett formula ' . 
  the article is n't only about the perceived number of muslims in poland , it only falls slightly short of calling the entirety of polish society and institutions islamophobic by saying that polish people need a ` resistance ' . 
  yes , because there 's only one way you 're allowed to think about muslims , and anything else is ` wrong ' . 
  soldier onward , poland . 
   who dump their garbage on the street . 
  who spit at conductors . 
  europeans learned to stop turning the streets into open sewers in the 1600s . 
  europeans have largely respected bus drivers since buses were invented 200 years ago . 
  i notice that in the uk it 's normally only outside the biggest cities among the real population that you still hear people thanking the driver when they leave the bus . 
  if you want to explain the rise of the so-called far-right , the reason is spitting at you right in the face . 
    never should we accept this behaviour as normal in our country . 
  the solution is not , to lump together groups of people , to insult them , or to simply deport whole groups of people . 
  we ca n't build a society like that . 
  the solution is mainly a matter of mentality . 
  we should continue to make clear what is and what is not normal in this country . 
  we have to defend our values actively . 
  deluded . 
  `` the solution is n't deporting failed migrants , we just need to tut louder and wag our fingers a bit more sternly next time there 's a mass rape or attempted terrorist attack '' . 
  i think what many people outside england fail to realise is that so much of ` british culture ' has been shaped by traditions , folklore and people from all over scotland , wales and ireland in addition to that from england . 
  even king arthur comes from welsh legend . 
  i struggle to believe that most of the regions of spain can all be grouped in one group with portugal when real linguistic and cultural divides still exist today , while when looking at the uk you would be expected to believe people in cornwall are more culturally similar to the irish than those in the rest of england . 
  i know this will be an unpopular opinion but i 'll say it anyway . 
  scotland , wales , and even the two irelands do not have a level of cultural distinction today that shapes everyday life or society that is different to that of england on a scale comparable to the distinctions between french , german and italian cultures . 
  the distinctions between ireland and the countries of the uk are no more powerful than the distinctions between sussex and yorkshire . 
  i 'm not saying this with imperial ambitions in mind , but i really would challenge anyone who disagrees with this to somehow quantify a real , substantial cultural distinction between say ireland and england . 
  celtic culture is dead , it does n't shape anyone 's life today . 
  the celtic languages are dead despite efforts to revive them , and speaker statistics are greatly over-exaggerated . 
  saying you can speak it on a census does n't make it true . 
  in truth , when dividing cultures into those of actual substantial distinction , the cultures of modern day england , scotland , wales , northern ireland , ireland , australia , new zealand ( and * maybe * canada ) have n't become distinguished enough from their parent ` british ' culture to be considered different in a greater sense than culture between germany and austria or between * certain * slavic countries . 
  this ` british ' culture i refer to is not that of current day britain , but that of the past which has been shaped by all former territories that made up the uk . 
  i do n't believe for a second that people in west switzerland and france share a greater deal of culture than the nations of the uk and ireland do . 
  the uk does have leverage in this negotiation . 
  the eu head negotiator has already said that [ the eu will need to have ` special ' access to the city of london ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/europe-special-deal-city-of-london-brexit-talk-michel-barnier-eu-withdrawal-banking-financial-sector-a7526946.html ) .
