  here 's a [ response ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5a5o5o/the_uk_has_no_choice_on_hard_or_soft_brexit/d9fdpxy/ ) to a similar comment which deals with the first part of your comment . 
  as for the nuclear deterrent :  surprisingly , the december 2006 white paper conceded that our us-dependent nuclear deterrent will become non-functional if relations sour with the us . 
  paragraph 4-7 puts it this way :  `` we continue to believe that the costs of developing a nuclear deterrent relying solely on uk sources outweigh the benefits . 
  we do not see a good case for making what would be a substantial additional investment in our nuclear deterrent purely to insure against a , highly unlikely , deep and enduring breakdown in relations with the us . 
  we therefore believe that it makes sense to continue to procure elements of the system from the us . '' the missiles are never being serviced all at once , it 's not like there are moments where the uk is completely void of nuclear capabilities . 
  this system seems to be good value for money to me . 
  it 's not realistic * at all * that the uk and usa would end cooperation in this aspect or in any other regarding the military and defence . 
   i doubt that the us would sell any foreign power -- even a close ally -- a weapons system with which the foreign power is free to do catastrophic damage to us allies , not to mention the us itself . 
  surely , the us must have a mechanism , under its explicit control , to prevent the targeting of states that it does n't want targeted ? 
  this part is basically conspiracy . 
  the whole purpose of the uk developing nuclear weapons was to have an independent deterrence against a soviet attack . 
  the government never would have accepted such a set up that would have been a colossal waste of money if the deterrent was n't independent . 
  the british governments of the 20th century would have been more likely to get rid of nuclear weapons completely and rely on the american umbrella than to spend a colossal sum on a nuclear missiles which can be prevented from being set off . 
  one ca n't even begin to imagine how the americans could technologically prevent such a uk launch , especially during the previous few decades with less technological capabilities . 
   it is very common in anglo-american sources to rank uk above france and i 'm sure french sources are n't neutral and probably rank france ahead of the uk regardless of any factors here  france has pretty much more of absolutely everything like unemployed people ? 
  :-)  france has the technical knowledge to build everything and not rely on foreign expertise/industries the uk buys a lot of american military hardware because its usually the best quality . 
  still , the big projects like aircraft carriers and submarine fleets are uk designed and uk built . 
   france is more active in conflicts since quite some time i do n't see that as particularly important . 
  -- it does n't matter on the specifics here , that 's why i said has ** ` arguably ' ** the most powerful military in the eu . 
  if the uk has n't got the most powerful military then it has the second most powerful military , only slightly behind france . 
  as the uk and france are the eu 's only major military powers , the consequences of the uk leaving are massive regardless of whether it technically is the most powerful or the close , second most powerful . 
  exactly , the economic rankings of countries are changed on an annual basis . 
  so the uk is still 5th currently . 
  it may seem pedantic but if you were writing an academic piece this would the correct and factual answer at this date . 
   i do n't know if you 've been following the news but germany got a big demographic boost recently and it has n't even ended . 
  at what cost ? 
  no one knows what impact this migration will have on germany . 
  i do n't think it 's enough to stop the german population plunging by 20 million people by 2050 as is currently forecast . 
  i would n't be surprised if bavaria seeks independence from germany before then . 
   you think the french economy is going to stagnate for eternity ? 
  even spain is beginning to grow . 
  i do n't think there are many positive signs at this stage . 
   here 's another article . 
  from your own country even . 
  the telegraph always goes on about the military and always wants more money spent on it . 
  articles like these further that goal . 
  it is a bit out of date though , and a lot of the issues brought up like aircraft carriers and the defence budget have already been solved . 
   third largest * [ reality check : is uk still the world 's fifth biggest economy ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) the uk is still europe 's second largest economy and is due to become its largest in a few decades time , largely because of german demographic collapse and french stagnation . 
   second most powerful * . 
  uk ranked above france in every military index i can find . 
  here 's an [ article ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/the-worlds-most-powerful-militaries-2014-12 ) . 
   is it now ? 
  yes , according to the [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37763913 ) . 
  and regardless of whether france would have taken the 5th spot since brexit , it would only be a temporary rise as the uk is forecast to become the largest economy in europe within a few decades time . 
  specific economic predictions are normally quite fickle but these predictions take into account demographic shifts , like the fall in german population and trends such as french economic stagnation . 
   there is a grown up solution to this but uk is acting childish and complaining about muh immigrants when actually the big 4 : germany , france , italy and spain have the same level of immigrants . 
  i made a post about this yesterday , i 'll just repost the highlights here : -----  despite the uk and ireland 's deeply entwined history and geographical proximity , only 500,000 irish citizens live in the uk today and only 10 % of the uk population have irish heritage at all . 
  this is a relationship and population borne out of hundreds of years of shared cultural , political and social history . 
   the bulk of polish migrants to the uk have only arrived since 2004 , but in 12 years they have eclipsed the number of people from ireland , a country which the uk shares a common travel area with and bestows proxy-citizenship rights to as a legacy of british rule . 
  i ca n't think of a country that irish people could move to easier than the uk . 
   the uk has already seen the polish population reach 700,000 , and the combined romanian and bulgarian population has reached 200,000 in just 2 and a half years . 
  again i 'm not saying anything is wrong with it but it 's not something you can just expect people not to notice and not want to evaluate as to whether it is good for the uk now and whether it 'll be good for the uk in decades to come . 
   just because this is happening all over western europe does n't mean it is normal or right . 
  no one approved it , no one voted for it and you ca n't force it on societies that have been built up over hundreds , if not thousands of years . 
  ----- in any case , brexit was n't only about immigration . 
  the eu today is unrecognisable from what it was in 1996 . 
  it 'll be radically different in 2036 . 
  both staying in the eu and leaving the eu means an uncertain , unpredictable future . 
  the uk electorate have decided they do n't want to integrate further into a super national union and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
   britain is the 28th kid in a very large family , throwing a tantrum during the school run , and mama brussels simply does n't have time for it . 
  there is a really unhelpful level of smugness by both sides here . 
  while the uk is n't the mighty equal of the eu that can get whatever it wants like some have claimed , it * is * the eu 's second largest economy , third most populous nation and arguably has the most powerful military in the eu , so there ought to be a reasonable , grown-up negotiation to build a new eu-uk framework that can benefit all of europe by keeping the uk as a strong pillar of the european community as a * continent * . 
  how can we define ` special treatment ' in this sense and what can we compare with a potential new uk-eu deal ? 
  it 's all new territory and i think really a new agreement can only be considered ` special treatment ' if it specifically disadvantages the eu somehow , rather than because it might cross ideological ` red lines ' . 
  the future of the eu itself might be in the balance here , and too much focus by the leaders of the eu on * just * the economy or * just * ideology will risk leading it to collapse . 
   no historic or cultural bonds --  the 60s this is n't historic . 
  the uk has a relationship with the countries and people of the indian subcontinent and africa and the caribbean because of hundreds of years of empire and commonwealth history . 
  there is reason to explain and justify high migration from these regions into the uk today . 
  the true is not the same of germany and turkey . 
   the fact is uk would be the most affected either in a total or partial tit for tat trade war ( by a wide margin ) , then ireland , then benelux , then nordics . 
  anything of the sort would lead to the complete unraveling of the entire western allied system . 
  if there was going to be a tit for tat trade war , it would likely spark a hellish unraveling of all european agreements , from the anglo-french defence agreement to possibly even the eu itself . 
  why would the benelux nations follow policy that disproportionately harms their economy for seemingly no reason . 
  how will the already eurosceptic populations of denmark , the netherlands , sweden , austria and others view this eu-inflicted act of self-harm that runs completely contrary to their national interest . 
  it would be a monumental disaster for european countries both individually and as a continent and lead to the collapse of european political , cultural and ideological strength around the world . 
  ultimately , and quite tellingly , this ` warning ' makes no sense at this stage . 
  there is n't a simple process through which a nation 's currency becomes or ceases to be a reserve currency . 
  it is n't directly affected by many of the factors listed in the article , and much like every other economic forecast , this ` warning ' is a semi-political tool used in an attempt to influence public , private and government opinion , and therefore policy . 
  this is western europe , the countries involved are those such as the uk , france , germany and the netherlands . 
  people need to stop talking about the prospect of a ` trade war ' or 'em bargo ' . 
  it 's about as unlikely and impossible as a naval blockade or nuclear strike . 
   its numbers of foreign-born population are pretty average . 
   britain does not have more migrants than other we countries , so that 's not the reason why migration has become such a big issue in britain . 
  ` average ' how exactly ? 
  there 's nothing natural or typical about having a foreign-born population of 13 % . 
  i 'm struggling to put into words what i want to say without being misunderstood ...  italy has more romanians ( 1.1 m ) than uk has poles ( 870k ) . 
  germany has more turks ( 1.4 m ) i 'm not saying that there 's anything wrong with this high level of migration at this stage ... but it 's not normal is it ? 
  it 's not natural . 
  all you have to do is take a look at a map or know basic history . 
  turkey does n't sit next to germany . 
  turkey and germany have next to no historic or cultural bonds that explain this massive population of turks in germany . 
  despite the uk and ireland 's deeply entwined history and geographical proximity , only 500,000 irish citizens live in the uk today and only 10 % of the uk population have irish heritage at all . 
  this is a relationship and population borne out of hundreds of years of shared cultural , political and social history . 
  the bulk of polish migrants to the uk have only arrived since 2004 , but in 12 years they have eclipsed the number of people from ireland , a country which the uk shares a common travel area with and bestows proxy-citizenship rights to as a legacy of british rule . 
  i ca n't think of a country that irish people could move to easier than the uk . 
  how can you just expect people to experience a massive shift in their society and not be concerned ? 
  people are naturally adverse to radical changes , and it does n't matter whether polish immigration to the uk is good or bad , it 's a big change and that can not be denyed . 
  the uk has already seen the polish population reach 700,000 , and the combined romanian and bulgarian population has reached 200,000 in just 2 and a half years . 
  again i 'm not saying anything is wrong with it but it 's not something you can just expect people not to notice and not want to evaluate as to whether it is good for the uk * now * and whether it 'll be good for the uk in decades to come .
