what a shitty comment . 
  just how deep does your russophobia go ? 
  you 're citing an old russia today poll , and you had use wayback machine to find it , too ? 
  did you have that one stashed in the bookmarks in case you needed it ? 
  of course you did . 
   man , what were you thinking ? 
  strictly going by the comments , rt is mostly visited by anti-west , nwo believing conspiratorial nutjobs . 
  hardly representative of what `` most russians believe '' , would n't you think ? 
  thank you for your thoughtful contribution . 
  it 's an independent daily owned by a finnish media group . 
  the moscow times is categorically anti-kremlin for the most part . 
  this has nothing to do with sanctions . 
  did you even read what i wrote , you mindless drone ? 
  i 'm not a communist crime denier , my family was directly affected by stalin 's crimes against humanity . 
   take off your stalinglasses and forget everything they taught you in school or what you read in russian media . 
  thanks for the sincere advice . 
  you know , i did just that . 
  did n't you read the scholarly paper i linked you ? 
  there 's absolutely no way of independently verifying that stalin said this . 
  the source ( djilas ' own book ) is dubious , at best . 
  how many times are you going to repeat that falsehood ? 
  you sound like a bot . 
  see my reply to you here : http://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/34ilao/the_rape_of_berlin/cqvujnw, 
  it 's the other way around , actually . 
  the wehrmacht was much more deliberate in facilitating and condoning rape during wwii . 
  some parts of the red army had a very `` boys will be boys '' attitude , and was very willing to let discipline be lax for the sake of revenge . 
  but it was n't centrally organized in the way germany used rape as a weapon of war . 
  on the other hand , there were documented orders coming down from stavka or the hundreds of thousands of documented instances of red army men executed or arrested for their heinous actions . 
  http://scholarship.claremont.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1683&amp;context=cmc_theses the wehrmacht organized a vast system of military brothels in eastern europe using sex slaves recruited from poland , the soviet union , etc. 
  punishment for raping civilian women in the east was either explicitly waived or never enforced . 
   but in reality just an incremental upgrade of the 1978 vintage s-300 system not really , there have been numerous important upgrades since the 70s . 
  see this chart http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s-300_%28missile%29#variations_and_upgrades the s-400 's radar can detect and track targets with a radar cross section of 0.02 m ^ 2 within 400 km . 
  guess how big the b2 's ( stealthier than the f-22 ) radar cross section is ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  why have n't you been banned yet ? 
  want a piece ? 
  that happened just last week ? 
  well , good luck to turks , it may take decades to develop something like that from scratch without any outside help . 
  they 've had no problems buying the chinese clone of the s-300, 
  it 's not a technology transfer at all , only the scientific results will be shared at the end , which is n't much because that would be shared to the public at some point anyway , at least most of the data . 
  were you honestly under the impression that thales alenia space and airbus space would transfer critical intellectual property on their hundred-million dollar orbiters and rovers to rka ? 
   russians are not particularly good or tested at any of the technologies involved in this mission neither is anyone else , apart from nasa , who ditched the mission , but rka was the next best entity to contract for this ( the rover lander in particular ) . 
  if esa only needed a lift from russian rocket , then that 's all they 'd ask for , like the majority of space agencies in the world do . 
  but rka has unique expertise it could offer , including building certain scientific instrumentation for the mission . 
  how is this mission going to be a writeoff ? 
  you know that rka is simply collaborating and that the mission is entirely under the control of the esa ? 
  well , if it makes you feel any better , roscosmos is not part of the kremlin 's aerospace forces or anything related to the military . 
  it 's a scientific research and engineering agency . 
  nasa canceled its commitments to the exomars mission and the esa turned to roscosmos to build the lander for the exomars rover and certain scientific instrumentation for their experiments because nobody else had the experience in these areas . 
  also , it needed russia 's proton rockets . 
  this is n't the thread for you to reveal your wet dreams , bud . 
  lmao , this guy, 
  the nuclear power plant is in rostov . 
  it 'll be the first stage of the energy bridge . 
  i 'm not sure why it 's taking so long , but the project has been ready for a while now . 
  can i read about this somewhere on the internet ? 
  was it reported in local media ? 
  the energy bridge to crimea from a nearby nuclear power plant in russia should be active after december 20, 
  if it 's such common knowledge , why have n't you provided me with a valid source ? 
  the only thing i found was an npr interview that said this  this time , fighters are encouraged to post videos on youtube to prove they are using the missiles for the intended purpose . 
  one fighter reached via skype said that they were required to return the casings of the missiles to `` a foreign intelligence agency '' to prove they had used them . 
  the source is this : https://hasanmustafas.wordpress.com/2015/05/08/the-moderate-rebels-a-complete-and-growing-list-of-vetted-groups-fielding-tow-missiles/ which mentions nothing about the cia requiring videos of every tow strike . 
  yeah bud , i looked . 
  nothing there . 
   cia requires every tow shot to be filmed ss source ? 
  there 'll be 2 strings of pipeline, 
   whole georgian industry was sold to turkey where can i read more about this ? 
  similar things happen to russia and ukraine ( sold entire industries to china , japan , s. korea , etc ) . 
  cool , are you living in north caucasus ? 
  or do you visit ? 
  interesting , well , i do n't doubt that the fsb would do something like that . 
   founded a connection between is rather than a isolated imarat well , i dispute your claim that there ever existed an isolated caucasian emirate . 
  for many years it was and still is allies with al-qaeda , and later jma and al-nursa . 
  and iirc , there is split among caucasus emirate leadership on allegiances to is vs. al-qaeda affiliated jihadi groups . 
  isis only recently separated from al-qaeda two years ago . 
  it 's a complicated jihadist clusterfuck , not to mention that the beliefs of jihadists are pretty fuzzy to begin with . 
   as you can see , they have n't flourished . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by that . 
  why are people making a big deal out of whether he was or was n't an ethnic russian ? 
  there seem to be a non-trivial amount of white european converts to `` islam '' fighting for isis . 
  why are people fixated on this anyway ? 
  also , dagestani is n't an ethnicity , it 's not even a language . 
  most dagestanis are ethnic avars and the avar language is the second most spoken language in the republic . 
  all according some 6 random chechen/daghestani militants who fought in syria , according to the circulated report . 
  solid evidence , no doubt . 
  even if that report is the slightest bit true , then you have to admit , it 's quite ingenious . 
  you can never truly eradicate the salafist jihadi cancer ( i wo n't discuss the root cause here ) , so you quarantine it to syria so that it does n't metastasize in your backyard . 
  then , when you have them contained in a single area , you can easily liquidate them in the open syrian desert as opposed to the difficult caucasus mountain geography . 
  all according to 6 random people . 
  solid evidence , no doubt . 
  even if this report is the slightest bit true , then you have to admit , it 's quite ingenious . 
  you can never truly eradicate the salafist jihadi cancer , so you quarantine it to syria so that it does n't metastasize in your backyard . 
  then , when you have them contained in a single area , you can easily liquidate them in the open syrian desert as opposed to the difficult caucasus mountain geography, 
  i am aware of these things . 
  kadyrov is a bandit and a shame to russia . 
  if there 's one time russia should be able to issue capital punishment , it 's to put down kadyrov . 
   ... , where they 'll face torture and/or execution . 
   which is very likely in russia . 
  russia has n't executed anyone since 1996 and an indefinite moratorium for executions has been put in place since around the same time . 
  it was one of the conditions to russia 's entry into the council of europe .
