  and you ca n't make money if your customers are dead . 
  should n't they be suing themselves for the `` nuclear exit '' which lead to heavy air pollution in germany ? 
   that 's called `` opposition '' - it is an essential part of democracy . 
  not when that `` opposition '' is external . 
  usually one would call this an attack on the sovereignty of a state . 
  but hey , as long as it 's good for germany who 's going to complain ... 
  do you remember how we used to laugh at the kremlinbots telling us the whole majdan shit in ukraine was a coup staged by the eu ? 
  is it still so funny ? 
  how are we damaging our country ? 
  or do you mean we 're doing things that are unpopular with western left-leaning liberals ? 
  the last time funky shit was going on in poland the eu did n't rise one eye brow . 
  but then again they were on very good terms with the last government ... 
  did n't you hear ? 
  secret police ( pistapo ) is rounding up leftists and protestants and forces them to eat flaczki . 
  \\ # 1 angela merkel \\ # 2 - # 99 nothing, 
  you still did n't tell what exactly poland should be giving back . 
  also they do n't realize how vastly small the amount of eu funds we 're getting is compared to our gdp and tax revenues ( and that we will be a net contributor soon and will get less out than we pay in ) . 
  according to them poland before 2004 must have been some hellhole of a 3rd world country with people eating snow . 
  it 's like some fucker handing you over $ 5 every month and expecting you to be thankful like he was paying your rent . 
   a fuckload of eu money how much exactly ? 
  so you 're saying the eu regards the polish electorate as little children who do n't know what 's good for them and who need to be protected from themselves ? 
  poland abolished communism on our own . 
  we do n't need office sitters in brussels to tell us how not to succumb to totalitarian rule . 
  the eu is not a pan-european superstate with a centralized government . 
  while you can issue certain regulations and standards you ca n't just oust democratically elected governments because they do n't follow you world view . 
  what giving back do you want more ? 
  poland has opened its markets at great expense to domestic businesses for foreign corporations . 
  what do you expect more ? 
  dissolving the sejm and officially handing all power over to berlin ? 
  rules about lightbulbs and bananas might be ok as they are creating inter-european standards which is good for commerce . 
  but what we do n't need is german 3rd rate politicians to tell us that we 're bad at democracy and how to run our country ... 
  germany does n't like it when their workbench is getting strange ideas of sovereignty ... 
  i hope he does n't . 
  because everywhere else being given jobs or being financed by the government means you are at least a little biased . 
  but not in germany . 
  because germans are exceptional people . 
  they are just better than everyone else . 
  there 's no corruption or cronyism anywhere near germany . 
  in fact they do n't even have words for that !, 
  ( and they have very long words for almost everything else ) !, 
  sorry mate . 
  i 'm just as much in disbelief as you are . 
  i ca n't fathom how the pure german soul could ever be involved in something like that . 
  now excuse me , please . 
  tvp is sending the daily hour of hate and then they will unveil the secret of how our dear leader kaczynski created the moon . 
   that they run a public station also prevents them antagonizing the government beyound making a few soft-ball jabs at it or wait ?!, 
  what ?!, 
  but every german ever on reddit tells us that the german public media is totally independent from the government and that kind of thing only happens in corrupt eastern europe . 
  it 's german `` humor '' . 
  eh , but that 's what we need . 
  this whole `` oh all those people have tolerant world views and only few are radical and even fewer support violent terrorism '' shit the media is repeating around the clock wo n't get us very far . 
  the public needs to see the true face of what 's going on : an aggressive political movement hell-bent on conquering the world . 
  yeah , so what ? 
  i do n't care about great propaganda for isis . 
  just carpet bomb them to hell . 
  on a normal day i would agree with you . 
  but at a time when europe is invaded by islam i think we need a counter . 
  just to keep those people who need religion for functioning from defecting to the other side . 
  i lived for some 5 years next to that : https://ssl.panoramio.com/photo/65823488 it was n't too bad honestly . 
  there were of course religious holidays where they outdid themselves with bell ringing but on an average sunday it was n't really annoying . 
  more annoying was that church goers would occupy my private parking space regurarly . 
  church bells can sound nice and are not as intrusive ( usually - there are days when they go full retard with the bell ringing ) as a guy crying 5 times a day every day . 
  just do n't visit the american parts of reddit and you 'll be fine , 
  doggerland best land :( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doggerland#/media/file:doggerland3er.png, 
  san francisco in ashes ?!, 
  when !, 
  also what we learned from jurassic park : once they find out how to overcome the fences we 're doomed . 
  kek @ those `` gib clay back '' comments on the polish/german border images . 
  sounds to me like he was claiming that it 's already a `` putin style democracy '' . 
  but maybe someone with better knowledge of german could bring some light into this . 
  but still . 
  this hyperbole is problematic . 
  i would n't have any problems with sober criticism of what pis is doing with the constitutional court , etc. 
  but western politicians and media started right off the bat with `` poland is now a dictatorship/end of democracy '' - style hyperbole . 
  and as i 'm not too inclined to listen to hysteric people i wo n't listen to their criticism either . 
  http://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article150817210/schulz-warnt-vor-putinisierung-europaeischer-politik.html tl ; dr `` schulz : poland gets putinized '' ... that 's how you make friends in poland ... 
  it 's not just a stupid tabloid spouting shit to sell more units . 
  it 's the president of the european parliament who says this . 
  ( does n't really help that he 's german ) . 
   how is this hyperbolic ? 
  in the regard that people still have the same personal freedoms as they had with the last government . 
  poland did n't turn into little north korea over night - and it wont . 
  no one is forcing you to go to church ( gasp , i as a current pis supporter have n't been to church once in the last 15 years ) . 
  no one is trying to jail you because you 're a homosexual . 
  no one is banning you from a profession because you have a different world view . 
  i can go out on the street and say `` lol i hate the current government '' and i wo n't get taken away by the secret police . 
  but maybe you have a different definition of a liberal democracy to offer ? 
  so , why is poland not a liberal democracy in your eyes ? 
  its elite is involved in organized crime '' ... german propaganda machinery at full blast . 
   the actions of eu and some declarations of few foreign politicians could be the reason why the ruling party is actually gaining support in opinion polls . 
  i was n't actually a big pis supporter . 
  i just regarded them to be the lesser evil compared to po in the last elections . 
  but the constant shittalking from german and eu politicians made me actually defend pis . 
  not because i find their policies good . 
  but simply because i regard it as an attack on the polish electorate . 
  no matter how retarded the politicians voted into power may be - if they were democratically elected by polish people then others have to accept that . 
  well , for the nazis it was the `` race/nation '' . 
  for the communists it was the `` proletariat '' . 
  these are the essential differences . 
  the rest is pretty much the same for both ideologies .
