  nope , all go to europe and live a glorious life on social welfare because `` it 's your god-given right and kuffar have to work for your wellbeing '' . 
  we have our own problems . 
  we ca n't be the world 's social welfare department because `` lolol colonies/lol dat richness/lol guilt '' . 
  but why would she want that ? 
  are the wages in eastern europe getting too high ? 
  do the german vw factories across europe require more lower paid labor ? 
  i honestly ca n't think of a sane reason to flood europe with unproductive people who will only strain social systems to a breaking point . 
  nobel prize for merkel . 
  does merkel really need help with that ? 
  also : why would he ? 
  is n't merkel one of the more pro-putin politicians in the eu ? 
  cool dude . 
  hey , not all europeans deny it . 
  there 's some special breeds that are all `` lol i hate america but also gib me nato protection so i dont have to fight for my own freedom but also i hate america really really ja ? '' . 
  but many people appreciate what the us is doing and would rather have their governments spend more on defense . 
  suddenly sweden implodes . 
   we have lots of worried friends in poland . 
  either they 're bullshitting you or they need medical attention . 
  gyros vs kebab - i honestly do n't know whom to support . 
  both are delicious :(, 
  you not understanding the whole thread since your first comment is another hysterical stereotype . 
  obama, 
  technological overkill . 
  all you need is an atv , an adidas jogging suit and initiative . 
  of course the first thing you see is a photo of a child . 
  i ask myself how long they looked for such a photogenic subject . 
   thorbjorn jagland , secretary general of the council of europe , said the proposal to send migrants back would contravene international law . 
  since when is sending migrants back against the international law ? 
   a note on terminology : the bbc uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum . 
  this group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as syria , who are likely to be granted refugee status , as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives , who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants . 
  ah , understood . 
  you 're just calling everyone a migrant because calling them according to what they are would make it sound like most of them are not real refugees and just economic migrants and you could n't push your `` oh look photos of children behind fences '' feelgood agenda so easily ? 
   mr van nierop has previously argued that he suffers from `` psychological problems '' including gender identity issues and suicidal thoughts . 
  well , as gender is just a social construct he should be ok . 
   we mean when we say that poland has become the russia of the eu as long as germany stays the germany of europe that 's fine i guess ... 
  so why does n't germany fund pro-nazi plays in their theatres ? 
  i mean that can be considered a form of censorship . 
   and the author of that article lives in poland as well so i guess what afd tells us is 100 % accurate because they live in germany ? 
  everyone has an agenda . 
  only because she 's from poland does n't make her opinion anymore neutral than it makes frau petry an expert on german migration . 
  stupid pole . 
  german always knows better what 's really going on . 
  let him tell you about your country !, 
  and the german press takes every chance they can get to shit on poland publicly . 
  a perfect alliance . 
  ( add german-owned polish language publications to the mix to spice up a little ) . 
   i do n't use cash anymore . 
  translated : `` i 'm acting like an idiot and so should everyone else '' . 
   what if instead of introducing a single currency we all decided to get rid of cash and use emv and bank transfers for payments ? 
  negative interest . 
  another way to rob the small people of their savings . 
  that 's what if . 
   the rest of europe ended up liberated later on because of continued pressure from the usa as well . 
  yeah , after getting sold to stalin for the first 50 years . 
  thanks for liberation !, 
  oh look , the night shift has arrived . 
  i do n't accuse the us of anything . 
  just sayin ' that their motives were n't completely selfless . 
   it 's still as safe here as in say , london the city where you can get stabbed in daylight because some youth were bored ? 
  yes , now you 're laughing . 
  and your children will be in deep shit . 
  but hey , at least you can be memelord on reddit for one day , 
  they will be our first line of defense when russia invades !, 
   why does eastern europe react in such a hysterical way to the idea of even a miniscule number of refugees ? 
   because news from western europe ? 
  we do n't want to repeat your mistakes , 
  the thing is that even in dodgy districts nothing will happen to you 99 % of the time . 
  you must be extremely stupid ( starting fights with the denizens , belonging to the wrong football club ) to get in trouble there . 
  because islam is the religion of love . 
   it seems like infantilizing the user base to protect them from posts . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  moderator posts always attract very `` strange '' people who think they know better than anyone else . 
  they simply must protect the dumb masses from themselves or anarchy would eat us alive . 
  bulgaria does n't need to close borders . 
  they have dinko protecting them : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uiyl5qy5l6q&amp;feature=youtu.be , 
  all the ex east bloc countries are relatively high up in such statistics . 
  in socialism/communism women were expected to work too . 
   besides i want free healthcare free as in `` paid by taxes ''  free health care is almost nowhere a reality . 
  you pay either higher taxes or monthly contributions . 
  sure , the contributions are not as high as `` lol pay $ 20k for that broken leg '' but they are not insignificant either . 
  in poland it 's something like 200 euros/month for a self employed person . 
  in germany it 's double that iirc . 
  the usa only intervened after britain promised to surrender all of their overseas bases to the us . 
  this lead to the current total domination of the world seas by the usa . 
  which essentially is the base of their position as the world 's premiere super power . 
  the usa profited hugely from that deal . 
  great britain lost their empire . 
  one half of europe prospered . 
  the other half was left to rot in shit . 
  at no point the americans acted `` selflessly to bail out a bunch of warring europeans '' . 
  the americans drive hard realpolitik . 
  ( no accusation here ) . 
  psst ... do n't tell anyone . 
  [ patriotism intensifies ], 
  i 'd watch it . 
  prague !, 
  i do n't know . 
  are birds allowed to join ? 
  weeabo - did you find waifu or had tentacle sex ? 
   and tourists dont go to italy for kebabs maybe they do ?
