   or are you saying that your will is more important than the collective will of the whole electorate of a foreign country ? 
  if yes - on what do you base that ? 
  please enlighten me . 
  ( if you want to tell me about depreciation i already wrote a comment about that further below ) . 
  so do you want to take those 15 billion back or not ? 
  i 'd rather you have it than not . 
   do i pay taxes on that ? 
  sure , i even pay a higher percentage of total revenue . 
  i then pay vat , companies do not pay vat , though we both pay payroll tax . 
  ...  if not why are you defending these scammers and thieves ? 
  because i 'm not an asshole . 
  just because i have it bad does n't mean everyone else should have it equally bad . 
  i 'd rather see everyone 's situation improved . 
  officially the tax rate is at around 40 % in the us ( federal + state ) . 
   the federal corporate tax rate stands at 35 % , and jumps to 39.2 % when state rates are taken into account so not far from what wozniak demand . 
  but then again somehow they do n't pay those 40 % and manage to pay on average 12 % . 
  http://money.cnn.com/2013/07/01/news/economy/corporate-tax-rate/ it 's almost as if high tax rates would create incentives to minimize taxes . 
  and 10 % additionally would just add more pressure to minimize those taxes . 
  so it would create even more incentive to under-report earnings by smart tax-optimization practices ? 
  eh ... yes but not really . 
  buying a machine for $ 100 does n't diminish your worth by $ 100 . 
  you are worth the same - only that you have $ 100 less cash but for that you have an asset worth $ 100 . 
  depreciation is just the process that models the machine losing worth over n years and deducting that loss from your profits every year . 
  your washing machine will be pretty much unusable after 10 years of washing . 
  so over 10 years you deprecate its worth by $ 10 each year . 
  that means that you can only deduct those $ 10 from your profits . 
  which in the end means you pay $ 10 * tax_rate less taxes this year . 
  in the first year of your investment you pay exactly ( almost because accounting ) the same taxes as if you had n't bought that machine at all and just kept the $ 100 on a bank account . 
  so buying a machine as a business does n't mean `` lol i 'm getting it tax free '' . 
  it just means that over the life time of the machine your business will lose worth every year and this loss is what you can deduct from your profits each year . 
  you know where new investments , r&d , etc. 
  is paid from ? 
  right . 
  not every business is like the simplified `` i buy cheap shit and sell it for more and the difference is my profits '' - model most people have in their heads . 
  sure , after he has made his millions he 's all for unsustainable tax rates , 
  can we have more based americans running around europe please ? 
  first they stop that train attack in the thalys and now this . 
  i would n't be really sad if those 15 billion bribe would go away . 
  we 're getting a few kms of roads and playgrounds and for that we should give up our sovereignty . 
  seems like a shitty deal to me , tbh . 
  when it was your turn to show solidarity all you did was say `` lol fuck you '' . 
  and now we 're just reciprocating ... 
  western europe is corrupt , too . 
  they 're just better at hiding it . 
  ah , that famous one-way solidarity again . 
  which they expect from us but do n't give a fuck about solidarity when it 's against their interests , 
  facts ? 
  like muslim youth being over-proportionally represented in crime statistics ? 
  or what do you mean ? 
   you have failed to demonstrate how this `` political correct , utopian view '' affects anything , let alone leading to ... all the problems we are facing . 
  categorically denying the fact that there 's a problem with overrepresented muslim youth criminality in european countries leads only to that problem becoming worse and worse because trying to fix it would be seen as politically incorrect . 
  general vs. universal . 
  no one is making universal claims about people as making such claims is stupid . 
  but you can very well make claims about a general population and be pretty correct overall . 
  you forgot : * we did n't integrate them well enough . 
  it 's our fault . 
   are a different type of security risk from let 's say refugees . 
  yes , but refugees/immigrants turn into `` underage people who live in a country long time '' in just one generation though . 
  why are you putting enemies in quotes ? 
  according to the official russian military doctrine we are enemies to russia . 
   many redditors , especially from the anglosphere & western europe , that 's because they do n't live in the border regions where those multi polar powers meet . 
  ask the baltics how they feel about the prospect of a multi polar world ... ( i 'm not even comfortable myself here in gdansk ) . 
  ehm , ~ ~ controlling ~ ~ influencing 28 countries via just a few bureaucrats in brussels ? 
  want something banned or allowed in the eu ? 
  just lobby some people in brussels instead of seeking out 28 individual governments . 
  implying ukrainians would move to poland or czechia if they had a working visa valid for the whole eu . 
  eh , i 'm not too thrilled tbh . 
  how racist of us :(, 
  what happened to rhodesia was a tragedy . 
  but also do n't hate the pole hating everything . 
  that 's our favorite past time . 
  so the nyt wo n't report about something local in germany because it 's not in their scope . 
  and the local german media wo n't report because \\* censored * . 
  yes , i 'm sure that 's an indicator for me being a total conspiracy nut ... 
   like some other ones in europe and which would that be ? 
  i fucking hate polls . 
  says mr. `` bring rhodesia back '' , 
  shitty neighbors . 
  ( you know exactly whom i 'm talking about ) . 
  i still feel sorry for you because you only get to see one side of the coin in your media . 
  no matter if state owned or private - they all somehow wo n't report about certain things . 
  so when are they going to finally close gazeta wyborcza ? 
   i mean they 're anti government and now that we have fallen that much in the ranking the closing can be only a few days away . 
  if your business model is based on producing content that no one would want to pay for - not even indirectly by viewing ads - then you probably should n't be pursuing that business much longer . 
  the free market has spoken : people will visit most websites _ only _ if they are totally free . 
  hey , it 's their `` bernie '' . 
  unable to fend for yourself ? 
  hate it that some people have more than you ? 
  want more welfare ? 
  go communist !, 
  / sent from my iphone, 
   he says that he will let russia do its thing bye , bye , baltics . 
  oh , that 's something i did n't expect . 
  so he saw polish helicopters returning from their secret mission in russia ? 
   the bikers come to the monastery to pray for safety while on the road . 
  and their prayers go unheard every year ... 
  you know , there 's a nazi-themed europe subreddit if you want to discuss the `` jewish world conspiracy '' further , 
  warsaw is obviously a polish city so they of course rose up against their polish oppressors !, 
  ( did n't want to go to the polish death camps duh ) . 
  here 's some original footage from wwii : http://i.imgur.com/obvqfey.jpg,
