  control over bulgarian borders obviously . 
  drang nach osten is real , 
  well , we should think about what they say and take it into account . 
  i mean the usa has a long democratic tradition so they know what they 're talking about . 
  unlike certain neighbouring countries which try to tell us how to run a democracy even though they had to be forced into a democratic system ... 
  yeah , if i was a prostitute i 'd be afraid . 
  that 's how serial killer movies start , 
   also , all eastern-european accents . 
  is n't freedom of movement great ? 
  eastern europe is heavily profiting from eu membership !, 
  this history lesson has been brought to you by : stormfront . 
  your friendly weather service . 
  is that the beginning of a radio yerevan joke ? 
  and russia wonders why no one wants to be their allies/in their sphere of influence . 
  it 's like being friends with a schizophrenic mma fighter ... it 's cool when you walk down the street and no one dares to fuck with you . 
  but you never know when your friend might snap and fuck you up , 
   not deploying troops , strong statement instead spineless fucks . 
  baltics need to join v4 !, 
  / edit : also nice how the brits decide to lose the nuclear war :3, 
  yeah , they got something we would consider `` moderate '' or `` progressive '' right-ish . 
  then comes nothing . 
  and then come the parties who 'd like to go full hitler . 
  there 's just no democratic conservative right in germany . 
  which might work out under normal circumstances but now what should citizens vote for if they do n't like how their `` right '' party handles immigration ? 
  that 's how you get extremists/populists in power . 
  yeah , just raid a few hospitals and get this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goi\u00e2nia_accident, 
  hippies ? 
  i can only say that my health care is not paid by my taxes . 
  i have to pay extra for public health insurance ( and i got a private insurance because the public system is shit ) . 
  i believe it 's the same in germany . 
  also : taxes are theft . 
  gib asylum in texas . 
  need freedom :(, 
  czechoslovakia had at the time roughly 15 million inhabitants . 
  so everyone there was against communism . 
  explain plox :  lunokhod orders and  well , you killed your indians !, 
  kthx, 
   `` and the refugees , who have already endured so much to escape conflict , are finding themselves at the centre of hostility and violence here in france . '' yeah , sorry , but their problems are self made . 
  they could ask for asylum/refugee status in france any time yet still they prefer to live in the calais `` jungle '' because reasons . 
  no one forces them to stay there . 
  france even tried to get them to better living conditions . 
  but nope . 
  also i do n't know how trustworthy ms. mosley is . 
  if you google for her name and `` care4calais '' a lot of `` interesting '' things come up . 
  like `` uk truck drivers should change their jobs if they ca n't deal with being attacked by migrants '' , etc. 
  http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/dec/18/refugees-calais-friends-need-help http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/6860566/fury-after-calais-migrant-charity-chief-says-brit-lorry-drivers-should-change-jobs.html, 
  i 'd trade the bedding industry away in a heartbeat if it meant not being invaded every other century anymore , 
   because there would be none . 
  you mean because there would be none poland , right ? 
  yes , the same in poland . 
  my parents got their flat in gdansk which today is worth a lot for essentially a few hundred dollars . 
  my grandfather got for the same money a lot of land + a house in a rural area . 
  but those times are long time gone . 
  nowadays you have to buy shit for market prices and most people ca n't afford to shell out money for a house/apartment out of pocket . 
  so they need to get bank loans and pay them back over 30 years . 
   with which you have exactly 0 to show or recover after 30 years ... 
  except saved opportunity costs . 
  i 'm in the `` i 'd rather rent than own '' camp myself . 
  now do n't get me wrong - i understand why people want to own . 
  but to me this just means too many unknowns . 
  30 years is a lot of time and many things can happen ... 
   so i guess one could say that america via her actions is a near existential threat to europe . 
  hush back to your communist commune . 
  i know a shit ton of people who are glad about the existence of the usa . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greeks_in_poland  most self-identified greeks in poland today trace their heritage to the large number of greek citizens who fled as refugees from the greek civil war and were admitted into poland . 
  [ 3 ] they consisted largely of former partisan units from the macedonia region of greece . 
   most had been farmers before their flight from greece . 
  [ 4 ] in total , from 1949 to 1951 , 12,300 people from greece came to poland , of whom roughly one-fourth were children  initially , the refugees were celebrated as anti-capitalist heroes and given significant government assistance in building new lives and integrating in poland . 
   because everywhere except strict centers of big cities public transport is a joke . 
  so much this . 
  my grandparents live in a rural area near wejherowo . 
  once i had the glorious idea to visit them and do n't take the car but just use public transport . 
  gdansk < -  wejherowo all great . 
  trains every 20 minutes . 
  but once you get to the rural area around wejherowo there 's only two or three busses a day . 
  sundays you have to call someone in the next bigger village so they can dispatch a `` bus '' ( a van really ) . 
  it 's only maybe 50km from here but it 's like a whole different world there . 
   i could say that if poland had more power you would be some kind of fascist scum-10xrussian moron who would put a claim on the whole world and start expanding do n't play with my feelings :(, 
   after all that the west dares to ask for solidarity . 
  but they gave us freedom of movement so we can work as plumbers in the uk or as field workers in germany . 
  we should be really happy !, 
   v4 countries are greatly benefited by their vicinity with germany if we could only trade places ... gib aegean sea and you get in exchange comfy place between germany and russia . 
  i ask myself how much of those protests is paid for by germany . 
   the worst thing for putin is average russian realizing that russia is n't as stronk as putin told them it was nothing what a small nuke could n't correct though . 
  wow , now we get 8chan as a credible source ? 
  what next ? 
  the rt.com wiki ? 
   why should n't they bailout a company because that 's the wrong thing to do . 
  you take away any risk of doing business . 
  like someone else in this thread said `` capitalize profits - nationalize losses '' . 
   it 's not about national pride , but about systemic banks . 
  which only became `` systemic '' because they were always `` too big to fail '' . 
   welcome to capitalism . 
  ah , ok , you 're a troll . 
  you had me . 
   i guess the discussion is over . 
  shut up and bend over !, 
  you have freedom of movement to freely move to the core and work for minimum wages . 
  that should be enough . 
   if you completely ignore any causes for greece 's demise , then yeah one could make a dumb statement like that .
