  that 's why having mobs rampaging through cities is generally considered bad . 
  no matter what skin color/religion/political beliefe said mobs have . 
  also : football hooligans are the worst scum on this planet . 
   arte the station which is owned 50 % / 50 % by german and french governments to spout their propaganda ? 
  refugee aid is not waging civil war against kurds . 
  yeah !, 
  all those doctors and engineers who are coming in masses to europe will boost our tech level by 3 or so !, 
  so maybe we need a tv station now ? 
  like russia today - only financed by the european commission ? 
  europe today - bringing you the truth !, 
  the germans should do it . 
  their press is obviously free and not as corrupt and oppressed as here in poland !, 
   also in other news : schauble wants a eu wide tax on petrol to `` finance border protection '' . 
  males did it !, 
  smash the patriarchy !, 
   russians for sure would apologize and stop talking shit . 
   apologize  stop talking shit eheheheh, 
  never !, 
  not russian government officials !, 
  everyone but them !, 
  this was just too good to be true . 
  for once germany was at the receiving end of russia 's shittalking foreign minister and his superbly oiled propaganda machinery . 
   i had a blast watching/reading everything related to that story . 
  got a new based government . 
  thanks , ~ ~ obama ~ ~ refugees !, 
  laws seem only to apply to those who ca n't really defend themselves . 
  but as soon as there 's some party that is nontrivial to bully the police and justice system just takes a step back . 
  your neighbor did n't pay his taxes ? 
  well , too bad for him . 
  prison . 
  the mighty multinational corporation did n't pay their taxes ? 
  let 's give them some more tax breaks !, 
  your neighbours daughter used pepper spray to protect herself from a rapist ? 
  punish her !, 
  your neighbor is member of a motor cycle gang and is dealing with guns ? 
  well ... `` it 's complicated we ca n't just go and arrest him '' . 
  now add people who forcefully cross borders by thousands to that . 
  being a law abiding citizen you 're the fucked one because the police are afraid of everyone who could put up resistance so they look for the weaker ones to fuck over . 
  so he saved a few pounds - but wasted half a day of time . 
  sure , if you 're on social benefits and have way more time than money : go for it . 
  for everyone else it 's just not worth sacrificing 6 hours to save a few money units . 
   so unless both countries get a vote in who becomes eu members discussion is warranted yeah , so what about puerto rico ? 
  we did n't have a say about it becoming part of the usa and yet still there 's no visa requirement for the americans , 
  off we go to our rightful orbit around jupiter !, 
   this is a region that has no hope of peace imo . 
  i came to believe that either they help themselves or no one will be able to . 
  you ca n't force peace and stability on people who 'd rather dabble in tribal conflicts than to build up their countries . 
   i was very pro-eu right up until i saw greece taken out back and shot in the head to deter the southern periphery from getting ideas about defaulting . 
  yeah , how the greece crisis was `` handled '' by our german overlords let me re-think my stance on the eu . 
   vaccinations for it are mandatory since 1975 . 
  the only good thing the fucking commies did : forced people to get their children vaccinated . 
  yes , for ebola . 
  but you never know with what awesome shit nature comes up next when you have such great breeding grounds for diseases as refugee camps where a shitton of people from different parts of the world live in highly confined spaces . 
  i remember back when the whole ukraine mess started there was a german guy over in / r/russia who proudly proclaimed that he converted all his savings into roubles . 
  because the west was done . 
  i wonder how he 's doing now , 
  bankers ? 
   people seem to think that american patriotism/hyper-nationalism is weird heh , those people have never been to poland i guess , 
  lol . 
  law can sometimes be strange . 
  also is the movie worth a watch ? 
  please explain . 
  no , it 's trespassing or whatever the local non-maritime law defines . 
  piracy is only defined in maritime law . 
   and here i thought our agriculture minister is backwards for believing gmo crops are an abomination . 
  you just triggered half of german users :3, 
  only in international waters . 
   as germany and other states criticise frontier countries such as greece and italy for failing to register and shelter the 1.1 m people holy fuck . 
  i remember 3 or 4 years ago . 
  every few weeks there was some warning coming from italy , spain or greece that there 's a immigration crisis brewing and that they need help . 
  no one acted . 
  later they even imposed `` austerity '' on those countries . 
  totally dismantling any public service . 
  ( i remember those shocking reports of the state of health care in greece ) . 
  and now germany is blaming them for not being able to house 1.1 m people while germany , one of the richest countries on earth , itself is totally overwhelmed with housing 1m of refugees ? 
  but it prevents germany and france from totally taking over the show . 
  it 's saying that all top eu bureaucrats are either directly germans or very german-friendly . 
  worse : those who were denied asylum are n't deported . 
  they are living as illegals in germany and no one cares to send them back . 
   the federal agency for migration published a forecast of 800,000 asylum seekers till the end of the year , a good week before merkel `` invited everyone '' . 
  says who ? 
  the free german press which you can totally trust to report everything correctly ? 
  ah you germans . 
  your `` le evil usa are to blame for everything '' memes are getting really boring . 
   everyone with a right to asylum i have the ugly hunch that those people actually are sitting in turkish camps waiting for their asylum applications to be processed . 
  obama will need a new job soon . 
  maybe we should hire him ? 
   is the eu leadership on drugs or something ? 
  just incompetent . 
  as long as everything works fine no one notices if politicians are incompetent or not . 
  shit gets done because there are standard procedures which have been worked out by bureaucrats . 
  and the fact that your leading politicians are just drooling idiots wo n't disturb those procedures . 
  but if there 's a crisis and there needs to be action taken that is not defined by a standard protocol you need competent people at the helm . 
  people who can act decisively and make unorthodox decisions . 
  just take a look at your mep . 
  what 's his story before he went into politics ? 
  politicians are average people . 
  they are not superintelligent ubermenschen . 
  they are just good at playing political games . 
  and as average people most of them probably have no fucking idea what they are doing .
