  funny , and i thought the germans would have a functional `` rechtsstaat '' with separation of powers and merkel/the government could n't tell a prosecutor to drop or continue a case . 
  i guess just 3rd world poland things \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  but probably reason enough for some politician dumbshit to cry for `` moar internet surveillance '' . 
   collapse of house prices hmm ... 
   i do n't understand why immigrants have to suffer o m g shitlord . 
  never heard of how xenophobic the swedish society is ?!, 
  they pay only 50 % taxes where they could pay up to literally 100 % to make the immigrants comfortable !, 
  but they do n't because their privilege !, 
  but it 's getting worse every year . 
  just compare sweden now vs sweden 10 years ago . 
  only because sweden is not a madmax caliphate now does n't mean everything is perfect . 
   they were labelled xenophobic backwards thinking racists well before the current crisis , there 's nothing new about that either . 
  so what 's all the fuzz about ? 
  it 's obviously our nature so leave us alone in our xenophobic shitholes and enjoy the superiority you gain through multi culturalism . 
  everyone would be happy that way . 
  `` majority of people on this sub does n't share my opinion . 
  i 'll just call it trash material to feel better . '', 
  no one wants western europe to collapse . 
  just do n't force us into your stupid guilt-tripping games , 
  do you remember what we did when there was war in europe ? 
  most of us did n't flee . 
  we fought it out . 
  in the short term we 're probably better off . 
  but in the long term we will have to deal with the consequences of cheaply selling our manpower and not building anything for ourselves . 
  we get loans to buy nice things . 
  great . 
  but what happens once we 're not the low wage economy anymore ? 
  if western corporations leave we 're at the same dysfunctional level as we were after the fall of communism . 
  ( maybe not as bad but still our domestic industry will be in pretty bad shape ) . 
  yes . 
  there we agree . 
  the economy would have been growing slower but at least we would have built substance that way . 
  currently we 're just the `` low wage factory '' for western europe . 
  the value we generate does n't stay in the country . 
  it goes all back to western europe . 
  what is it good for our economy if volkswagen is turning a nice profit through their factory here ? 
  yes , we have temporarily jobs but that 's pretty much it . 
  some day vw will leaven and what will we have to show for it then ? 
  a bunch of people who worked at vw and empty factory buildings . 
  but no new businesses , no new technology . 
  i 'd like to see a slower yet healthier growth . 
  we were n't rich . 
  but we sure were n't as poor as many posters here want us to believe . 
  you must really hate yourself . 
  by your logic polish economy should n't have grown at all between 1990 and 2004 . 
   and that we are actually semi-colonies of the exploitative western nations who just needed new markets that suck up their products . 
  oh yeah , i 'm sure this is ** completely ** ridiculous conspiracy thinking ... 
  nah , the idea of the eu is to rob eastern markets clean in exchange for a little allowance for the poor fucks who are getting robbed . 
   i do n't know , it 's like some people do n't remember poland before we entered the eu yeah , sorry , in 2003 i was too busy looking for food at the dumpster ... before eu we were literally like congo only worse because our weather was not as good . 
   so we are being robbed by the eu by getting loads of money . 
  and handing our domestic market over to foreign corporations . 
  we 're kinda like russia - only worse . 
  russia sells out their resources . 
  we sell out our economic future and condemn us to being the factory bench of western europe for ever . 
  want to start a business ? 
  too bad the western competition has cornered every inch of the market and can pressure you out by sake of having vastly more resources . 
  but hey - there 's always low paid work in a western-owned factory !, 
  and at the end of the month you can carry your salary to tesco , lidl or metro and send off your money to berlin or london . 
  but yes , thanks for the 17 billions !, 
  we get a few shiny roads ( that are already crumbling ) and playgrounds and that for the low price of our economic future . 
  what a great deal !, 
  gim me all your money !, 
  a drop in the ocean of state incited genocides . 
  just look at what stalin 's state did to its own people . 
  also the east india company was very entangled with the state . 
  it was n't a purely private enterprise as back then in the times of mercantilism no such things existed at a large scale . 
   have you considered that the welfare state is n't the actual problem and simply being richer is enough ? 
   but that would imply the people would be coming to europe for work . 
  which goes against all recently released unemployment statistics . 
  if the person you insult presses charges then yes . 
  ( insulting is one of those crimes that get only persecuted when the victim presses charges ) . 
  also you wo n't get arrested for a simple `` asshole '' . 
  there most likely will be a court hearing and you 'll get a fine . 
  learning from history , mate . 
  well , fine , let 's not take the $ 5 then . 
  poland somehow existed before 2004 . 
  i 'm sure we do fine without structural $ 5 . 
   you can say whatever the fuck you want until you start attacking someone personally . 
  you ca n't call someone asshole ... which is pretty retarded . 
  bumblebees are pretty cool . 
  did you know that they will raise one of their middle legs and point at you before they sting you ? 
  ( that 's their warning ) . 
  i do n't think putin gave the order to harass that ship . 
  it 's more like banter between soldiers . 
  iirc the planes were even unarmed . 
  waiting and hoping that they 're out of office and have their pensions secure before the shit hits the fan on a massive scale . 
   remove the pull factors . 
  you ca n't . 
  because people are so in love with the welfare state that they wo n't give up on it no matter what . 
  and as long as there 's a welfare state the pull factor is huge . 
  he 's the african jesus , man !, 
  did n't the germans start building back their refugee centers because `` somehow the numbers of refugees are falling and the crisis seems over thank you merkel '' ? 
  \\* sing \\* it 's springtime for germany ... \\* sing *, 
  those guys sound like heroes . 
  taxation = theft . 
  ( actually robbery because the state will turn violent on you if you do n't pay ) . 
   it kind of makes me sad how ready people are to trust the major corporations , given that many of them are literally destroying the planet 's ability to sustain human civilization . 
  learning from history , mate . 
  states are the main perpetrators of human deaths during history . 
  corporations on the other hand just want to make money .
