   the only people , who could have their freedom affected by this would be the people making that irresponsible decision by definition . 
  no , because now i ca n't wake up one morning and say `` man , i think i should smoke a menthol cigarette today '' . 
  that 's just not possible anymore . 
  even if i 'm not a smoker and i just want to see how menthol cigs taste : nope . 
   second hand smokers it 's not about banning smoking in public spaces . 
  it 's banning of menthol cigs alltogether . 
  you ca n't even smoke them anymore in your private room . 
   health services as long as i am forced to take part in those public health services and have no option to opt out this is not a valid argument . 
  you ca n't coerce me into a club membership and then forbidding me things based on `` your behavior makes running the club more expensive - but you ca n't cancel your membership - so stop smoking '' . 
   your argument is a copy + paste from some other discussion and does n't make sense here . 
  you not understanding my argument is not an argument against my argument . 
  no , it 's not a bad argument . 
  it 's the ultimate argument : by forcing me to do something you are acting immorally and can not morally justify anything that follows from this coercion . 
  you can not morally justify taking away personal freedoms with circumstances that stemmed from your coercive actions . 
  simple as that . 
  if you 're giving away 50 euros to every passerby and i do n't want those 50 euros you can not force me to take the money . 
  you may think `` but man , him having 50 euros is good for him '' but once you start forcing me taking those 50 euros you have lost all moral ground . 
  even if those 50 euros might be good for me . 
  if i do n't want them i do n't want them and you have no business in telling me what i should want or not . 
   american media is too strong . 
  american media is only so strong because they know what they 're doing and they produce stuff people want to see . 
  so how about our media starts doing the same and stops relying on corrupt government officials bailing them out with tax money ? 
   abolish the government i second this notion . 
   european companies you mean public broadcasters . 
  i 'm sure there is enough good music . 
  but not everyone has the same music taste and not all good bands are successful enough to be playing in the radio . 
  so what you get is some averaged out pop trash which wo n't offend anyone but also wo n't make anyone really happy . 
  if the average viewer wanted 20 % european content there would be already 20 % european content in netflix or other streaming services . 
  how about the ec keeps out of free business ? 
  do n't they have public broadcasters to regulate and geoblock ? 
  well , he saved them a bus . 
  so of course he should get an award . 
  but explosions in confined spaces does . 
  heh , there 's something to this , 
  our football fans are animals . 
  they recently beat up a father with his 12 year old sons because they were wearing jerseys of the `` enemy '' football team . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  membership in public health care is mandatory . 
  so you ca n't use it to justify controlling my behavior . 
  it 's akin to : you start a club and tell me that i 'm a member . 
  i never asked to become a member , nor can i cancel my membership . 
  i 'm just forced to be a member of your club . 
  now some time later you come to me and tell me i 'm banned from eating apples because me eating apples makes running the club more expensive . 
  i say : `` fine , then i just cancel my membership '' . 
  your answer : `` no , just do n't eat apples anymore '' . 
  if you force me into a public health care system and do n't give me a way to opt out you simply can not use my health care membership to justify any regulations . 
  doing so would be immoral . 
  so give me a real argument for banning cigarettes . 
  one that is not based on coercing me into memberships i never signet up for . 
  ( hint : there is none ) . 
  you found one specific ( admittedly retarded ) thing . 
    it 's just that the regulations we have are sometimes based on logic and not metaphysical mumbo jumbo . 
  logic like : `` we know better than you how you should live your own life '' . 
  you supporting this authoritarian mumbo jumbo just `` because the government says it 's based on logic '' says enough . 
  there is 0 reason to ban any cigarettes for adults . 
  everyone of them knows best how he wants to live his life . 
  and if he chooses to inhale tons of tar and smoke that 's his personal thing . 
  no one , no matter how enlightened they think they are , has the right to interfere there . 
  so polish people supporting dumb medieval regulations about abortion does not mean that westerners or balkaners should feel free to go full retard on regulations themselves . 
  but westerners love regulations because everyone of them feels intellectually superior to their peer and knows exactly how his neighbor should live his life . 
  where did i say that our government is any better ? 
  not an argument . 
   why is this sub so authoritarian ? 
  western europe . 
  they love them their regulations and shit . 
   drain on public health is where the damage is . 
  nah , smokers die earlier . 
  they 're actually a relief for the public health and retirement systems . 
  just like obese people . 
  we should thank them , 
  eu to the rescue !, 
  we need a directive that bans porches !, 
  sorry , could n't hear you over my neighbor 's coughing caused by coal power plants  if people worry about clean air then cigarette smoke is the last thing they should worry about . 
  how about we close down our coal power plants and start building nuclear plants ? 
  would do far more for clean air than banning smoking on the whole planet . 
   well i could . 
  uh uh , you 're going to get downvoted for that . 
  you ca n't burst people 's `` but i 'm not to blame for my actions '' - bubble on reddit . 
  they will hate you . 
  it 's the same with obese people if you tell them `` just eat less '' . 
  they will lynch you because `` muh genetics/metabolism '' . 
  especially on / r/europe ... because our continent seems to hate personal responsibility . 
  we all are just victims and ca n't change our lives because of `` external forces and powers '' that make it impossible for us . 
  so where are my big mac and cig pls ? 
  ( yes , i know enough people who quit smoking just through willpower . 
  i 'm not buying into that `` more addictive than heroin '' bullshit ) . 
  oh great , another regulation . 
  that 's exactly what we needed !, 
  let 's assume your `` addiction reduces freedom '' is valid : so to protect the freedom of some you 're willing to take away freedoms from everyone ? 
  so in the end everyone is worse off and not just a few individuals who made irresponsible decisions ? 
  afaik it 's the same in many countries . 
  in germany for example they can confiscate your passport if you have unpaid tax debts . 
  i guess my loving state has similar provisions in place . 
  well , that 's what the socialists wanted , is n't it ? 
  that everyone is equally wealthy ... which means we in europe all get poorer . 
  `` if you run into an asshole in the morning , you ran into an asshole . 
  if you run into assholes all day , you 're the asshole . '', 
  ah , guardian ... totally unbiased i see . 
  no : not the whole forest is going to be logged . 
  only areas that are affected by a bark beetle plague ... to save the unaffected areas .
