  maybe verona is known amongst kebab connoisseurs for their delicious kebab and people do n't care about a bunch of piss old buildings ? 
  if you actually like burgers you should hate mcdonalds , 
  so they ban the only good thing the middle east ever brought to us ? 
   to cooperate you mean doing the dirty work that would follow from merkel 's feel good announcements ? 
  `` everyone is welcome '' - `` now neighbors , take in all the people i invited ! '' . 
  that fired back on her and now she 's too stubborn to change course . 
  well , merkel was in gdr politics before the fall of the berlin wall . 
  maybe it 's the sed 's / stasi 's late revenge on the class enemy ? 
   turkey claims 25 lives : o, 
  sounds like they are trying to get those male somali votes , 
  what have the germans to hide ? 
  are they building rocket ships ? 
  if so why wo n't they do so underground ? 
   most of those remote parts of the world were civilized long before europeans started to cook their meat you heard it here first , 
  maybe trunp will produce his muslin birth certificate ? 
  well , obana never produced his birth certificate . 
  he probably is muslin . 
  i 'm a pole living in poland and i find it great . 
  remove commies . 
  a witch hunt against commies is a righteous one . 
  you never know what backroom-deals obama makes with putin . 
  well , washington is currently under the obama administration . 
  it 's like merkel or some other leftist telling poland that they are evil nazis . 
  not really to be taken seriously . 
   atrocities bringing civilization to remote parts of the world and increasing average life expectancy of indigenous people by 200 % literally over night are n't atrocities in my book . 
  yeehaw , motherfucker, 
   so it may not actually be genuine russian . 
  probably not . 
  i mean i do n't speak a word russian but i can hear out when some 3rd generation us-american with russian heritage is speaking `` russian '' in a hollywood movie . 
   but then again i 'm pretty deaf to subtle english accents . 
  like when people start `` oh that guy sounds asian '' and i 'm all `` wtf ?!, 
  that was pretty perfect american english . 
  how can they hear that out ? '', 
  yeah , sometimes when abroad when i overhear some portuguese my `` lol someone 's speaking polish '' - senses start tingling . 
   russian yeah , it sounds pretty brutal . 
  as an european i would be fucking annoyed to wait on every fuckborder for 30 minutes because of id checks . 
  crossing benelux would be a nightmare . 
  we have ( or should have ) external border checks to keep out terrorists and criminal scum . 
  in schengen the countries have the right to perform customs spot test . 
  i believe up to 50km from the border . 
  germany does this with polish cars pretty often when they pull you over and fuck up your evening by searching for contraband cigarettes . 
  i only have to show my id card when i check in with the airline to get my boarding pass ( though not always - sometimes they just want to see the confirmation printout thingy ) . 
  after that there 's no id/passport checks . 
  only normal security stuff like going through the metal detector , shoe check , etc. 
  lol , what kind of corruption made this possible ? 
  there 's a dozen of zoning rules being violated . 
  sound still pretty dumbed down tbh . 
   night manager cool , dr. house is in it !, 
  yet another episode of `` technologically challenged retards making technology-related policy '' . 
  wake me up when those old fucks die off and we get some people in power who know how to spell `` ordinateur '' . 
  the german media is quick when it comes to blaming others . 
  but they never find any faults with themselves . 
  so it was a `` major incident '' and nothing got contaminated ? 
  what are you afraid from then ? 
  we need more coal burning power plants . 
  fucking bejing shall not beat us !, 
  beloved leader gib puppy !, 
  how about russia today ? 
  ehehhehe ( just a joke . 
  do n't read that shit ), 
   it is conquering , not reconquering . 
  and they made a great effort to re-conquer those regions . 
  uh but do n't tell them directly . 
  because they think there 's no corruption anywhere near germany , 
  what does the is need 20,000 uniforms for in europe ? 
  are they planing some big campaign ? 
  siege of a city ? 
  coordinated mass slaughter attacks ? 
  i hope our security agencies have more insight on that . 
  but i fear they 're still trying to decode the clear text sms of the paris attackers ... 
   european 's go back to their roots ( christianity ) i do n't know . 
  in time of crisis our roots were almost certainly ever slaughter and genocide ... 
  europe was able to repel all of those invasions though . 
  and the highest form of cultural exchange we got was something akin to finding a shitton of coffee after the siege of vienna and starting coffee house culture . 
  the difference is that now we 're weak and do n't want to defend ourselves . 
  [ deleted ], 
  does duolingo offer russian lessons , future comrade ? 
   hard facts . 
  now as an exercise find out how much money poland exactly receives and compare it to the gdp/tax revenue . 
  and then get off your high horse , shoot it and make sauerbraten out of it . 
  finally !, 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12103359/german-finance-minister-proposes-eu-wide-petrol-tax-to-pay-for-refugee-costs.html / edit : lol , downvoting hard facts . 
  the german butthurt is real . 
  tears of joy ? 
  free reign for germany and france ... why would that make dr. `` we need moar taxes on everything '' schauble sad ? 
  stop being literally hitler !, 
  it 's the muslim culture to dictate what other people may or may not eat . 
  we should respect that . 
  i do n't think he will ( he lost to hillary ) . 
  but the alternatives are n't that great either . 
  here 's to 8 fucked up years . 
  why is it unacceptable ? 
  must murrica be always # 1 ? 
  fun times when i once mentioned in a comment section that the usa is my 2nd favorite country just after poland ( i made clear i 'm from poland ) . 
  that shitstorm . 
  just glorious . 
  says the guy posting in pc `` master race '' ... 
  if you go through the trouble of planting your own stuff you can smoke later i know a better crop to plant . 
   hell , you could even sell off your harvest and buy a truck load of cigarets for it . 
  far more efficient than dicking around with tobacco plants ,
