  nah , the uk is pretty ok . 
  i wish they would stay in the eu as a counter weight to france/germany . 
  i mean i would n't want to live in the uk but i like them as fellow union buddies . 
   the entire purpose of gfycat . 
  to parasitically generate revenues with other people 's content ? 
  gyfcat usually loads far slower for me than normal gifs . 
  i wish this shit would stop . 
  i propose we adapt the mormon way ... 
  this definitely will stop crime !, 
  why should anyone on welfare think about moving ? 
  moving is fucking expensive . 
  some guy from austria i believe . 
   we ca n't stop people coming here telling us they have kids in some foreign country who 've never stepped foot here yeah , i did n't believe it when i heard that at first . 
  there are lowlives who leave their kids here behind , go to the uk and get money for those kids . 
  that 's just low . 
   european nationals who move to germany can not expect to receive social welfare for the first three months of their stay in germany i mean holy fuck really ? 
  you move to a different country and want to live off social welfare from day one ? 
  you do n't even have enough money to survive for 3 months ? 
  some fucking people are just parasitic assholes . 
  we need a eu wide regulation about this and not just occasional court rulings . 
  i 'm sure it 's just a coincidence ... 
   / s do n't ever forget to add that or you could end up in a secret polish cia prison . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rostock-lichtenhagen_riots also interesting : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solingen_arson_attack_of_1993  as of 2008 a total of 135 foreigners have died in germany as a result of similar xenophobic violence . 
  not refugee crises . 
  but there were enough pressing matters the establishment could n't or would n't take care of . 
  so the far right populists did and we got us a nice world war . 
  but say that and you lose your job  there 's enough cases of people being fired for posting anti immigration opinions on facebook . 
  of course you 're saying that because saying otherwise would imply there 's some groupthink going on in western europe . 
  and we ca n't have that !, 
  compared to the early 90s germans are rather restrained this time . 
  only empty buildings burning and the occasional pig on a building site . 
  compare that to rostock or so where buildings with people in them were set on fire by angry mobs and police/fire fighters only showed up hours later . 
  germans become more civilized . 
  that 's good . 
   meanwhile governments monitor our every single step . 
  but only our steps . 
  because they somehow did n't monitor the paris attacker 's unencrypted sms even though the attackers were on a watch list ... is everything in europe a fucking farce and the honest citizen is the one getting screwed over ? 
  why bring tanks at all ? 
  let 's have some old school jousting !, 
  yes , but it 's good to keep the enemy in the dark about one 's real capabilities . 
  something something sun-tsu . 
  europe : modern warfare - horses vs brooms, 
  i invite the author to visit poland and to get sick here  but really , learn the ins and outs of your new home country when you decide to live there . 
  when i have some minor illness i do n't bother going to the public doctor either . 
  i just shell out 100pln and see a private practitioner . 
  much shorter waiting times and if it 's something serious i still can go the public route . 
  dude did n't do his homework . 
   he also might have been flagged by working with some in pakistan that was suspected to have connections with terror groups . 
  so we prevent academics from entering because they `` might be suspected of connections with terror groups '' but we let in thousands of people from isis dominated regions without performing any background checks ? 
   why is it that you allow high-risk refugees run abound , but put restrictions on low-risk phds ? 
   because the phd was stupid enough to play by the rules . 
  if the immigration crisis showed one thing then that dickishness wins . 
  just act like an asshole , do n't care for local laws and you will be fine . 
  want to go the proper official way ? 
  nelson_haha . jpg, 
  or in 10 years you could learn both english and chinese ? 
  quick : remind them how state controlled and unfree the press in poland is !, 
  dat nordic forests . 
  not before she gets her nobel prize . 
  til i do n't pay taxes . 
  what a happy day !, 
   otherwise i could take out a card in multiple countries across the eu and run up separate debts . 
  which is what you actually can do . 
  there 's almost 0 cooperation between european rating agencies for private citizens . 
  you do n't `` need '' to pay any bills . 
  but a ) it would be the morally right thing to do and b ) if you ever want to go back you should pay them . 
  do n't burn bridges behind you . 
  is n't he some full retard communist ? 
  what else can you do but laugh at him ? 
  also i like how cozy/personal the uk parliament is . 
   corporations are corporations , they are private entities , it does n't matter whether they 're `` foreign '' or not , so long as they 're not actively tax evading . 
  well , they siphon their profits out of poland and tax everything at their headquarters in germany , france or the uk . 
  but i 'm sure that 's not tax evasion for you because you profit from it   you would n't have gotten a higher wage if the factory were polish-owned either if we maybe had other types of businesses here than just factories for western corporations then maybe not that many people needed to work in factories but could actually make use of their qualifications ? 
   wages are what they are because of the market . 
  ah , now i understand . 
  the hard work a german factory worker in germany does is inherently worth more because `` of the market '' ? 
  and poor me thought it had to do with artificially keeping eastern european economies at low levels . 
  i fear the new empire would be called the european caliphate , 
   czexiters the correct term is `` czechout '' . 
  there 's no such thing as free money . 
  yes , you get structural funds payments but at the same time you have essentially outsourced your domestic markets to foreign corporations . 
  your domestic economy will never catch up that way because large foreign corporations have inherent advantages over not so large domestic competitors . 
  so yes , you get `` free '' roads but in exchange for that your people will never get over the status of low wage factory workers . 
  our tax euros at work ... 
  so i guess the washington post is also lobbying for letting mexican migrants into the usa ? 
  hey , it 's 140 characters of wisdom . 
  if you ca n't compress what you want to say into a sms you 're just a bad poet . 
  uh oh , german interests are endangered . 
  we ca n't have that in the eu !, 
  china and turkey soon in ~ ~ v4 ~ ~ v6 . 
   but in a way , it would be fascinating to see i know that feel man . 
  that 's why i want a thermonuclear war to happen a little :(, 
   there 's nothing to ` leak ' from russia because they are so transparent and have nothing to hide . 
  or that there 's so much leak-worthy shit that you could fill another 10 wikileaks with it , 
  yeah , would be a staple of my party playlist , 
  those `` benefits '' essentially are glass beads we get for whoring out our market and economy . 
  destroying any long term prospects for polish corporations to rise up and making us anything but a 3rd world low wage work camp . 
  the eu has essentially become a wealth generation scheme for germany . 
  it was maybe founded on some ideal but currently it 's all about robbing europe for the sake of german profits . 
  now excuse me , need to fill those 160 hours somehow ...
