  but you ca n't define a dictatorship that way . 
  because the nazis had laws for everything they did and they followed those laws . 
  you need far more for a dictatorship than `` government and judges get into a bitch fight '' . 
  as long as there 's still personal freedoms and the normal judicative works for the citizens as it is expected to i 'm not going to call poland a dictatorship . 
  even your `` what 's not ultra left is literally hitler '' point of view wo n't change that . 
  so they got carte blanche to choose where in the world they want to live ? 
  man , that refugee thing sounds better every day . 
  and that 's why the refugee convention needs to be reworked . 
  it was written in a time where there were no extensive welfare states and people did n't move from country to country to mooch off social systems . 
  it was written with the case of `` what happens if germany and france go to war again '' in mind . 
  not `` what happens if merkel says ` welcome ' and half north africa decides it 's better to live off social welfare in germany than to work in africa '' . 
  oh , yeah , that position that allowed po-lead poland to stay involved in the ukraine process ? 
  or the one where the germans listened to our concerns regarding nordstream . 
  ah maybe it 's the one with the anti-missile shield ? 
  or the one where we get visa-free entry to the us because we joined every us led punitive expedition into the middle east ? 
  hate to be that guy but poland 's international position has been shit since the golden liberty . 
  government does n't need to show me bugbears in this case . 
  it always was a propaganda tube . 
  only difference is that you did n't notice it that much because the news fit into your personal narrative . 
  threats are a great way to achieve something . 
  oh wait ... they 're not . 
  someone please tell that to germany 's diplomat corps . 
  if you fail they call you `` virgin '' in the paradise :3, 
  most wo n't really care because they 're not from syria . 
  guys , i do n't speak arabic . 
  can you discuss in english please ? 
  so they cross through the balkans because they are of course unsafe . 
  then enter austria and leave it because it 's still unsafe . 
  some of them stay in germany but many find it not safe enough either and go to denmark , norway , sweden and finland . 
  and because even that is not safe enough a few decide to go back to iraq ... 
  very interesting refugee movements we have here . 
  the current concept of refugee stems from the past wwii years when the refugee convention was brought to life . 
  it 's not really applicable to the people who are coming to europe now as they mostly want to immigrate permanently . 
  axis denied !, 
  as long as it spares us from taking in isis terrorists i do n't really care about how russia-like we 're being perceived by gender fluid liberal westerners . 
   is not what it used to be . 
  why ? 
  it 's still pro government . 
  only the government has changed :3, 
   and finding pis dangerously incompetent and that 's why i 'm pretty certain that they wo n't cause too much damage . 
  spoken like a true ant . 
  it 's amazing how people from ant-like societies simply ca n't understand the free market . 
  the answer is always some regulation or law patronizing citizens because people are obviously too dumb to choose for themselves , 
   otherwise the organisation may as well not exist . 
  that 's the point . 
  western leaders might choose to sacrifice nato and not to intervene in a conflict in the baltics because `` who wants to go to war for talinn '' ? 
  because that 's what nato is about - slavic dominance rituals . 
    the chances of this are extremely low . 
  some ukrainian guy 2012 . 
   paranoia does wonders . 
  gee , thanks for the remote analysis , dr. freud . 
  did the kremlin pay for your education ? 
  i mean it 's funny that the only topic you comment on reddit is when it 's about russia and nato , 
  said he sitting in his comfy chair in berlin hundreds of miles from any possible border issue , 
   and yet most europe has almost no ability to send help to the east \\ + they block any efforts of establishing nato bases in the east ( possibly not to anger russia ), 
   nato is obliged to defend all allies . 
  in case of an out right attack . 
  but if you have `` ethnic russians in estonia demanding independence '' it 's not an attack . 
  it 's an estonian inner issue . 
  russia would deny any involvement but warn western powers not to intervene as they will protect the russians in estonia in that case . 
  means the ball is in the court of western politicians who have now to decide if they treat is as an inner-estionan issue or risk starting war with russia over `` those few separatists '' . 
  the dangerous scenario is not that putin will attack nato head on with tanks n shit . 
  it 's rather that `` green men '' scenario in the baltics . 
  plausible deniability + `` if you intervene we will have to protect our minorities '' . 
  suddenly western politicians will have to decide if they want war or would rather accept some split off `` republics '' in east estonia . 
  and i can imagine how they would decide ... 
   they seem to be traditional cleptocrats that simply use nationalism as a tool to control others . 
   let 's hope you 're right . 
  and let 's hope putin elects a competent kleptocrat as his successor . 
  that actually would be a feasible deterrent . 
  putin could speculate that `` no one would launch nukes for estonia or even poland '' . 
  but once you give those countries nukes the deterrent becomes real . 
  i 'm very confident that poland would launch all its nukes the moment a russian division would cross the border . 
   it is kinda strange that russia is provoked when people are nice to them . 
  not provoked . 
  but from dealing with russians i learned that they regard you as weak when you are nice to them . 
  you have to be borderline rude for them to respect you . 
  it 's fucking annoying as i 'm usually a rather nice person and hate being rude - but with russians you have to be or they will just ignore anything you say . 
   what people need to read . 
  maybe let everyone decide for themselves what they need to read ? 
   state aid - without political ties that exists :3  regardless , people want shit , people eat shit up like flies . 
  it 's their choice . 
  if you want to tell people what to want join the communist party . 
  the press is free to write what they want . 
  but if they are producing shit no one wants to pay them for they should n't be surprised when their business ventures fail . 
  i do n't know man . 
  if i were them i would have looked for a different job/business long time ago . 
   someone 's got ta pay for that . 
  no one `` got ta '' pay for that . 
  the publishers of the newspapers just think people might pay for that if they find it interesting enough . 
  so they paid the journalists to do the work and now hope they will recoup their investment + make a profit . 
  it 's really business 101 . 
  yes . 
  and that 's why that eu directive is bullshit . 
  let the customers and businesses sort it our for themselves . 
  but it 's the eu so they will do it nonetheless . 
   quality journalism where ? 
  yes . 
  imagine your sink is clogged up and you call a plumber . 
  the plumber says : `` well , plumbing is hard .
