  implying bernie is not a maniac too . 
  if i was us citizen i 'd be on the shooting range all day long and would n't care for the federal government . 
  well , if trump gets elected i guess we all better start learning russian , comrade . 
  americans have the choice between hiv , cancer and cholera . 
  in the end it 's like slaves having the choice over which master is going to whip them for the next 4 years . 
  and also let 's tax them because just providing an affordable and convinient service to people is not enough !, 
   boohoo no one wants to watch our eurotrash , well we 'll make them !, 
  you just explained european public broadcasters . 
   inb4 `` muh culturally valuable niche tv shows '' ( which usually are only shitty crime dramas and soap operas ), 
  just when our loving government wants to introduce more anti-terror laws ... what a coincidence , 
  uh , an extensive uwe boll library you say ? 
  time to re-subscribe !, 
  like they ended geoblocking for media ? 
  where do i get my uniform ? 
  ( quit way before end because boooring ), 
  o ( u ) i , m8 . 
   you 're dreaming of a society that never existed oo, 
  holy fuck , it 's only temporary pr for the championship . 
  that white kid they always put onto the box will be back . 
   am i the only person to read the article ? 
  why would you waste your time ? 
  it 's a guardian article . 
   yet they ca n't even stand pictures of non-whites born and raised in germany . 
  what about the ex-pole on the chocolate ? 
  please use the aristocratic language , m8 . 
  did n't you get the newsletter ? 
   several have been accused of using legal methods to minimise their tax bills . 
  france never change !, 
  yeah , a media campaign to improve the image . 
  \\ _ that _ will solve all problems !, 
  yes , and those guys nowadays tend to get shit for that . 
  but because they can verbally defend them in a local manner it usually wo n't result in anything further . 
  now if you 're a tourist and do n't command polish enough to kurwa around you might have some problems explaining the dumb mob that you are not an isis terrorist . 
  his grandfather is russian , 
  what ? 
  do n't they have viking beards up there ? 
  in poland : yes . 
  just watch out for football hools and nationalists who could mistake a greek ( or spaniard or italian ) for an arab . 
   european houses would have no problem with tornados , only lose the roof . 
  and replacing the roof would cost as much as re-building an american paper house , 
  if it gets fucked up by a tornado every summer you 're not going to spend much . 
  not an argument as this is not about banning smoking in public places but a total ban of menthol cigarettes . 
  yes . 
   you can buy cigarettes , you can buy menthol , you can make yourself menthol cigarettes . 
  eh ... ok ... / thread, 
  but that 's what they got  i mean ... take a look at venezuela . 
  i 'm sure chavez and his buddies wanted the best but what they got was standard issue socialist economics with the inevitable economic collapse . 
  and they had a shit ton of oil to finance their paradise . 
   it is big news why ? 
  i think you can accept the simple idea that forcing people against their will to do something is morally unjustifiable . 
  and government is the text book example of coercive action . 
  i do n't see why people act surprised when you tell them that governments are immoral . 
   but the idea that government is inherently or rather existentially immoral is n't one most people share . 
  which is funny because they should take a look at murder statistics from the 20th century . 
  the biggest mass murderers were governments . 
  not only in wars against other governments but also in killing their own citizens . 
   what if i wanted to shoot some people because they wronged me , self defense is morally justified . 
  if someone is doing wrong to you you have the moral right to defend yourself . 
  and you do n't have any obligation to choose the least harmful way for the attacker to do so . 
   because why should the government decide the appropriate punishment ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why should they ? 
  they do n't have a particularly good track record of deciding sane punishments . 
  try smoking a joint here in poland ... that 's 3 years prison just for a joint . 
  now whom did you wrong by smoking pot ? 
  i ca n't see a victim - yet the government believes it is justifiable to lock you up for 3 years of your life for that . 
  or how about that until 1994 you could go to prison for being homosexual in germany ? 
  whom did those people wrong ? 
   see we are not discussing political philosophy anymore , this is just a regression to tribalism with a fancy paintjob . 
  implying nations are not just big tribes and governments are not their chieftains ( whom keep themselves in power by force ) . 
   then you can go to somalia where menthol cigarettes are not banned . 
  problem solved my friend . 
  i thought you were better . 
  but : not an argument . 
  also read up on xeer : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/xeer, 
  i really envy the anglos for their mindset regarding individualism . 
  living in continental europe sometimes feels like living in a fucking ant colony . 
   see ? 
  yes i see . 
  but that does n't change anything . 
  government is immoral : big news . 
  but immoral action a does n't make immoral action b any better or justifiable . 
   of course you will say that `` it 's not the same thing ! '', 
  no , i will say it is exactly the same thing . 
  as much as the government forces me into something i despise i acknowledge that it forces you the same into things you hate . 
   you ca n't have a society where everyone does only the things he or she wants 100 % of the time , no exceptions . 
  actually you can . 
  just leave other people alone and when they leave you alone too you have a pretty utopian society . 
  if you want you can live in a hippy commune . 
  and i can run a car shop where i take money for services . 
  and as long as you do n't tell me `` boo , you fucking capitalist , stop doing that '' and as long as i do n't tell you `` boo , fucking hippies , stop doing that '' we 'll all be fine . 
   simply put without goverment intervention higher quality content wo n't be made at all . 
  as if with government intervention any high quality content was made . 
  we just arrived at a point where everything is shit and no one can dare to compete with the publicly funded broadcasters because those broadcasters do n't need to look at what 's profitable , etc. 
  so they can just produce trash , get their tax money and be done . 
  simple : do n't watch tv . 
  vote with your wallet . 
  maybe some smart entrepreneur will find out that there 's a market for people who want to see interesting stuff on tv . 
  oh wait , i forgot : no one can compete with public broadcasters because those do n't have to operate according to free market rules . 
  so we get now publicly funded documentaries and shows with very questionable quality because public broadcasters do n't have competition and just have to do their job halfheartedly .
