  i guess it 's because in polish you can put any word in any order and the sentence will still be perfect by any standards 95 % of the time . 
  this is also the hard thing for me and i often have to stop and think in which order i should put words . 
  sometimes i still get it wrong because i ca n't really make out a difference in my head and i 'm really bad at memorising grammatical rules , 
  how could that idea fail ? 
  yeah , belgium is breddy gud . 
  love their fries !, 
  i noticed there are many roberts on that list . 
  i guess it 's a pretty criminal name . 
  i will be now extra careful whenever i meet a robert . 
  so why does the uk answer the probe and give russia valuable intel ? 
  maybe they should wait 30 minutes and send up a cessna . 
  it was a great occasion to divert state money into private pockets . 
  i mean $ 50 billion for a few stadiums and a bunch of roads ( with super cheap russian work ) ? 
  do n't they use glonass anyway ? 
  how is our galileo doing ? 
  poles always omit `` the '' and `` a/an '' . 
  well , tbh . 
  german is n't _ that _ hard . 
  it should only take a few weeks of learning to be able to read and understand most news paper articles . 
  learn it , ja ? 
   what surprises me most is how comfortable a lot of people here are with slang and colloquialisms . 
  i never feel like i need to dumb down my comments or avoid certain phrases/references . 
  i probably have more in common with people from other countries who also shitpost on the net than with my neighbors . 
  probably fighting in syria for the is ... 
  so at least we 're honest about our reasons . 
  yeah , one could think that whole western europe stands behind merkel and only us primitive eastfuck hillbillies are too xenophobe to embrace mass migration . 
  ( how dare we in face of muh structural funds and muh freedom of movement ?! ), 
  little is mentioned of the fact that germany currently is isolated in their stance . 
  so i guess the twitter crowd conveniently already forgot what happened in cologne ? 
  yep , totally unfounded cover ... burn them at the stake of unconditional islamophilia !, 
  also : til w sieci is a political publication . 
  i always assumed it was some shitty `` internet/computer '' magazine and never touched it , 
  which still is wrong . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_monte_cassino 20k ded germans alone in that one battle . 
  now show me where 20k jews were killed by poles in occupied poland . 
  you got the better end of the deal . 
  are n't you a little proud that so many people want to live in your country though ? 
  i 'm a little hurt that the syrian family we gave a place to live , a job and toys for the kids packed their shit and left over night to live in a german camp :(, 
  the truth is that once the people get their asylum status they are free to move within schengen . 
  you can allocate as much as you want - they will just move to where they want to live . 
  in germany trains and flights do n't have delays . 
  it 's just the passengers who are over-punctual !, 
  fear not . 
  schauble is about to introduce new eu-wide taxes on petrol to finance our new friends ' stay !, 
  prison !, 
  nah , do n't know . 
  i 've been playing mmos since ultima online and i always get somehow into guilds with a sizeable german population . 
  idk maybe only pleb germans play mmos but it 's pretty common for them to be like `` hitler was n't that bad '' ... 
  maybe they mean only 500k syrians and just ignore the ones who are not real refugees ( north africa , iraq , afghanistan , balkans , etc ) ? 
  or they just close their eyes and hope for the best , 
  you know , in summer the refugees probably all go on vacation and stop `` refugeeing '' for a few monhts !, 
  i stalked him : he 's an us-american who is currently studying ee in germany and tries to learn german ( he 's pretty bad at it ) . 
  he also repeatedly asked where to get prescription-grade drugs ( modafinil ) without a prescription in germany/eu and he 's abusing mdma and other drugs . 
  so based on his history of substance abuse and wehrabooism he 's no one you should take seriously , 
   do you think that terrorists going to a concert and shooting is something common to france ? 
  terrorists shooting people in paris happened 3 times last year alone . 
  somehow concerts still work in the us ... maybe people are not as batshit crazy as you make them out to be . 
  ( or maybe you 're just the type who would start shooting in a petty argument ) ? 
  well , gun laws certainly did n't prevent the terrorists from obtaining weapons . 
  so why should the common citizen be left defenselsess then ? 
  the bad guys will have methods to get guns no matter what . 
  it 's only the law abiding citizen who has to suffer from gun regulation . 
  not godlike beloved leader faces ? 
  american eggball only has performances because it 's such a boring sport . 
  so europe should celebrate the annexation of crimea ? 
  is that what you learn from watching rt history ? 
  not only russians . 
  but all east europeans , 
  you already got konigsberg , 
  nope . 
  they 're told from age of 3 on that the us is the evil empire and the russians are the good ones . 
   my country would have never joined a military alliance . 
  and that 's why in the cold war vienna was a prime target for russian ( and possibly us ) nukes . 
  if you 're neutral you just get fucked from both sides . 
  well , regarding that most germans have russian grandfathers i 'm not really surprised . 
   warsaw pact the proper name is `` treaty of friendship , co-operation , and mutual assistance '' also `` pact '' is a propaganda infused translation of the word `` uk\u0142ad '' which properly translated means `` system '' . 
  but hey - pact sounds better . 
  like pact with the devil or molotov ribbentrop pact  ( btw . 
  if we translated the russian '' \u0434\u043e\u0433\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0301\u0440 '' it would mean `` agreement '' ... ), 
  http://dejure.org/gesetze/stgb/90.html up to 5 years for shittalking about the german president ... http://dejure.org/gesetze/stgb/90a.html up to 3 years for shittalking about german state ... 
  but yeah , lolol poland is erdogan level of hitler nazi ... 
  also the reasons for migrating : mexicans mostly want to work . 
  while our new friends from the middle east want to live off welfare because `` that 's what 's rightfully theirs and we kuffars need to work for their wellbeing '' . 
  is that what the german press , which would never lie/keep something under the rug for the sake of the government 's political agenda , is telling you ? 
  it 's the german exceptionalism you know ... 
   state of education in germany you know , everywhere is german lands that is only temporarily managed by people who do n't belong there , 
  evil hungary and macedonia with their african colonies !, 
   '' ahh you want to help kill the evil jew and support the glorious aryan race ? 
   yeah , sorry , but nope . 
  all killings of jews in germany and german occupied territories were `` legal '' . 
  legal as in there was some sort of law that covered the legality of the killing . 
  if a pole ( or german for that matter ) private citizen would go on a rampage and kill jews he would have been charged with murder . 
  this is why the whole holocaust was such a perversion . 
  it was n't sneaky murder . 
  it was legalized and state-sanctioned extermination of people on an industrial scale . 
  and all of it was considered `` legal '' . 
  ( ever wondered why the germans kept so many files/death certificates of their victims ? 
  no , it 's not because germans love keeping files . 
  it 's because that 's what regulations demanded ) . 
  yeah , i 'm sure people in poland are too dumb to start a business if they ca n't learn about the concept in the west ...
