  and people are angry at me when i suggest that taxes are theft , 
  the government wants only your best : your money . 
   they 're not . 
  yup , some studies suggest that they are even worse . 
  but you ca n't go against the e-cig cirlclejerk on reddit the same as you ca n't go against the `` weed is not bad and must be legalized '' sentiment . 
   e-cigs have a huge potential to save a lot of healthcare spending in the long run yeah , except they too do cause cancer . 
  so unless it 's super cancer that lets people die far earlier e-cigs wo n't save that much money . 
  i hope this will turn into a second dresden bombing for vw . 
  the eu/germans will go easy on them because `` lol it 's vw '' . 
  but i hope california will tear them a new one . 
  ze german english must be sehr horrible then , ja ? 
  i really like the dutch-english accent . 
  i read a lot that many natives say it sounds funny but to me it sounds pretty cool . 
  iirc the romans never got east of the rhine . 
  so yeah ... do n't know how accurate that map is , 
  but putin does exist . 
  ca n't have the little man thwart ~ ~ grossdeutsche ~ ~ eu plans , 
  also they wanted to limit free movement of eu citizens into switzerland but keep free movement of swiss citizens into the eu . 
  their direct democracy system is not `` democratic enough '' for the eu and they would need to change that . 
  those activists are just anarchist youths . 
  those are the same people who will go on a rampage during a g8 summit and trash cars and shops because `` le evil capitalism '' - not caring that they 're only harming local citizens and not `` multinational corporate shitlords '' . 
  tl ; dr just dumb kids . 
  afaik before streetview started there there was a panic/craze like now with ttip . 
  many people did n't exactly know what streetview really is and the media did theirs to spread fud . 
  the `` chlorine chicken '' of now was `` burglars will be able to spy on your home '' then . 
  you make it sound like poland was some 3rd world shithole . 
   you could save up a bunch of cash and go back home a rich man . 
  you know , that having 5000 euros to your name is not considered rich in poland ? 
   it 'd be worth taking all your savings and investing them in moving to germany . 
  actually no . 
  if you have significant savings in poland it 's stupid to leave the country and work in some low paid manual labor job in german to earn slightly more . 
  the 1990s are over . 
  you ca n't get `` rich '' in germany anymore . 
  the only ones who move there nowadays are the people who have no savings in poland because they are uneducated manual workers that live in undeveloped regions . 
  they could aswell move to a better developed polish region and make a living there but that `` western paradise '' meme still exists in many heads . 
   goverment job  good work ethic yeah , right, 
  patronizing yourself is really hard though . 
  oh lucky you . 
  lot of that stuff is genetic , 
  says who ? 
  the russian state media ? 
  they are currently not less in `` oh fuck quick put the fire out '' mode than our media here . 
  of course she did hard drugs and was mentally deranged because implying otherwise could destabilize the russian society and leat to race conflicts . 
  yeah , if putin does n't want a race war he better let his propaganda department make something up quickly . 
  i mean shouting `` allah u akbhra '' and `` i 'm a terrorist . 
  i 'm your death '' ... but it 's not islamic terrorism just your average family drama ? 
   do n't you at least deserve enough money in order to have a decent life ? 
  no one `` deserves '' anything . 
  you get what you are able to take . 
  there 's no universe/god/whatever that owes you a `` fair share '' . 
  the sooner you realize this the sooner you stop complaining and start acting . 
   members of the russian diaspora that diaspora should be happy that no one wanted to kill them when they were crossing borders . 
  there 's a special subreddit for that kind of hate . 
  yeah , i do n't see why there 's more force needed . 
  if it 's good enough for g8 rioters then it should do its job with other crowds too . 
  no need to escalate the situation and start using live rounds , etc. 
  nice how they resorted to throwing stones pretty quickly . 
   i 'm curious , how would you characterize them like any other royal family : a bunch of inbred parasites . 
  are there any positive stereotypes about polish ? 
  i mean in one country we steal cars in others we ruin the plumbing industry . 
  ca n't really enjoy that . 
  brb , going to enjoy my shiny toilet while i read about my new bmw . 
  or mayby czech, 
   many immigrants that are now complaining have parents if we start blaming people for shitty decisions their parents made then germany would be in trouble . 
  holy fuck , the world is a slum . 
  also the general mood in the population turns against all immigrants when you have unchecked immigration . 
  as you can see in europe right now . 
  i bet many legal immigrants who were living for years in european countries feel now less safe and welcome than they did before the floodgates were opened . 
  it 's different in that it provides an un-needed service . 
  does the bild 's publisher ( axel springer ) also own a bunch of hungarian newspapers where they agitate against germany ? 
  that 's how they do it over here . 
  bild writes shit about kaczynski and in response some axel springer owned paper in poland shittalks about ze germans . 
  stop disrupting that `` germany is pinnacle of civilization '' circlejerk !, 
  nice try . 
  taxi drivers have a fucking problem with everyone and everything . 
  the last cab i took the fucking driver acted like he was doing me a favor by driving me . 
  ( he even tried to take a tip for himself at the end of the fare until i threatened to call the police . 
  only then he gave me change ) . 
  i hate those fuckers with a passion . 
   nuclear power at least the germans now get to enjoy the same coal-polluted air as we do  is n't there even research that states that coal burning releases more radioactivity than nuclear plants ? 
  http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/coal-ash-is-more-radioactive-than-nuclear-waste/ well done !, 
   the staggering incompetence of it all . 
  welcome to governments run by career politicians . 
  if all you know is how to elbow your way through to getting elected you 're pretty incompetent for everything else . 
  tl ; dr - if you try to help everyone you will help no one . 
  so , i see , dat `` european solidarity '' is only good when it benefits germany ? 
  `` eastern yuorop , why you so selfish ? 
  take the refugees , ja ? '', 
  `` lol fuck you youropoors !, 
  if you cant keep up with our economy then just die lolol #poorpeopleannoyme '', 
   ` non-citizens ' are actual human beings  or why should i listen to non-europeans cognitive dissonance triggered in the middle of a sentence ? 
  nice !, 
  where is your head scarf ?!, 
  why are you so haram !, 
  did n't he do that already to get his balanced budget ? 
  i mean it 's funny how the germans ca n't be arsed to invest into their own education , healthcare and infrastructure because `` muh balanced budget '' but they gladly will spend that money to invite half north africa over . 
  dat atomic bear is great . 
  i suppose many of those coats of arms were designed recently ? 
   god this sub hates the uk . 
  it 's honestly fascinating !,
