  and disgusting . 
  i need to deal with other people 's sewage . 
  so unclogging your sink will be 1000 euros '' . 
  now you as the customer do n't really care that plumbing is hard and disgusting . 
  so you say `` stop , let me call another plumber and check their prices '' . 
  and when the other plumber says he will do it for 100 euros and not 1000 you could n't care less about how bad the first plumber has it . 
  you hire the cheaper one . 
  now imagine all those 1000 euro plumbers got together and demanded regulations that banned plumbing services offered below 1000 euros ? 
  it 's the same with online press : they complain all day that reprinting news agency reports and press releases is hard and unprofitable and that people do n't care for how bad online journalists have it nowadays . 
  guess what : your customers do n't care about how shitty your life is . 
  all they want is value out of your product . 
  and if your product 's only value is some rehashed ap release with 3 banners over it then tough luck . 
   but it 's entitlement to force the content creators to work without using ads . 
  but the only one forcing them is they themselves . 
  i mean their business model is not viably anymore . 
  why do they still continue ? 
   the entitlement in this thread the `` entitlement '' as you say could be re-phrased as `` market demand '' . 
  the demand for paid press content is obviously very low . 
  not because people are freetards - but because they do n't see any value in it . 
  at least not enough value that they would pay for it - or look at ads . 
  this . 
  i stopped reading a few publications who went all adblock-forbidden-retard . 
  now they even do n't get the page impressions from me ( which are an important outreach metric if you want to get advertisers buying pay per impression ads ) . 
  the free market would solve the problem sooner or later . 
  in fact it did solve the problem already : people do n't want the content most contemporary press produces unless it is totally free ( and by totally i mean totally as in not even adverts ) . 
  state capitalism is bad , yes . 
  the selling part is of course business . 
  the using that stuff against defenseless civilians part is typical state action though . 
  it 's not like hitler would have said `` oh well , they wo n't sell us zyklon b. 
  so let 's cancel that whole holocaust thing and do a picknick instead ! '', 
  you ca n't absolute the state from its wrongdoings just because there were immoral businessmen selling poison gas to them . 
  ok , so businesses clearly are the bad guys . 
  let 's take a look at the 20th century : how many people suffered ( died ) through state action and how many were killed by businesses ? 
  and once we 're done with counting for the 20th century let 's check all those centuries before . 
  so the state is inherently good unless someone pays them to prosecute citizens for thought crimes . 
  and then the bad one is the one who 's paying and not the corrupt state ? 
   lobbying is only possible because governments are willing to throw their ideals over board in exchange for cash . 
  it 's both the same really . 
  forced submission of the individual to a greater good . 
  because they are governments and once laws for the the obvious cases are in place they still need a job ( or a justification for a job ) . 
  so they make up useless regulations and laws for idiotic shit only to have something to show to the citizens : `` look , you still need us !, 
  no government cutbacks pls , because we 're important lol '' . 
  british police can arrest you via titter now . 
   but putin might cry himself to sleep no cry routine in sleep.exe though, 
  yes , but you assume that the companies would pay out your gross salary in the case labor costs went down . 
  and then add the prospect of them having to pay significantly more corporate taxes . 
  your wage would n't change at all - if you were lucky enough to keep your job that is . 
  but the whole discussion is based on a false presumption : that all businesses avoid taxes on large scale . 
  while it 's only a few multi nationals that do it . 
  your baker around the corner sure as hell does n't operate an offshore company in panama . 
  nor does the owner of your local china joint . 
  the only ones who do this are a handful of multi national giants like apple , amazon or ikea . 
  you should n't make life miserable for small local businesses only because multi nationals are using all legal means to get around paying taxes . 
   can you please stop trying to compare f.e. 
  poland and ukraine ? 
  poland is a memberstate of the eu and therefore protected by the eu and nato , a military pact consisting of countries whos military spending exceeds $ 900 billion yearly . 
  do you know how muc can you please stop trying to compare ukraine and georgia ? 
  ukraine is protected by the budapest memorandum and is allied with russia . 
  do you know how muc, 
  if you want a balanced budget every penny of taxes not paid by companies will be paid by salaried people . 
   but those salaried people do n't pay the taxes really . 
  the companies do . 
  it 's only on paper that the employees get taxed for it . 
  do n't know about your country but here people look at what they get net out of the job . 
  they wo n't take a `` you get 10k pln before taxes and only 2k after taxes '' job over a `` you get 3k before taxes but 2k after taxes '' job . 
  to an employee those two jobs are virtually the same . 
  so what if on the first job you earn 10k on paper ? 
  you still only have 2k left . 
  so companies have to calculate in those taxes into the salaries they 're willing to pay or else no one will be working for them . 
   i 'm against the current trend of reducing the tax burden on companies because it is mechanically transferred to taxes on labour . 
  so you rather want to tax companies higher so they wo n't have any desire to hire people ? 
  because that 's what happens with high taxes : taxes discourage production . 
  at some point an improvement in profits is n't worth the hassle . 
  take your baker around the corner . 
  he could make $ 100 more a year if he hired someone to help him out . 
  but those $ 100 have to be paid with increased administrative burden , etc. 
  by the virtue of having an employee . 
  if he now would have to pay 50 % of tax on those $ 100 his incentive to do the extra work would be lesser than if he only had to pay 20 % tax on those profits . 
  taxes on labor on the other hand are a fixed cost . 
  you pay a certain fixed sum to your employee no matter how big your profits get . 
  no mis-incentive to produce less . 
  you just happily hire more people to grow your business . 
   does this makes me an arsehole ? 
  for not wanting to increase the tax burden on people who make money from labour ? 
  no , nothing bad about not wanting to increase the tax burden for people who make their living through labour . 
  but why do you want to make it worse for others ? 
  sure the few evil ceos jetting around the world and laughing in panama . 
  but the thing is that most business owners are normal people like you and me . 
  it 's your baker or your hair dresser . 
  putting 50 % taxes on them wo n't help anyone - and it certainly wont hit those ceos in their jets . 
  true . 
  is n't it self-evidently ? 
  if you 're forbidden from discussing a problem ( through social pressure or laws ) the problem wo n't get solved . 
   completly ridiculous fears of an russian attack on eu memberstates ukraine ? 
  i mean in 2012 if anyone said that the new donetsk airport will be a battlefield in less than 2 years people would have called the insane asylum . 
  but you can : just become a freelancer . 
  other than that : yes , the tax system needs simplification and reforms . 
  citizens and businesses should have the same means available to them to deal with taxes . 
  that 's cool . 
  move to poland and vote for the appropriate parties then .
