  then it 's like some right winger `` gib back east prussia/how dare poles elect a government that 's not totally obedient to berlin '' convention . 
  at this point merkel 's not even compliant with the german constitution : http://www.n-tv.de/politik/politik_person_der_woche/der-richter-der-kanzlerin-article16746101.html, 
  andrea nahles said germany needs those migrants to keep its economy running . 
   it 's selfish . 
  so did merkel ask her european partners before proclaiming that `` every syrian is welcome '' ? 
  but that would be selfish . 
  very good !, 
  and make those 400 christian families only !, 
  with politicians aligned to the former polish government being the driving force behind said framework ... 
  but i 'm sure that 's just a coincidence :3, 
  but the previous gov fucked you over in a way that was benefiting germany so be a good pole and get that credit for the vw you always wanted and let the big boys take care of politics , 
   there is an extreme willingness on the german side to get the polish-german relations to the same baseline normalization that the franco-german relations have . 
  or maybe they do n't care because they know they have the upper hand and control the polish market so they do n't need to react . 
  this whole mess now is only because pis wants to raise taxes for foreign corporations and banks - which means mainly german corporations . 
   disclaimer : we may destroy your country whille rescuing you as long as you destroy the other guys too , i 'm fine with it . 
  we re-built the country many times already . 
   where the hell was eu and their ` rule of law review ' when agents of our domestic intelligence agency raided the offices of the wprost ... ? 
  possibly congratulating tusk on the good job :3, 
   you can bet among those anti-muslim extremists you will find plenty of polish immigrants . 
  so they will be seen as allies . 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't really know if you know how the typical german right wing extremist thinks . 
  for him poland is the country that stole his eastern lands and the sheer existence of a polish state is an insult . 
   we could use them here actually . 
  that i believe . 
  and tbh . 
  i could imagine worse things than to move back to poland . 
  there 's just no pressure right now that forces me to . 
  but as soon as a hitler 2.0 party starts rising here in germany i 'm going `` back '' . 
   tbh i also had very bad experiences in poland when my girlfriend introduced me as her boyfriend . 
   not only you . 
  i get shit from time to time when i visit there because to some bydlos i 'm a `` traitor '' and `` not a real pole '' for leaving glorious motherland and moving to germany . 
   but this happens mostly in rural areas . 
  in bigger cities people do n't really care . 
  the real reason behind this german anti-poland shitstorm is that pis wants to increase taxes for foreign corporations/banks . 
  means german corporations , which are very well positioned on the polish market , would have to pay more taxes . 
  this whole mess has nothing to do with democracy and press freedom . 
  it 's all about germany 's control of the polish market . 
   `` we need economic sanctions if political means wo n't achieve anything '' , said reul to the news paper ( note : this is merkel 's party who 's demanding this ) . 
   because whenever i take my girlfriend back to the rural area im from , poeple tend to tread her condescendingly anti-polish chauvinism is engrained in german culture ( thanks kulturkampf ! ) . 
  just take a look at / r/de when there 's a thread concerning poland . 
  a seemingly leftist subreddit starts spouting the worst right wing nonsense - but it 's ok . 
  it 's against poland . 
  you learn to live with it . 
  and it only gets relevant if people see your surname ( provided you 're fluent in german ) . 
  so eh ... do n't worry about something you ca n't change . 
   the chance that they will become hostile towards poles isnt that small i 'm a pole who 's been living in germany for almost 20 years . 
  people never have been too friendly here when they learned where i am from so i do n't really care how they feel about kaczynski being kaczynski . 
   where has this system you speak of has been in practice or is this ` in practice in germany . 
  they have pretty liberal self defense laws which are pretty much what the castle/stand your ground doctrine from some us states amounts to . 
  and yet you do n't hear about killed germans who were dumb enough to cross someone 's lawn . 
  maybe most humans are in fact decent beings and do n't kill for bullshit ? 
  maybe you 're just a little too desensitised to violence ? 
  in principle yes . 
  in practice probably not because who the fuck is going to shoot someone for just walking over his property ? 
  if i do n't want people to walk over it i just put a fence around it and get a dog . 
   yeah , either you move voluntarily somewhere else or prison/confinement would be the logical consequence . 
  spoken like a true statist . 
  `` do as i say or else ... '', 
  why would i do that ? 
  just do n't attack me and no one gets killed . 
   no , but you implied it would be a good idea for a society to have no goverment at all . 
   yes . 
   that is certainly not the best of ideas . 
  please elaborate . 
  because i think it is the best of ideas . 
  if there 's a system where i respect your property ( which includes yourself ) and you respect my property and the only interaction between us both is totally voluntary for what do we need an government then ? 
   the biggest hypocrats are always libertarians not an argument . 
   who think they do n't promote a system that will be forced upon others not agreeing with it like every one else . 
  but who will force the system on others ? 
  a state ? 
  oh , there wo n't be a state . 
  when the basic law is : `` leave me alone and i leave you alone '' you ca n't force people into anything without acting unjust . 
  but i do n't agree . 
  what now ? 
  do you want to deport me from my home because i do n't like you telling me how to live my live ? 
  you people on this subreddit need to take morality 101 . 
   taxes are more a contract between two agreeing parties funny , i never agreed to such a contract . 
   with theft on the other hand , one party ( stolen one ) does not agree to the terms , that it why it is bad :3, 
   so extra taxes for online crops/services are fine . 
  theft is never fine . 
  even with best intentions not . 
  i 've been told a few times i should go fuck off to texas . 
  mostly when discussing stupid polish weapon laws :(, 
   i think i pass on that kind of freedom . 
  that 's cool . 
  but do n't make that decision for me , please . 
  ah , german public school education at its best  the only alternative to a nanny state is being a factory slave . 
  never was asked about one . 
  never signed one . 
  just being threatened with force into obeying its rules . 
  pretty immoral if you ask me . 
  yes , yes , i know , the concept of personal freedom is really not popular with you people , 
  not at all . 
  which is sad really . 
  good services get punished for being good . 
  no , it 's a coincidence . 
   he is not someone that cheers when somebody gets sodomised and butchered but he indirectly advocates those things by supporting socialism . 
  take a look at venezuela - that 's what burney wants . 
  you 're just envious of my aryan superhumanity !,
