  but i do n't like socialism . 
  thus i do n't like nazis . 
  how can i be a nazi sympathiser ? 
  also just compare social policies under hitler to social policies under other socialist rulers . 
  you will find that they overlap . 
  yes , hitler had that race thing going on - but it 's not like the soviet union or mao china were very welcoming to foreigners either . 
  both ideologies are pretty similar . 
  they even have that same `` repeat the sanctioned state opinion or suffer '' - thing going on . 
  also decisive deportations to refugee camps on our external borders . 
  only let people stay who are legally here . 
  everyone who entered illegally needs to be shipped back to an external refugee camp and have their asylum request processed there . 
   closing the borders . 
  but we ca n't have that . 
  because while it is the rational thing to do it makes us feel bad and guilty . 
  and our feelings are far more important than inner stability and safety !, 
  all decisions should be based on emotions so no one gets their feelings hurt . 
  of course you ca n't employ your own for 500 euros a month because 500 euros is a laughable sum in the west . 
  but you can employ those poor fuckers east of your borders for 500 euros in their own poor countries . 
  which actually makes the situation even worse for your own basic workers because why the fuck would anyone want to build a factory in germany when they can get shit made in poland for 1/4 of the price . 
  your basic workers will never get a job . 
  our economy will never develop beyond being the low paid work force of german corporations . 
  but hey - as long as vw can build cars on the cheap and make a killing so the few shareholders get a money shower who cares ... 
   but from where would you get your cheap workers and imports then ? 
  : ( middle east and north africa , 
   only problems and a constant money drain . 
   a constant money drain . 
  italy ? 
   / edit : butthurt italians , 
   let the v4 countries enter the eu was as mistake word . 
   `` solve it '' i still ca n't figure out how `` we send you one refugee and you send us a different one back '' will help . 
  maybe i 'm just too simple to understand that . 
   2 . pis are sabotaging poland 's relations with its closest allies . 
  wait , what ? 
  i thought we were on pretty good terms with our v4 and us friends . 
   guardian oh yeah , i 'm sure we 're going to wake up under the swastika tomorrow ... 
  it 's like a cancer . 
  wherever you go in europe - there 's a fucking lidl around the corner . 
  what do you like the most about lidl ? 
  i think they have great discounts . 
   you 're making up claims about immigrants raping children , and think i digress ?!, 
   http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3436988/mother-ten-year-old-boy-raped-austrian-swimming-pool-iraqi-said-sexual-emergency-says-regrets-telling-children-migrants-need-help.html, 
  ~ ~ sorry paywall . ~ ~, 
   why did n't they follow the legal way ? 
  i guess because you 'd need to be able to read and write for that ? 
  this `` lol we 're all students , engineers '' meme got old pretty quickly , 
   but as time passes i believe we 'll see more and more people realising it 's hopeless and turning back . 
  or they find out about this social welfare thingy and stay ... 
   ~ ~ milk and cookies ~ ~ free houses , well paid jobs and women ... 
   adequate and sustainable social protection and access to high quality essential services , including childcare , healthcare and long-term care yay !, 
  welfare for everyone . 
  i ask myself who will finance this ? 
  ah i know !, 
  small and mid-sized businesses because the large corporations do n't pay taxes in europe anyway . 
  work harder and you will be allowed to keep 10 % of your earnings !, 
  this . 
  in a `` statistically perfect '' society with 10 % foreigners 90 % of all crimes should be committed by the natives . 
  but when those 10 % start committing 50 % of the crime something is not right . 
   no , right-wingers when in power invariably commit mass murder and start world wars !, 
  hey ... now everyone knows . 
  i guess dear leader kaczynski will have to make different plans now . 
  field marshal szydlo will be pissed :( honestly , people think that as soon as someone remotely right comes to power the gas chambers are going back to full power because lol look at what hitler did and the left media is doing everything they can to reinforce that belief . 
  that national socialism actually was a very leftist ideology but fuck facts when we can have state sanctioned mass hysteria ) . 
  i mean look at how fucking over-reacting the germans are because lol kaczynski 2nd hitler . 
  while everyone conveniently overlooks that many of the pis `` reforms '' have been in effect in germany for a long time . 
  ( control of public broadcasters , control of prosecutor office by ministry of interior , etc ) . 
  ( inb4 in germany it 's different because we [ germans ] know what we 're doing ) / edit : engrish, 
   vote reasonably but voting left is not voting reasonably . 
  there 's just no reasonable party to vote in many countries . 
  so people vote the lesser evil - which this time is the right . 
  prices for houses with basements went down . 
  we just do n't want the wonders western europe is enjoying so thoroughly , 
  yes , while it was de-facto occupied by soviet russia ... 
  well , as casting votes is done in secret i would n't give much on what my neighbor is saying . 
  he might be afraid to be called a filthy nazi if he would tell you how he really stands on that matter . 
  so we will have to wait for the elections to see what the german voters really think . 
   and as such expected to toe the eu line when it comes to foreign policy . 
  so german foreign policy is eu policy ? 
   choosing to side with austria and hungary over germany is an incredibly short-sighted ( to say the least ) decision for a candidate state . 
  yeah , i guess they should quickly learn how things go in the eu ... 
   outnumbered 27:1 do you think sabaton will write a song about this ? 
   you seem to be grossly misinformed . 
  as misinformed as the refugees shouting `` thank you mama merkel '' i guess ... 
   we pay more shit in eu everyone hates us even more the thing is : when everyone wanted more german involvement they still believed in that efficient and competent german stereotype . 
  and no one would have thought of how incompetent merkel would turn out to be . 
  but it would n't be that bad . 
  i mean everyone makes mistakes and no one is perfect . 
  so all merkel would need to do is to recognize that she made an mistake and change course a little . 
  but nope . 
  she wo n't move one cm from her stance that she 's doing everything right and all the others are wrong . 
  now everything is just an ugly shitshow . 
  well , that 's their problem . 
  not ours . 
  we did n't start some stupid shit civil war because `` lol facebook '' . 
  i 'm honestly getting annoyed with this shit . 
  why does europe have to help the whole world ? 
  `` but lolol europe you so rich you must share '' . 
  fuck that . 
  why do n't the saudis share their wealth ? 
  i mean they have the same culture as the refugees . 
  why do n't other islamic countries take in their brothers in faith ?
