  greece failed because it was heavily mis-managed . 
  db fails because it is heavily mis-managed . 
  why should now get db money but not greece ? 
  just because `` db is a german company '' ? 
  what logic is that ? 
  should we start bailing out every mis-managed local business just because `` muh national pride '' ? 
  why does a bunch of managers and shareholders matter more than elderly people and children ? 
  just because the shareholders are german and the children are greek ? 
   between russia ... even poland i beg to differ . 
  we do n't beat up people just because of their skin color and we do n't call them `` monkeys '' all the time either . 
  i 'm not saying we do n't have racist assholes . 
  but it 's certainly a different level than russia . 
  and we 're safer for people of color than for example east germany . 
  ( hell , we 're probably safer than most places according to the oecd ranking recently released ) . 
  nothing what the us president says in his speeches is `` accidental '' . 
  sanders is n't much better though . 
  with the next us elections putin can only win . 
  did n't you have your foreign policy outsourced to the usa for some time now ? 
  so it 's ok for greeks to suffer through shit but not for germans ? 
  german double standards at its best . 
  no worries , mama merkel will bail them out . 
  maybe schauble even will come up with a new eu-wide tax to finance it . 
  yes , i do n't see a difference . 
  in both cases local population wo n't benefit . 
  well , watch out that it does n't become a negative meme like serbian bridges . 
  under fire by whom ? 
  the russians ? 
  yeah , explain that to a 15 year old  also no need to downvote just because i disagree with you . 
  that 's just bad form . 
  how morally deranged do you have to be to attack elderly people ( or children ) ? 
  i mean race war is fun and stuff ( no it is n't ) but you should at least leave the helpless out of it ... 
  people still make jokes ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  i for one am happy that i was able to remove links to usenet posts of mine which i wrote when i was 15 . 
  ( who would have guessed that 15 year olds are idiots ) . 
  so open source developers are working for the enemy ? 
  nice !, 
  i always wanted a reason to imprison those unwashed hippies . 
  have you ever eaten sausage/bratwurst/kielbasa ? 
  if yes then you know how intestines taste ... 
  delicious, 
   if we bail it out , it will be our money , not the money of greece or another country . 
  so what 's the difference ? 
  if you bail out greece you spend money on someone else . 
  if you bail out deutsche bank you spend it on a private corporation thus someone else . 
  so if we get a nuclear war will this result in super strong nationalism ? 
  haha :  for their part , the russians are upping the ante , with regime media publishing claims by the defense ministry that air attacks on aleppo yesterday that killed civilians , including the bombing of a hospital , were actually perpetrated by u.s. air force a-10s , a war crime that they say the pentagon has tried to pin on moscow . 
  no one would believe that ... or would they ? 
  do n't know - let 's ask / r/russia : https://np.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/4596t3/us_a10s_bombed_city_of_aleppo_on_wednesday/ < 3, 
  baltic , balkan ... pfft it 's all the same anyway . 
   it 's a common sentiment from collectivist/leftist types . 
  heh , yeah , it 's all `` fuck capitalism ... but hands off my iphone and my sneakers '' . 
   / r/incest oh what the fuck . 
  just assumed it was another subreddit-cancer subreddit ... but then  [ m/s ] my affair with mom pt.ii enough internet for me today . 
  wait till the new eu regulations pass . 
  then owning even just an alarm pistol will be outlawed . 
   but at least we do n't have any school shootings . 
  we had a fair deal of school shootings in europe . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erfurt_massacre comes to mind, 
  our tusk ? 
  you mean merkel 's tusk , 
   france and germany are not in charge of the eu though but they sure as hell act like it . 
   three days ago , he proposed primary elections in order to choose the next president of the european commission . 
  wo n't ever happen because this would mean that germany could n't appoint their favorites anymore . 
  i 'm sure there 's already a lidl or carrefour near to you , 
  crank up the coal power plants ... because `` nuclear is evil '' ... at this point in time i think electric cars would cause more pollution in europe than normal petrol cars . 
  the `` italians lie '' thing was n't too funny . 
  but i laughed at `` and what is this ? 
  - my lunch '' , 
   the eu institutions worry that budapest and warsaw are weakening democratic checks and balances . 
  yeah , right . 
  that 's exactly what they worry about :3 or is it that poland wants to raise taxes for certain business types ? 
  most of businesses which would be affected by this change are german and french . 
  businesses which funnel their profits out of poland and tax it at their motherships in germany and france . 
   the juncker commission reflects the priorities of the european parliament . 
  oh , i get it , we are uneducated dumb people who need the help of our german masters to survive . 
  donald , is that you ? 
   with proper institutions and oversight over national budgets this might work . 
   translated : `` surrender your sovereignty to germany and for that you 'll get euros '' . 
   people are opposed to it if it means we just send money south and hope for the best . 
  if you take a look at the usa this is how it exactly works and it wo n't work any differently as long as you force all member states to have the same currency . 
   we wasted a trillion on eastern germany and basically didnt get shit for it . 
  well , you wanted a united germany and you got it . 
  if you wanted something economically viable you should have waited with the unification . 
   hence people are sceptical of this and wonder why the hell it should work for southern europe . 
  just like the usa . 
  ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  but you wo n't get one with germany at the steering wheel . 
  they wo n't give up this current beneficial position . 
  europe 's locust swarm . 
  germans teaching us about freedom of speech . 
  here we go , 
  so it 's cool to incite hatred against poles because ... eh ... german logic ? 
  i claim it did fine before 2004 . 
  but yeah , continue being ashamed ... great argument there , buddy , 
  ugh , yeah , those glorious jobs that pay 400 euros . 
  because a hard working pole 's work is far less worth than a hard working german 's work ... 
   with billions of tansfer paid out every year you mean the billions that metro and other german corporations transfer out of poland every year ? 
  `` muh structural funds - bend over and take it like a man , little pole '' . 
   a part of a german-led banking scheme it 's also a pillaging campaign against east european markets and societies .
