  the procedure was : wait for one hour . 
  drive up with your car to the first window , show passport/id , get ok , drive to the second window , show passport/id , get ok . continue to berlin/gdansk . 
  as you can see the procedure is trivially simple . 
  biometric passports wo n't really accelerate anything as the border guards took around 20 seconds to look at the presented id papers . 
  and yet it still produced kilometers of waiting queues . 
  i do n't see how biometric passports could improve that . 
  i do n't think migrants will want to go voluntary to poland . 
  and if they are part of some quota system no border check will prevent them from entering . 
   or are you trying to say the rest are incompetent and would somehow manage to fuck it up ? 
  stil having vivid memories of kilometer long waiting queues on the polish/german border ( on both sides ) i would say : yes , most likely . 
  why ? 
   s&p btw was only agency to rate as so low . 
  probably have good connections to merkel :3, 
  ah well poland , that 's what you get for voting the wrong party into power . 
  want a better rating ? 
  then vote for the guys we 'd like to see ~ ~ selling out ~ ~ running your country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad_oblast rekt ( also : you know exactly what i mean with neighbour . 
  do n't be nitpicker ), 
  yay !, 
  no more neighbors with germany and russia !, 
  oh ... north korea and iraq ... nvm fucked for live always . 
  how is pakistani immigration fault of the eu ? 
  is n't it rather some funny commonwealth/ex-colony business that brings the pakistanis to the uk ? 
  does that mean ethnic russians are endangered in germany ? 
  i predict a rise of russian tourism in berlin , 
   but pushing its policies onto the eu by force is not what it does . 
  exhibit a : `` omg poland turned totally nazi look at what they do to their press '' as soon as a party comes to power that is n't getting their orders from berlin . 
  ( fun fact : when the berlin-friendly po party did the same there was no shit storm ) . 
  it 's a literal translation of `` inselaffe '' ( island monkey ) - a very popular german slur for brits . 
  at least you do n't have it too bad ... they call other people far worse things , 
  no , it ca n't do shit because of german solo efforts which backfire and then germany tries to force the other eu members to clean up the mess . 
  and i have the bad feeling that this is not the last time we see german solo efforts with consequences the community will have to live with . 
  no , but without the uk counterweight france and germany would go full retard with regulations and questionable policies . 
  the anglos have a little different world view - which is great as it protects the eu from total statism which germany and france would love to introduce . 
  with germany running amok i can totally understand the brits . 
  i hope you can still cancel your vacation , 
   does n't really have a native porn industry everybody watches western porn and actually believes what they see - thinking that western women are all `` sluts '' and that you can just walk up to them and they 're sleep with you if you 're forceful . 
  whom are they trying to bullshit ? 
  no thinking person on this planet would believe that . 
  it 's just a lame excuse `` oh sorry , i did n't know that groping is n't ok \\* g \\* '' . 
  i 'm missing poland from the graph :3, 
  it 's funnysad . 
  when an us-american overstays his visa for 3 days it 's almost the start of ww3 . 
  but groups of unchecked illegal migrants ? 
  yeah ... just let them move freely around ... because what could possibly go wrong ? 
  not sure if serious or joke . 
  but then again it 's france ... so probably serious , 
  i always thought it was anti human hate propaganda . 
   `` never mind what you meant , never mind what you said , i know exactly what you think and you suck ! '', 
  yes . 
  apples and oranges . 
  he is one person . 
  his feelings in this case are insignificant . 
  you 're just grasping on the last straw to defend your world view . 
  it took 4 days delay and international press for reports of nye to surface in german media . 
  if it were n't for the new york times we probably would n't know about what happened in cologne . 
  i guess there was also no news value in cologne nye at first then ? 
   and this license is for what kind of weapon ? 
  http://www.artemix.com.pl/category/bron-bron-krotka also i 'm getting annoyed by your anti gun agenda . 
  find out the rest by asking google . 
  on paper it 's hard to get a gun permit . 
  in reality all you need is to get a hunting license ( which is indefinitely easier to obtain than a gun permit ) . 
  fuck you , troll . 
  the comment was just there , 
  i guess his high horse had a little accident and now he 's pissed  typical german reaction when they learn that reality has not much in common with their image of the world  / edit : ahahahaha , lol , he just deleted the comment you linked < 3, 
  poland is safer than most western countries . 
  the problem is though that every little shit crime gets reported in the press . 
  which makes people _ feel _ unsafe even though they are relatively safe . 
  in germany it 's the opposite for example : they wo n't report many hard crimes because they do n't want to unsettle the population . 
  \\* cough \\* cologne \\* cough \\* which means people feel safe but live in relative danger . 
  any hard numbers ? 
  because `` feelings '' are n't really good building blocks for statistics , 
   one of the strictest gun control regulations in the world  eh ... on paper . 
  on the other hand if you have a hunting license it 's legal for you to own a revolver in poland . 
  just make an poland expansion pack and introduce a new healer class : priest-medic or something like that . 
  i guess the reasoning behind it is that `` east germany '' is historically slavic lands . 
  the `` natives '' will have to be re-educated i guess . 
  kulturkampf the other way round . 
  is n't the rhineland historically french ? 
  who does the netherlands get it ? 
  gives 'em many plus points though . 
  democracy is wonderful - until someone has a different opinion than you ? 
   that 's the problem . 
  yes , many germans think that : a different opinion than ours is a problem that has to be dealt with . 
  there 's a public offering like `` we need a road built '' . 
  every company in the eu has the right to place a bid for the contract . 
  the country offering the contract then chooses the least epxensive proposal . 
  diverting from this procedure would be against eu law . 
  i 'm just saying we have a long tradition of building each others autobahns , 
  really , so what ? 
  if she singlehandedly allows refugees into germany that 's cool for germany i guess . 
  but there 's no obligation from any other country to take in any refugees because `` merkel said so '' . 
  next time work out a plan together with other eu members and do n't act and just expect everyone to agree with what you did . 
  well , hitler built his autobahns with polish workers who were paid zilch because they were slave workers . 
  you know how the system of public tender works in europe , right ? 
  yes ? 
  then do n't ask that stupid question . 
  amen !, 
  that 's what germans honestly believe . 
  you should see / r/de which is a leftist sub - unless there 's a thread about poland .
