  but hey - have your spit swapping porn party in the town square , 
  looks like the airport triggered him :3, 
  well , obviously men kissing is worse than gore to most people then . 
  do n't know if it 's ridiculous - it 's how they feel . 
  and unless you want to start re-education camps you should accept how they feel . 
  not everyone browses / r/watchpeopledie - the same as not everyone enjoys watching gays making out . 
  in the end those are both things the average citizen would rather not see . 
  tartu , talinn , zagreb , nicosia , dubai , prague ... for me . 
  guess it 's time to polish up my estonian . 
  perkele or something ? 
  brits behaving inappropriately on vacation ? 
  ca n't believe that !, 
  yet no one is advocating for violence and gore displays in public . 
  yes , because people are forced to accept it by pc policies . 
  but that does n't mean people really accept it . 
  we 're talking about public places in the real world here . 
  i feel sorry for triggering cognitive dissonance in you :(, 
  maybe . 
  but when i see two guys making out it feels exactly like watching 2girls1cup . 
  i guess i have n't had enough leftist western style brain washing yet to find that arousing . 
  but hey , that shit they put nowadays into processed food should make my brain soft and malleable in no time , 
  ( but those are only to be found in porn it seems ) . 
  so yeah , i 'm a hypocrite . 
  arrest me for saying how i feel . 
   seriously , losing weight is not as easy as reddit would like to believe . 
  i 've been there . 
   it is just as easy . 
  i 've been there . 
  simple calorie counting did it for me . 
  but of course you need to be diligent and have self discipline ... which most reddit users seem to lack . 
   makes the struggle of losing weight much more humiliating https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8svusiyqu74 - no one is making fun of people who want to lose weight . 
  whom people make fun of are those `` fat rights '' activists who spout their `` i 'm 200kg and perfectly healthy '' nonsense . 
  no , you misunderstood me . 
  i only consider gay men kissing disgusting akin to someone defecating on the streets . 
  the rest is not as disgusting . 
  but i would encourage them to act decently and take their mating rituals into private areas . 
  yes . 
  i do . 
  though it 's not _ that _ disgusting but still inappropriate . 
  if they are behaving inappropriately then yes . 
  they should totally stop doing what they 're doing . 
  i mean you would n't be too happy if i decided to take a shit just infront of you . 
  `` but you can look away lol '' ... 
  why should i watch out where i look ? 
  are my rights worth less than theirs ? 
  yes , shitlord . 
  two men kissing is just disgusting . 
  they can do it in private - but please do n't make me watch . 
  oh , cool , state sanctioned suicide . 
  what could possibly go wrong ... 
  if you want to off yourself : fine . 
  do it . 
  but do n't drag the rest of us in by involving the state . 
  i for one do n't want to end up half senile with doctors suggesting i should consider euthanasia to ease my suffering . 
  can i get into sweet german social welfare ? 
  there 's also millions of possible problems with our current system yet people believe in it . 
  city states are actually not such a dumb idea for the modern world . 
  take something like shanghai or hong kong and make it a model . 
  city states are small and there would be enough of them to offer real alternatives to its citizens . 
  they could compete on taxes , environmentalism , child friendliness , etc. 
  so you do n't like the overly capitalist policiies in your city ? 
  just move somewhere where they are more socialist . 
  or the other way round . 
  just like you desire . 
  current nation states monopolize on language and culture . 
  if you got a shitty national government with policies you do n't like you 're pretty much trapped - unless you 're willing to learn a different language and move thousands of kilometers away . 
  city states on the other hand ? 
  there will be many of them sharing the same language and culture - just move to the one which fits your preferences . 
  of course i 'm not advocating for medieval style city states that are leading war with each other and have fundamentally different laws . 
  i 'm more for something like a hyper-federalization with a common shared law framework , etc. 
  but yet enough freedoms to have significantly different policies to instil competition between states - which would be competing for citizens - which means citizens would profit . 
   its not really working because unlike slaves voters can vote . 
  oh yeah , we can vote for a new master every four years . 
  yeah , i 'm sure criminals are going to respect gun bans and gun control laws , 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country compare switzerland to us ... guns per capita in us is roughly double than in switzerland . 
  yet homicides in switzerland are far less than just half of us rate . 
  how is this possible ?!, 
  switzerland should be the 4th most dangerous place on earth . 
  because uk has banned butter knifes !, 
  ( and yet somehow criminals do n't care ... ), 
   for that money you can send kids for camp or for extra-curricular activities , hire a nanny exactly that is going to happen ... 
  oh , there are normal people . 
  but those people do n't need the 500 pln because they can provide for their kids without state subsidies . 
  kaczynski is just subsidising poverty and pathology with his neo-bolszewist socialist programs . 
  literally the only thing pis has going for them is their radical no-islam stance . 
  everything else is just a sad display of populist politics . 
  yeah , more alcohol for the pathology hanging around ex-pgr settlements . 
  just add more regulations and subsidies . 
  what could go wrong !, 
   even as a straight dude straight swedish dude that is . 
   they make you look like a moron yeah , molenbeek is just an illusion . 
  yeah , well ... it 's really pest vs cholera . 
  we would n't have 500 + bullshit with po but we would have refugees to feed . 
  in the end it 's the same and when i 'm going to get robbed ( do n't believe pis that they can finance this shit without tax increase ) i 'd prefer the robbed money went to some polish kids than to islamist 23 year olds who want my family dead . 
  i 'm not saying pis is good . 
  just that they are better in this current situation than po . 
  ( i was personally affected by the farmland reform bullshit and had to pay some good money to get shit done before that retarded reform came into power ) . 
  i hope the refugee crisis ends soon and we can get rid off pis bolszewism after just one legislative period . 
  implying po would be much better than pis at running the country . 
  add that po would take in islamists and it evens out .
