at least they 're googling . 
  shows that they want to know more on that topic . 
  my grandpa actually likes the palace of culture in warsaw because as a school boy he was there on an excursion and they had golden faucets or something like that . 
  so maybe soviets did _ something _ right , 
  / r/polandball, 
  anything beyond free movement and the free trade zone is a bad idea . 
   world rescue team a more fitting name would be `` germany 's personal dumping ground '' . 
   i am truly wondering what brussels is thinking here . 
  `` but we are the good guys '' . 
  also add the social costs of longer time spans . 
  now it 's just housing . 
  but in 30 years you might have molenbeek style neighborhoods and exploding airports to deal with . 
  i find the name czechia horrible . 
  reminds me of some stereotypical communist hellhole from a hollywood movie . 
  czech republic sounded way better . 
  but if the people of czechia wish to be called that way who am i to deny them their wish ? 
  so migrants/refugees will be better off than the local population ? 
  that 's a recipe for disaster . 
  over the weekend i was visiting a rather poor village here in poland . 
  it 's a desperate situation with a shitton of alcoholism and general social pathology - albeit no crime or violence . 
  but if you settle eu-funded refugees there the people will simply riot and start pogroms . 
  it 's a tinderbox . 
  yes , but it 's always nice to let others pay for your hobbies , 
  yes , but i do n't get the logic : when someone dodges taxes he 's a monster . 
  but when billions of tax euros get literally wasted on a shitty prestige project it 's just `` facepalm '' . 
  evade 100k euros in taxes : go to jail for 3 years . 
  waste 100k euros of tax money : meh , happens to the best . 
  the same is happening with lactose . 
  lactose attracts water . 
  so sausage producers are adding as much lactose as possible to increase the product 's weight . 
  in poland they 're going so far that some sausages start to taste sweet . 
  is n't sawdust bread a finnish national dish ? 
  because laws and regulations once they have been passed are near impossible to remove . 
  the momentum just goes in the opposed direction . 
  that 's also why you 're still financing the kaiser 's war fleet when you buy a bottle of sparkling wine , 
  i do n't understand why german tax payers are not up in arms about this but rather just `` laugh it off '' as a curiosity . 
  just tag him and ignore him . 
  he always starts insulting people once he 's out of `` arguments '' . 
  freedom of movement to straya ? 
  i do n't think anyone should give a blonde family in lederhosen any shit - unless the father is dressed up as an actual ss officer . 
  the germans are over-doing it again - but this time in the different direction . 
  anime is for permavirgins . 
  yeah , well , who the fuck cares ? 
  spilled milk . 
  it 's lithuanian now . 
  we do n't really need another city . 
  and thanks to the eu you can move your ass there and live there if you love that city so much . 
   but i also do n't understand why people even need to write street names in polish . 
  me neither . 
  i find it pretty idiotic to have bad blood about it . 
  but i guess the problem will solve itself when the idiot generation dies off . 
  nah , they hate us because they ca n't spell `` herbata '' correctly , 
  tomaszewski is a fucking idiot . 
  he 's our erika steinbach and makes things worse just by existing . 
  hmm , does n't look too bad . 
  where 's the problem ? 
   i would like the polish government acknowledge at least that what they did was a crime aswell heh , you germans just ca n't let it go , 
   first : we did not ` invite ' people . 
   we have been in favor of securing external borders  merkel is not responsible for these things . 
   again , there was no invitation . 
  is this the beginning of agency 115 ? 
  :3 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agency_114, 
  next year new ard documentary `` how merkel saved europe from the migration crisis '' . 
   basically vw ca n't keep up so want to block the competition . 
   is n't crony capitalism great ? 
  just bribe the right politicians to fuck up your competition through laws and regulations . 
  state-capitalism fuck yeah !, 
  just ask vw to develop new filters !, 
  vw - always the good guys . 
  can you believe hitler founded vw ? 
  me neither !, 
  eh , i do n't know . 
  vikings were pretty large pests that came over europe every summer and destroyed/robbed all things people worked all year hard for . 
  i 'd wager to say that without the germanic tribes europe would have been better off in its development . 
  they 're like a big wedge that splits through central europe and pretty much the reason why we ca n't have nice things . 
   remove anything reminding us that those cities were german wait what ? 
  i 'm from gda\u0144sk and the german influence is still visible . 
  and no one is scratching german words like `` briefe '' from their antique doors , etc. 
  we have plaques reminding people that grass was born in this house , etc. 
  we hold memories of the hanseatic in high regard . 
  there 's no `` lol let 's erase the city 's colorful past '' movement going on there . 
  it 's rather every second german i come to meet on the internet who goes into `` gib ostgebeite back '' full retard mode as soon as i mention i 'm from poland ( and especially gda\u0144sk ... eh sorry danzig ) . 
   that demonym was used by ancient roman historians to describe the people in northern europe exactly . 
  pretty much everything east of the rhine was terra incognito to the romans and they usually just made shit up and called it a day . 
  lol , that map is on the level of skull measuring to determine who 's aryan and who needs to be worked to death . 
  i think the rhineland is rightfully french though . 
  best one is their `` gib back '' - movement leader erika steinbach . 
  she wants lands back where she lived for like 4 years when her father was settled there after poles have been expelled . 
  germans are a curious bunch , 
  god 's chosen people . 
   this is a very hard question not really . 
  one day god put us here . 
  gib back !, 
  / edit : for ~ ~ germans ~ ~ people downvoting this : this is obviously not serious and a joke . 
  you can keep berli\u0144sk . 
  hmm , maybe that 's exactly what putin wants ? 
  if sweden joins nato he can be all `` look comrade-citizens , even neutral sweden joined the imperialist nato bloc . 
  you need stronk putin to protect you ! '', 
  if you support any government you 're literally lenin . 
  and that definition is outdated .
