   here where ? 
  ca n't people just flair up ? 
  why not ? 
  forest rangers usually know the terrain pretty well . 
   smart countries learn from their history and try to avoid repeating the same mistakes over and over again . 
  guess why we do n't want muslim mass migration , 
   are once again on the wrong ( losing ) side of history . 
  i 'm glad you clarified that . 
  for a short time i assumed the wrong side was the winning one . 
   maybe after the last catholic pope we can always go the `` make jan pawel ii eternal ~ ~ emperor ~ ~ pope '' route though . 
  i 'm sure that would n't be too unpopular even today , 
  really ? 
  i barely see young people go to church on sunday - only old babcias . 
  ( i 'm living directly across one of gdansk 's biggest churches ) . 
   next time at least try to be funny hey , you 're being unfair . 
  bohnemann is a german , 
  calling a turk a goat fucker sounds pretty racist to me though . 
  but maybe it 's just german `` humor '' that i 'm not getting . 
  a state only very rarely removes laws and regulations . 
  because that would diminish its power over the people . 
  how do you determine if someone deserves it ? 
  has a court sentenced him to being called goat fucker ? 
  yes , but what about the people who actually believe that they were invited ? 
   c'mon this is a stupid myth . 
  it 's irrelevant what she said `` mutti merkel '' protesters tell a different story . 
  those people are killing themselves by their own actions . 
  no one forces them to cross the mediterranean and come to europe . 
  only because it was bad then does n't mean that it being worse now is ok . 
   except these tragedies were already happening well before merkel said anything . 
  except they 're happening more often now . 
   merkel did n't create the war in syria , or the one in iraq , or the one in afghanistan , or the dictatorship in eritrea but she said something along the lines of `` people leave your camps and come to germany '' . 
  even if she did n't mean it literally - people understood it that way and got ready to cross the sea . 
   and that is what makes those people cross the mediterranean . 
  no , the wars make the people flee to refugee camps . 
  crossing the sea is caused by completely different incentives . 
  i hope merkel can sleep well . 
  every dead refugee is on her because her invitation made people do very stupid things - like trying to cross the mediterranean sea in a raft in april . 
   it is no better then letting it die from that point of view . 
  so your criticism is based purely on lofty principles rather than about pragmatic solutions ? 
  sounds a little like `` pis is doing something . 
  it must be bad . 
  we must stop it . 
  does n't matter if we turn bia\u0142owie\u017ca park into a parking lot if we can achieve moral victory '' . 
  but the national park is a relict . 
  it 's more like an artefact now as it is a comparatively small patch of untouched forest in an environment that consists mainly of farm land and human managed forests . 
  back in the days when the bible was being written and our homeland was practically one gigantic forest no one cared if the bark beetle ate 3000km ^ 2 of forest . 
  because what 's 3000km ^ 2 ? 
  it 's like a small patch surrounded by huge vast stretches of otherwise healthy forrest . 
  and so what if that small part gets eaten ? 
  it will regrow in 500 years or so . 
  but if that small patch gets eaten today we lost it all . 
  no re-grwowing . 
  just dead trees . 
  how racist from the ambassador !, 
  because that 's what we 're entitle to . 
  if you do n't like that change the eu rules . 
   economically poland has had immense profit from the eu . 
  on paper . 
  but in reality all that profit went straight back to berlin , london and paris . 
  that 's actually a little comforting . 
  uh , uh , poland is n't saying `` ja , mein herr '' to everything coming from berlin . 
  they must be primitives that need another 100 years to see the black-red-yellow colored light !, 
  amsterdam in 48 hours or something like that . 
   our deaths over nukes . 
  but it would be a glorious death . 
  just imagine : you gave your life to destroy russia once and for all !, 
   poland already sounds like north korea every now and then , wow , you must have a premium subscription of the guardian ... 
  that 's what i have been saying for a long time . 
  poland needs a nuclear arsenal . 
  he 's a leftist . 
  so yes . 
  only those sanctioned by the party committee should be allowed to voice their opinion . 
   control influence, 
   if you ask me , it is not in the position for demands . 
  same goes for it 's eu membership . 
  `` hey join this democratic club . 
  but you wo n't be able to voice your opinion . 
  just vote for what we tell you . 
  but otherwise it 's totally democratic lol '' . 
   the shield project was cancelled because obama seeked to `` thaw '' us relations with russia you misspelled `` appeasement '' , 
   usa as separate entity scores significantly higher in population eyes . 
  of course because nato currently is a `` we latch onto the us and suck them dry '' club of lazy western europeans . 
  implying germans would have allowed nato bases even if po was still in power ... 
  heh , look at that famous german solidarity  and they give us shit for not wanting to house middle east immigrants and call us out on our lack of solidarity :3, 
   there are protests about that but the government does n't give a shit . 
  because the cut down is necessary to protect the rest of the national park ? 
  the part they want to cut down is infected with a bark beetle plague . 
  no , why ? 
  but it 's not `` every man for himself '' in any of those cases . 
  if it were things were better . 
  but it is either `` every man for the nation '' , `` every man for the state '' or `` every man for the society '' . 
  and if you do n't play along you get the gun , you parasite , you . 
  how can i get rid of their fucking `` free '' album on itunes ? 
  i 'm deleting it over and over again but it always returns . 
   and no , it 's not the same . 
  fascism and nazism ... and yet the results are the same : total submission of the individual to the `` greater good '' . 
  voluntarily or not . 
  but that 's just one little detail that 's not socialist about national socialism . 
  the rest is full blown socialism . 
  in the end you can argue about semantics all day .
