  `` give 'em free movement and rob their countries '' . 
   but i ca n't help but feel how unbalanced this eu thing is , well , too bad . 
  bend over and take it like a man . 
  whore out your markets to german and french corporations who move all profits back to their motherships in berlin and paris . 
  but hey - for that you get freedom of movement where you can move to the west and live off minimum wage jobs and be a second grade citizen because `` filthy immigrant '' !, 
  also muh european structural funds . 
  shut up or we stop paying you !, 
  \\* makes popcorn \\*, 
  they put kaczynski in a wehrmacht uniform ? 
  german humor , i guess . 
  tl ; dr sch\u00e4uble wants to dictate how other countries should tax their citizens . 
  the brits . 
  `` everything is fine , poland . 
  you have nothing to fear . 
  sincerely , ribbentrop '' . 
  and here 's the reason why the '' / s '' tag had to be invented ... 
  ah , people always find a way to paint poles as antisemitic cryptonazis . 
  eh , i do n't know `` why '' but there 's an anti-polish sentiment in israel . 
  for example :  `` an instruction on conduct with the local inhabitants given away to israeli teenagers coming to poland couple years ago may confirm professor 's opinion . 
  it contained such a paragraph : ` everywhere we will be surrounded by poles . 
  we will hate them because of their participation in holocaust ' . '', 
  ...  `` however according to ilona dworak-cousin the lack of contact with poles , causes israeli youth to confuse victims with the perpetrators . 
  -- ` they start to think it were the poles who created concentration camps for jews , that it is the polish who were and still are the biggest anti-semites in the world ' -- adds dworak-cousin , who is jewish herself . '', 
  source : https://polishpress.wordpress.com/2007/05/11/israeli-teenagers-are-a-nuisance-in-poland/, 
  we do n't hate muslim migrants . 
  we just do n't want them here to create parallel societies like they did in western europe . 
  germans are a whole different story . 
  ( especially when it comes to wroclaw and german neo-nazis ) . 
  rightfully so . 
  because a german neo-nazi movement has no place in poland . 
   but against nazis . 
  and poles in general , 
  wait - but i thought poles were super-nazis and hated all ze jews ? 
  you mean those people started acting irrationally after they have been promised a paradise on earth ? 
  wealth and freedom for everyone just by ousting the tyrant ? 
  gee ... it 's almost like the `` in europe we get a good job and they give us a free house '' shit they hear from the traffickers , 
  which is logical as the uk staying in the eu as a counter weight to germany/france is in poland 's interest . 
  i always wondered what the hell was going on with the uk when i heard stories of people from poland going there and immediately getting on social benefits . 
  that 's just fucking disgusting and those leeches should n't see one cent unless they worked and paid their share into the social system . 
  or the money they get for their kids which they have left here in poland . 
  wtf ?!, 
  if you do n't take your kids with you you should n't see any money for them . 
  the eu has some very retarded regulations and i think not only the uk should fight these regulations . 
  well , it is a solution . 
  but only if the people come to it on their own . 
  a foreign power proclaiming `` lol democracy now '' wo n't work . 
   ready to explode at a moments notice ? 
  eh , do n't know about the other countries but tunisia definitely was n't `` ready to explode '' . 
  it sure was n't western style democratic and free but the people were better off then than they are now regarding safety , economy and political stability . 
  but hey , at least we can pat us on our backs because hashtag arab spring and facebook revolution !, 
  but you wo n't get a free house and a good job there !, 
   in northern europe they do n't want to take time for this . 
  now of course it 's different . 
  but even not long ago you could n't just take time to get some fancy salad because if you did n't hoard enough `` disgusting northern food '' you would n't make it through the harsh winter . 
  that and short summers . 
  northern people never had the luxury of having much free time . 
  that ' s why their work ethics is what it is . 
  nothern food is great if you actually live in that climate and work all day out in the woods/field or whatever . 
  `` hurr durr nothern european food is terrible '' is a shit thing to say because you leave out the cultural context in which it has developed . 
  yeah , `` free '' as in financed by people who pay astronomically high taxes . 
   if you still think the refugee crisis is germanys fault . 
  either you 're very ... ehm ... under average educated if you really think i said that or you 're trying to put words in my mouth . 
  the refugee crisis is not germany 's fault . 
  how atrociously bad it 's handled is though . 
  heh , `` take in the refugees we singlehandedly invited or else we 'll cut your structure fonds payouts '' ... nice idea of a compromise . 
  it 's telling that german users here ca n't see how miserably authoritarian the situation is handled by the german government when it comes to their eu partners . 
  maybe an alibi discussion + receiving orders to do what has been decided already is your idea of a democratic discourse but it 's certainly not how other nations would handle it . 
  that 's why ilves gets my support and merkel does n't . 
  ilves gives a speech and says `` see , that 's how i see it how we should handle the situation . 
  what about you guys '' ? 
  while merkel is all like `` yeah , i invited north africa and the middle east and if you do n't like it you can fuck off . 
  what ? 
  a discourse ? 
  sure , we can have one but the decisions already have been made and you would only waste your time . 
  now do what we want you to ! '', 
  now i do n't care if you like that sort of thing in germany . 
  but i start to get pissed when this crap spills over into my country which has a very different idea of a democratic discourse . 
   neither ~ ~ sweden nor ~ ~ germany did anything of the sort man , we should stop collectively taking drugs and start believing in the german alternate version of reality then , i guess ? 
  because merkel just acts without consulting any of germany 's partners . 
  there 's a difference between a discourse and orders dictated by the oberkommando . 
  cool dude . 
  i 'd vote for him !, 
  eh ... time to remove germany from the eu . 
  i bet they will try to force other eu countries to do the same . 
  cool !, 
  children of men in 3 ... 2 ... 1 !, 
  poor adolf . 
  must be rotating at the speed of light in his grave . 
  russians lying to stir shit up ? 
  color me surprised , 
  yeah , and that 's why football hools are a bigger issue for me than isis . 
  do n't know about you . 
  but isis never started a fight with me at the bus station because i gave a wrong answer to the `` which local football club is better ? 
  '' - question , 
   so what do you expect that 's going to happen ? 
  the police leadership getting fired and replaced by competent people ? 
  lets have a mob !, 
  have n't they been targeting `` everyone who does n't look ethnically swedish '' ? 
  would suck for an italian tourist to be caught up there . 
  yes , of course it is .
