  but hey ... 
  guardian . 
  with their current defense ministry ? 
  giving up i guess ? 
  you just met the german high horse . 
  his name is hans . 
  south europe = literally somalian slums . 
  ( except when hans and his family go on vacation there ) . 
  `` inhumane treatment of refugees in italy . 
  refugees have to sleep on the floor . 
  italy = literally mussolini '' - the guardian, 
  ah , just ship then en masse to eastern eu states and if the refugees do n't want to stay and start to flee to germany just fine the ee states for not obeying the law , 
  humor can be hard to understand sometimes ... for robots . 
  reality distortion field starts forming ... 
   law the eu had decided to ignore man , i 'm going to ignore some laws too . 
  fuck taxes !, 
   historical that 's the important term here . 
  we tamed the christian churches . 
  they are not a political force anymore ( well , except here in poland ... but we 're retarded ) . 
   food , wine , freedom , peace , culture , and civility haram . 
  haram !, 
  haram !, 
  all you said is haram !, 
  this just in : guy working for the eu says eu is the best thing since sliced bread . 
  pis is neo-bolszewist . 
  po is socialist . 
  so yeah - we 're not much better in that regard . 
  and i forsee tax increases coming pretty soon in poland to finance all that 500 + crap . 
  reward them for fiscal irresponsibility ? 
  nope . 
   a registration fee on cars that is at 182 % of the sales price wtf ? 
  how is not everyone riding a bike in dk ? 
  and german it is in a sorry state . 
  well , people voted for socialists and now they get what socialist do best : raising taxes . 
  we had our trump before it was cool . 
  ( we had also a donald ) . 
  people , stop arguing and just embrace merkel 's wisdom !, 
  what could possibly go wrong !, 
  you know : germans know everything better and everyone who does n't want to bow to german rule must be totally batshit insane . 
  lol , got your alt account out ? 
  we know both the truth . 
  no need to play dumb . 
  and yet there 's significantly more business in new york than in alabama . 
  so we would get dysfunctional nursing schools that are not competitive on the free market without subsidies ? 
   i would support stage 4 because i would prefer sharing the burden of greek debt with them rather than have that country in the state it is now , eh , it 's not like greeks were forced to take on massive amounts of debt and all get cozy jobs in the public sector through means of nepotism . 
  do n't know why we should encourage fiscal irresponsibility through some false understood solidarity . 
   different skill sets of the population , labour costs , or maybe you 'd just like to live in wilno  pales all vs. central location ( germany is in the middle of everything ) and their infrastructure ( autobahn fuck yeah ) . 
  and a relatively wealthy customer base of 80 million . 
  and labour costs ... once you have your harmonized tax system they wo n't stay that low anymore . 
  ( if you find qualified labour that is - because most people would then just move to germany where the economy is ) . 
  oh look , a german bureaucrat wanting to tell others how to live their life . 
  how novel !, 
  russians and ukrainians deserve each other . 
  stage 4 means : little lithuania ca n't freely set its tax rates anymore so they ca n't compete with countries which offer better location and infrastructure . 
  if you have the same taxes as let 's say germany or france ... why would i ever start a business in lithuania ? 
  please let 's stop at ( or dial back to ) common market . 
  everything above that is unnecessary . 
  `` country must provide for me '' - no wonder you people are so helpless , 
   unemployed but i thought poles were stealing your jobs ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jamie-lee_kriewitz and they say polish names are hard to spell :3, 
  heh , same for me . 
  \\ m / actually i cared the next year and was disappointed about the shitty entries so i stopped to care . 
  isis voting for poland ? 
   is n't it partially funded by the eu ? 
  yeah , it 's a huge `` lets snort the tax payer 's money like it was coke '' party . 
  national public broadcasters fund the shit . 
  they pay a fee to the european broadcaster union to take part . 
  ( read up on romania and why they did n't take part this year to find out more about the funding structure ) . 
  but tbh . 
  i 'd rather have they blow our taxes on a music contest than on importing more ahmed . 
  personally i do n't really care for the thing at all . 
  but i like how it 's becoming `` the european thing '' ... something that brings all europeans together without bashing in our skulls . 
  like the superbowl in the us . 
  i think australia fits better to us than either of the two countries mentioned above . 
  and they 're going to get at least 8 dozens of applications . 
  so you think the poles who stayed in poland think the same about migration like those who left ? 
  if so then why did n't we all move to germany or slough and sold the remaining lands to russia ? 
  show me , where did piotr touch you ? 
  i still do n't see a problem . 
  so what ? 
  countries like the netherlands which have less citizens than some of germany 's states do exist . 
  move together around a big city and turn the rest of the country into a national park . 
  i do n't see a problem with that . 
  oh , it would n't be such a problem if the germans would n't try to force other eu members into that nonsense . 
  if hans wants to blow all his money on ahmed - be my guest . 
  but do n't try to force piotr to do the same if piotr thinks it 's a bad idea . 
  i do n't see what the problem with shrinking populations is . 
  it 's not like we all have to work all day on the field just to feed ourselves . 
  if we ca n't find anyone to staff our factories or nursing homes we just get robots . 
  no need for forced population growth . 
   an infusion into their own economy ehm , yes - an infusion of money that would have been in the economy already if the state did n't take it as taxes . 
  people are always like `` omg government spending is so great for the economy '' - but where does the government take the money from for the spending ? 
  do they just print it ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  so it 's money that is extracted from the economy , past through 3 levels of bureaucratic overhead and then paid out to companies that usually are very `` interwoven '' with the state . 
  did n't expect to find poland on that list tbh . 
  let 's get a 28 speed eu !, 
  lol, 
  yes , that will win you sympathy points and acceptance . 
  because people wo n't think `` man , those gays behave like hyper-sexual animals in public and do n't care if kids see them '' .
