  17th bundesland soon . 
   as well as handfuls of pakistanis and africans `` handfuls ''  the apocalyptic rhetoric works . 
  kaczynski 's party won an election in poland in october using it . 
  wait what ? 
  the whole article reads like something an archaeologist in the year 3016 would reconstruct from half damaged and incomplete records . 
  oh russia , now you 've gone too far . 
  you 're going to get ... a strongly worded letter . 
  they 're running the field kitchen , right ? 
  scnr :(, 
  note to self : stop using lol and emoticons in emails to friends . 
  start writing like humans . 
  but you would need to give up your uk citizenship because germany only accepts dual citizenship for eu citizens . 
  well , it 's an island . 
  space is limited . 
  and they rather want islamist hate preachers than dirty east euros stealing their jobs and living off welfare . 
   or the political climate in those countries changes . 
  if i were a populist politician in spain i would know exactly which people were going be my next scape goat . 
   there 's no clearer set of people who are so obviously a net benefit to spain than british pensioners . 
  lol . 
  `` immigrants are bad . 
  except when they are british . 
  then they are the best people a country could want '' . 
  so the evil eastern european immigrants could still move to the uk then ? 
  ( like to norway for example ) . 
  man , many pro-brexit ukips will be pretty disappointed/mad ... 
   he started with a $ 1 million loan from his father in the 70s from dishwasher to millionaire . 
  literally !, 
  til donald is jesus 2.0, 
   before he was a businessman who by now would have made more money if he did n't play business man but jus put his inheritance in some safe/low interest rate investment . 
   also uk should be put in complete charge of the eu . 
  i second that notion . 
  better than franco-german dictate anyway . 
  so , where do i start ... 
  that he 's a complete lunatic ? 
  it 's like the exact opposite of trump ( who also is n't the sanest person on earth ) . 
  german polls also regularly find that putin is the good guy , poland is hitler 2.0 , greeks are lazy and germans are infallible superhumans . 
  political discourse : calling people with different opinions stupid . 
  trump loves russia too much . 
  i 'd be happier if the republicans got a different candidate . 
  it 's like this time only superb morons are running : clinton , sanders , trump . 
  yeah , because youth are very wise and never make super idiotic decisions , 
  how do i get a visa for jesusland ? 
  remove communist influence . 
  norway or finland ( dat nature ) . 
  but they got a shitty opinion about poles because our bydlos that went there . 
  : / also i 'd love to live in the uk for a year or two but again : bydlos made us a nice reputation . 
  new headline : nato does n't intervene because germany likes russia too much . 
  new german/russian history books : estonia never existed . 
  claiming otherwise will be punishable by law . 
  move along . 
  new headline : german eu bureaucrats condemn poland for being literally hitler . 
  yay , that old `` merkel 's word did n't matter '' / `` she never said that '' meme . 
  butthurt commie detected, 
   not even worth mentioning . 
  or rather a sane amount ? 
  universities have become breeding grounds for idiots . 
  thanks , humanities departments !, 
  well , they elected neo-communists into power . 
  so what did you expect ? 
  suddenly everything working ? 
  greeks should be happy they can still buy toilet paper without waiting for 6 hours in a queue . 
  heh , the fun thing is that the immigrants believe that merkel invited them and even german people working in refugee centers believe that . 
  ( recently in german talkshow a lady working in a center said that ) . 
  so yeah ... it 's like `` merkel never said that '' except everybody somehow heard it . 
  well , it 's not an `` either-or-thing '' . 
  luckily there 's some room on the merkel < --  orban spectrum , 
  also i do n't think that germans have the time or manpower to check what accent people are speaking . 
  i think almost no one in this sub is against asylum per se . 
  we should offer shelter to people who need it . 
  the problem though is that currently it 's a free for all . 
  everyone is invited and everyone tries to come for their personal gains . 
  and the ones who suffer most are the people who need help but wo n't get any because assholes are abusing the system ( and our politicians are too incompetent to single out those assholes ) . 
  reason ? 
  he 's just shifting all blame for everything onto the us . 
  while yes , germany * is not the cause for the refugee crisis per se , it is the cause for it getting out of hand and becoming such a shit show in europe . 
  \\* = i should have said merkel here because her incompetency is to blame . 
  unimaginable !, 
  which `` pictorial inaccuracies '' would that be ? 
  the women in cologne groped themselves ? 
   but perverse , misogynist behavior is not the province of just one culture or society . 
  so that makes it ok for that one culture to be perverse and misogynist ? 
  because others do it to ? 
  did the wp adopt whataboutism from the russians ? 
  also nice `` poland will be hitler germany 2.0 soon '' implication throughout the article ... 
  ignore soros . 
  report soros threads  soros has one agenda : the agenda of his wallet . 
  whatever he says is not good for anyone but him . 
  do n't listen to him . 
  fucking austria is a baked goods invention powerhouse . 
  they also gave birth to the bagel . 
  diabetes wo n't care . 
  diabetes loves every kind of croissant !, 
  we should listen to the brits when it comes to business matters . 
  ( ever tried opening a ltd. in the uk ? 
  10 minutes over the internet , fee paid via paypal . 
  doing taxes , etc ? 
  internet ! ) . 
  but i guess the germans will torpedo any reforms as they did back then with the eu-ltd . which would have introduced a eu-wide construct akin to the british ltd. with the same ease of founding and administration . 
  but merkel 's government did n't want that because `` we ca n't have people starting businesses with less than 25k euros capital '' and now we got nothing . 
  cool for germany i guess but shitty for countries like poland where starting a business is like taking a obstacle course through ancient regulations that still survived from times of communism .
