  well if they want to go through the legal procedures to arrange that then i would n't protest . 
  you make that sound like a bad thing or something , but given they are related then they might have a legitimate claim there that should be considered . 
  but i dunno , i 'm not versed in the legal debates on ownership of items from old antiquity . 
  if it 's scythian gold then it predates rus by more than five centuries , more like 1100-1500 years , depending on what period it 's from . 
  in which case it should be handed back to the ... crimean tartars ? 
  i 'm not really sure how genetically related the groups are tbh ( steppe cultures did move around a lot ) , maybe ukraine should hold on to it for the meanwhile . 
  i 'm assuming the artifacts originate from kyivan rus period ? 
  anybody know ? 
  if so then it 's ukraine 's by right of heritage . 
  correction : missed the bit at the end about it being scythian , my fault for skim reading . 
  i thought it 'd been much longer than twenty years romania 's been attempting to get its gold back ? 
  since wwi ended , is what i heard making it nearly ... 100 years ? 
  there is a lot of `` could be 's '' and `` might be 's '' even with the trump case , and that 's assuming it was n't a third party . 
  so if it 's like this with the supposedly proven russian attack on the dnc , how indistinct will the claims be with brexit ? 
  i 'd like to say i 'll keep an open mind until new information is released , but tbh i do n't think any more will be any time soon . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see i suppose . 
  in terms of the us presidential election , i think hillary did more to undermine her position by simply being the disingenuous person she is than any russian hack . 
  no , that was human stupidity , putin 's involvement probably amounted to little more than getting utterly hammered and laughing at the results . 
  seriously , why is every stupid act now the secret acts of a russian illumanti these days ? 
  it comes across as desperate and grasping . 
  unless they dig up any actual evidence of russia interfering in both brexit and trump vote , i 'm gunna be extremely sceptical . 
  damn , this is extremely disturbing ... 
  scotland usually is n't very cold , it 's just rainy ... nearly every single day . 
  but aye , as said before , gulf stream . 
  ca n't say i fault the austrians , despite the cologne sexual assaults last year being sensationalised as being due to the syrian refugee crisis , the majority of the arrested perpetrators were north african 's ( about 106 out of 160 ) who 'd used it as cover for an easier time getting into the eu , along with a bunch of afghans . 
  we 're effectively getting everyone elses unwanted dross sneaking in along with people fleeing legitimate warzones . 
  the sultan is finally giving up the pretence of democracy then ? 
  look at all those skynet collaborators . 
  bastards . 
  i do n't think it is linked with us , think it 's the same for the rest of the uk too . 
  when i say `` colour '' for instance i tend to place some emphasis on the `` ur '' part , hence the spelling makes perfect sense to me for much the same reason `` color '' makes sense to you , a minor difference of inflections . 
  it was more an outburst of irritation with a pedant to be frank , given the originator of this threat was acting like a presumptuous smart-arse . 
  far as i 'm concerned both are fine , although i prefer `` colour '' to `` color '' as it makes sense in phonetic terms , i just do n't use it as a reason to lecture others as if they were talking to a simpleton . 
  no that 's got too many l 's , we need to remove one for no discernible purpose whatsoever and pretend it 's an improvement . 
  not our fault you decided to use noah websters us spelling bullshit , i imagine you too would be rather irritated if some non-native started lecturing you on how to spell works in lithuanian . 
  in the eu 's current state ? 
  no , absolutely not . 
  the eu needs substantial reorganisation to even home to coming close to an effective federal organisation . 
  at best i believe all you can hope for is increased economic and military ties , but i would n't cast my vote in favour of federalism unless a decisive plan was organised beforehand , along with proof that it could work . 
  as a scottish nationalist i have little interest in exchanging one uncaring . 
  buffoonish and incompetent master for another , so unless it 's proven to be a viable option count me out . 
  this the polish version of the daily mail ? 
  scotland looks about right , it 's practically never not raining . 
  they could always make them do a disappearing trick , and then for over a hundred years claim the rest of the world was suffering from a collective delusion over the events that took place , just like turkey . 
  / s on a more serious note , turkey has been in the wiggly zone of `` maybe '' for decades in regards to the eu , so byzantium could conceivably be classified as part of europe on a technicality if it still existed . 
  not a convincing one mind you , i imagine that if byzantium had survived it 'd be regarded as belonging to the boundaries between two cultural zones . 
  clearly we should restore byzantium , that 'll solve everything . 
  huh ... looks very similar to the giants causeway , must be a similar formation . 
  i dunno what iceland is up to with it 's church , but i like it a lot . 
  well , they decided to join an organisation that by its own admission are a bunch of fundamentalist warmongering genocidal slaver rapists , and apparently thought , `` sounds good to me '' . 
  i somewhat lack much sympathy if france decides to have them politely assassinated whilst they 're busy waging war in the name of those polices . 
  i was mostly talking about it in comparison to it 's lost grandeur . 
  20,000 was fairly standard for a decent sized city in the medieval period , but when surrounded by all those ruins it 'd look like some parochial little village in contrast . 
  pretty much , at it 's height rome probably had a population of nearly a million people , after the collapse it probably had a population of 20,000 at best , a village amongst it 's crumbling monoliths . 
  no , but at the very least she 's not president . 
  vigilance will be required regardless . 
  well , getting rid of the alt-right le pen is definitely a plus . 
  now you just need to keep macron 's neo-liberal `` third way '' ass on a tight leash . 
  given france 's propensity towards political protests and strikes , that may be possible . 
  still , i worry he might try and thatcherize your country . 
  remember to keep your eye on that ceta/ttip supporting arse . 
  so just another average day in turkey then ? 
  bad day for the world , good day for cheek breeki, 
  another pile of stiflingly contradictory articles which will inevitably be repeated ad-naseaum until something occurs to conclude this ... * sigh ... *, 
  probably not , there are far more prevailing issues in france now than there was back in 2002 , with the refugee crisis , isis attacks and growing anti-eu sentiment . 
  still i think marcon will probably get between 60-65 % of the vote , so we 're in fairly safe hands . 
  sooo ... we 're going to get a repeat of 2002 then ? 
  where every party that is n't extremely right-wing shuffles behind marcon ? 
  right-o . 
  i ca n't say i like marcon terribly much , his positions seem rather vague tbh , but if it was a choice between him and le pen i 'd know who i 'd choose . 
  i would n't be so sure , the fptp system and the threat of tory majority again would ensure a lot of tactical voting against the conservatives - as well as for , but not enough to change the balance of power - we might see them lose one or two seats , but without a strong labour i think they 're probably going to sit around the same . 
  welp , this will only strengthen snp power in the north , intolerable tory governance can not be accepted - and labour have proven themselves to be utterly debauched and incapable anyway - so i shall await a renewed referendum . 
  `` and they have no kebabs !, 
  what heretics ! '', 
  i like esoteric information and foxes . 
  they are floofy . 
  they 're alright , could do without the theocracy , but it was the brits and the us that deposed their democratically elected republic in the first place . 
  tbh i just hope the theocracy fails quietly , and iran just shifts back to being a republic again , without western interference/funding terrorist insurrections . 
  maybe in separate parts ? 
  * puts on a hopeful smile *, 
  in scotland it was primarily the poor and the destitute highlanders who 'd been driven off their lands during the brutal clearances and had nowhere else to go . 
  the only two options available were going to the cities and living lives as industrial workers - which given workers rights and wages at the time was pretty bad - or going to america and trying to make it there . 
  as for whether it effected the character i do n't believe so , the events surrounding their emigration certainly did but not the process of leaving itself . 
  fairly good , if y' know , we do n't stick with britain . 
  it 's kinda shite , i 'd prefer being an independent republic . 
  they can keep their fancy jewellery and titles , i 'm just not going to pay for their upkeep . 
  not really best or worse , but my oddest one was with a bunch of italian tourists . 
  basically i was walking around town after buying some milk , just woken up and rather mumbley - wanted my coffee to be honest - and did n't pay my surroundings any mind . 
  next thing i know , a hand claps down on the back of my shoulder , turns me around , and then i 'm face to face with this smiling italian gentleman asking me `` where is the castle ? '', 
  in the thickest italian accent i 've ever heard . 
  unfortunately due to having only just woken up , being surprised by the suddenness of the question , being spun around along with his accent i just stared at him in confusion . 
  after a few seconds of silence , and seeing that i did n't understand him he basically turned me around , patted me on my back and sent me on my way . 
  a few seconds later i realised what he was asking me once i 'd just turned the corner . 
  i kinda regretted not giving them directions afterwards , and for being slightly impolite , but tbh the encounter caught me off-guard . 
  mostly on my dad 's side , which on it 's paternal revealed an immense naval history including three men on the temeraire at trafalgar - our family name is distinctive comes from one village , and thus our relations are very easy to pick out . 
  the other half of his family through my paternal grandmother lived up in the northern isles , and we even have our great great great great grandfathers - who was a pilot , in the naval sense - photo up on the wall - he was born in the late 1790 's and died in the 1880 's , and a travelling photographer took his photo whilst he was in his sailing clothes , a factor which apparently he was n't very pleased about because he wanted to get into his sunday best . 
  further back it seems we 're related to a rather lively group of individuals known as the `` stroma pirates '' , of which their is a rich and rather amusing local history about if you wanted to peruse . 
  to put it simply they used boats based on the old norse longboat design to loot ships and rescue the crew that were being dragged into a nearby whirlpool known as the `` swilkie '' - which has continued to eat ships as late as the 1990 's - and were known bootleggers , rather delightful people by all accounts . 
  closer to the 20th century personal history our history takes a much darker and more tragic place , i 'd prefer not to go into that however , as it 's personal . 
  i will state however that the uk government did a terrible thing to my grandfather on purpose , and had systematically avoided responsibility for it as late as 2008 by using legal loopholes .
