  secondly i did n't say they refused to apologize ( belgium is n't turkey ) , only that an official apology is not high on the priorities list and in general has been left out of the political spectrum asides from individual politicians statements on the issue . 
  belgium furthermore is not alone in this , as my nations government is just as guilty of the same procrastination when it comes to sorting our nations dirty laundry ( henry morton stanley for instance , who 's recorded by francis burton of `` shooting blacks like monkeys '' , and who helped leopold set up the belgian congo , is still viewed as a hero her by simple omission of anything he did after meeting dr livingston ) . 
  finally the accusations of omission and other factors do n't come from me but from historians attempting to acquire information in the national archive and encountering opposition from colonial apologists and national restrictions on access , making their attempts difficult . 
  as far as i 'm aware this has happened to both belgian and foreign historians in the issue and had come up prominently in several interviews in documentaries i watched on the congo free state . 
  the veracity of these claims i suppose , is up for debate - given many papers were burned on leopold 's just before the cfs came under government control - but is not a condemnation of all belgians for obscuring the truth . 
  i apologize if i made it sound like i was demonizing belgium , as that was not the intent . 
  rather it was a criticism of many european nations ( and colonial apologist factions ) unwillingness to officially face their past and compensate the victims of it . 
  it certainly does stick with you if you look at it , but my point was that so few people do look at it , and in places more proud of their wealth and power in the 19th century the effects of colonialism are often ignored ( germany is something of an anomaly in this regard as it 's been forced to face a lot of unpleasant truths since wwii , but i think it 's come out the better for it ) . 
  as a citizen of the uk can strongly say that appreciation of `` empire '' and it 's glory is still fast and strong in the british identity . 
  a large portion of the population still think our colonial empire helped people , and they tend to wax nostalgic about how we bettered the world ( such as with the indian rail system , which people are oft to forget was simply put in there to make the extraction of wealth from india speedier and more efficient rather than help the locals ) . 
  i can say this personally influenced me in the direction of scottish civic nationalism , as with the british identity there has been no divide between the uk that was and the uk that is now , and i personally find our colonial history ( and the appreciation of it ) to be extremely disturbing . 
  in this regard i see scottish independence as a clean slate , a chance to right old wrongs and not tie ourselves to a nostalgic fantasy of the past , but a better and more moral future . 
  i believe we 'll be a better society in general if we do n't hide these things but own up to our mistakes and try and make up for them . 
  i do n't believe so , her mother did live to 102 though , so i would n't be surprised if lizzie reaches or surpasses that age ( what with all the advances in modern medicine and the like ) . 
  alternately , maybe david icke is right in postulating that the british royal family are all secretly reptilian aliens in disguise . 
  the belgian congo is one of those horrific tragedies of human justice that has often just been swept under the carpet tbh . 
  few if any remember it , and it has not stuck in popular memory , despite it being at the time the greatest scandal in 19th-20th century europe due to the horrific reports that were leaked out by christian missionaries . 
  in general it seems to have fallen out of public imagination , although some historians have managed to bring it to light again recently . 
  as far as i know , belgium has never officially apologized for the treatment of the congolese during that period in history , and there seems to be a general disposition not to talk about it on their part . 
  the lack of awareness i guess could be put up to multiple factors , 1 ) the congo free state under leopold worked as a self contained state , limiting the information that could get out and also ensuring that figuring out the extent of the atrocities would be next to impossible ( unlike the nazis ) 2 ) even now there are active monarchist factions who control access to belgium 's national archives , and who do not want leopold remembered in a `` disgraceful '' manner . 
  in the case of the aforementioned historians , they 're waging a war of omission by leaving out or removing documents detailing the extent of the horrors committed , making clear and accurate records of the cfs highly problematic 3 ) it has not maintained itself in the public imagination , and has generally fallen to the wayside of `` things we did during the colonial period we 're not particularly proud of but do n't want discussed '' , a bit like all the man-made famines in india the uk government caused . 
  speaking for myself , i only learned about the congo free state by looking through the background of henry morton stanley , the explorer ( who was also a horrible , horrible , horrible person ) who was heaving involved in leopold 's little private kingdom , and lord leverhulme who set up a historical trust in my nation for academics ( and who i learned profited immensely through brutal labour conditions in the cfs in the extraction of palm oil ) . 
  i can state that i was actively disgusted with the whole thing and i do consider it a form of genocide ( although i think in this case it was an industrial genocide pushed on by a lack of value in peoples lives , and a hunger to extract weath , rather than attempt at clear systematic cleansing of the congo ) . 
  there is a visceral nature to the atrocities recorded there which chills the blood even more than many other colonial acts of inhumanity , and which were seen as inhuman even at the time , eventually causing the cfs replacement with belgian government management ( which was still awful , but slightly less awful than before ) . 
  fundamentally i hope we can finally bring greater recognition to what occurred in the congo , and i further hope that we can finally bring peace and prosperity to the troubled nation itself ( it 's incessant violence could be seen as one of the lasting legacies of the cfs and the loss of nearly half it 's population ) . 
  it 's something that needs the same level of regret and reconciliation as the holocaust in my opinion . 
  hopefully this helps . 
  ah boris , true slav superstar . 
  well , this ca n't be good . 
  i hope tensions are resolved peacefully , but i ca n't say i have too much faith , the first war was violent enough ... 
  much superior , i shall change my terminology , thank you !, 
  the guardian 's quality has completely collapsed in the last few years , now it only spouts unverified bollocks and flails in hysteria , so i 've taken to calling it guardbreit , because it 's little better than breitbart . 
  so nothing out of the ordinary then ? 
  the jewish communities have been disappearing for the better part of 80 years as they leave for israel , is it any surprise to anyone that this is happening ? 
  well , this sounds stupid as fuck , even if plato and the like are white , their influence extended far beyond europe only , and played a large part in the islamic golden age . 
  tell the snowflakes to go screw themselves . 
  well , it 'd be a nice start to the year if this happened ... 
  yay !, 
  was n't he one of the last half competent sultans on the ottoman throne ? 
  aye but china 's core was more ethnically homogeneous than rome 's ever was , and even that did n't stop them repeatedly breaking apart and reunifying again every couple of centuries . 
  aye , but what i want to know is how long erdogan will stay put before he tries to claim the title for his new ottoman sultanate . 
  care to take a wager ? 
  empires rise ... and then they fall . 
  such is the nature of things . 
  as much as i consider that russia should be treated with caution ... frankly this all is becoming absolutely fucking ridiculous . 
  i 'm looking forward to this hysterical bullshit end so i do n't have to listen to how ever political setback is down to some fucking cabal by the `` russonati '' , take account of your failings already !, 
  this kind of shit reads like the paranoid ramblings of a mccarthy supporter , are we supposed to denounced suspected `` reds '' next ? 
  why ? 
  edit : oh wait , now i see ... 
  still does n't explain the kosovan mapmakers reasoning tho . 
  nah they did it in the 2014 referendum too , and much more extensively back then . 
  whenever disgruntled noises emerge from the scottish part of the uk , this stuff emerges in order to trivialise any real concerns we may have , it 's most irritating . 
  i am intrigued by `` strangely sympathetic '' ... 
  kingdom of the isles only really covered the western isles tho , which is skye and the like , shetland and orkney were mostly just controlled by a bunch of norse jarls . 
  they do n't really , hence why support for leaving scotland even if it went independent is only at 8 % in orkney . 
  the uk media just likes making a fuss over orkney and shetland because it 's useful for misdirection in the current nationalist/unionist divide , if they were actually interested in it they 'd have given them a special position already . 
  that 's certainly one possibility , reminds me of the uk 's deal with the isle of man , we provide military protection and take care of international affairs , they maintain autonomy in everything else . 
  despite that i do n't think it 'd come to that , and another settlement will probably be reached . 
  orkney and shetland have also been part of our state for the last 550 years or so , so they 're pretty culturally incorporated , there is no linguistic or cultural boundary as might exist in the case of \u00e5land or the isle of man ( although there used to be , and they even spoke a variant of old norse called norn until the 1700 's ) . 
  having said that however , the orcadians do have a very nice looking flag ... 
  orkney and shetland essentially got handed over as a marriage dowry to james iii upon his wedding to margaret of denmark and incorporated into scotland upon that ( i believe denmark was a bit short on cash at the time ) . 
  they could hold an independence referendum on it , but i do n't think people would be interested . 
  furthermore you hit the issue of orkney and shetland never having independent sovereignty so there is issues of legality to address amongst other things . 
  unless scotland really bollocks things up i ca n't see orkney and shetland having much of a desire to leave . 
  personally i 'd be happy in exploring increasing local autonomy however , and striking a favourable arrangement with the islanders over their concerns , that way everyone is pleased . 
  perhaps because you 're arguments did n't exist in the first place , besides a bus which said some nonsense about the nhs and magically disappeared , and immigrants . 
  the pro-brexit campaign was so badly articulated that it was a nightmare making sense of what you were arguing for , besides , we 'd be leaving behind profitable arrangements within the eu for decades of trade negotiations across the world as we try to `` start fresh '' , not exactly the most economically stimulating process . 
  also , it 's not me saying i 'd erect a hard border but simply quoting the numerous claims by westminster mp 's on what they 'd do if scotland went independent in the first place . 
  it 'll take some time to get back into the eu after being withdrawn against our will on the behalf of pro-brexit parts of the union , so there will be an intermediary period before that . 
  afterwards when were within the eu doubtlessly it 'll be under the conditions haggled out between the rump and the eu , which will probably involve economic conditions different to what was before , but will doubtless not cease in their entirety . 
  so if we accept those stats then what ? 
  england 's just going to `` hard border '' us if we go independent in eu and lose out on 45 billion ? 
  you did n't exactly answer that question . 
  it 'd still be like cutting off your own nose to spite your face . 
  `` neither scotland , nor the uk get to make that decision any more . 
  now it 's the eu28 and uk striking a deal . 
  and scotland has to accept whatever deal that is . '', 
  the incumbent government in westminster is negotiating it 's position to leave the eu , which means it can still establish the terms in which it is leaving with the eu representatives after the activation of article 50 , and given the status of efta and the eea there certainly a lot of possibilities to chose from . 
  but you 're right of course because the pro-brexit campaigners made the primary issue about immigration , which they want greater control over . 
  this puts us in the position of hard brexit , as control over borders directly contravenes the eu 's foundation of free movement of trade and people , hence making hard brexit an inevitability because the pro-brexit public voted for it . 
  the pro-brexit politicians had their chance to create more possibilities than this , but they screwed it up completely by making it about an issue of which there can only be two alternatives , leave totally or not leave at all . 
  `` scotland is going to be one of the least impacted . 
  england is going to take the brunt of the economic fallout . '', 
  so our supposed biggest market topples and we get out without a scratch ? ... 
  yeah that kind of thing has a nation wide impact , we 'll be getting it just as badly as you , if not more so . 
  not to mention the sudden loss of that nice 11 billion from the eu as well . 
  `` ah , the flip of a coin . 
  a grand plan . '', 
  better than the brexiteer 's plan , which is apparently no plan at all . 
  `` which makes no sense , because a scotland inside the eu and outside of the eu would be hit much worse due to a hard brexit than a scoland inside the uk and outside the eu . . '' not true , the eu invested a lot of money into scotland and the removal of that could have just as major impact as leaving the uk will . 
  tbh we 're not looking for the supposed `` perfect deal '' because it 's now apparent there is n't one , we 're fucked either way so now we 're weighing our options on which road will ensure we 're less fucked for a shorter amount of time . 
  personally , given westminster doddering and consistent failures in economics , i ca n't see that being with them . 
  `` the majority of scotlands trade is with the uk , not the eu . '', 
  correction , the majority of our exports go through england , but there is no account of how much of this is trade with england and trade through england . 
  a lot of scottish goods simply get shuffled down the line to more extensive trade ports south of the border , and sent across to the mainland . 
  unless there is a definitive study on whether the majority of our trade is with the uk i do n't exactly see that a legitimate claim . 
  furthermore , the claim 's of westminster governments forming a `` hard border '' are just as daft , as if it is as you claim , then they 'd cut off one of their largest markets for goods at a time of immense uncertainty . 
  `` the scottish public do n't really understand the complexities of hard/soft brexit yet . 
  they hear ` hard brexit ' and that sounds bad to them . 
  something to be avoided . '',
