  already the intermediate period of tory thumb shuffling is having a negative effect on the uk 's economic situation , and discussions on a full pull out of the eu all state that we 'll loose billions on revenue . 
  it 's become apparent that if we do this we 'll be the biggest losers in this affair , so we 're well aware of what 's going to happen whilst the merry brexiteer 's pretend everything is perfect and it 'll all go smashingly . 
  also that came across incredibly patronising and hypocritical given that the brexiteering public did n't understand anything of their original campaign to begin with . 
  `` they 're right , but they 're wrong that independence is the way to avoid it . 
  it just turns the impact it 'll have up to 11 and will make things so much worse . '', 
  the people have a choice here , they can choose what is turning out to be an obvious disaster lead by a government without a plan , or they can chance it on independence which is something of an unknown still . 
  50/50 it 's a success or failure , but even if it does fail it could mean a less enduring economic decline than what we 'll face with brexiteering britain . 
  i think many people are willing to chance it rather than accept their fate of economic downturn , enhanced austerity and increasingly invasive surveillance measures . 
  probably , but they 'll leave behind lots of ikea furniture , which will help with repair costs . 
  it 's gunna be a slow burn campaign rather than a snap referendum i imagine , perhaps once may has stopped procrastinating we 'll see more firmly were interests lay , particularly because pro-independence groups gained a sizable majority for yes when the question of `` hard '' brexit was pushed into the indyref picture . 
  apparently , depending on where you are along the wall , they were built between the 12th-17th century . 
  so at least with some bits it 's true . 
  i meant more about what it means to be compared to it . 
  what 's all the references to frisia about ? 
  asides from occasional jokes about how they exchanged territorial annexation for economic anschluss , no not really . 
  germany these days just seems to sit in the centre of europe , drink beer and be moderate and industrious . 
  i think you 'd have to be a real whacko to believe that the eu represents some form of german reich . 
  besides , if it is a new german reich , then it 's a pretty rubbish one . 
  all of it 's constituent parts wo n't stop arguing with each other over stuff , and one part of it ran off to make itself `` great again '' despite the wide-scale economic setbacks of doing so , very inefficient . 
  erdogan is glorious leader of best turkey , all deviants should be `` re-educated '' on how erdogan is our righteous guide on the path to glory , such crimes as tea refusal undermine glorious people 's republic of turkey and are deserving of the harshest punishment !, 
  / s praise be to glorious sulta-i mean leader !, 
  now where is that giant bronze statue we ordered from north korea ? 
  i find it interesting that they 're the last ( pseudo ) state with a hammer and sickle on their flag . 
  sure , but as i said , they would n't voice any opposition so long as it went through the proper legal requirements . 
  an udi and attempt to join the eu would assuredly result in their opposition because it 'd invigorate the catalonian campaign . 
  however i think the possibility of the snp udi'ing is rather slim , even if westminster did clamp down on a second referendum bill . 
  not really , there is no constitutional grounds to deny it ( mostly because there is no written constitution ) , and any attempt to do so runs the chance of entering a political quagmire due to the differing legal systems of scotland and england . 
  futhermore an attempt to legislate in such a manner would ensure the next time the issue came up and came to a vote , westminster would most assuredly lose . 
  it 'd be political suicide in my opinion , to attempt to overrule the referendum set down in the snp manifesto , and which they ( and the pro-independence greens ) were then elected into power with about 50 % of the vote on . 
  as for may 's attempts to make big proclamations , i do n't hold them in much worth . 
  cameron made the same noises around the time of the first referendum , but in the end he acceded to have a referendum on the topic . 
  not really surprising to me personally and i doubt it is to nicola , but we did have to take all political considerations into account , especially because early on the other three parties of the scottish parliament supported such an idea . 
  if the snp had n't done this , doubtless the tories , lib dems and labour would have started squealing like stuck pigs about how `` the snp have failed to take into account all possibilities for brexit '' and are `` champing at the bit for excuses to declare independence '' , which is their typical dollops of `` snp bad snp bad snp bad '' bullcrap . 
  regardless , if the next referendum is a yes i doubt spain will raise any concerns . 
  certainly from what i 've read , the spanish government do n't seem to oppose a correct and legal withdrawal from the uk on scotland 's part . 
  tbh the eu currently seems to be looking on us much more favourably than in the last referendum anyway , now that brexit has come to pass . 
  i think we 've got a fair chance of being fast-tracked through it , or alternated we could join the eea , depending on public support . 
  ah , sultan erdogan instilling `` true turkish values '' into the hearts and minds of seven year olds , how glorious . 
  / s i hope you guys find some way of ridding yourselves of him , the daft old coot has gone mad with power , ataturk is probably 360 ` ing in his grave . 
  that 's some pretty serious border gore going on ... 
  pretty sure `` fire worshippers '' refers to the zoroastrians . 
  gorgeous . 
  i hope not , it 's bad enough looking at trump 's terrible haircut , do n't need his being pushed into my field of vision . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how he even managed to gain the means to get past security , idk ... there is something very fishy about this , does n't sit right , lets hope for more details . 
  ... they sound almost jealous . 
  the wars of edward i , ii and iii were all attempts to annex us into the english state in a comparable situation to that of wales . 
  after that you 're correct to some degree , usually the invasions were usually related to the auld alliance and the hundred years war , which forced england to pull back forces from france to deal with incursions in the north . 
  regardless , for about a 90 year period , across numerous kings there were attempts to extend plantagenet rule northwards . 
  political attempts continued for much longer , and as late as henry viii - who attempted to claim control of scotland through a forced dynastic marriage with mary queen of scots , called the `` rough wooing '' - the english kings were still claiming sovereignty over the scottish kingdom , so there was always an edge of that in any conflicts that we fought . 
  regardless , you must admit that you were n't that brilliant at pacifying us , given the amount of times you had to come up here . 
  yes , and he does n't understand how the uk works either , so he 's a damned fool as well . 
  nobody , the act of union was the result of an economic crisis and a long term dynastic union with england after the scottish kings inherited the english throne on the death of elizabeth i , who had no heirs . 
  england tried to conquer scotland many times in the past , and failed every time it tried . 
  only cromwell was remotely successful in occupying scotland and that was with the help of part of the nation , and promptly collapsed on his death due to being economically unsustainable . 
  it is a false equivalence because the political systems and historical situations are not remotely comparable , and the uk consists of multiple nations working in conjunction , not one . 
  futhermore , the act of union is a political settlement that is n't enshrined into any constitution or binding lawcode , nor does it forbid the leaving of the union , and thus can be dissolved at the discretion of either partner if sufficient support is found . 
  the refusal of westminster to acknowledge the self-determination of part of nations that exist within that union would be political suicide , and thus the government is left with no option but to deal with the resultant referendum . 
  furthermore , the current ruling party of scotland was elected on the mandate that if substantial change occured in the condition of the uk - specifically success of brexit - then a campaign for a second referendum would be considered legitimate in their eyes . 
  this condition was met , and thus the snp have legitimate criteria for demanding a second referendum , especially given independence supporting parties gained well over 50 % of the vote in scotland during the uk election , and a majority of seats in the scottish parliamentary election . 
  the latter part of your commentary is incoherent and tangential , so i wo n't address it . 
  nice false equivalence you 've got there , you must have failed every history class you ever took if you think this is remotely comparable . 
  nice to see someone is prepared , then again they there the only ones remotely ready to deal with the brexit debacle when it kicked off in the first place . 
  i understand completely . 
  there used to be a time i felt shocked by terrorist attacks , but nowadays it 's as you say , `` normal '' . 
  maybe it 's because i 've lived most of my life during a neverending cycle of attacks from 9/11 onwards , but i barely even blink at it now . 
  paris did n't surprise me and neither did the somalian stabber . 
  there is something terribly troubling in the fact that i can read about 200 people getting killed or injured and just shrug it off with a sigh , but i guess this is how the world works now . 
  terrorism just finds new ways to reach even lower for me , it feels like we 're living in a cursed world . 
  i felt part of my faith in humanity die when i read about that . 
  i 'm pretty sure roman concrete uses a specific form of volcanic ash in it 's production which functioned as a strong binding agent , which is why things made out of it from that era have lasted so long . 
  we only learned that recently by analysis , but it looks like it could have some influence on civil engineering in the future . 
  being part of britain right now is like being part of the franklin expedition , except the boats on fire , everyone is running about panicking , and the steersman 's drunk wo n't stop singing about how `` britannia rules the waves '' . 
  i have half a mind to take my scottish paddle-boat and try and sail back to the mainland . 
  better chances than staying in this burning wreck of delusional insanity . 
  i 'm personally not really that relieved , especially given that fillon has some strange idea 's too ... 
  actually with the 2014 census the population does drop by 200,000 people , they did leave . 
  in comparison those identifying as russian only grows about 40-50 ,000 , which i ca n't put down to anything more than natural growth . 
  so either it 's a case by case basis , or it does n't seem remotely common . 
  not really , if you look at a map you 'll notice that the borders of the russian federation is only a couple of miles from crimea . 
  they might have to boat across goods , but that 's about it and given it 's an important naval installation area it should n't be an problem . 
  the tartar 's boycotted it , hence the result . 
  we 're not a region , and we never have been . 
  aye , there was a demographic shift around about the annexation , large part of the ukrainian population left , about 200,000 people out of the original 570,000 , gives the russian majority even more of a majority . 
  whilst i 'm not certain on how accurate the referendum was ( the tartar population boycotted it and there was the presence of unmarked military personnel too ) i do n't think ukraine will ever get crimea back . 
  the demographics are 58 % ethnic russian , 11 % crimea tartar and only 17 % ukrainian , and there were rumblings before hand about autonomy , as well as the fact that ukraines territorial sovereignty over it was only established in 1954 and does n't have a historical basis before then . 
  the donbass is another question all together , i think ukraine might ( hopefully ) be able to get that back . 
  the main reason as suggested before is that russia want 's to ensure it 's military interests in sevastopol ( mainly having un-frozen ports for their fleet in the azov and black sea , which was originally a tenuous agreement with the ukrainians ) . 
  i think once they saw the maidan they decided ukraine was `` unreliable '' and went for the most direct approach to ensuring their military interests in the region through the annexation . 
  with ukraine 's renewed interest in nato now due to that , i ca n't see the russians letting go without a fight . 
  pretty much , when he got fed up of the assassins he sent this to stalin : `` to joseph stalin : stop sending people to kill me !, 
  we 've already captured five of them , one of them with a bomb and another with a rifle ... 
  if you do n't stop sending killers , i 'll send a very fast working one to moscow and i certainly wo n't have to send another . '', 
  safe to say , stalin stopped trying . 
  more rambling bollocks from the uk 's blustering beer coated frog party , i have no idea how he 's even popular down south . 
  well someone did snarkily raise the idea of handing it over to the ossetians , who are the people with the closest kinship with the scythians through the alan culture , but when i pointed out that it was n't an entirely ridiculous proposition i got downvoted to hell for it . 
  apparently it 's only acceptable to side with two groups with no cultural or ethnic affinity with the treasure in question . 
  pretty much , i 'm concerned that if it goes to crimea right now it 'll disappear like the aforementioned romanian treasury . 
  better to wait until diplomatic tensions have cooled , i 'd much rather have it be displayed for public appreciation than locked in some dark vault somewhere . 
  last i looked the population of crimea was still 11 % crimean tartar , so i do n't see the point of that . 
  anyway it 's not my decision to make , and i figure it 'll stay in ukraine until diplomatic tensions cool anyway , making it a moot point .
