  explodia , a country so violent it does n't exist anymore . 
  the uk does n't have the constitutional securities spain does over referenda . 
  given the situation in both nations is remarkably different politically , the comparison is not particularly apt . 
  we 'll get it , not allowing it would basically ensure that the next one was a total yes victory , if may wants to keep the uk together then she 's going to have to gamble on it . 
  were there any developments on the anti-corruption protests ? 
  it kinda fell under the radar . 
  our buses are single doors , so i say thank you when i get off . 
  ... what ? 
  i consider it disturbing , you ca n't put a price tag on human life . 
  westminster is trying to make the health service like the us system via wide scale privatization , i fundamentally oppose that on principle . 
  thankfully the scottish government is acting as a buffer in that regard , so our nhs is in good hands ... for now . 
  about 840-860 i guess for the nation itself , with a developing national conscience following the wars of independence in the 14th century . 
  technically speaking we could go back further to the roman occupation and the formation of the pictish confederation in the 4th century when the distinction between `` free '' and `` unfree '' brythonic peoples emerged , especially because there is no distinct point in which the pictland stopped existing and scotland began . 
  apparently one of my classmates girlfriend 's grandfather was the youngest bog body in scotland . 
  he went for a walk across the moor to work in the 1960 's , got lost or stuck and then drowned . 
  they dug up his perfectly preserved corpse 40 years later , although apparently it 's since been reburied . 
  another interesting case is that of the [ cladh hallan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cladh_hallan ) body , or should i say , bodies as it 's actually made out of multiple people who 'd been reassembled by prehistoric tribespeople . 
  depends how late you play it in game , also ck2 + makes the entire process a delicious nightmare to reform without causing the empire to collapse due to corruption . 
  one of my best games involved restoring byzantium through the palaiologos dynasty after the 4th crusade , jumping up from a mere count to the duke of crete , and then forcing the current dynasty off the imperial throne via a coup , reclaiming constantinople and killing the latin empire , expelling the venetians , dealing with twelve jihads for anatolia , engaging in mass scale kabab removal and bringing it back pre-manzikert borders within two centuries . 
  also thanks to hospital infrastructure , constantinople survived the black death completely unharmed . 
  also somehow the zoroastrians managed to restore the persian empire in that game , i was squeeing a lot during it , and we took turns beating the shit out of the egyptian caliphate lead by saladin 's dynasty . 
  i have an impulsive urge to restore byzantium and to remove kebab whilst playing them in ck2 . 
  the epithet ` hammer of the scots ' was however given to him anachronistically , his actual nickname was `` longshanks '' during his own time period due to standing at about six foot in height . 
  [ james ii `` fiery face '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_ii_of_scotland ) , known for his explosive temper and large birthmark across his face ( hence the name ) , he later died due to his love of cannons as one misfired and exploded on him when he was retaking roxburgh castle from the english , which is pretty ironic tbh . 
  i remember eating snails in a french restaurant up here , my thoughts were essentially `` huh ... 
  i wonder why we do n't do this too . '', 
  tbh they kinda reminded me of eating chewier gnocchi , it was quite enjoyable . 
  i 'll admit to doing this , mostly because czechoslovakia rolls off the tongue easier than the czech republic or slovakia , it 's usually followed by me correcting myself for making the error , but habits die hard . 
  we do n't have anything definitive , but i 'd say [ robert the bruce ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_the_bruce ) would fit the position nicely , as the wars of independence were pivotal for the emergence of a national consciousness and polity independent to that of england . 
  salty islamists are salty , apparently . 
  i alway 's kinda viewed charlemagne as the father of europe , given his empire pretty much resulted in the foundation of a lot of our current states when it broke up ( or their predecessors at least ) . 
  well he could , but to be honest it 'd be the most unjustified war in us history and probably result in him being impeached , so just maybe it 'd be for the best . 
  same piece of shite as always , still unwelcome up here , we 'll keep the mexican flags up near his golf course, 
  not really , i 'm politically left-wing - with a few exceptions - and a civic nationalist normally , so i vote snp . 
  the bnp is a fragmentary nazi-wannabe joke filled with scumbags and even if i ignored ukip 's politics , it basically only represents english interests , not the rest of the isles . 
  uh ... yes ? 
  the poles and the romanians migrant workers are very reliable sorts from my experience , i live rurally and the local farmhands are mostly poles , very nice friendly people , often more experienced than locally sourced workers . 
  i guess cuz of brexit we wo n't be having all those seasonal workers anymore , time to watch all the brexiteering farmers lose half of their workforce , nevermind the eu grants they get . 
  brexit has resulted in westminster turning into fawning cretins , pawing at his coat tails for a economic bone because they 're so desperate for support , so yeah . 
  in scotland not really , no rise in hate crimes , no rise of the alt-fascists , although arguably the mostly centre-left ( although far left in terms of uk politics these days ... ) snp cornered the market on civic nationalism before all this shit kicked off . 
  in england and elsewhere ukip seems to be revitalised and growing extensively , and both labour and the tories are now reaching further and further right to appeal to voters anyway , so we 're going to see more extreme policies regardless . 
  i would n't really consider us a peculiar case , as this is the same for practically all nations in europe . 
  smaller ones joined or were annexed into bigger ones and regional identities either shift or remain in place , hence explaining all the minorities such as the breton 's in france , the basque in spain , the sami in scandinavia ect . 
  as for germany , i know about the holy roman empire , but in terms of a unified national identity that was a result of the 19th century and the napoleonic wars . 
  it was the pressure of others which fundamentally shifted towards a merging of culture under the branch description of `` german '' rather than being defined by region or principality/kingdom . 
  much the same you can see scottish national identity begin to make it 's first tentative steps after the wars of independence due to continued pressure from english conquest for the better part of a century . 
  this pressure cumulated in a identity that had previously been unspoken/undefined , as well as severing of transnational ties with england , although it remained a fairly indistinct idea until the 19th century with all it 's romantic literature sharpened it 's features . 
  in general , nations themselves tended to vastly precede national identity , as those in the past tended to determine themselves by regional identities that were slowly subsumed into the kingdom , for instance , a man from galloway might see himself as a `` galwegian within the scottish kingdom '' before the 19th century . 
  there was a general notion of scots and scotland however , much like there was a notion of germans and germany in the long past , but these factors only became clarified until later on . 
  overall i 'd say we were a celtic nation , however that does n't necessarily exclude other identities , it 's just a statement about the general cultural affinity and loose knit transnational culture of said group , and merely speaks for the predominant cultural identity of said location . 
  i believe the same could just as well be said of the nordics as nobody would doubt their cultural ties . 
  except if we 're talking geographically , the majority of scotland was celtic . 
  before the anglo-saxon invasion of gododdin , a brythonic nation of the same origin as alt clut ( the kingdom of strathclyde ) lowland scotland was essentially occupied by celtic cultures . 
  as for the foreignness of gaelic , that might be true for a specific perspective but we have little idea on how it became to predominate - the union of dalriada and pictland is obscure , but it does seem to have been amiable given the early kings of scotland are referred to as `` the kings of picts and scots '' until at least the late 10th century - with settlements in both ireland and scotland for a considerable time that could have lead to it 's popularisation as a trade language , and later the language of the court - there is also the factor that scots and irish gaelic are not mutually intelligible , so we essentially made it ours in the end anyway rendering it a moot point . 
  with latter invasions by the norse and the reconquest of lothian other cultures were added , but unlike the norse or gaelic connection the cumbric identity disappeared into the mists of time and now does n't really exist . 
  as for scottish identity , you 're right , it came out during the 19th century , but you forget to mention that all national identities - as we understand them - did this during that time , including most prominently german . 
  we were no more late comers than anyone else , as nationalism as we comprehend it is a modern development . 
  as for the latter opinion , we define ourselves by the existing cultures within our nation , certainly the northern and western isles remain with distinctive local character ( although this begun slowly disappearing ) , which is part of why there was a lot of connections drawn with the nordics during the scottish referendum , as well as with ireland ( especially now ) . 
  cumbric identity has disappeared so there is little point embracing it , as next to nothing of it remains due to nearly 1000 years of being part of the scottish nation . 
  so we do n't feel the need to define ourselves by something dead and forgotten . 
  better instead to focus on the existing english minority within scotland as at least there is some cultural distinctiveness there . 
  dude , you 're responding to something from two weeks ago . 
  america ? 
  is it that newfangled `` new world '' thing i hear the spanish talk about ? 
  it 's a bit hard to have an opinion on something that it 's a homogenized whole ... 
  england , because it 's so guddamn flat . 
  i end up praying for rolling hills at some points because i just find the flatness to be so boring . 
  i imagine the catalonian 's will probably udi at some point , there is little other choice when it comes to the constitution of spain , whether madrid is willing to enforce it 's borders by force of arms is another question entirely , i doubt they will in this case but it 's not entirely impossible . 
  either way however there wo n't be many people to welcome them when they leave , i imagine the eu will keep them at arms length and there could be a fair amount of economic damage brought on by that , whether that 'll force them back into spain or not is something of a 50/50 situation . 
  i imagine it 'll be a hard few years after breaking away . 
  regardless , harsh times ahead for catalonia if it goes through with it . 
  scotland : well , we 're possibly going to elected an ex kurdish refugee to one of our council constituencies ... 
  i 'd say it 's pretty positive . 
  i personally knew about it because my dad has knowledge of the various groups in the middle east , but i will admit the awareness of the kurdish situation is a pretty recent thing in general public awareness . 
  i think the general outlook in europe is positive , if you wanted to cut it down simply , you guys are kicking the ass of isis , and anyone who beats the shit out of those fuckers deserves our respect . 
  i think that was more of a matter of being disinterested in getting rid of them on both ends , the queen has been on the throne for so long that there was little appeal to change , she 's sorta become part of the fabric of the uk ( the others are less well looked upon , particularly charles for being something of a dithering fop ) . 
  there was and still is republican sentiments on both sides , but by in large it was n't a big issue . 
  i imagine if it was put up to a vote , the monarchy would probably prevail simply due to inertia , although the result would most likely be less certain if you were to ask the public if they 'd want the monarchy abolished after the queens death . 
  scotland : not frequently , but the excessive fawning over the royals becomes progressively more barren the further north you go , it barely existed in northern england from my perspective and declined into nothingness up here ( i 've only met one person who had an interest in them , and he was ... peculiar ) . 
  i 'd say we tolerate their existence and do n't really give a damn about them otherwise . 
  personally i 'd rather get rid of them officially , let them shift into becoming like the remaining european royals , but then i have republican sentiments and most people do n't , or do n't care . 
  one of the burgeoning new powers in africa , princess spam and the boko haram conflict - which apparently has recently been won whilst nobody was looking . 
  nah , old french was used fairly widely throughout england , ireland , scotland , france ( of course ) , sicily , the crusader states and switzerland and the low countries . 
  i believe it was also used in the hre as well to some degree . 
  pretty much , they held roxburgh and other territories for a considerable time after the wars of independence , but inch by inch it was retaken . 
  the situation was much the same in france during the 100 years war , by the end of it all they held was calais , and that was promptly retaken another 100 years after that . 
  in general the english `` empires '' tended to expand very fast under competent leadership ( edward i , edward iii , henry v ) , but then promptly collapse once such leadership was removed ( such as in the case of john i , who lost the angevin territories , edward ii who lost any sway in scotland after bannockburn , and henry vi who was erratic and somewhat mentally unhinged - although to be fair , his loss of his fathers territorial successes was more to do with him being a baby ), 
  nope , it 's recorded in the historical sources that edward was insulted by berwick deciding to hold out against his armies , he declared that they would be given no quarter , so when he took it almost the entire population was slaughtered along with the baltic and german merchants who 'd stuck with the locals . 
  actually courtly french was the language of most of the nobility of western europe for the majority of the medieval period . 
  latin was the language of the church and learning however , so you 're partly right . 
  berwick i suppose ? 
  we lost it to england during the wars of independence and edward i slaughtered all the cities inhabitants and repopulated it with english serfs and burghers . 
  after that it changed hands a lot , but because of the population being replaced it stayed relatively staunchly english . 
  recently there seems to have been some change in views ( appears a fair number of them consider themselves scottish , either due to repopulation or other factors ) but i doubt it 'll come of anything . 
  if scotland happens to go independent at some point , i imagine it 'll remain part of english territory . 
  do n't be greedy now france , you linguistically dominated europe during the medieval period . 
  ca n't think of anything particularly desirable off the top of my head , maybe more pie ? 
  well given superheroes are essentially america 's replacement for it 's lack of classical/pagan mythology , we do n't really see much need or have much interest in them . 
  i think people should be able to voluntarily end their lives if they feel it 's become unbearable , although i 'd expect some level of strict regulation to sort out the temporarily suicidal from people who 're permanently in agony . 
  it certainly should n't be impulsive , and should be thought out before hand .
