  does n't seem to be much of a divide between woodland and cityscape in finland ... honestly i kinda like that idea , as unintentional as it probably is . 
  i think pointing out the daily mail 's fascist past and implying that it 's always been lowbrow trash would not traditionally dictate a tendency to favour the alt-right , but i guess the distance between satire and reality has become vastly diminished in recent years . 
  it was sarcasm . 
  eh , i 'd say it 's always been like that to be honest , this is the same newspaper that ran with the title [ `` hurrah for the blackshirts '' ] ( https://offgraun.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/hurrah-for-the-blackshirts.jpg?w=640 ) when fascism was on the rise . 
  it was basically breitbart before breitbart was cool . 
  spectacular . 
  i suppose it 'll suffice , just remember to add a few aquila 's here and there for good measure . 
  uppity pretenders stealing the glory of rome then ? 
  you should show them up by building the fanciest and most elaborate waterworks you can think of , then again , rome of ages past has already done so for you !, 
  i imagine the better choice would be the euro in this situation , as the pound sterling has n't been doing too well recently . 
  i did n't say it was mate , hence why it did n't go anywhere . 
  who ever said the germans could n't be roman !, 
  this amuses me , but i am not surprised , i 've found a lot of non-native speakers actually know better english than us natives . 
  did you actually read anything i said there ? 
  i said that a strong conservative win was not certain during the 2014 period , and that it was predicted another minority government would occur . 
  indeed if you actually look back at the news leading up to the 2015 parliamentary elections you 'd see that being featured quite prominently . 
  there would be no way the conservative party could have pushed the referendum on the eu otherwise . 
  secondly as i stated before , brexit directly reopened the question as it was set out within the snp mandate that if it occurred , they 'd reconsider a new referendum , which they were promptly elected on . 
  as all other measures before this to put forward an alternative to hard brexit have failed , i believe we have a right to re-evaluate our relationship with the uk , as it 's what our representatives were elected on . 
  the success of the conservative party was not a sure thing , i actually recall people were expecting another minority government at the time , and the chance of a brexit victory was minimal back then at best . 
  despite this the snp included as part of their electoral mandate that they 'd reopen the independence question if substantial change occurred , directly naming brexit as one such possibility . 
  they were elected in scotland with nearly 50 % of the vote on this mandate . 
  as for the rest , your right we do live in a democracy , and as such we are open to changing our minds on such issues . 
  you claim we 're trying to bulldoze our personal hopes and dreams on the rest of the nation , but brexit and the overruling of the sewel convention only proves that england does just the same . 
  our elected representatives will follow through with what they 're elected on , and i assume yours will do the same . 
  we 're now sitting on a 49/51 situation , in which a changed result has a real chance of happening ( and which you seem determined to completely ignore ) , especially with another campaign on the horizon that will probably be slated for 2019 . 
  the uk situation has never been more unstable and unpredictable , but if you want to ignore the issue that 's fine by me , i 'll see you on the other side . 
  well given unionist media dominated the last referendum , i see this as evening the playing field somewhat . 
  as for the latter , much has been made of it , much like the jump in the worth of the pound ( which compared to it 's collapse was a minor blip ) but i 'd be more inclined to look at what 's actually happening on the ground , and what 's happening there is a progressive migration of a fair number of industries elsewhere due to their dependency on the single market . 
  yours is just whining about how we 're stealing your money , meanwhile ignoring the growth in yes which is present in the actual article above , and being completely oblivious to the political ramifications brought on by brexit . 
  this would n't have happened in any other situation , but westminster just had to fail every promise it ever made during the 2014 campaign and rampage itself into hard brexit . 
  well ai n't you saltier than monte kali . 
  well it 's a legal requirement that we 'd form our own currency anyway to follow through with the legal proceedings into that , so it 's going to happen regardless . 
  as for there being a legal precedent for adopting the euro this is true , although as we 've seen with a fair number of nations involved in the eu , decades long procrastination is also available . 
  ultimately we 'll see how it goes , asides from big shocks it can be pretty hard to guess the economic future most places . 
  nope , unionists ai n't even getting a 5-10 % lead anymore , the chances are real that we 'll go independent , especially with the conservatives having a civil war and labour trying to re-enact the assassination of julius caesar with corbyn . 
  the salt is strong in this one . 
  there has been lots of explosions and fireworks and people running around screaming recently , i imagine it 's fun to watch from a safe distance . 
  well given a fair number of states have managed to procrastinate on the issue for a decade or more , and the general malaise over extending the eurozone after greece , i believe we 'll have a fair chance of staying out . 
  if having such a free floating currency will be such a disastrously unstable thing for us , why does the eu consist of numerous parts which have no involvement in the euro , and have maintained their currency since they joined ? 
  we 'll survive like every other nation that set up a new currency did , of which there are dozens of examples . 
  seeing what the euro does to small economies ... particularly greece ? 
  noooooooooooooooo thank you . 
  well they can allow a plebiscite , or they can deal with the political fallout of denying scotland one and the certainty that the next time they 're forced to capitulate on the issue , they 'll lose . 
  nah , that 'd be if scotland was allowed to remain the eu whilst also remaining in the uk . 
  we 'd probably develop our own currency , which 'd be a relatively sound policy tbh . 
  well it might just if y' know , westminster had n't shat it 's pants and committed to a potentially disastrous political move which has isolated it from it 's european partners , or had actually delivered on it 's campaign policies which won it the 2014 referendum , or hell , went for soft brexit . 
  instead while the uk political scene panics , runs around screaming and procrastinates , it 's done nothing but dither . 
  it reminds me of a quote about james buchanan actually : `` meanwhile the nation 's chief executive , james buchanan , did nothing . '', 
  -- ken burns , `` the civil war '', 
  well i 'm glad you do n't get to decide anything then . 
  perhaps , but if we leave after brexit we 'll be hit hard by the first wave of economic collapse in the uk , this could seriously damage our economic stability if we remain in . 
  there are upsides for doing it during negotiations too , as westminster 's attention will be occupied with brexit , meaning the full powers of media will be at half mast for most of the referendum and it would get us out before brexit hits . 
   `` because the 2014 ref was slated as a ` once in a generation event ' , another likely wo n't be held until the 2030s . 
  the conservatives are almost guaranteed to be in power that far ahead , and they will wait until the very latest to permit one . '', 
  an offhand comment by salmond , not a campaign commitment , there was no legislation written down dictating such terms . 
   `` this is fair , because the eu referendum was proposed in jan 2013 , and the ` european question ' had become a major issue as early as mid-2012 after the rise of ukip . 
  this is much earlier than the scottish referendum of sep 2014 , thus truly no unforeseen ` circumstantial change ' has occurred to validate another referendum in the eyes of westminster , and thus in many peoples ' eyes scotland voted to remain part of the uk regardless of what its future would be in europe . '', 
  the idea of an eu referendum was for the most part still an unexpected thing during this period of time . 
  nobody expected the tories to succeed as well as they did during it , and furthermore the idea of an brexit victory remained remote . 
  the snp however included the promise in their electoral mandate that if significant circumstantial change did happen , naming directly the success of a leave vote in a eu referendum , then it 'd be cause for a reconsideration of a second vote . 
  they were promptly elected on this with around about 50 % of the vote in scotland . 
   `` building from knowledge gathered from the last 2 referendums , a new independence question will far less generous to the independence campaign than it was last time . 
  there will be no semantically positive ` yes ' and downcast ` no ' options , maybe even ` remain ' and ` leave ' will be used again . 
  the referendum may even be called something far less sexy , like a referendum on scottish secession , and these factors will prevent the independence campaign from being as overly and unjustly manipulatively ` positive ' as in 2014 . '', 
  - entirely hypothetical and spurious , as much as you press the original campaign as `` unjustly manipulatively positive '' , if you tried to press this idea then it would be westminster being `` unjustly manipulatively negative '' . 
   `` the scottish economic situation has collapsed , with higher unemployment than in the rest of the uk , an economy which grew 3 times slower than the entire uk 's did in the third quarter of last year , at 0.2 % and 0.6 % respectively , the vastly lower price of oil , tied with an ever-aging population in a area that does n't attract as many young migrants as england does . '', 
  the economical damage of brexit renders this something of a moot point . 
   `` if scotland leaves the uk to join the eu as a new member , which it almost certainly will have to now , scotland will be made to join all instruments of the eu . 
  federalists are n't going to let scotland have opt-outs and concessions just to spite the uk , because that will risk the entire project as other countries realise that the age of 1970s-style negotiation is n't over , further complicating future expansion and the adoption of single monetary and financial policies . '', 
  - again another spurious argument , there is little to suggest any of this , and the eu loses nothing by negotiating fairly with the scottish government , as any attempt by england and wales to hamper such affairs would be a diplomatic incident and not remotely in their favour . 
   `` this means that scotland would have to join the schengen area and eventually the euro currency , both of which are not popular ideas at all . 
  the euro would not fit the scottish economy , and joining schengen means that there would be a closed border between scotland and the rest of the uk where it does more trade than the rest of the eu combined . 
  the common travel area between the uk and ireland was established nearly 100 years ago , and kept intact when the uk and ireland joined the eea/eu as condition of membership in the 1970s . 
  scotland can not automatically join this travel area , indeed it will not be allowed to if it joins the eu as an independent state . '', 
  - many nations inside the eu have joined it without making fundamental shifts towards the euro policy , indeed since the catastrophy in greece there has been a general avoidance of the idea of spreading the euro zone . 
  procrastination , as in the case of many of the other states , is always an option . 
  as for a common travel area , if they can make it so for ireland they can make it so for scotland . 
  the notion of a hard border is laughable as it would directly cut off from england one of it 's largest markets , and an inflow of 45 billion in goods , this threat is without meaning . 
   `` and most importantly , there is still no true commitment from any eu member state with breakaway regions that they will not veto scottish membership of the eu . 
  the spanish government has made no cast-iron promise of anything , indeed it would be foolish for them to say anything at this stage , especially when catalonia is holding an unofficial independence referendum this year . 
  supporters of independence claim that spain will not block scotland if it becomes independent legally , but there 's no official evidence to back their claims , and any such intention of the spanish government could change on a whim . '', 
  - repeatedly proven to be disingenuous , the only opposition the spanish would have to it would be if we declared udi , as it would inspire the catalonians to do the same , or bring their case to a higher court within the eu , decreasing spain 's legal control over the issue . 
  the spanish government has made this repeatedly clear in regards to this issue that they will not oppose the scottish government joining the eu so long as the legal precedents are followed . 
  `` their western democracy ca n't resist a jihad of this magnitude ! '', 
  people who act like dicks get treated like dicks , ukip should man the hell up for once rather than act like a spoilt whinging child . 
  mind you that 'd involve not acting like your being massively persecuted ( because gee wizz , not everyone is or even likes being a racist cunt ) , and we ca n't have that ... 
  those who voted leave are not likely to sign up to keeping their eu citizenship ( they did vote leave after all ) , those of us ( myself included ) who voted remain probably will , because uh ... yeah ... 
  the uk is going to go to shit once the economical reality of brexit kicks in . 
  if i ca n't get out of the uk by any other means available to my country , it 'd be nice if there was a backdoor back to the continent for me to escape to and perhaps settle in once things start going downhill . 
  i did n't want to leave the eu and i certainly ai n't eager to see what the tories are going to do to our nation once it does , so if there is a means for me to remain a citizen , i 'm all for it . 
  they make excellent smoked sausage . 
  good , now we can access all the really good spicy food . 
  scotland is wise in the ways of the book . 
  we 're all secretly fishpeople , so the cold does n't bother us . 
  they 're fairly docile and have a good temperament , so they probably would be fine as a pet . 
  they 're also kinda fluffy . 
  there actually is variants who 're black , indeed the species used to be known as `` the black cattle '' because that used to be ubiquitously that colour . 
  it was only in the 19th century that landowners bred them to be ginger , and brought them out of their long emo phase . 
  it 's how we welcome terrorists up here .
