it 's a deathworld . 
  deepest , darkest winter !, 
  when we sacrifice heilan coo 's and european tourists to the great old ones !, 
  i am absolutely triggered right now , like you would n't believe !, 
  seriously some people ... / s, 
  home ! ~, 
  christ , we 're locked in with these daft fucks ... 
  big , flat , good soil , was temporarily viking and then became kievan rus , russia likes anschlussing it ... 
  welcome to the human cesspit that is british media !, 
  i hope i can find one with english subs , it looks interesting . 
  well that 's one pro-unionist argument gutted , time to move on to the rest , not that they have much ammo left mind you ... 
  happy days !, 
  nah , we 're alright . 
  do n't need another overbearing , cumbersome and impassive government governing my nation from afar , one is enough already . 
  there is something oddly ussr-ish about how this is designed . 
  i think it 's the giant floating head of attaturk , it looks remarkably similar to soviet propaganda about lenin . 
  heh , jesus just sittin ' there putting bets on who 's gunna win . 
  if a jihadist farted isis would claim responsibility for it . 
  the ottoman empire had the misfortune to die shortly after committing a fairly notable act of genocide , along with being on the wrong side of wwi , so it 's kinda natural for people not to remember it fondly . 
  asides from that however , i agree with you . 
  almost all empires were shit , it 's kinda like the norm for ever one that ever existed - unless they 're ethnic empire like chinese and the hre , which tend to be only moderately awful . 
  time to num some popcorn and watch the drama unfold ... 
  oh the irony . 
  yes i 'm sure the natives were just begging for the british empire to start a tug-of-war with the spanish . 
  i mean it 's not like their situation was bad enough as it was . 
  yep . 
  maybe he 'll be like turkmenbashi and build a giant automated statue of the book , then have it open up read quotations from it through loudspeakers at odd hours of the night . 
  certainly a possibility , but i think it 's tied into the above matters . 
  the uk for instance does n't outright deny it 's atrocities , but when it comes to reparations it makes sure often or not to bog the claims down in legal details until the claimants are dead . 
  this kind of denial transcends a single motive i believe . 
  [ some were exchanged , many were not ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide ) i wo n't deny this is a clear provocation , but hostile mindless denial of the facts are just as much as a provocation as well . 
  the political situation with turkey is incredibly tense and it 's current leader is making very wild accusations , this was bound to happen . 
  why does n't germany blame all of it on the third reich and treat it as a separate entity ? 
  the reality is that 's not really a good argument to make really , moral responsibility still weighs heavily on successor states for the crimes of their ancestors , and they 'd have to accept and apologize on their behalf for that . 
  for a nation like turkey who 's existence is built on the idea of their grandparents and great grandparents fighting for the existence of their nation against invasive foreign powers , that 's a tough pill to swallow . 
  germany is only like what it is because it literally got ripped apart and it 's people force marched through the concentration camps , there was no way of offloading guilt at the time and they had to accept it . 
  turkey never really had to go through that because in the end , they won . 
  the result is that they never had to face the truth , that the very same people who were involved in the genocides were involved in the creation of their state as well . 
  how do you reconcile the idea that the people who fought `` heroically '' for their nation were the same ones that killed millions ? 
  you really ca n't without abandoning one side of that duality , and the turkish government chose the former to lionize and the latter to ignore in it 's coverage of it 's nations origins . 
  nobody really wants to be the bad guy in history . 
  1914-1945 was not a fun period in history , although it 'd certainly help if the turkish government would just own up to what it did rather than stay in denial for over a 100 years . 
  buuuuuuuuuuut knowing the sultan that 's never going to happen . 
  hell with the way he 's going i honestly would n't be surprised if he tried to `` complete '' it with the kurds , to disastrous results . 
  depends if you want him back or not , some tribes in the south pacific think he 's a god or something , but i think a god would have better control of their senile racist gaffs . 
  well , the longer she waits , the more frustration will grow . 
  we 'll see how long it is before she caves in to pressure , especially with this brexit debacle ahead of us . 
  one things for certain though , eventually she 'll have to give a date for when it is `` the time '' , removing the choice entirely is not an option available to her if she wants the already shaky foundations of the union to stand up straight . 
  first the rhino , now a flamingo , what the hell is going on ? 
  welp , here we got again . 
  see you on the other side europe !, 
  fast acting serbian cleaning products ? 
  karadzic-o removes 100 % of unwanted kebab , absolutely guaranteed !, 
  i dunno , it does kinda sound like something a clueless islamist would say regardless of nationality ... 
  deutschland spoke , and lo !, 
  it was done . 
  kebab is making noises under an alt account now , plz remove . 
  / s [ puts on ceremonial music of kebab removal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eqja8ahac ), 
  it used to be , there have been some pretty decent releases lately , geedubs seems to be cleaning up it 's act after a decade of being money grubbing dickheads . 
  good . 
  whilst the war itself may have been a matter of grey versus black morality , there is absolutely nothing to prove that the nazi regime was anything other than the black end of that spectrum . 
  tbh i 'm kinda surprised this person has been so bold in saying this , especially in germany , i doubt he 'll last long in politics now ... 
  scotland 's jewish population actually grew after wwii i recall , a lot of people on the boat to the us stopped here and either could n't pay the rest of the trip or just figured `` eh , this 'll do '' , so now there is a couple thousand up here . 
  they 're slowly disappearing now however , much like in most of the rest of europe . 
  we were also one of the few - or only - nations not to have any government sponsored progrom against the jews in our history , although i believe that has more to do with only having a couple hundred jews at best until the early modern period . 
  empire 's in general were pretty shit . 
  i would n't be so quick to judge , i find the same thing is true for an awful lot of uk redditors too unfortunately , there seems to be difficulty in connecting and understanding the wants and needs of the other parts of the uk as a whole . 
  i am preparing for a new influx of `` muh heritage '' posts on r/shitamericanssay . 
  something hopeful in turkey at least , maybe some day they 'll dump sultan reepicheep head first into a midden . 
  time to listen to the usual parade on r/europe about scottish independence ... tbh the commentary on it is more repetitive than the news . 
  seems to be a thing on reddit to downvote and never bother explaining anything , i would n't put too much stock in it . 
  possibly , i imagine the response was a lot more possessive when the ira were n't ( mostly ) dead and a political compromise was n't reached , certainly i 've been hearing more and more of ni now that it looks like the good friday agreement is being undermined . 
  then again ni is a small population and limited resources , whilst scotland still maintains a fair amount of extensive reserves ( notably the north sea oil which kept the uk afloat during the 70 's ) , as well as it 's unwanted nuclear weapons base and other matters , so the response is much more immediately possessive , especially now that what has been taken for granted is being threatened . 
  there is also the fact i suppose that it 's partially symbolic too , without us the uk can no longer really call itself the uk , it 's just england , wales and ni . 
  the usual tirade of empty political statements , threats , apathy and tabloid xenophobia does n't speak in a manner i 'd consider a healthy attachment . 
  relations in general have been rather cool since 2014 , and all the other events since then ... 
  apparently there are still people who think it was better when ireland was under their boot ... 
  welp , poland may not be able to into space , but at least it can into canal . 
  well greece , you may be going through a financial crisis but at least you 've got a big sexy boat . 
  ... now i have the sudden urge to find a big gold fleece, 
  probably would n't have looked like anything , there 's a reason roman britain collapsed so quickly , and that 's primarily because it was heavily based on military occupation . 
  even area 's within `` romanised '' britain did n't fair too well , and the old north - consisting of northern england and lowland scotland - was pretty much unmanageable . 
  on top of that existing roman infrastructure was heavily dependent on the empire to support it . 
  with the rest of the empire crumbling or withering away it would n't have lasted long , even with continued roman presence in england . 
  awesome , i always thought it was a very sweet gesture between the two nations . 
  plus it remembers the badass stuff canada has done that everyone else seems to forget about , although canada normally does n't seem to toot it 's horn much internationally . 
  [ and annually sends you lots of them in remembrance of canada 's assistance in wwii . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_tulip_festival ), 
  because it 's in northern england , along hadrian 's wall, 
  in scotland our memorials consist of giant piles of hacked silver that they bribed us with . 
  good times !, 
  pretty much , now imagine half a decade of having to listen to the same old crap day in day out , despite nearly two thirds of it being disproven and the other third being manageable with a bit of political savvy . 
  it 's like 2014 never ended for these people , like some sort of national groundhog day . 
  true , it was still a really stupid move to make in retrospect given it lead to the removal of the stopper on the growth of the great kebab empire . 
  if only the stupid fuckers had n't deposed the komnenoi ... ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ venice ^ ^ ^ too, 
  probably nothing will come of it beyond a minor misdemeanour charge , it might theoretically lead to the end of the blasphemy laws mostly because they 're incredibly archaic . 
  it depends what kind of federal europe is on offer , i 'm willing to look out for other european states as a whole , but i have to keep the interests of my nation in mind . 
  i have no interest in joining titanic organisation in which we 'd be reduced to irrelevancy , it has no conceivable benefits and goes against my political interests . 
  alas , my plan has been foiled . 
  does this mean i can throw this chart at americans that claim the united states is the sole significant contributor to defence budget of europe , and that they 're paying for our `` socialist '' lifestyles ?
