  safe to say we have n't forgiven them for it . 
  no , but immigration should be better regulated to ensure we do n't take in more potential extremists . 
  one thing i believe should be banned is saudi supported mosque building in europe , these are absolutely the site of radicalisation and should be removed from our soil . 
  not really , what turkey 's up to is little more than glorified dick waving . 
  it 's more likely to endanger the integrity of turkey than threaten us . 
  black . 
  my understanding of european affairs has grown due to a steady stream of interaction and news on both r/europe and r/askeurope , it 's been an interesting experience . 
  my political opinions however remain unchanged , and r/europe 's `` pro-federalist '' rhetoric , uncritical eu worship - although i will say the eu has gained a more positive perspective from me since i joined , where i was more tepid about it - as well as overwhelming - and sometimes hysterical - contempt for russian 's has made me increasingly wary of it . 
  i prefer to stay here nowadays because often times r/europe has become very unpleasant , and i feel it suffers less from rabid hostility over divergent views and is a more communicative forum for discussion . 
  one thing that can decisively be claimed to be a negative however is my increasing distrust of anyone with a uk flair . 
  i do n't know what it is but my experiences with people who have them have been terrible , and i now associate it with smug condescension , ignorance about my nation , insinuations of inferiority and ceaselessly repetitive arguments . 
  non-uk flag flairs - england , scotland , wales , ni - remain unaffected however . 
  nessie , the fucker wo n't even turn up 99.99 % of the time , total scam . 
  by simple logic i 'm a nationalist as i wish my nation to be independent , so i 'm a bit biased . 
  generally speaking i think the only time people give a shit about nationalist feelings is when it 's in the negative context - fascism , xenophobia , right-wing protests ect - which gives a skewed idea of the ideology . 
  nationalism can be those things but it can also be fairly simple pride in one 's nation , or with the right direction turn into civic nationalism - which values all residents of the nation regardless of background - which is interlinked with liberal values and the development of stable democracy . 
  i 'm of the latter persuasion , and i do n't feel bad about it because tbh it has n't really done anyone any harm - watching the newspapers try and convince me that we were all a bunch of nazi 's and fascists whilst they pandered to the extreme right was a rather brutal irony anyway . 
  call the scots `` english '' , or say we 're part of england , the temperature of the room you 're in will drop lower than the 9th layer of hell , this is a sign that your position is both accepted and appreciated . 
   but further south it 's usually just dreary as fuck with an ice cold , seemingly everlasting darkness . 
  sounds familiar . 
  could you intervene a bit less often please , or at least consult someone who knows about the situation before going in guns blazing ? 
  tbh that 'd probably increase america 's standing the world if it did do that , but it 's an unrealistic expectation . 
  i 'm glad you guys listened when me and a macedonian guy wanted our flairs , that was very much appreciated . 
   or at least i assume the scottish flair went up partially because of that ... 
  yep , who is a symbolic head of state which holds no real legislative power , and can with ease be legally sidestepped by parliament if they actually refused to ratify something , something which is the case for all remaining monarchies in europe . 
  you 're going to have to try harder than that . 
  why do you enjoy establishing third world dictatorships ? 
  * hugs * sorry bud , we really should have more international history courses so we can be a bit more aware about this kinda thing . 
  zilch , i had to learn what i know about lithuania myself , mostly because i had an interest in the commonwealth and the northern crusades . 
  not really . 
  raises hand . 
  up to you , do n't expect the internet to provide informed decisions on something it knows nothing about . 
  weigh it up yourself . 
  these are some weird fucking questions ... 
  define nationalist , as in the most basic terms i would be classified as such for desiring my country to be an independent nation , unless `` nationalist '' is equated with the far right and the rise of pseudofascism these days . 
  so we should follow your knee-jerk reaction , disavow all unpartisan investigation and go full tilt into a conflict we understand poorly using unexamined information and the claims of a bunch of jihadist rebels as proof ? 
  well thank god we did n't do that before !, 
  we did . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_war ) [ and look how that ended ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_state_of_iraq_and_the_levant ) yeah , great idea there . 
  i 'm not going to pretend the government forces are some martyr saints dying against the evils of the world , but it 's a lot more complicated than you 're making it out to be , especially when large segments of [ rebel territory - including idlib - are openly under the control , or ruled in conjunction with al-nusra . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/68/syrian_civil_war_map.svg ) ( in white , idlib is also it 's seat of government ) . 
  and whilst the rebels might not have an airforce , they certainly have backers willing to provide them with such highly dangerous products , as well as the motive to activate them during a government air raid . 
  unless conclusive evidence is provided linking the air attack and the gas attack together , i 'm not convinced . 
  feel free to present your evidence if you think you 've got a case , so far the un has turned up no conclusive evidence of the government using chemical weapons on their civilians , and that 's not infowars or any conspiracy site , that 's just a fact . 
  poorly , there has n't even been a proper investigation done , and there is n't even any other option for if we do remove assad . 
  who 're we going to put in charge ? 
  because all the rebels consist of these days are fundie lunatics and bandits . 
  personally i 'm very suspicious - and always have been - of the claims of the government using chemical weapons on civilians . 
  assad has everything to lose by using them and the jihadists have everything to gain by pretending the latter did it , so the idea that the government would openly court the us turning their nation into blasted slag is ludicrous in my eyes . 
  i imagine this one , like all the ones before it is just another jihadist ploy to justify dragging us into the conflict , but if we do go in there it sure wo n't end well , it 'll turn into another fucking libya except this time russia , china and the us will be involved . 
  to be fair on armenia , it 's surrounded on practically all sides by countries that hate it , so it kinda has to maintain good diplomatic links with russia and georgia otherwise it 's pretty much screwed economically . 
  up north there be weird grumpy voiced liberals . 
   sunni vs shia is muslim vs heretic muslim well are n't you just delightful , no wonder you think you 're oppressed . 
  rumbly ? 
  pretty much , i once stated that i did n't want to start war in europe against russia because it 'd result in hundreds of thousands dying , got equated with being a nazi appeaser as a result . 
  it 's little wonder you see so few russian flairs there . 
  you could always move northwards , that 'd hit two birds with one stone . 
  plus we 've got a tibetan buddhist monastery along the border , samye ling . 
  i visited it twice , very nice place with pretty welcoming monks . 
  by selling plastic jesus ' to put on the dashboard of your car ? 
  there is a black stripe on top in the german empire one , so it 's not a bicolour like poland :p, 
  i kinda like the [ german empire flag ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ec/flag_of_the_german_empire.svg/1200px-flag_of_the_german_empire.svg.png ) historically speaking ( sorry germany i like it more than the current one ) and i also like scotland 's saltire of course i also like [ georgia 's flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0f/flag_of_georgia.svg/510px-flag_of_georgia.svg.png ), 
  we 'll cheer for any team that is playing against england . 
  noisy and a bit um ... disconnected from the real world . 
  their understanding of scotland seems to not extend further than romanticised pictures of clans in the 1700 's to be honest . 
  the worst cases did n't even understand that we were n't even still living like that , and seem to be surprised that we were n't some parochial backwater . 
  very frequently , my university takes in a lot of asian students , and if we count the south asians like the pakistani 's and indians , the local pops are heavily integrated into the nation . 
  i would n't think so , i doubt you 'll be going to scotland but there should n't be any issues if you did . 
  in more rural areas people might stare a bit , but that 's mostly because they 're curious more than anything , it 's not exactly common that we have black people up here , although our minority pops are growing . 
  as for being an american well ... just so long as you 're not obnoxious about it you should be fine . 
  we get a lot of tourists and all too many of them are happy to yammer our ears off about their genetics and how their left nipple is irish , so it can get very wearing . 
  having said that it 's usually only the white americans that do that , so i do n't suppose that 'll be a problem . 
  england , because we live together . 
  norway probably , or ireland . 
  a very elusive , and probably imaginary concept . 
  probably canada , it has lots of forest , it 's cold , it 's democracy is fairly liberal and it 's people seem very friendly - can confirm , having met many of them . 
  ... plus i like maple syrup . 
  i live next to a royal forest which probably dates from the 7th century , when the pictish high kingdom was still about . 
  the landscape is also dotted with the occasional ancient monolith , pictish stone and burial mounds . 
  i can actually go outside and within a five minute walk get to one of those , although it 's rapidly eroding due to being in a heavily ploughed field . 
  there used to be much more , but a lot of it was destroyed with gunpowder in the 19th century . 
  angry drunk mountain people with big swords and liberal democracy . 
  i wear slippers . 
  meeting people from pro-gun countries has softened my view somewhat , but i still believe they should be fairly extensively regulated and i 'm not in favour of legalising automatic weapons . 
  i 've never really had to deal with guns beyond observing them where i live ( the local farmers have then for shooting and pest removal purposes ) so by in large it does n't effect me . 
  yes , finally we can unite with people as grumpy and stabby as us !, 
  finland !, 
  it 's a match made in heaven !, 
  long live the auld alliance !, 
  not particularly i think , in both cases lgbt rights are almost apolitical in nature for both countries , few if any are openly campaigning against them anymore , and they 're mostly fringe lunatics . 
  overall there seems to be more acceptance , although naturally the cities are the first to open up to these sorts of ideas , and the more rural you go the more conservative and traditional it might get . 
  i think we do have better representation of lgbt figures in politics than england perhaps , as the leader 's of the scottish branches of labour , conservative , and greens are lead by lgbt people , which is basically 3/5 of the major political parties . 
  i 've never had any problems , then again i do n't consider my sexuality to be anyone else 's business , so i do n't exactly advertise myself . 
  recently we got voted the most lgbt friendly ( in legal terms ) place in europe for a second year running , so that might have something to do with it . 
  there is probably discrimination and prejudice in some sections of society , but by in large i have n't encountered it . 
  asides from acknowledging it as a thing , i do n't really have any opinion . 
  well a denial now , followed by all the expected bullshit brexit is going to turn up would make a call for a new one even stronger than ever before . 
  by the time they 'd get to it there would n't be any other option but to give in , the only other option would be to dissolve the scottish parliament , and you can imagine how that would go down . 
  a repellent sense of superiority towards other nations , factually inaccurate understanding of history , `` small town '' mentality , the sanctifying of all things military and ludicrous justifications for morally dubious actions , based on the idea that `` we decide what is right and wrong , because we 're america and we 're # 1 '' . 
  hardly unique to america however , other nations did this too in the 19th century , but america is the one that seems to be continuing it long past the time it was considered socially/politically acceptable .
