  i imagine they have their view and you have yours . 
  if you feel up to it , feel free to elaborate on the issue , always good to get an alternate perspective . 
  i have not ever heard of him before , but it looks very interesting . 
  i shall tag it for future investigations ... 
  as much as i sympathize with catalonia , it 's pretty apparent that the eu is gunna sit this one out like it did with scotland in 2014 . 
  it achieves nothing by supporting them , and it 'll just piss off the spanish . 
  that is gold . 
  tbh , if i actually do have to move i most definitely will be learning a second language regardless of where i 'm off too . 
  seems rather presumptuous to move somewhere and perpetuate self-ignorance of language and customs . 
  germany is a possibility in this case , i did study some german when i was in high school , very functional language . 
  maybe , ireland is wealthy , but unfortunately it does n't have a lot of work available , i may have to look further afield . 
  only if we can convince the stubborn and paranoid elderly to not vote for the ( fake ) status quo . 
  regardless , hard times ahead . 
  sycophantic old hag ... 
  sexy . 
  beginning of the kebablapse ... 
  eh , tbh we get that in scotland around november and december , how long do these 3pm sunset 's last in terms of duration before you begin to see more light ? 
  he 's been dead for years mate , no need to speak about him in the present tense . 
  ** waves fist ** accursed gypsy magic !, 
  probably no more than any other impoverished and ostracised group 's reputation is , there is probably as much truth in their reputation as lie . 
  when your poor , undereducated and hated , criminality is an inevitable result . 
  nae chance of getting that back mate . 
  i hear they sacrifice roosters to satan in return for the diabolical powers of flight !, 
  not romanians mate , roma are a different group . 
  i 'll stop hating on the roma once they return my fattened calf and cease calling up thunderstorms to spoil my crops !, 
  well since the propagation of the internet we 've seen the development of `` thought crime '' in many countries , i would n't be surprised if this current upsurge in individuals like donald trump creates a new process of `` doublethink '' under the title `` alternate facts '' . 
  happy birthday romania !, 
  hope it 's a good year for you . 
  does n't really mean much to get to do so anyway , we 've got about fifty mp 's , they 've got hundreds , pretending that we own a treasured position in legislating in england is rather farcical . 
  actually westminster controls a vast amount of legislative powers in scotland through their list of `` reserved and excepted matters '' , and since 2015 england has a new veto over matters concerning purely england , so those complaints are n't truthful to the actual situation . 
  shhhhhh ... do n't draw attention to the russonati tovarisch , ca n't upset the plans for world domination and undermining poland 's attempts to into space . 
  i 'm seeing a pattern with right wing politicians having `` the hair '' ( boris johnson , trump etc. . . ) , maybe this is how the aliens are invading our world ? 
  as giant hairmops controlling humanoid androids . 
  it 's a clever trick ... / s, 
  geert wilders ' hair is disturbing , what is even going on there ? 
  brutalism was probably the most god awful architectural style of the 20th century , i have no idea why misery inducing concrete hell was in the vogue , or why it was ever considered to be stylish . 
  in my opinion , such crimes against art deserve the destruction inflicted on them via organised demolitions , their absence makes people happier ( especially up here in scotland , which was savaged by brutalism , i 'd be interested to see if the rise of brutalism also brought a rise in depression , suicides and criminality due to the impressions it gave on the environment ) . 
  i think you 'd gather from the rest of the commentary that i was never conditioned to believe it in the first place . 
  does n't excuse shit for what they did , i 'm of the opinion that if you move country , you either integrate or leave , i 'm not going to respect raping people as being `` part of their culture '' . 
  your cultural freedom ends where other people 's rights begin . 
  i get disappointed my kneejerk reaction of `` it 's some muslims again ai n't it ? '', 
  is usually right these days , it 's fucking depressing . 
  regardless , fuck those rapist cunts , i hope someone takes some personal time with them , preferably with a crowbar . 
  always good to see lots of people being politically active , i hope things go well in romania . 
  oh they made some noises about not letting us have it , but they did the same noises before the first referendum too and we ended up getting it anyway . 
  this time it 'll probably be much the same , simply based on the fact that denying us our right to self-determination and the democratic process would be political suicide and ensure that when we did have another referendum , we 'd win . 
  true , but they did have an immensely stupid referendum on it , i doubt they 'll bother to do the same on the question `` should we trade with scotland ? '', 
  well he did cheat on us for that scoundrel brexit ... 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  welcome on board !, 
  so it 's response to having an upsurge in catalonian nationalists is to create even more of an upsurge in catalonian nationalists when they 're revealed to be hypocrites by blocking us out of the eu ( their main argument being against a catalonian referendum being based on constitutional illegality ) ? 
  in what logical way does that even make sense ? 
  well , there is plenty of room on the boat if you want to come along too . 
  nobody said they were intelligent , or sensible , or remotely aware of reality . 
  remember , this is a political movement that made a push for brexit without a plan , then stalled for 6 months because of that exact reason as it panicked like mad when it realised `` oh shit we actually won '' . 
  sorry england , i think we 're better as friends , make sure to look after wales for us . 
  spain will only deny scotland a place in the eu if we decided to leave unilaterally , as that would give precedent to the catalonians to attempt it also . 
  if scotland did it through the legal means of a referendum in the uk , with westminster 's consent , there would no political reason to deny us a position in the eu . 
  if it did so then it would cause even more internal issues in spain and result in the catalonian 's taking their right to independence it to a international court , so it makes sense for spain not to make a fuss about it so long as it 's legal . 
  but of course this is already been stated before , you just have to look up the comments of the head spanish politicians on the topic . 
  no , you would , there is no tariffs inside the eu so any trade tariffs will be on your end , they 'd actually be to our benefit because we 'd be making even more profit than usual from our trade with england . 
  so unless england + ceases trade totally with all eu member states ( and in the case of scotland , cuts off a substantial part of available agricultural produce ) such an argument is a bit of nonsense . 
  the likelihood of trade blocks is negligible , unless of course , ruk wants to cut off it 's nose to spite it 's face . 
  what logical justification would england have for throwing away 45 billion during a time of immense economic uncertainty ? 
  i 'll tell you , none . 
  besides , if theresa may states that an open border with ireland is to be ensured , then the same deal can easily be made with scotland . 
  the argument of `` hard borders '' with an independent scotland have never been more spurious . 
  not really , maybe if they had n't written themselves into a corner by making it about immigration control , but it was obvious to me moments after the result of the referendum became clear . 
  this very situation was listed as a reason for a second referendum in the snp mandate , which they were promptly reelected on . 
  the greens who control a vital ( if small ) part of parliamentary mp 's also favour the eu in this regard , and have sided with the snp on this one ( and nicola has suggested a new referendum is on the table now ) giving us a majority in the scottish parliament . 
  so who knows , we may yet see you in a couple of years , depending on how it all goes , certainly the old unionist arguments are n't as convincing as they were before . 
  it certainly is n't , hence why independence is on the table again , something i 'm rather looking forward to given the drastic situational changes that have occurred within the union as of late . 
  as a nation with our own ( albeit devolved ) parliament , we do n't have to lump it , especially not when this very situation was described as reason enough for a reconsideration of a second campaign in the snp 's electoral mandate . 
  do you really ? 
  the other half of the population probably does n't vote tory in the elections , so what would be the point of trying to appease them ? 
  besides you can always count on the good `` british grumble '' to occur in divisive situations like this , but little else , especially given the largest party of the opposition is in the middle of a political civil war . 
  norway still has free movement of people , would n't work , people would still be going on about muslamic rayguns and feel we were dominated by brussels . 
  tbh it was always going to be the inevitable outcome unless the tory government was willing to deal with the outrage of backing down on the entire referendum . 
  the pro-brexit parties made it about control of immigration , freedom of movement is an intrinsic part of the eu , ergo there was only two options : stay and face massive social unrest , or leave and face potential massive economic downturn . 
  they essentially made their bed , now they have to lie in it . 
  seems that way , how are people in the falkland 's taking the whole brexit thing ? 
  so the grand anticlimax is at an end is it ? 
  everyone with a bit of sense knew this was coming . 
  and you shaking your head and going `` nuh-uh '' at me means nothing to me at all internet person !, 
  have a fun day . 
  that 's if you have 20 years , and looking at how badly the union is failing right now , you probably wo n't . 
  besides , that 's a low bar to set yourself for , it could grow as little as one percent and you 'd be able to call it a success . 
  nobody said the rest of the uk was coming along with ~, 
  toodles for now europe , we 'll be back in a few years , so keep a seat warm for us !, 
  good , now lets extract information from him and capture more of the fuckers . 
  make sure to take his shoelaces too . 
  judging from the last one they captured , isis terrorists do n't mind taking the easy way out . 
  do n't worry !, 
  we 'll be back soon enough !, 
  agreed , collectively we 've got the money , we 've got the population and we 've got the infrastructure , if we squabbled less and coordinated more we 'd be a new power in the world . 
  yes , i 'm sure the chinese were thrilled to have their coastal cities reduced to ruins by naval bombardment , just so we could peddle opium to them and get them all addicted to the stuff because we ran out of silver . 
  so more `` brexit means brexit '' then , without any actual subsistence beyond political gesturing ? 
  ... * sigh * just make up your minds already westminster . 
  i realise i may have sounded more accusatory than i actually meant , so let me elaborate on what i stated above in perhaps , a more diplomatic fashion . 
  firstly the op asked specifically on european awareness of what occurred during the cfs rather than belgian , so as a person outside of belgium i felt obliged to inform him of a lack of awareness by the public of what occurred in the congo from my own experiences , as well as other peoples , which has primarily been relative ignorance on the subject .
