  you seem to have a hard time finding _ scary _ numbers , do n't you ? 
   i remember reading an article saying something like 30 % of russian men under the age of 30 are addicted to heroin . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
   problem is that courts are not effective in many cases . 
  so you can either make courts more effective or just randomly arrest guys you do n't like without evidence of a crime . 
  hard choice . 
   for example how you can prove that this guy is directly or indirectly financed by russian institutions . 
  find money transfers from russian institutions to him ? 
  it 's not the russell 's teapot , these things are provable . 
  wet dreams . 
  they have found it already . 
  i wonder whether ukraine is prepared any better for stockholm arbitration over the gas contracts . 
   debt/gdp is fairly meaningless number in isolation , borderline misleading . 
  could you please elaborate on this ? 
  the guy swallows propaganda saying that ballistic missile defense is a peaceful thing and not at all intended to undermine russian capability of a retaliation strike . 
  then talks about propaganda . 
   if everyone built missile defense there would be no need for a retaliation strike . 
  no , on current tech level it will be useless against a first strike ( because `` thousands of warheads '' , yes ) , but may be effective against a retaliation one . 
  so it makes a nuclear war far more likely . 
  but hey , it has `` defense '' in its name , must be a good thing . 
   a launcher or two in a nato base, 
  well , a short range nuclear missile or two in a russian base is also not harmful in any way , it has thousands already . 
  what 's the point of all these treaties anyway ? 
   i want content producers to sell ads on their sites : static , inert images that do n't ... - track me, 
  the problem is - no one buys such ads . 
   it had everything to do with political certainty . 
  markets like certainty , if clinton had won the same thing would have happened just to a lesser degree . 
  that implies the market is terribly inefficient and completely irrational . 
  is that what you mean ? 
  just buy before every election with leverage and sell afterwards . 
  sounds easy . 
  if it does n't matter to you who win , why will you delay investment and be afraid of `` uncertainty '' ? 
   noone moves to russia . 
  interesting . 
  i have two ukrainian colleagues ; one of them has obtained russian citizenship and the other said he 's interested as well . 
  must be spies or something . 
  of course nobody i know is moving to ukraine , it 's either usa/western europe or not worth the hassle . 
   they know how people travel in cars . 
  what times , where to, 
  that 's available via any mobile apps sending gps data . 
  pe of 4 is because they `` invest '' the profits in projects with crazy low , often negative roi , instead of returning it to shareholders . 
  i view this share as an option - it could instantly double in price with somewhat competent management . 
  you should look not on transfer fees , but on transfers + payroll . 
  if other clubs bought quality players and arsene decided to pay the likes of abu diaby for years , whose fault is that ? 
   i know it 's very unlikely , but i want him to shut every single fucking one of them up . 
  yeah , not gon na happen , precisely because they are all right and wenger is obsolete and too stubborn to change . 
  you had the resources , but blew it by paying mediocre players ridiculous wages . 
  diaby got what , 17 millions during last five years doing absolutely nothing ? 
  that 's a quality transfer right here . 
   we were way behind the likes of united and chelsea . 
  quick googling gives me these figures for 2012 :, 
  united - 162m, 
  arsenal - 143m, 
  you call that 13 % difference ` way behind ' , really ? 
  spurs were way behind with 90m , that 's true . 
  i 've started to extract and comment bullshit claims from the article , but quickly realized i will need to comment almost every sentence . 
  how anyone can take such garbage seriously ? 
  i mean , segalovich was known to participate in navalny 's rallies , do you really want to paint him and co as `` putin 's secret agents '' ? 
  come on , this is silly . 
  btw , i 've just read that yandex is closing ukraine offices and offering relocation to all workers . 
  a bit more human capital migration from ukraine to russia , nice job . 
   but luckily the amount of shirts we sell soaks that up instantly . 
  no it does n't . 
  this is a retarded myth . 
   iirc we sold # 200m 's worth of pogba shirts in the first 3 months alone . 
  who `` we '' ? 
  do you work for adidas or something ? 
  ok , so you 're just not aware that it 's adidas who makes the largest chunk of money out of marginal shirt sale , not the club . 
  that 's what they 're paying for , after all . 
  so , poroshenko praises the idea of giving money to ukraine ? 
  shocking development . 
   it 'll cost him millions in salary and signing bonus . 
  madrid will likely pay him a lot more as a signing bonus lol . 
  so if he 's perfectly fine one year from now , will you admit you have exactly 0 understanding how the world works ? 
  russia will be blamed in three ... two ... one ... 
  yes , it has to be an army . 
  no one is doing any hacking without an army nowadays . 
  judging your conversation skills , i 'd say you should s/mad/retarded / in your username , 
   you can open a savings account in india with over 7 % interest rate , but if you look at the exchange rate between rupee and usd , it 's not a good deal . 
  you ca n't say whether it 's a good deal or not looking at the exchange rate . 
   almighty russia can into war but cant into turbines . 
  these turbines were made in russia , you know . 
   what is the value of cheaply being able to send payment anywhere in the world instantly ? 
  you mean `` cheaply '' and `` instantly '' . 
  it can be cheaper and more tax efficient ? 
  what about higher risk and lower returns though ? 
  seen by whom ? 
  buying bitcoin is currently seen not an investment at all by some , you know . 
   gambling is high risk/high return but how many people got rich playing the lottery ? 
  you wat ? . . 
  gambling has negative return , in what world can it be considered high ? 
   just because some incorrectly view it as not being an investment does not mean it is not an investment . 
  just because some confuse speculation and investment does not mean it is an investment . 
   just look at the definition of investment and bitcoin clearly falls into that description . 
  bitcoin clearly does not lol , because by definition it 's just an asset . 
  and it 's traded mostly on speculative basis right now ( greater fool theory at work ) . 
   not when you win ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  return is traditionally defined in probabilistic terms as an expected value of amount of money you have , and risk as a variance of that value . 
  even if you win , gambling is still high risk/negative return .
