  you ca n't just abandon resource sector , it worth billions and billions of dollars . 
  of course putin could 've decided to privatize it and not nationalize to increase efficiency ( rosneft is terribly ineffective , no doubts about that ) , but one can argue that this move would 've only increased budget reliance on oil and gas revenues . 
  oh yeah , yet another `` summer offensive '' . 
  it 's always coming ( according to this sub ) , any minute now . 
   reorganize energy companies : privatization would surely boost a healthy competition, 
  yes , although that 's a bit tricky because :, 
  1 ) natural monopolies - pipe operators . 
  2 ) as a country , you do n't want competition between your entities in external markets . 
  but again , that move would increase budget revenues from oil !, 
  if not , what 's the point . 
   optimize budget revenues : when they needed more money , they just pumped more oil . 
  this is the most terrible approach to budgeting . 
  i think they pumped as much oil as they could from existing wells , no matter what . 
   and i 'm not even talking about other sectors that do n't involve oil and it 's derivatives . 
  natural resources are still on top - iron , palladium , etc. 
  yes , that 's the result of idiotic soviet policy . 
  only resource sector was competitive ( because of the clear kpi - extract more !, 
  ) , other industries were heavily subsidized and thus could n't survive in the open market . 
  but generally we are in agreement . 
  that 's the famous dutch disease in a nutshell . 
  putin have failed to treat it , as did all the russian rulers since at least the 70-ies . 
   in august/september 2015 there was another major offensive by the russians ... 
  hm , source ? 
  i must 've forgotten it . 
   if people in chinatown voted to join china , china would still not gain the right to annex a part of new york . 
  and if the entire state of new york voted that way ? 
  that 's more accurate analogy . 
   the reason why it was n't built before is that it was not necessary, 
  actually there were vague plans :, 
  those stupid brainwashed crimeans , they do n't understand what 's good for them !, 
  so you basically think that major part of crimean population is afraid that kgb, 
  runs fake polls to find traitors ( i.e. 
  those who think that the economy is doing less than great ) and imprison them . 
  correct ? 
   the anti-corruption measures that ukraine has engaged in post-maidan ( which we do n't see in russia ), 
  there are tons of `` anti-corruption measures '' implemented in russia , they just do n't work . 
  i have yet to see any evidence that this is not the case in ukraine too . 
  so what 's the problem ? 
  go and start . 
   if russia denies they 're an active participant in that conflict then they weaken their position because everyone knows they 're lying, 
  and how exactly does this `` weaken their position '' ? 
  what does it even mean ? 
  if they lie one thousand times about this issue , ukraine will be declared the winner and the conflict is over or what ? 
   and it ends up making ukraine 's argument that russia is the problem in negotiations stronger . 
  stronger than in 2015 , when russia was saying exactly the same thing ? 
  so it 's the same as skylake xps . 
  dell disappoints me again . 
  `` kremlin infowar agent '' , `` his attention is focused on asymmetrical warfare using propaganda '' ... 
  frankly speaking , the feeling of self-importance on this sub is sometimes overwhelming . 
   they are pretty big . 
  and full of clowns . 
   the builders need ~ 1,5 months to get one done and plan to get 6 completed this year . 
  feel free to do the math on etas yourself . 
  i envy your `` math '' skills . 
  because for me there is not enough data in this sentence to make a reasonable eta . 
  how so ? 
   because obviously an ukrainian supporter would equate his troubles in finding someone who buy roshen for its market value of 3 billions, 
  sorry , what ? 
  either there is a buyer who is willing to pay 3 billions , or his factory does n't have market value of 3 billions . 
  that 's pretty much the definition of `` market value '' . 
   or get a pay raise ? 
  yes ? 
   if it is currently operating at a loss and will be for the foreseeable future, 
  it 's not and wo n't . 
  where did you get this idea ? 
   so because they were going to do even better than promised , russia backed out . 
  they were going to do it worse than promised . 
  period . 
  chemical dilution does n't have radioactive barrier against regenerating , compared to agreed method . 
   however , the effort and money involved is , most likely , way more expensive than just making new weapons-grade plutonium . 
  source ? 
  this is not obvious at all for me . 
   sure it can technically be done ( similar to how it already can with reactor grade plutonium ), 
  please explain how separation of two very similar ( chemically speaking ) isotopes is in any way similar to separation of different chemical compounds . 
   what i intended to imply was that reactor grade plutonium can be used for weapons just as easily ( or un-easily , compared to pure weapons grade plutonium ) as diluted and disposed weapons grade plutonium . 
  you can do a nuclear device with reactor grade plutonium , but it would be shitty device - not effective explosion , high radiation , etc. 
  the military prefers as pure pu239 as possible for a reason . 
  and it 's much easier to extract pu239 after the dilution . 
   in either case it 's technically possible to make weapons , but it 'd be easier for someone to produce new weapons grade plutonium . 
  that 's not obvious . 
  you 'd probably need to build new specialized reactors to produce tens of tons of new weapons grade plutonium nowadays . 
  does n't sound cheap or easy to me . 
   the specifics of which we do n't know , as far as i can tell, 
  funny detail - i 've read a few months ago on a russian site about nuclear energy that usa was not even willing to disclose these specifics to russia . 
  if this is true - no surprise the deal was doomed . 
   he knew and was previously totally okay with this more efficient method of nuclear disposal, 
  you are flat out lying . 
  russia was never okay with this method . 
  it 's easier to extract pu 239 from this `` glass '' than from mox . 
  end of story . 
  and how do you know they were not complaining ? 
  in fact russia could see the lowest inflation this year since the fall of the soviet union . 
  `` high inflation due to sanctions over ukraine '' was a really ignorant comment . 
   and proliferation wo n't be an issue so the technology can probably be shared and implemented more freely . 
  that 's not true . 
  the only remotely viable fusion reaction ( d + t ) produces intense stream of high energy neutrons , which can be rather easily used to convert natural uranium into plutonium . 
   and people can also use tons of energy to just run centrifuges to enrich uranium and get the same result . 
  that 's possible no matter if they 're using fission , oil , coal , hydro , or solar power . 
  of course you can just run centrifuges , that 's why nobody is sharing modern centrifuge technology with anyone ( even photos of centrifuges are strictly restricted ) . 
  if you can use fusion and get the same result , the sharing of fusion tech will be also very limited .
