it 's highly unlikely that some will fabricate it in these three hours . 
  excuse me , why ? 
   the crash of the plane that wiped out the polish goverment in russia, 
  how exactly the unprofessionalism of the polish pilot is related with `` russian actions '' ? 
   the investigation conducted by poland concluded that one contributing factor to the accident was that the russian atc system gave incorrect information to the plane/pilots on its altitude and placement . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  all aircrafts have their own altimeters , they do not need atc info about that ( not entirely correct , the auxiliary altimeter requires data about atmospheric pressure , but it 's not important in this case ) . 
   it has to be partially blamed . 
  it has to be fully blamed . 
  the pilot descended lower then the decision altitude without making decision ( in those circumstances decision was pretty easy - `` go around , because you have no visual contact with the airfield '' ) . 
  that 's not acceptable by any standards . 
   are russian people aware about supplies of military weapons , logistics and people to the east from beginning and keeping this conflict alive ? 
  i 'd say so . 
  i think that in general they are n't strongly against it . 
  i have actually heard the argument `` why they ( the west ) can do it , and we ca n't ? '', 
  a few times . 
   if yes ( probably yes ) , then what is the logic here ? 
  pretty simple . 
  ukrainian army must retreat from the territory and meet separatist 's demands ( whatever they are ) . 
   at least poroshenko made an effort to make some concessions and a plan, 
  `` surrender now and flee from the country ( or get a life sentence ) in exchange of some promises '' . 
  brilliant plan , but not even close to acceptable from the rebels point of view . 
   remember , there 's a difference between freedom of speech and freedom of propaganda . 
  and what 's the difference ? 
   ukraine just ratified the association of the eu and is out of the customs union . 
  ukraine has never been part of the customs union . 
   this is not warmongering . 
  it is . 
   crimea dependent on gas from ukraine, 
  not at all . 
  split_at_mut ? 
  he is talking about the last twenty years , not four . 
  is it possible to implement them that way in rust ? 
  what is the drawback ? 
  i mean , you ca n't put bigint in the stack , can you ? 
  my bad . 
  wishful thinking . 
  neither of your scenarios is going to happen . 
  i 'm telling you as a russian citizen . 
   they complain already . 
  people complain , yes . 
  so what ? 
  people complain about their government all over the world . 
  the thing is , sane opposition in russia ( navalny and co ) is oppressed , so the legal change of putin 's regime is impossible . 
  and the coup ... long story , but there is no way it can make regime any better . 
  the majority of people who want and is able to fight the police ( you know , a la pravy sector ) is not liberal or pro-western at all . 
   opposition will form, 
  are you talking about legal opposition ? 
  no , it will not . 
  believe me , i took part in those protests , situation is getting worse , not better . 
   why would you fire artillery into civilian buildings like that ? 
  beacuse you do n't care about civilians , that 's why . 
   no , not really . 
  firstly , a `` whataboutism '' can only apply to a russian propaganda tactic , since that 's what the term was invented to label . 
  this really makes me laugh . 
   the right to remove president from his position was given to the verkhovna rada by ukrainian constitution . 
  no it was not . 
   chapter 5 article 111, 
  sorry , i 'm not arguing that there is possibility to impeachment the president . 
  as far as i know , the legal steps described in this section were n't properly performed . 
   there is no comparison to syria here . 
  there is a direct comparison , you just do n't like it . 
  i 've read that rebels are against peacekeepers monitoring the border , which is understandable . 
  ceasefire does n't mean you could freely pass through your enemy 's positions . 
   should russia win this war , millions of ukrainians will be transfered to siberia as a free labor, 
  and all ukrainian children will be eaten by putin personally . 
   do n't you need forex reserves to sustain a fixed exchange rate ? 
  no , you do n't , you can just restrict capital flow . 
  and thats exactly what is happening right now . 
  see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impossible_trinity, 
   django is so much better than any other python web framework out there . 
  what ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  django is great up until the point when you need to write complex db queries and end up concatenating strings by hand becase django orm sucks . 
  zero . 
  thanks , i know all these things . 
  due to the lack of this optimization i was forced to concatenate strings twice last week . 
  for whom ? 
  average americans were very afraid or what ? 
  because the west does n't care about crimean people 's opinion . 
  it 's just obvious . 
  where have i said that putin cares about opinion of people in chechnya ? 
   why ca n't people like you see the difference between scottish referendum - a lot of time spent negotiating leading up to the referendum and voting at a gunpoint . 
  why ca n't people like you see that crimean people had literally no chance for scottish-style referendum ? 
   another thing is that russia was gon na take crimea anyway even if the referendum was 10 % in favour of russia . 
  i doubt that . 
   why did the russian block the osce observer ? 
   why did the referendum had only two yes options ? 
  and you are talking about propaganda . 
   your post spoke about the west not caring about the crimean people 's opinion , as if russia actually cared about the opinion of the crimean people either . 
  my post surprisingly was not about russia . 
  you 've missed the whole point of discussion . 
  it 's not about why a real referendum did n't happen , it 's about why the ` west ' does n't propose a real referendum in the future as a solution . 
  how many thousands ? 
   it 's more `` sanctions are n't working , stop imposing them '' , is it ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's more like `` stop spreading bullshit that russian economy is falling apart very quickly '', 
  european values , you know . 
   i would say in fact the `` rebels '' are killing all the civilians because they do n't have the military background necessary to fire the artillery accurately . 
  the rebels are so bad in artillery that they are constantly shelling themselves .
