  excuse me for being a bit spiteful . 
  not a fan of communists so do n't exactly blame . 
  but america definitely played a part and generally is all for meddling with others ' affairs , so i see this outcome as fair . 
   what do you think americans did to undermine communism within russia ? 
  the answer requires a long conversation about history with a lot of room for different interpretations and disagreements , i do n't feel to start it , sorry , 
   if you are ` not a fan of communists ' - why are n't you glad for the interference ? 
  that question is strange . 
  are you saying that all trump supporters in america should be glad for alleged russian interference ? 
  if not , what 's the difference ? 
  in soviet russia , russia annexes itself . 
  tax everyone except me . 
  good attitude . 
  and what 's so important about it ? 
  so you want to stop subsidizing elon musk , right ? 
  go and explain it to / u/fapsandnaps then ? 
  i 'm utterly confused . 
  what do autists have to do with cyber security ? 
   but putin is responsible for the forthcoming collapse of the russian state . 
  could you provide a timeline of the said collapse ? 
  i 've been reading about imminent collapse of russian state since 2014 ( predicted mostly by ukrainians , obviously ) , do n't know if i should still hold my breath . 
  oh , and by the way , you 've said in november :, 
   right about now , i wonder if putin is thinking that maybe it might have been a bad idea to interfere with the us election process . 
  still wondering ? 
   the system putin built up for himself can not work without putin, 
  to be honest , this looks like yet another example of wishful thinking . 
  what makes you think putin will not be able to find a successor similar to himself ? 
  after all , that 's how _ he _ got the power . 
  let me try . 
  sergey brin and larry page . 
  i 'm sure they deserve their billions , because they made million times more for the humanity than an average joe . 
  i 'll go further and say that they 've made way more for the world 's poor and uneducated than you . 
   but is he really worth 2000 of me ? 
  or 2000 of the average redditor ? 
  why not ? 
   is he really that smart or brilliant that 1999 of us together would n't be able to do that job ? 
  i 'm unconvinced . 
  i 'm convinced that 1 average redditor would do a far worse job than this person , but way better than 2000 average redditors . 
   he got the power right after russia 's least popular leader ever, 
  and then basically happened to ride the biggest oil boom in history . 
  he got the power from the hands of the `` least popular leader ever '' ( that 's a tautology by the way , because yeltsin was probably the first one whose popularity was measured at least somewhat authentically ) . 
  and he was basically no one in 1999 , in terms of name recognition at least , and in 2000 won the majority votes in the election . 
  i 'm willing to bet that the story of his successor will start similarly . 
   because the captain of a naval warship was only worth 3 of me . 
  a commodore of an entire flotilla maybe 4 . 
  you ca n't just say `` this salary distribution is wrong , because here is another one '' . 
  maybe salaries in the navy are set incorrectly and commodores should be paid more ? 
  btw , just curious - does your example include the cost of all benefits ? 
   a bankers decisions , at worst , create an artificial crisis - no matter what they decide , there is going to be the same amount of bread or grain produced at a farm . 
  that 's patently incorrect . 
  their decisions about capital allocation affect how much produced and in what sectors , including agriculture . 
  incorrect decisions would not lead to a famine probably ,, 
  but can absolutely cause higher prices for some demanded goods . 
  you can look at ussr history to see what misguided allocation of resources may lead to . 
   the only reason these numbers are so hugely inflated is because of where they work - they weigh up the numbers then decide what they skim off the top . 
  i 'm pretty sure that , let 's say , coo of lockheed martin is paid beyond the dreams of avarice . 
  how is that possible ? 
  he 's not working in the bank . 
  and `` they '' do n't decide their own salary . 
  it 's typically decided by the board of directors . 
   we are saying that when one of these guys says he 's worth 300 commodores then maybe just maybe that 's too much , no ? 
  first , i do n't think that comparing jobs in the army and in non-government companies makes much sense . 
  a commodore ca n't negotiate a higher salary , can he ? 
  second , do you think that one employee could n't have x1000 positive impact on company 's profits than another ? 
  if they could , why should n't they be paid one thousand times more ? 
  note that i 'm not talking about `` working hard '' staff , because this is a meaningless measure . 
  you can work extremely hard and only create losses . 
  when the sun rises in the west and sets in the east . 
  when the seas go dry and mountains blow in the wind like leaves . 
  when ukrainian troops burn moscow to the ground . 
   you forget that from that money that us companies will be making in russia is money that russian companies are not making ... 
  yes , because trade is known to be a zero-sum game . 
  facepalm . 
  what ? 
  russia expressed interest in arctic unambiguously a long time ago . 
  the article says that some projects in the area have been mothballed because of sanctions . 
  you 've made a completely contradictory claim . 
  russian taxpayers most probably . 
  because it 's a pretty recently modernized plane which , if not required by russian airforce , could 've been sold to , you know , paying customers . 
  rock solid penalty is being described as a joke . 
  what 's up with you guys ? 
  learn some basic rules . 
  he should n't have had his leg in a full swing with no way to retract if he was unsure to get the ball first . 
  that 's absolutely 100 % nondebatable penalty if you understand football , full stop . 
   i know according to the rules this is a pen , but i can assure that not every ref would 've called this penalty . 
  every competent one definitely would have . 
  not much , still more than zero . 
  when state assets are gifted away , it 's taxpayers who are paying . 
  if they played the second leg 5-1 , arsenal would go to extra time and barcelona would go home , so they indeed did better . 
  russian central bank is doing a decent job . 
  yes , its efforts to clean the banking industry are somewhat late and controversial , yes , the fall of demand ` helps ' here . 
  but the fact that it 's been able to resist an enormous lobbying pressure and continue reducing inflation is amazing . 
  on the other hand the level of military spending is saddening . 
  i 've just read that russia is going to run out of money and collapse in a year or two . 
  it 's a progress i guess , used to be months . 
   military spending should be compared to the area of a country , and not it 's gdp . 
  sorry , but this sounds stupid . 
  it 's not 15th century anymore , you do n't need to build castles all other the place and put thousands of people to garrison them . 
   government debt since 2010 increased by 3 times . 
  by 2 times afaik , and is less than 20 % gdp , which by all standards is low . 
  ukraine is on what , 80 % ?
