   the point is that having enriched uranium in the first place is n't necessary for the operation of a fusion plant , so they ca n't use their power plants as a justification and a fig-leaf for amassing or enriching or other trans-uranic elements . 
  having enriched uranium is n't necessary for the operation of a fission plant as well , there are multiple plants that can use natural uranium ( candu , rbmk ) . 
  and the country can always just import uranium fuel , which level of enrichment is not enough to make a bomb . 
  so this justification is already pretty weak . 
   if rogozin and mk.ru are n't good sources for you , than i do n't know what will be  of course , after 2014 it became unfashionable to point out the weaknesses of ` the glorious mother russia ' , so you wo n't see a lot of such frank interviews after 2013 . 
  taking the words of the guy who just wants an ever increasing amount of money spent on `` his '' thing at face value ... of course only when his words fit the narrative ... you can do better than that . 
   i 'm pretty sure that us has a set of targets for a conventional conflict already designated . 
  russian air defense wo n't be able to cope with just the numbers of cruise missiles ( like mr. rogozin mentioned ) . 
  you do realize that , like mr. rogozin mentioned , russia plans to respond with nuclear to massive cruise missile launch detection ? 
  all those hypothetical scenarios of open conventional war between us and russia are so hypothetical it 's not even funny . 
   sure , he needs all of that social pressure / media coverage to get funds flowing into ` his ' thing . 
  especially when the military spending has been rapidly growing since 1999 . 
  and this grows , while the rest of the budget accept the cuts it 's not like he has personal history/connections with putin . 
  so i said that he is just justifying increased military spending and, 
  you responded with the stat showing increased military spending ? 
   funny ... use western sources - `` well , that 's just propaganda ! '' . 
  use russian sources by russian top officials - `` well , the words just fit the narrative ! '', 
  ok , can i from now on use the quotes from this clown as a reliable source during arguments with you ? 
  that would be hilarious . 
   ` russia plans ' and ` russia does ' are 2 different things . 
  they have a shitty economy , which ca n't sustain most of their plans . 
  they ca n't even build a stadium for the world cup without resorting to ` free ' labor by students , just like ussr did . 
  are you saying russian economy can no longer sustain launching nuclear missiles ? 
  otherwise i fail to see how this is relevant to my point . 
   i do n't see how any of your comments are relevant to my point - because my initial comment referred to conventional warfare and how russia would suck at it against the us and its allies . 
  you can of course talk how russia would suck at a conventional warfare if it makes you feel better , but this is like discussing that, 
  china would conquer the world if everyone was fighting with nothing but spears . 
  absolutely true , and irrelevant in the real world . 
  that 's my point . 
  discussing the open large-scale war between russia and the west with the presumption that nuclear weapon will not be used is either fantasy or idiocy . 
   shift towards nuclear weapons , which i only mentioned in the context of being russia 's only deterrent, 
  oh , they have one of the largest arsenal of the most powerful weapon in human history as their _ only _ deterrent ? 
  sounds pity , 
   it does n't make me feel better - the original commenter asked for a source on specific claims from the article ( re-read his comment ) , i did n't have the original source , but provided an alternative that focuses on the same topic - russia losing a conventional war to try to prove that this is not a bold claim , but something that has been discussed before . 
  the original comment was about usa attack on russian troops in syria , which is what , one thousand personnel ? 
  you proceeded with a discussion of a large scale conventional war . 
  that 's not the same topic . 
   and you proceeded to discredit the source , one of the russia 's top officials , and shift towards nukes . 
  got it , rogozin is a credible source in your eyes . 
  imo this is a pretty significant development . 
  it makes total sense from the business perspective , but i was sure it would be blocked because of the political pressure . 
   russia , without a question . 
  why do you think low p/e for russian market is not justified ? 
  could you please post it again on 16th november ? 
   great news for ukraine . 
  this will help ukraine raise money . 
  and is a sign of western trust . 
  well , it seems the west has far more trust in russia then , as its rating is two steps higher . 
  on a serious note , i doubt that this `` will help ukraine raise money '' . 
  afaik ukraine is now borrowing money either from imf or using western loan guarantees . 
  in both cases the borrowers do n't care much about credit ratings . 
  and `` b - '' is still non-investment grade , so interest rates from private landers will be very high . 
  / u/thepandarider asked the wrong question . 
  you can of course find some ways to diversify , the question is - why do you want to diversify as a company ? 
  it 's often argued in financial literature that diversification which does n't produce real synergies is pointless and even harmful for companies , as they have no expertise in the new field and fail miserably . 
  so the companies should focus on things which they do well and let the owners diversify . 
  but oh well , diversification - good , solar - good , oil - bad . 
  it 's / r/worldnews after all . 
  it seems you were n't the best econ student , were you ? 
   oil price in europe is currently $ 44/barrel , and they have a break even point of $ 60 , so making a profit at all is impressive . 
  well , that 's because your 60 $ figure is wrong . 
   the usa will also be producing a lot more oil and natural gas, 
  it wo n't . 
  usa does n't have any large low-cost oil reservoirs which are forbidden to extract . 
  and it 's already a marginal producer , with little room for cost reductions . 
  oh , sorry , did n't realize i was talking to a moron . 
  american geniuses will be extracting oil with negative costs soon ( why has their oil output been declining since 2015 btw ? 
  never mind , must be temporary thing ) , just take it easy . 
  my favorite country is netherlands . 
  what 's up with them ? 
   costs have dramatically dropped since the downturn in prices and as a result , $ 40-50 has become the price where a producer can make a their money back plus a nice rate of return . 
  well , i have to disagree about rate of return with 40 $ price . 
  afaik the best oil companies in usa ( like eog ) have break even price around 30 $ , but on average it 's higher , i.e. 
  usa is a marginal producer . 
  anyway , my point was that there is little room for _ further _ cost reductions . 
  do you agree with that ? 
   it never officially recognized its fault . 
  this is hilarious . 
  ok , and there is official forensic report which analyzed the circumstances of the crash and concluded that a missile from rebels ' territory could never take down the plane . 
  it 's super funny how you guys ( rightfully ) ridicule russian story about mh 17 and people who believe it , but then disable all brainpower and swallow ukrainian idiotic tales . 
   it was never challenged by s7, 
  that 's just a blatant lie . 
  which can be refuted by opening even wikipedia page about hte accident . 
   `` women get 10 percent in russia by law , '' oesterlund wrote back . 
  `` in dubai they get 0 percent . '', 
  wtf ? 
  it 's 50 % in russia by law , can be checked within 30 seconds of googling . 
   what i can say is that leaked russian plan to destabilize ukraine in november and later has been, 
  proved to be a complete fantasy . 
  just like all those `` imminent summer offensives '' . 
  disproof of what exactly ? 
  there was a `` leak '' that something big would happen on 15th of november - and then nothing . 
  you can of course interpret any negative news about ukraine as `` russian efforts '' , but this theory is impossible to disprove , thus it 's worthless . 
   let 's see what happens next . 
  and if nothing happens for a month , you 'll just say that russians have obviously failed , right ? 
  personally i 'm surprised that russian government has taken the risk of getting a really pissed off potus , and succeeded against the odds . 
  it 's interesting to see what the reward is , if any . 
  but of course the prevailing outrage about `` meddling with our affairs !!! '', 
  is extremely amusing . 
  a dose of your own medicine could n't harm , am i right ?
