   they made 100 and sold 45 ? 
  magnificent joke , buddy . 
  the answer is `` no '' . 
   ukraine 's parliament voted the president out, 
  and failed to get enough votes . 
  that was poor attempt to legitimize the coup anyway . 
  programming . 
  dell , can you please sell me a 16gb version without this stupid touch display ? 
   got into a oil war with the west it lost, 
  you 've lost me here . 
  sorry , but it looks like you really do not know much . 
  `` russian war with the west '' as a description of the oil market is ridiculous , read some decent analysis about the topic . 
  and i 'm not a putin 's advocate , just do n't like wishful thinking . 
   the ukrainian government has had nothing to do with this, 
  are the guys who has openly bragged about this under arrest ? 
   you 're a big boy , you can look it up . 
  i see , you do n't understand the concept of rhetorical question . 
   mir and incremental compilation . 
  will it reduce rustc recompilation time ? 
  i 've heard contradictory statements . 
  it looks like a self-fulfilling opinion . 
  according to that logic poland was also an ally of nazi germany . 
  this is hilarious . 
   do you know for instance , how much the eu pays for the new chernobyl shelter ? 
  please compare that to what russia is contributing which is much more responsible for cleaning up the mess that the soviet system caused . 
  i just like how all positive industrial things left by the soviet system ( like aerospace or nuclear industry ) are glorious achievements of the ukrainian nation , but the negative sides - like chernobyl - are of course russian fault . 
  he said `` russia is responsible for cleaning up the mess that the soviet system caused '' . 
  why it is so if the mess is not russia 's fault ? 
  what would happen to euro in this scenario ? 
  i mean , how would it be disbanded in case of eu collapse ? 
   the `` democratic process '' ? 
  i think you mean , `` mob rule . '', 
  that 's why most modern democracies are actually some form of republic , because having the masses decide major policy is usually stupid . 
  how many britons were even a little bit qualified to decide britain 's eu policy ? 
  especially considering how many of them apparently did n't even know what the eu was ? 
  if stupid britons are not qualified to decide britain 's eu policy , what makes them qualified to choose britain 's rulers ( i.e. 
  those who should decide eu policy ) ? 
  let 's abolish democracy already . 
   the actual bankers ( the talent ) will move to zurich or paris . 
  sorry , how does this work ? 
  they will move from london ( not in the eu ) to zurich ( not in the eu ) why ? 
  yeah , making huge investments while prices were high worked so well for oil producers ... 
  excuse me , have i understood correctly ? 
  are you sarcastically implying that putin is behind this murder , because the victim 's friend was killed a year ago near putin 's residence ? 
   us invasion does not imply other invasions . 
  russian invasions imply other invasions . 
  and why is that ? 
  it looks like you 've made a bold broad claim and ca n't defend it . 
  personally i think that another middle-east us invasion is far more likely than russian invasion of nato member over 10y horizon . 
  well , your post makes sense , but i slightly disagree on this part . 
   invading and annexing crimea demonstrates a desire to `` restore '' former territory to them in order to keep things as they were, 
  i view both crimea annexation and war in georgia as an attempt to keep things as they are ( black sea fleet , de facto independence of south ossetia ) , not were during ussr period or earlier . 
  status quo , basically . 
  in that case the war in donbass should be _ far _ more worrying for baltic states et al , as it was a creation of new frozen conflict , not support of existing ones . 
   there 's literally a ton of articles right here , that analyze russia 's behavior and intentions . 
  yeah , no shit sherlock . 
  i 've read a lot of them . 
  are you saying that they _ all _ support the claim `` us invasion does not imply other invasions . 
  russian invasions imply other invasions . '' ? 
  if they do not , then why did you tell me to read em , instead of articulating arguments which support your claim ? 
  like worldman1 did , for example . 
   because many fighters are not ukrainian . 
  they are financed from and armed from abroad . 
  they are clearly terrorists . 
  how is this related in any way ? 
  they either commit terror acts or not . 
  nationality or source of financing ca n't make you terrorist . 
  there -  their , i guess ? 
  they mostly kill combatants in ( surprise ! ), 
  a combat . 
  you can of course call it `` terrorism '' in the broadest sense to fit your agenda , but all you achieve doing this is devaluing the term . 
   i 'm not even talking about coal mining - that industry was destroyed in russia , in rostov region - next to donetsk , the only profitable mines were owned by akhmetov . 
  sorry , ca n't parse this sentence . 
  are you saying that coal mining industry was destroyed in russia or only in rostov region ? 
  if it 's the latter , i tend to agree ( because kuzbass region is superior to donbass ) . 
  if it 's the former , i do n't even ... 
  privatization and modernization of coal industry is one of the few major successes in russian economic history since ussr split . 
  just look at how many people were occupied in 1991 and how much coal did they produce . 
  and compare it to 2015 . 
  hint : a lot more coal per miner nowadays , i.e. 
  huge productivity gains . 
   do you really think it 's that easy to just drop off javelins and just be done with it ? 
  works in call of duty ... 
   why does n't russia join nato, 
  because russia has n't been invited . 
  do n't want to even start with this `` assad is evil , his opposition are unicorns eating rainbows '' bs . 
  by your definition nobody in syrian conflict is acting in good faith . 
   from what i understand putin was n't so opposed to it like 10 yrs back or something . 
  and this is irrelevant , because russia has n't been ever invited to join nato . 
  it 's just unrealistic . 
   the problem with current russia is that putin transformed it into an economy , highly dependent on resources, 
  russian economy has been highly dependent on resource export since the fall of ussr . 
  actually it 's the soviet legacy . 
  i mean , putin can and should be blamed for the failure to fix this problem , but saying he _ created _ it is just ignorant . 
  interesting report , but i do n't see how it contradicts my point . 
   you can see in the graphs that i offered that the resource industry was in disarray in the 90-ies . 
  practically a clean slate , but putin chose to go with the energy sector , therefore strengthening russia 's dependence on oil and gas . 
  this is what i 'm referring to . 
  sorry , this does n't make sense from my pov . 
  clean slate , really ?
