question 1 : who is the president/current leader of the eu ? 
  because it 's supposed to be a democracy ( the parliament anyway ) . #  you can be pro-democracy , as in , recognize that some form of a representative democracy would be preferable over an aristocracy , and still be against referendums with which 51 % of the populous can vote to take rights away from the 49 % not really . 
  you 'd have to explicity qualify that as being pro- * representative * democracy . 
   something britain has always fought for since america was born . 
  nope , see the corn laws . 
  i 've crossed a border . 
  good fences make good neighbours . 
   the american president will be your new overlord . 
   europeans actually believe this . 
  no , more like liberals have a bias that they think magically makes the world the place they want it to be . 
  the linked article does not argue that point . 
  not really much point when you 're getting downvoted and not being listened to . 
   it is the term describing them best no , it is n't . 
   you 're the one turning it into an insult . 
  what ? 
  `` far right '' is a good way for the liberal globalist media to try to slander any group who are anti-eu and anti-immigration . 
  what a disgrace to journalism they are . 
  a metric in which eastern europe consistently does better than western europe . 
  why does anyone show respect to their superiors ? 
  `` same-sex marriage '' is a contradiction in terms . 
   my intent was comedic effect another example of how intent does n't always successfully transfer to action . 
  so obviously this has nothing to do with the predominant values of 1542 in particular , since there was no `` gay marriage '' in 2012 either . 
  u know that `` gay marriage '' only became a thing in france in 2013 right ? 
  why is the uk included in this ? 
  that 's a bit racist is n't it ? 
  this is the country that the eu wants to make their next candidate for membership, 
  is afd the only non-leftist party polling over 5 % ? 
  typical of the insatiable continental desire for domination . 
  at least trump is n't writing our laws for us, 
  remainers btfo, 
  yes it will , easily, 
  because the constitutional rules for such a scenario * were n't * set out clearly . 
  that 's why this ruling was n't unanimous . 
  she did n't . 
  there was precedent for potentially using the royal prerogative in such a case . 
  the fact that 3 judges ruled in her favour should tell you that . 
  the uk contains four countries ; england , scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  how many people actually think of the eu as being their ( primary ) nation ? 
  ugh stop trying to make eu nationalism happen . 
  after we leave it 'll probably drop to like 6th or something i 'm guessing, 
  until we leave , then it 'll probably slip to 6th or something i 'm guessing, 
   brexit may hold risks for britain - the economy and the supremacy of london as europe 's financial capital being two of them . 
   but the rest of the european union also faces risks . 
   and , according to the governor , those risks are greater for the continent . 
  interesting . 
   except the government is saying nothing and much of the uk expect impossible demands to be met . 
  which does n't really have a bearing on my point . 
   if you think that free movement , which was shown to be a net benefit nope , it has n't by any means . 
   right , it 's fine that they 're leaving out the rest of the uk in these discussions . 
  especially northern ireland !, 
  you know that the uk government represents all of the uk yeah ? 
   well yours does not have any relation to reality at all . 
  more so than yours . 
  you really should have edited this to something more inflammatory xd, 
   because there could and would have been considerable discussion in the uk and eu on the matter of reform . 
  there is considerable discussion in the uk and eu on the matter of brexit right now . 
   and we know what things are like in the eu , and what we benefit from it . 
  we also know the drawbacks of the eu , drawbacks that are unlikely to ever be resolved . 
   now we 're leaving , there is a lot at risk , more than most in the uk admit , and there is no plan to even mitigate the damage . 
  just because plans are n't published does n't mean they do n't exist . 
   it 's a bit like wandering around , and then deciding that throwing one 's self off the cliff edge is a good idea because you ca n't see the bottom . 
  as opposed to being tied to the cliff and having to face the waves , wind and salt before keeling in to starvation ? 
  let 's stop the ridiculous metaphors shall we ? 
  well as the comments on here are generally criticising the diversity on what sort of brexit we should have ( from the government , tory mps , labour , ukip etc ) i think that leavers are entitled to level similar criticisms at remain politicians . 
  it 's not about the ability to reform in itself . 
  it 's about a specific type of reform . 
  i think it 's just as valid for leavers to point out the lack of collective agreement on the remain side as it is for remainers to point out that leavers are divided on what sort of brexit they want . 
  do you disagree ? 
   i do n't think people would vote for something they wanted drastic changes to . 
  they would if they believed that a brexit would make it much harder for them to realise their european project , which is pretty hard to disagree with . 
  just saying reform `` can be done '' would never be a satisfactory argument to the majority of the british population . 
  the point is moreso that just as leavers are disagreed on what they want the uk position to be outside of the eu , remainers were similarly divided on what the eu should look like . 
  but only one side seem to be getting attacked for this . 
  any remainer who was influential in british politics or part of the remain campaign always said they wanted to reform the eu . 
  none of them were satisfied with the status quo . 
  clearly some people thought it was that bad . 
  and even amongst remainers ( at least those who are in influential political positions ) you would never hear someone say that eu was fine as it is . 
  and it 's exactly the same on the flip side . 
  all remainers say that they want `` reform '' of the eu , but none of them agree on ( or often even express ) what their favoured reforms would be . 
  and even if they did have a plan for reform of the eu , there 's absolutely no reason to believe that they 'd be able to achieve it . 
  lol ; https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=swedish+social+services+isis look at the top result . 
  that 's part of it . 
  he who spares the rod hates his child . 
  i don think i could be so easy to trust in a society where [ stuff like this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-36026458 ) has become acceptable for the government to do . 
  this is absolutely not an 18th century map . 
  and it seems to have been made by a portuguese by the looks of india and africa . 
  the ecthr will probably try to make us give them it back . 
  not really , in common parlance anyway, 
   you also have problems with geography too . 
  how big do you reckon the computer i 'm typing this on is ? 
  probably the size of the channel at least do n't ya think ? 
  did n't know that i 'm a country , thanks for letting me know . 
  what ? 
  yeah , i mean ireland , italy and the usa are obviously all more atheistic than russia , china and belarus ... 
  europe has shitty morals . 
   all told , he discovered 500 cases of physical abuse and 67 cases of sexual abuse . 
  key part of the article . 
  i wonder what the threshold for `` physical abuse '' is . 
  probably because it 's a big organisation with a lot of people in it, 
  it 's too difficult to meaningfully engage with people who i assume are being deliberately dense .
