  they derailed constitutional court ( or tribunal , however you call it ) which oversees that laws have to follow the constitution . 
  by doing so pis can introduce any law they please since laws are binding until cc deems them unconstitutional . 
  sure , but michnik recorded illegal proposal . 
  this recent drama was recording illegally highly positioned politicians , ministers , doing legal things and nothing they said was deemed illegal . 
  believe you me , pis would make a show out of this . 
  i doubt he 's trolling . 
  apparently most of the people i talk to tend to see those tapes as a huge scandal , leaving me scratching my head and thinking what 's the big deal . 
  i do think that raiding `` wprost '' was mishandled but i do n't think anyone from previous gov told police to do so ; most likely it was some overzealous officer . 
  then again i could be wrong . 
  anyhow your post should be at the top of this comment thread . 
  never knew that , thanks . 
  it 's since been overturned . 
  right ? 
  even mods put a rule in place that there is no such thing as incompatible cultures and anyone saying it will be banned . 
  i mean the west is so disjointed from reality it 's quite astounding . 
  can you calculate the trajectory of said shell ? 
  where it lands couple dozen kilometers away ? 
  because artillery fire is useless unless you can fire it upon the enemy . 
  hint : we like booze . 
  what is wrong with either of these ? 
  how is it significant for poland ? 
  honest question . 
   i think pis is going to use such methods . 
  eh and they were the ones saying previous gov was inept at retrieving the wreckage . 
  there is no other way to retrieve it from russia than diplomacy . 
  i 'm afraid pis is incapable of that . 
  funny how now they are saying that but during current president 's visit to uk he kept on talking in how a bad state poland is ; politicians from pis on their journeys to usa were doing the same . 
  yeah i usually got sweets on 6th . 
  sooooometimes toys . 
  i should be more clear . 
  i live in warsaw , where santa claus is the dominating gift giver but christmas i spent in the region with starman tradition . 
  the difference between the two is that santa claus leaves presents under the pillow on 6th of dec while starman leaves them under the christmas tree on christmas eve , the 24th . 
  yup , i was spoiled and got presents twice . 
   she commited a crime , no question about that . 
   she should be taken down , but it was n't doable because of the shitstorm everyone did around it because of methods used . 
  when they use unlawful methods to take someone down it 's on them and it is their fault that a criminal goes free . 
  what ? 
  where did you get this from ? 
  what are those huge black zones ? 
  there are so many nuke signs all over the place i 'm just going ahead and assume everything between france and belarus would be a radioactive wasteland . 
  i 'm afraid they wo n't . 
  gov will figure out a spin that points out `` an enemy '' that took their money . 
   can you recall enything bad pis did i do n't know how old are you but 2005-2007 was quite recently . 
  seducing a woman to commit a crime is pretty bad do n't you think ? 
  `` spectacular arrest '' of dr g probably led to dozens of deaths . 
  [ more on topic . 
  ] ( https://www.dawca.pl/aktualnosci/24539,polska-transplantologia-wychodzi-z-zapasci ) [ nice graph 1 , ] ( http://i40.tinypic.com/jtl8v9.jpg ) [ nice graph 2 ] ( http://gosc.pl/files/old/gosc.pl/zalaczniki/2010/04/14/1271274078/1271274305.jpg ) ( for others-graph of number of transplants in poland ) . 
  yeah i think the weather is bad for christmas spirit ... oh , not on subject ? 
  i thought we were picking whatever subject we think of since that 's what you started . 
  no , i 'm not arguing with you on what po did . 
  we were talking about pis , let 's stay on it . 
   quit this bs against pis , they never had even chance to do anything wrong umm yes they did . 
  and they did wrong . 
   media and tk are not completly independent says who ? 
  on what grounds ? 
  pis will make them independent ? 
  just like yesterday they passed a law to make tk dependent on them ? 
   they 'll be given the austrian treatment of '99 in no time . 
  now that would fuel their propaganda . 
  i 'm afraid it 's the poorest ones that will pay most . 
  or more likely , will feel it the most . 
  i mean ' i 'm good just like you and even if i got 10 % less income i would n't go bankrupt . 
  those with less to begin with will feel it deeply when prices in hipermarkets rise , to pay for the new tax . 
  no , you can clearly see that pis won - they got most of the votes . 
  those graphs represent numbers of voters . 
  look closer . 
  i 'm too lazy to do the math but giving it a quick look you can see that pis voters are mostly less educated - their electorate is dominated by less educated . 
  you 'd have to know how many people with grammar education voted ( pis got 56 % of that ) and how many with higher ed voted ( pis got 30 % of that ) . 
  i 'm going ahead and assume former is larger than the latter . 
  it really sticks out how most of the nowoczesna voters have higher ed . 
  i will argue that higher education title is very unequal . 
  it 's fashionable to have one and so most ( citation needed ) of the young people do , while not using their education later on in life . 
   the two pis voters i know , do n't really care about pis ' platform . 
  instead , they talk a lot about how po has ruined poland . 
  that 's the problem . 
  poland is doing great but outright lies from pis , which were never properly addressed by po ( or anyone else for that matter ) , grew in people 's heads to be true . 
  lie told 100 times etc. 
  po has been indeed a disappointment but they have not ruined us . 
  it 's been happening for a few years now . 
  they lied for years to construct this `` establishment '' they `` are fighting with '' . 
  people have been brainwashed . 
  let 's it shit , millions of flies could not be wrong !, 
  my point is that majority is not always right . 
  sure we elected pis but they instead of ruling the country try to overthrow the democracy . 
  you can say whatever you want but pis did not get elected to change the constitution nor to ignore it . 
  that is your prerogative . 
  it just ca n't be proven illegal . 
  i believe you are overthinking things . 
  if i lied to you 99 times , would you still consider me being truthful by hundredth time ? 
  truth be told i have to agree with you on this one but on the other hand i keep on reading still independent outlets that were anti-pis all along . 
  perhaps gov controlled media put some different spin on things . 
  actually , with macierewicz the rule of the thumb is that he is wrong until proven otherwise . 
   have 14 days since the 3rd of december already passed ? 
  could you borrow me this amazing time machine of yours ? 
   there exist certain deadlines , and before they are exceeded all the talk about supposed `` withholding '' is entirely void . 
  where do those certain deadlines exist . 
  please cite me with a paragraph . 
  because constitution say `` without delay '' ( bezzw\u0142ocznie ) . 
  14 days is pis imaginary interpretation . 
   and mindbogglingly more involved .
