  i 'd call it an issue not a scandal . 
  sure , the thing about blocking investigation is probably criminal but the rest of it is few people wiretapping politicians in search of fame . 
  he 's that good . 
  everyone knows one just does n't use the bomb . 
   people here are not anti-eu at best do we have a consensus on that ? 
  personally it 's not at all like that in my experience . 
  did n't we tell you so ? 
  poland requested to invade germany in 1933 with french/brits before germans started rolling out of control . 
  it 's countries that think they are too far to concern themselves that do n't want to act . 
  ultimately it bites everyone in the ass . 
  worse than that . 
  you can hold the flat sliver but not when you 're being bombarded from both sides - from the cities and from russian territory . 
  democracy = / = freedom . 
  just as totalitarianism = / = nazis , soviets and so on . 
  russia is supposedly democratic and by the looks of government approval ratings , it 's not that far off of democracy . 
  china is autocratic ( ? ), 
  and because people have most of the rights it 's working fine . 
  no biggie , he would quarrel with everyone and force elections before due date . 
  it 's a disputed territory , not a border change . 
  border change happens when international community says it does . 
  borders are just lines on sand , it 's people who recognize them . 
  did n't uk and france declare war on germany on 3rd ? 
  soviets were waiting till 17th to see what happens and when nothing happened they invaded . 
  so the big companies get to know what 's up but public and smaller companies do not ? 
  i do n't want to point fingers but someone is getting screwed here . 
  too bad . 
  ruling party would score couple of points for this . 
  personally , i like the idea even though it 's obvious trolling . 
  it 's harmless but funny . 
  will try , thanks . 
  4,5 % ( according to the label ) you do n't even know is there !, 
  [ some history of our anthem til ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland_is_not_yet_lost#influence ), 
  chef = / = chief, 
  it 's basically fizzy apple juice . 
  even if someone chooses to go and eat for free , they still have to do something with their money . 
  we were sold out to soviets , we had no marshall 's plan , only `` soviet brotherly help '' . 
  it was 1955 ... 90 % of warsaw was destroyed during wwii , it took some time to rebuild it . 
  awesome . 
  i wish the same was done to the palace . 
  couple of our stations also serve as nuclear fallout shelters . 
  but the point is , they could n't afford to build * us * a metro . 
  that was the idea of the photo . 
  otherwise the central piece ( the palace ) would n't be holding all the focus of the picture , you 'd look around other buildings . 
  also it would show how out of place it is now . 
  sure , where do i send an invoice ? 
  and it has vitamin c among many other nutrients . 
  that was the et cetera . 
  it depends . 
  it 's macroscale we are talking about . 
  if i were turkey/brasil / w/e i 'd with a smile on my face sell my expensive products to russia while buying cheap from eu . 
  we will see how it evens out ( supply and demand ) but i think russians will receive the shorter end of the stick . 
  why ? 
  because their market options are now limited while ours can be widened . 
  i wonder how geopolitics adds to the mix . 
  if us and eu lobby other countries to limit exports to russia or influence their prices russia could indeed be shooting itself in the foot . 
  even russia has n't recognized those places as states so unless they do so , they formally ca n't do what you say . 
  because we were embargoed so often ` just because ' it 's foolish to not seek divergence by the sellers . 
  they know their income depends on russia 's whims yet they have n't switched their production , gambling it will be fine . 
  that 's what you get for not thinking ahead . 
  they literally had years to look for another market . 
  if you think that big business does not know what 's in there you 're naive . 
  if this treaty is as disruptive as it needs to be negotiated behind closed doors , it has already leaked to those who it might concern . 
  the only ones kept in the dark are medium and small businesses without political connections and public . 
  no , he meant warsaw as a capital which does attract most of the businesses , where average wage is higher than elsewhere in poland and where people move to due to job opportunities . 
  it does sound alike but from what i 've heard about moscow , warsaw does not have that big of a discrepancy ( but that might be due to lower gdp of poland ) . 
  when it spoils , we 'll drink it instead !, 
  so we keep hearing only bad things coming out regarding ttip , yet [ / r/europe is still mostly positive ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2aukmn/stop_ttip_european_citizens_initiative_against/ ) about it . 
  i do n't get it . 
  we 've been fed a nice dose of skepticism be it honest or propaganda , so the least we should do is to demand full disclosure . 
  i 'm not calling to strike it down , i want to verify what 's in it . 
  yeah ... we do n't find it amusing in the slightest . 
  at least i do n't , do n't know what 's media coverage on that . 
  have they mastered rain and snow ? 
  last time i heard they did n't . 
  they are still very much in testing . 
  most of communication laws describe certain conditions a driver has to meet to be allowed to drive . 
  no driver - no driving . 
  i assume uk created special zone which allows for that for testing purposes . 
  or , you know , `` i do n't know , i have no time , leave me alone '' . 
  sounds about right . 
  i 'm just glad it was swede that said that . 
  actually it would be a good idea to have a bot send this message to every new user or just put a huge ass red notification upon registration . 
  for us ? 
  useless clutter . 
  as / u/yaix said , do n't count on it . 
  kim jong un has a western education . 
  it 's up to historians to determine whether or not numbers have been tempered with . 
  since there was no polish state i imagine occupants to fudge the numbers for their gains or w/e . 
  i always though our southern parts were more populated back then . 
  anyhow that was over 100 years after we disappeared from the maps so anything could 've happened . 
  also for our european readers , after the ww2 , when new borders were drawn there was a mass relocation of civil population so this map has only historical value . 
  i like how sweden 's land is 1/3 lakes in this picture . 
  might be a mistranslation . 
  besides ` disguised ' does not only have a negative meaning . 
  no , not that much but i was n't aware of big cities up north . 
  oh i see , that should be plenty enough , thanks . 
  up there ? 
  from what i understand there 's very little population up north and maintenance has to be done . 
  curious , do they employ very few people ? 
  you should invest in western ukraine .
