  it 's quite common in here . 
  well done , you 've almost crashed my browser . 
  i really have n't ... what 's even more funny , i 'm from warsaw . 
  i think i 'll purposefully look for it next time . 
  i 've never seen neither belvedere nor chopin ... that 's odd . 
  that looks like skyrim incantation, 
  why did n't i ever think of calling / s ` sincere ' tag ? 
  brilliant . 
  well they did kindly ask us , hungarians , slovaks and romanians to join in . 
  now , now , let 's not hyperbole that . 
  i agree we should improve our own infrastructure to grow independent of us but i see no hate here nor do i feel it towards americans . 
  i can see what us gov does but as long as it stays on their side of pond i 'm semi-cool with that . 
  our largest and most populated province mazowsze signed contract to lay down 3680km of fiber in the whole region , covering 95 % inhabitants and all the companies in the region . 
  fiber infrastructure will be open to every provider willing to use it . 
  the whole thing costs 458mln z\u0142oty ( ~ 110mln euros ) but eu donates the project with 340mln z\u0142 ( ~ 82mln euros ) . 
  if this is not the technological jump i do n't know what is . 
  i second this confirmation . 
  we need one more to make it a certainty . 
  well ... calling snails fish was alongside the will of the people , so i would n't joy with this made up statistic . 
   you do n't fucking mess with the bear , you throw him a victim once in a while and just hope that he wo n't eat you next . 
  did n't work so well in 1930 's, 
  oh i 'm quite certain that we would after all that happened with ukraine . 
  3 days ? 
  look up [ battle of wizna ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_wizna ) ( [ polish source ] ( http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/obrona_wizny ) ) . 
  i would n't cross our guys out yet . 
  they are portuguese, 
  oh i see , carry on then . 
   than white people !, 
  uh ... eastern europe is very much white . 
  that 's how we survived the crisis . 
  at the time it hit we had tons of infrastructure being built . 
  and two days later 100,000 were celebrating the fact . 
  i do n't know we would . 
  you think we are underdeveloped ? 
  well , if we were to merge w ukraine it would be an anchor to our budget . 
  we 've got enough of our own problems , i think we 'll pass . 
  can someone please record those two spoken correctly and share ? 
  i meant my comment to be sarcastic but thanks . 
  i see . 
  thanks . 
  you can now visit wieliczka through google street view , get amazed and come see it first hand . 
  if you meet someone once every , let 's say , month you can see how they changed but if you 're living with someone on a daily basis you miss small changes here and there that occur throughout the month . 
  although one would have to be blind to not notice how poland has changed in the last 10 years ( thanks eu !, 
  afraid ? 
  i would n't say so . 
  it 's more of a concern of what others might think and how they perceive you afterwards . 
  sanctions ? 
  i always wonder . 
  are those people actors standing there ? 
  there are always crowds to meet him . 
  they are using imperial units and are driving on the wrong side of the road , they suffer enough , cut them some slack . 
  what in the actual fuck ? 
  can we please not go us way of putting business ahead of public ? 
  i was very skeptical regarding this trade agreement from the beginning but i did n't think it would be that bad . 
  well ... 
  the last time someone demanded that it did n't end well for anyone . 
  while you 're right i think you misunderstood / u/olddoc 's point . 
  you can pivot wherever you wish and do whatever but if need be you can jump back to europe and still be the guy calling all the shots . 
  it 's like `` you kids play nice here in europe while uncle sam takes a look at pacific '' but when things go downhill you lean back and threaten with your finger . 
  it hurts me twice as much because i consider myself european and because it shows we are still reliant on us . 
  at least it 's efficient when mods do what they are supposed to do . 
  it 's the same with democracy vs dictatorship , one is very slow to act but single person even at the top ca n't bring it down while the other is swift but when someone with power goes nuts shit hits the fan . 
  thanks i 'm on mobile and it was hard to find any decent sources, 
  thanks i 'm on mobile and it was hard to find any decent sources, 
  kindly asking for source, 
  no argument there, 
  ukraine is not in nato unlike baltic states . 
  they are throwing huge amounts of money at renewables . 
  iirc they plan to be 80 % renewable by 2035 . 
  and you can prolong ` r ' to your liking !, 
  that 's fine , we admire you 're even trying . 
  in other words they are obsolete , pain in the ass to learn and you are perceived as illiterate if you make a mistake . 
  why would you hurt yourself like that ? 
  have you got any good eu alternatives ? 
  us companies dominate the internet due to favorable legislations and huge monolinguistic market . 
  i see what you mean . 
  personally i stick to english even when speaking to my countrymen because this is an english speaking community and i do n't want to stand out by using language most do n't understand . 
  to me writing in any language here but english is mildly rude ; not because english is superior or sth but because we agreed upon to use it for communication . 
  how do you reconcile this  non-english comments with this  please translate if someone does n't speak the language he/she obviously ca n't translate their words . 
  expecting someone who understands to jump on and translate for the rest of us is silly . 
  you 'd need an interpreter to have a conversation with said person . 
  besides more often than not sentences in other language than english are off-topic . 
  personally i do n't mind non-english sentences but i 'd prefer to have a translation alongside . 
  i get it that poe 's law comes in effect when dealing with written language but we can create software to at least properly translate the meaning . 
  sensing emotions will be on par with humans - not 100 % accurate . 
  and that is precisely my point . 
  we all agreed to participate in english speaking community because if everyone used their own language it would be a mess . 
  at least until we invent 100 % accurate translator . 
  there 's plenty of place on reddit platform for any language subreddit . 
  point is , it should n't be needed . 
  better late than never !, 
  being a man is hard in cases like this ... 
  thanks, 
  what joke am i missing ? 
  correct . 
  although ww2 era is n't the only reason to call them ` untrustworthy ' . 
  i 'd say the better part of past millennium has something to do with it . 
  while those results do not reflect my views i think that 's how they came to be . 
  no can do , us patented it . 
  [ battle of wizna ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_wizna ) .
