  if eu granted asylum that would be completely different case . 
  you really believe that if we stamp our feet , us the ~ 320mln population country with 16trillion $ gdp will take us seriously ? 
  one does not just go around fucking about with a superpower both military and economically . 
  those drills we do in search for slate gas ? 
  yeah , that 's american technology we use . 
  / u/czacha said more on the subject, 
  * cough * scotland * cough *, 
   sticking it to us for delaying visa-free travel for far too long yeah that would be beneficial . 
  we need us more than they need us , sadly . 
  i doubt po would score anything because i do n't think many people are concerned about this whole nsa shitstorm and even fewer know who snowden is . 
  as much as i 'd like to grant snowden asylum i have to agree with sikorski 's stance on the matter . 
  i hear witcher 3 is made in eu , 
  due to poor internet service i 'd lower the score to 9/10, 
  sorry i thought he meant `` map of redditors in / r/europe '' . 
  i might have derped there, 
  can be done when survey results are up, 
  nsa is going to have tons of fun with this, 
  i have to say , that part with `` do n't drink vodka shots toe to toe with a man named borys '' made me laugh, 
  chess is a gaming platform ? 
  very limited on games i imagine . 
  they wo n't even if we manage to get brazillion signatures . 
  they have legal obligations and fines for breaking those are not worth `` showing that they care '' . 
  well you ca n't get better source than ceo . 
  he 's biased but even if you add 50 % more time to what he 's declaring it 's only 7,5 years . 
  yeah i 'm aware of engineering problems they have to overcome but they are just that - engineering problems . 
  guys at google have already all the hardware they need and there are lots of smart people wandering about . 
  [ there you go ] ( http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9231707/self_driving_cars_a_reality_for_39_ordinary_people_39_within_5_years_says_google_39_s_sergey_brin ) . 
  technologically they will be capable to enter the market , question is will our current laws allow for that ? 
  yes i do know the difference between strong and weak ai , i was just suggesting that advancements in ai field are huge and that true ai might be not that far off . 
  with current advancements i do n't believe we are far away from such an event . 
  the first shock will be with driverless cars which are more efficient and reliable and are due to hit the market in about 5 years . 
  implications of that will be huge and wide . 
  just saying that future is closer than most of people believe and we should think what to do about it . 
  i was referring to war damages and population lost . 
  i have no idea what mrmysterious95 meant by that . 
  some people just ca n't handle that there are no enemies in europe , not anymore . 
   the current polish pm ( ... ) please do n't mix our internal matters in here because those are only opinions . 
  i for example could n't disagree with you more . 
  have to agree on the first paragraph though, 
  you 're confusing technological advancements with biological facts . 
  family of 2 might be a modern invention but it 's based on what biology is like . 
  strictly biologically speaking we are not homosexual for a good reason . 
  child may or may not be influenced by having two fathers or two mothers but that situation in completely different from losing one or both of one 's parents . 
  why 80 - for people against to be in irrelevant minority . 
  there are many flavors of liberalism . 
  i do n't have to be ultraliberal to be liberal . 
  and you 're still racist, 
  that 's just racist . 
  i 'm liberal and just like half the france i have my concerns . 
  if law passed without protests and 80 % would be in favor of both its points then and only then you could call me an eastern caveman or such . 
  now you 're just a dumb racist, 
  i see your point and i 'm glad for him but this might be either a luck or it did n't affect him . 
  what i 'm worried about is boys being raised to become feminized men . 
  it might be the case that old enough children wo n't be affected by behavior of their parents but noone knows that . 
  i 'm worried what we might become in the long run, 
  kids were adopted or parentless since dawn of civilization due to wars , diseases you name it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's ok because it 's terrible to have lost parents but those kids grow up to be normal people even with scars on their self-esteem . 
  now , children when grow up parrot their parents because that 's how we are programmed . 
  it 's how we learn to behave and live in the environment , that 's why if you speak to your child in two languages it will be bilingual . 
  behavioral schemes are inherited by children and modify their views and psychology . 
  accepting same sex marriages and being it a norm are two different things, 
  imo it 's not good and there 's nothing to congratulate . 
  first of all i 'm liberal so if you ask me gays and lesbians should have marriages , i concur but allowing them to adopt kids is something i 'd protest the shit out of if it was to pass in here . 
  i 'm not homophobic but homosexualism is not a natural state and raising a child which inherits most of it 's opinions and views from its parents is just plain damaging . 
  yeah that boggles my mind . 
  it makes me wonder how exactly was that data collected, 
  probablz poor souls that accidentallz ctrl + shift . 
  it 's soooo annozing, 
  see ? 
  it already is confusing, 
  all this grammar caused soooo many headaches in my youth ... 
  oh , yes you are absolutely right , i derped, 
  if he had ~ ~ euro ~ ~ cad and was about to exchange that to ~ ~ cad ~ ~ euro he might feel bad . 
  otherwise it 's irrelevant, 
  you think it 's wise to believe the news at this point ? 
  the reason this is barely mentioned on the news is to avoid bank runs throughout whole europe . 
  but when banks on cyprus go bust everyone will notice and shit might hit the fan but when it happens the people knowledgeable will have already moved their money from eu . 
  thank reddit for its free speech so you know beforehand what will happen and can prepare . 
  i 'm surprised we and russians are so low ... got ta work on it this year, 
  it 's most probably in 2007 since on their website it 's the only year with full data for all countries . 
  it 's also pure alcohol consumption, 
  yes it 's pure , i 've just checked on their [ website ] ( http://data.euro.who.int/hfadb/ ), 
  i was joking but hey i 'm glad you liked your stay !, 
  have you been to poland ? 
  i hear it 's very erasmus friendly, 
  i hope we exchange more of those friendly jabs . 
  noone denies we had rough history with one another but here is hoping for brighter future, 
  not in my experience . 
  i 'm used to watch movies on my pc in original and it 's very difficult to not notice the subtitles when i 'm in the cinema . 
  i do n't know why but they are magnets you just have to look at instead of at the movie . 
  apparently there are no english sources on that , not even on wikipedia . 
  ~ ~ would you be so kind to briefly explain it ? ~ ~ i really need to boost up my german  .  edit : nvm , google translator did fair enough job, 
  wtf happened in germany in '70s ? 
  reddit is all about content . 
  there are no flashy colorful images all around , there are not many `` social '' ( meaning fb ) aspects to it - it 's all about conversation . 
  in this regard the simpler the better . 
  reddit format does n't appeal to most of the trolls and we can downvote them to hell if it does . 
  i 'm really grateful i found this site . 
  oh do n't even get me started on this topic ... 
  we sure will .
