  i wish it was more known, 
  oh shit , i need that, 
  i have some backlogs in modern history , was n't really a huge fan . 
  thank you for reminding me about that . 
  yeah i guess it makes sense . 
  option ? 
  so , modern journalism in a nutshell . 
  it 's not like we have n't been doing that for centuries ... , 
  what wonders me most is why noone claimed it post ussr on international forum . 
  i mean russia neglected investing any money there afaik because they had no rights to those lands and were afraid germans/lithuanians would successfully claim them back . 
  i would n't call the god ... 
  he 's jewish you know, 
  the worst thing they did was to approve the march . 
  i know it was formally legal and so they were obligated to approve it but cmon ... 
  there has to be something within our robust law saying this is hazardous and therefore they can not gather . 
  moreover punishment for those riots should be severe financially . 
  in digital age it is not that hard to pick every camera footage , round up the ~ ~ rioters ~ ~ morons and bill them . 
  i 'm gon na get a lot of flak for it but i 'd put preemptively bullet in the heads since as we can see , natural selection stopped working . 
  and this is why it wo n't happen, 
  now i 'm confused . 
  i never understood this classification . 
  who exactly is left and right wing ? 
  who do i call centrist ? 
  i just tagged you in res `` give this man an upvote '' for future reference . 
  hopefully we will hear some more well argumented opinions from you . 
  after all , reddit is a discussion platform . 
  foreigner using polish diacritical signs in '' \u015awinouj\u015bcie '' is a picture you do n't see every day . 
  i hear they forked their own version - sahara . 
  it 's supposedly huge down there . 
  fully agree but sadly we are either in minority or these people are more vocal . 
  fun fact : few centuries ago there actually were reusable condoms ... made of intestines and leather . 
  to be fair , abortion * is * killing a life to be . 
  personally i do n't mind until it has no brain but that is only my personal view on the matter . 
  there is no definite line when you call fetus a human . 
  since considering what exactly would you call human requires thinking ( hard stuff ! ), 
  most take the easy way and call fertilized egg a human . 
  is n't being baptized a formal farewell with church ? 
  i 'm a reason we ca n't have nice things . 
  on a more serious note , even though numbers of catholics are nowhere near 90 % in reality i think they are pretty high , maybe closer to 50 % . 
  the problem is those numbers should be irrelevant since religion belongs to private sphere of life , not to one up each other who 's more religious in sejm ... not that church is helping to combat it ... 
  it 's depressing that over here people do n't appreciate how gently crisis touched us . 
  `` regular customers '' has a strange ring to it in that context ... 
  as much as i 'm aware of that i did n't think we would stand out that much . 
  well , the technology ** is ** there . 
  we managed to create excavation mines visible from space , we clearly have technology to move huge masses of dirt around . 
  what we do n't have is monetary incentive to do so . 
  there are many things we could easily do that are too expensive . 
  whoa whoa whoa , he did n't ? 
  here 's how i see this progress : 1 . 
  great british firewall in place 2 . 
  great british firewall fails miserably 3 . 
  changing blacklist of websites blocked to whitelist of websites allowed , because think of the children !, 
  aka voila , you have your own censored internet, 
  were n't they backing from that recently ? 
  there 's always room for more freedom ^ tm, 
  no , no , growing vertically was last century 's fashion . 
  21st century is all about horizontal growth . 
  man ... 
  sometimes i have such a hard time understanding highlanders they might as well speak entirely different language . 
  god damn those steam achievements ... 
  yeah i agree , we are one stubborn nation , 
  [ and this is how warsaw looked like after uprising ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8mgnobjyum ) . 
  this seems to be the movie played at warsaw rising museum . 
  the official trailer is [ here ] ( http://www.miastoruin.pl/index_en.html ) . 
  this is a digital reconstruction based on all available images from that time . 
  [ we also kept the red ones out of europe ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_warsaw_%281920%29 ) for 2 decades at least . 
  what 's proud to be be of is we managed to do that being on the map only for 2 years after 123 years under occupation . 
  then again there is logic behind this placement ( off the top of my head ) : poland being close enough western europe so missiles fly almost instantly , not leaving much time for cover ( for the officials of course , common folks were meaningless at that time ) yet far enough so no surprise attack can take those installations down by paratroopers or such . 
  i do n't know about generals but to me creating nuclear wasteland instead of nuking someone else 's army is highly inefficient . 
  then , us being caught in crossfire is no surprise really . 
  i was referring to inland sailor taverns in warsaw, 
  warsaw is like 3h drive from masurian lakes so many people take the opportunity and go sailing during weekends, 
  hush you !, 
  now , this i have n't heard about . 
  would you give me some source to read ? 
  i believe it 's the other way around - since so many of you guys take risks many fail and that is why it 's not seen as bad as here . 
  the reason for all of that is bureaucracy in eu . 
  oh absolutely but i believe most of them are as described . 
  i go by the rule to not assign sth to malignancy what can be explained by stupidity but most of the time occam 's razor says someone ca n't possibly be that stupid and therefore has to be malign . 
  edit : like the recent cameron 's porn ban on the internet . 
   politicians who are in service of the people do n't act in service of the people . 
  since when did they ? 
  politicians all around the globe forced this twisted view of the world upon us that we , citizens , work for them and they rule us instead of them being our servants , parenting and explaining when needed . 
  i hate democracy for that but there is no chance of changing that . 
  i mean ... we own [ world record on alcohol concentration in blood ] ( http://coed.com/2011/04/25/the-5-highest-b-a-c-s-ever-recorded/ ) . 
  i 'm leaving woman from california out since she did n't survive that . 
  it 's quite common thinking here that we are matched only by russians . 
  i 'm sure he 'll find one in blitz, 
  i imagine `` please insert your card '' before you tell your destination would suffice . 
  i admit , if what you 're saying is true you just blew my mind . 
  how can your law have jurisdiction in foreign country ? 
  ianal but that seems ridiculous, 
  so what exactly does he propose we use ? 
  oh i know , let 's start as successful search engine as google , here in eu !, 
  except everyone and their grandmother tried that already . 
  seriously now , if you want to have any viable alternative to us services make legislations that make it easy to start up and be competitive in here . 
  you do n't have to have servers in germany ... 
  i know you guys have great infrastructure but dutch do too . 
  or french for that matter, 
  we as a single country ca n't do a thing because if we will we will get alienated by us worldwide influence .
