  does n't matter , they are an autonomous branch . 
  they can probably by brought before state tribunal or whatever it is called . 
   and it clearly decided contrary to the factual significance of this particular case . 
  not the best behaviour for an institution supposedly guarding the legal order . 
  factual ? 
  whose facts ? 
  pis is making this whole ordeal more convoluted that it is . 
  to a layman like me it 's quite simple : 3 judges elected by last parliament are to be vowed , 2 are not , 5 elected recently were elected based upon a law that has been ruled invalid , ergo those 5 should not sit in cc . 
  i 'm done . 
  if you do n't get it that cc 's autonomy is the whole damn point and if you think than you are more versed in constitutional law than 5 of the professors to decide what is important and not , then we have nothing more to talk about . 
  enjoy your weekend . 
  when pis president is of an opinion that judges of the cc should not be nominated , against constitution that says he does not have a say in it and delays indefinitely their vowing - again , against constitution ( whether he was right or wrong is irrelevant , constitution does not provide room for interpretation ) and when minister witholds publishing the ruling of cc * just based on her opinion * it is a o.k. 
  for pis . 
  but god forbid professors of law , specialists in constitutional law to have a different opinion , even though they are mindbogglingly more qualified . 
  only cc decides whether the case they are working on is complex or significant . 
  constitution does not provide any other third party to say otherwise . 
  you do n't have to like the constitution , you have to obey it . 
  pis was not given enough votes to change it . 
  neither prime minister nor parliament decides which matter is complex and should be decided upon by the full squad . 
  somehow nobody before pis questioned constitutional court , for 25 years , yet now there 's a problem with it . 
  everyone siding with pis on this one is deluded beyond belief . 
  cool graphics but not based on facts . 
  quick look at google maps tells you a very different story . 
  yeah when i looked at it i thought that it 's curious because those are one of the most expensive cities in poland . 
  actually , cc interprets constitution when a concern is raised . 
  constitution does n't cover each and every single case , it 's impossible ; it provides a framework and imposes limits . 
  when something is not directly written in constitution , cc decides upon it and it is a binding verdict . 
  so yes , cc can tell the president what he has to do * according to constitution * ( or to be technical - their interpretation of it ) . 
  how so ? 
  russia has all the cards . 
  there is no supernational institution we could refer to . 
  nuclear disarmament treaty . 
  you get the bragging rights to say how progressive you are . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  they are going to start throwing shit while recently russian authorities announced their investigation is being prolonged so the wreckage stays in russia . 
  pis certainly will not retrieve it . 
  here we go ... 
  technically she announced it but had no say who 's being appointed . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  it 's basically a legend . 
  man , i hope the amount of upvotes corresponds with the amount of people who caught the sarcasm , not people who agree . 
  please do n't give them ideas . 
  reading articles ? 
  please ... 
  i 'll add to this statement that in recent years we observed jobs going from salary payment to contract wages still at full time . 
  it 's because by paying wages employer does n't pay all the taxes , so payment is usually higher than the same job on salary but the employee is not protected by workers rights . 
  wow , really ? 
  yes we do care but we ca n't close our power plants because that would suffocate the economy . 
  interesting is a good way to put it . 
  i 'm going to venture a guess that close to no impact . 
  for 1,5 years new gov will be going through papers left by current gov in order to highlight the corruption . 
  i 'm only half joking . 
  i 'm going with law and justice winning without majority to rule by themselves but they will get a partner to a coalition be it kukiz or psl . 
  in the meantime they will buy out mps from other parties to form majority . 
  yup , i 'm with you on this one . 
  catholicism is more of a cultural heritage thing for me and many people in poland than religion ; though many do sincerely believe . 
  anyway , the religiousness in poland is definitely not 90 % as the official stats claim . 
  not what i expected . 
  it 's the young poles that are more open minded and progressive , just like their peers elsewhere . 
  sadly the further up you go in age of our current society the more conservative people are . 
  but yeah , those three are dumb fucks , judging by criminal record presence they are a margin of society . 
  and we in warsaw blame clowns on wiejska . 
  i 'm with you on this one . 
  there has to be some other agenda than human rights and fluff . 
  i mean , unless she had a stroke or something . 
   `` you can surely call the social security a crime group , but you ca n't call it organised . '', 
  i actually like that quote . 
  it * is * a clusterfuck . 
  i guess lots of highways and expressways being finished - you know , euro 2012 craze . 
  we really did build a lot at that time . 
  thanks to this last show i 'm questioning his stance on previous ones . 
  i 'm soooo pissed off they decided to put korwin 's rant in there . 
  granted , he should not be on a position he is but to present poland as retarded racists is too much . 
  words are cheap . 
  it 's what they are doing is rising some red flags . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  is popular among all the slavs . 
  let 's drink to that . 
  to be frank everything i 've seen could be done by machines ( although i have n't seen the entire video ) and while watching i was astounded to see it was n't . 
  independence day 2 anyone ? 
  it was n't even meant to be a franchise . 
  i do n't know how trustworthy is this site but [ here it goes . 
  ] ( http://coed.com/2011/04/25/the-5-highest-b-a-c-s-ever-recorded/ ) edit : [ wikipedia with citations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blood_alcohol_content#highest_recorded_blood_alcohol_level.2fcontent ), 
  well , we do n't mind european immigrants , you guys come from the same cultural region and besides , you can pose as tourists , 
  do you want me to make a spaghetti for you ? 
  sounds like a system human should not be in charge of and strangely fit for computer program . 
  true but were they only fundaments i doubt as many people would come and see . 
  what are ruins good for ? 
  if there really is nothing left how is it going to stimulate your imagination ? 
  i 'd assume reconstructing an ancient structure would give you a better view at the past . 
  that is why colosseum or pompeii are such attractive tourist locations . 
  it 's like giving kid a gun just because he wants it . 
  sure , he shot himself in the foot but that was his legitimate wish to wield a gun . 
  still , you only need one rotten apple to ruin it all . 
  the worst thing you can do in a democracy is to ask the people . 
  the amount of blatant lies that were tossed left and right was astonishing . 
  democracy works only if your citizens make educated decisions . 
  taller people tend to have shorter lifespans . 
  and to think for these same words you would be banned from / r/europe a mere year ago . 
  nothing .
