not at all . 
  at least according to my taste . 
  hush you !, 
  you ca n't go around telling our plans !, 
  it was not by design . 
  basically our nobility became power hungry at the time and demanded some kind of compensation from the king in order to do what he says . 
  sadly he instead of beheading dissidents chose compliance . 
  we went from kingdom to nobility driven clusterfuck and got partitioned . 
  it 's a bit more complicated that that but my history knowledge is somewhat limited so i 'll leave it as it is . 
  this time period and nobility 's shortsightedness makes my blood boil . 
  [ reminds me of this episode ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2izkdpg51dq ), 
  oh * this * one . 
  i forgot since this was more of a regional thing . 
  if only logic applied to our railways ... 
  huh , we did ? 
  sir !, 
  we 've received casus belli on russian federation allowing us to - acquire state ( crimea ), 
  thank god for you guys standing up for us all . 
  if it were any other country , everyone would dismiss it . 
  that 's what guys from boston meant way back . 
  why incentives instead of liquidating the hurdles ? 
  people tend to procreate more often when they have some free time and are not worried about future income and/or have enough disposable income . 
  in other words make economic growth happen and leave the rest to nature . 
  so that 's what this alexa is . 
  i was wondering what is this and how did they get a hold of such statistics . 
  that 's what i meant by `` who do you propose we put in charge ? '', 
   knp ... * sigh * their ideology spread like a wildfire among some of my colleagues on university ...  imo the greatest calamity for us actually , is that we do n't have a normal , balanced party that we could vote without killing each other . 
  completely agree with that . 
  for what it 's worth i am not downvoting you because i do agree with what you say ( and reddiquette ) . 
  my problem is with your `` solution '' to vote someone else in . 
  every party is shit but the current gov is the shit we know and is the least toxic of them bunch ( at least imo ) . 
  fine , i 'll do that . 
  i do n't know whether you have noticed or not but in general europe is more frequently listening to what we have to say . 
  we are no longer being ignored . 
  this is especially visible on this subreddit where poland is more often in the titles . 
  poland is under construction . 
  literally everywhere in poland theres infrastructure being built . 
  it 's due to eu funds ( thanks ! ), 
  but we are in the eu since 2004 and i have n't seen any previous government do that much . 
  sure it 's not perfect but in contrary to everyone before it at least is . 
   because after 7 yrs more than 60 % polled are unsatisfied we are never satisfied . 
  even if gov would give out money on the streets people would whine `` why so little '' . 
   88 % of entrepreneurs and ceo 's sees deterioration or no improvement in their businesses is it gov responsibility to foster each company ? 
  gov should only provide a room to grow and take hands off approach . 
  sadly bureaucracy is squashing entrepreneurs . 
  anyway global economy has to be taken under consideration . 
  when gdp is growing everywhere it 's `` thanks to our management , can i have a rise ? '', 
  but when crisis comes `` it 's gov fault ! '' . 
   there are year per year new affairs . 
  as in contrary to other parties that ruled ? 
   lot of his election promises are broken and these promises that are delivered works like shit . 
  ditto after all that i 'm asking , who would you put in charge ? 
  give me someone better and i just might jump ship . 
  see , i knew . 
  so who do you propose we put in charge ? 
  he might be one of those `` everything is wrong '' type of guys . 
  i was wondering when will i see hitler mentioned in this thread . 
  how would you stop them ? 
  laugh out loud out loud ? 
  may your grammar rip in peace . 
   you can pretty much make a witcher movie from what i hear there are attempts to give it another go . 
  i know you 're being sarcastic but no , that 's not the way . 
  i do n't know a solution , i 'm merely pointing out why do we get politicians such as these . 
  personally i dislike democracy because of how easy it is to manipulate public opinion . 
  right ? 
  very few want to go into this swamp and start throwing mud . 
  politicians created this perception for a reason . 
  but if i knew i could flow out of it with reason alone i 'd do it for the sake of the country . 
  sadly it 's scandals and populist speech that draws attention . 
  it 's the voters fault only . 
  should we chose reasonable men and women , not populists , we all would be better off . 
  he has a female polish friend . 
  enough on the subject . 
   and when she speaks now i get it how did you get those connotations, 
  copyright is a monopoly granted by the state , not a right given by the universe and therefore we should approach it in a way that allows us to preserve our heritage , not profits of copyright holders . 
  cjeu 's decision looks very sensible , including copying to usb sticks . 
  yeah i do n't know either . 
  i see the point that we have an agreement and gazprom is violating it but what poland did , was to cut the reverse to ukraine . 
  we are not the target , we are being used . 
  and personally i do n't know what 's worse . 
  this pipe was built * to bypass * poland . 
  that 's its purpose and even if we ( pardon me ) sucked putin 's dick , we would n't get to connect to that . 
  these people make my head hurt, 
  i 'm not denying or confirming that , i 'm not that interested in the matter to be able to tell either way . 
  i know this brand . 
  it 's quite popular here . 
  it 's actually very nice for the price ( it 's not a bottom shelf vodka either ) . 
  w still have to go through visa hoops to get to the us while some of the countries from the region are not required to do so . 
  it 's seen as especially bad because we do support you guys , went to iraq and afghanistan and nothing good came out of it . 
  nothing , that 's the problem . 
  we were promised visas problem to be solved and anti-rocket installation to be built . 
  i agree with both of the above . 
  we just were n't told any better . 
  some pr campaign would do a world of wonders . 
  never knew that . 
  thought we were dicks doing that . 
  recover from what ? 
  he was recorder saying what he thinks and what he thinks seems to be level headed . 
  may i ask what in particular do you mean ? 
  scandal ?
