  you can execute your free speech in a civil manner . 
  you could be rude but ca n't insult the guy . 
   no shit !!!, 
  will you report me ? 
  ehh how old are you , 12 ? 
  you 're insulting the president of republic of poland , being its citizen , in front of general public of foreign nations and think you 're cool . 
  while it would be amusing to see you sweat before the prosecutors i 'll do the sane thing and cease talking to you . 
  that 's not an opinion , that 's an insult ; in poland an insult to the president is punishable by law . 
  true but each one was dumb as all fuck ( proceeded by liberum veto law ) . 
  so while it 's not a dumbest ` moment ' , i 'd certainly call it a dumbest period of our history . 
  sadly , yes . 
  eh i think we can all agree partition was dumber . 
  tech illiterate do n't understand it but to play devils advocate : the main source of information comes from search engines so if a record is unsearchable it is basically removed from the internet ( at least to the point that searching for your name wo n't show it ) . 
  unlike the torso ? 
  / r/futurology, 
  that was in theory . 
  i may indeed be wrong because i do not follow current affairs . 
  they are , that 's why great powers sit at the pedestal . 
  it 's the same with your local laws - they are good as long as you can enforce them . 
  police is law enforcement ; literally . 
  security council is un 's resolution enforcement . 
  they do n't have to actually do anything as long as their military capacity is threat enough for others to follow un . 
  copyright is a monopoly granted by the government , which in best case scenario is us , the public . 
  while i can understand not recording public performances , i would n't mind either if they are free - paid by the city or w/e . 
  now , copyrighting a monument , which is for everyone to see is ridiculous , even if you paint it fluorescent so it glows at night . 
  no , you did your work ( in this case illuminated and keep maintenance ) and got ( get ) paid for it , that 's it . 
  i 'm heavily against the trend of every bit of work being as profited off as possible . 
  should we copyright cars ? 
  because i can assure you designers did huge amounts of work at them . 
  * ^ ^ * unless ^ ^ that 's ^ ^ already ^ ^ a ^ ^ case , ^ ^ then ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ just ^ ^ facepalm ^ ^ and ^ ^ withdraw, 
  that 's both hilarious and disgusting . 
  as someone who does not follow german internal affairs , what 's wrong with bavaria ? 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of my countrymen but i would find it hilarious . 
  yeah but it 's like 99 % * for and 1 % * against in medical community . 
  of course parents seek those who reinforce their beliefs . 
  ^ ^ * may ^ ^ not ^ ^ represent ^ ^ actual ^ ^ proportion, 
  now , this last part is worth a debate, 
  well , if it already works , what else do they want ? 
  yup , plenty of boars in suburbs of warsaw . 
  they are becoming a problem . 
  were n't we offered to buy madagascar ? 
  hindsight grief is strong on this one . 
  yes but then it 's a case of `` take it or leave it '' . 
  that 's because people do n't understand what presidential powers are . 
  i mean , someone has to organize things from above . 
  you dad and his workers , your neighbor and his workers , supply chain ... it ai n't gon na happen by itself . 
  while they might be getting the biggest cut it 's their money on the line if things go south ( assuming decent court system ) . 
  i mean , if duda tries to exercise his presidential powers ( if wins ) , he could hold gov hostage until at least one promise is fullfilled . 
  gov has a weak majority so no way to overrule presidential veto . 
  or he could use legislative initiative and when blocked name and shame gov. 
  if duda wins it 's a lose/lose/win in my book , where win is just us telling gov we are annoyed . 
  i was making a jab/joke but yeah . 
  grab an upvote from me on your way down . 
  nope , we have n't found any . 
  why do we * need * more * people * ? 
  we need more * citizens * . 
  unless 100 % of immigrants blend in this is not a solution . 
  that 's not a solution , that 's a workaround . 
  we do give a shit . 
  a lie told 100 times and all that ... and * because * americans are so geographically uneducated is why we have to be very strict on what is being said about us . 
  so that 's why there 's very little about the plague in our history books . 
  i mean we are taught it happened and was horrible but not much beyond that . 
  hopefully people such as him are a minority . 
  sadly they are pretty vocal . 
  then why have them at all ? 
  serious question . 
  i 'm male at 26 and do n't want any children ... they are very limiting to what you want your life to be . 
  history books note that austrian rule was more lenient towards polish language and culture unlike prussian and russian . 
  you might be referring to the fact that both russian and austrian rule were poor and underfunded while prussian living conditions were better . 
  imho it does a great job at distinguishing between the greens and reds . 
  i mean , the greener you are the better and you can clearly see how intensively green you are compared to others . 
  same with red . 
  so while to some it is a bad design i find it easy to read . 
  in other words : good job op , thanks for your time doing this . 
   so if you communicated through spanish or german , that would somehow make the computer language an actual language ? 
  no , of course not , that makes no sense . 
  that 's called using spanish or german . 
  nope , i just debunked your argument about programming languages being a form of english while proving they are language independent and some like assembly look completely different . 
  your response ? 
   nobody talks or uses computer languages to communicate with each other . 
  they 're used to interface with computer programs . 
  tell me what you had for breakfast in a computer language . 
  that is not the purpose of programming languages . 
  they convey information just like any other language but they are not used for everyday information . 
  i 'd ask you to write a program in any language you wish but nothing would happen because computer would not understand what you meant . 
  you fail to understand speech and language as tools for conveying information . 
  they are nothing else . 
  he 's trying though . 
  got ta give him a point for that . 
  most people went straight into acceptance phase , he 's still in denial . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  if we used spanish or german instead of english we would only substitute words while the grammar of each programming language would not change . 
  if you knew what you are talking about you 'd know that the language is then converted into machine code via compilation ( or on the fly with some higher level languages ) . 
  what you see is a form humans can understand . 
  try looking at assembly language and see if it 's just a subset of english . 
  english was chosen as a universal language most of the world is familiar with . 
  then enlighten us why . 
  i have to agree that they serve the purpose `` normal '' languages serve : to communicate between a machine and a man . 
  doors were wide open because merkel words were misinterpreted/twisted/inviting them . 
  i 'm not gon na get into whether she said what she said or not but all the broadcasted `` refugees welcome '' banners held by germans were an invitation .
