  so they came . 
  eu should have done something about migrants when they were voyaging through the mediterranean , personally , i like the australian way . 
  now , if migrants are faced with wall between greece and welcoming germany they might think twice whether to go . 
  this will help greece indirectly . 
  or we can shove them to germany since apparently you want them . 
  i agree with what you said but closing the borders even above greece will result in less migrants coming in since the doors wo n't be wide open . 
  this * might * indirectly help greece . 
  nah it is just a vocal minority , which also happens to vote on current gov party . 
  sadly those people do n't think for themselves but as they are told to . 
  great example : recently one of our ministers ( of defense ) went on asking wtf happened to 400 pages of documents , why were they destroyed ( regarding smolensk plane crash ) and it was absolutely some shady machinations . 
  people in the comments were accusing left and right that it was a cover up . 
  i 've seen only one person stop and think : if someone wanted to cover something up , why the destruction of said documents was officially noted in the appropriate log . 
  later on i found out that polish bureaucracy counts personal notes done on duty as `` documents '' and that all vital information goes into a separate daily log that is never destroyed . 
  sadly i doubt most of the people found out about the latter . 
  that 's the sad state most of our population is at . 
  you guys have no idea what you are talking about and just eat up whatever pis propaganda machine serves . 
  banks have already raised their prices , even against what 's written in the new law , because people who wrote it are morons and they wrote gibberish . 
  / u/ajuc already pointed out what polish small businessmen think . 
  i am sorry but pis are morons spouting propaganda with no idea what they are doing . 
  they are going to damage our economy immensely just to buy the votes . 
  this i would consider treason to be honest . 
  well , we do have the 1st and 3rd record in survived alcohol concentration in blood . 
   simply to collect european welfare benefits . 
  agreed , they try to build themselves a future . 
  i do not blame them . 
  i just do n't think it should be done lawlessly , ignoring borders and all . 
  as i said , i do n't know enough to say for certain ` you are doomed ' but i do have concerns , especially that with this huge influx of migrants , there could be less incentive to interact with germans . 
  you might of course be right about the 80 % but 20 % of non integrated population is still huge , keeping in mind there will be some 1m immigrants in germany . 
  the percentage ( of integrated ) with that many of them coming at once may as well shrink . 
  my fears are long term and while i hope for the best , i see major concerns because i have doubts of competence based on what i 've already seen . 
  i 'm not going to pretend i know ins and outs of how german integration program works but what this documentary shows me is that people shown in the video value islam more than german culture . 
  my opinion of islam is that they are not a progressive culture ( call me racist if you will i do n't give a flying fuck ) based on what values they cherish and what their thinking model is . 
  hence i highly doubt it is * germans * fault at muslims poor integration . 
  moreover , i 've seen too much political correctness coming from germany instead of famous cold reasoning , i 've seen some of the problems already cropping out ( cologne ) and based on that i also doubt that new immigrants will accept german culture . 
  the documentary also has shown the insufficient integration and nonacceptance of german culture as a problem missed by the majority or neglected . 
   but that it is horrible to deny entry to those trying to escape war , oppression and starvation simply because we suck at integrating them . 
  none of the migrants that reach germany are escaping war , germany is in central europe so unless these people afforded plane or came by ship , this is not their first safe country on the way . 
  for oppression there are political asylums . 
  starvation : you might as well annex africa and parts of asia , it will be more efficient that way . 
  [ sure , there you go . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=87&amp;v=kvwaikoatwm ), 
  no , integration only pays off if it is not forced but desired . 
  those people coming to germany do n't want to be germans . 
  they might want to speak german but they will not accept your culture . 
  oh come on , we are not americans, 
  the west of course . 
  i have n't read their recent propaganda but i 'm going to venture a guess that `` reforms we introduced were removing bad western influence on poland '' . 
  until they tax you . 
  as someone self employed , working on contracts i fear the day when , not if , they decide to tax each contract . 
  i 'm not the one arguing we are insignificant . 
  i 'm saying we ca n't expect germany or france to do as we say and to follow our interests since we are far way off of making substantial changes, 
  does n't matter how much coal there is but how much can we extract . 
  take an upvote and get the hell out . 
  never argued they should be the main power or that only one kind we should choose . 
  combination of multiple renewable sources could provide substantial amounts of power . 
  i lack expertise to argue how much could it provide though . 
  no , russia proved times and times again that it has no credibility , only natural resources and power projection . 
  we lack both . 
  ah , all good man . 
  i know what you referenced , i pointed out that the case is not black and white . 
   because you are going backwards to try to `` save '' the climate . 
  are you one of the deniers ? 
   you 're sitting a huge pile of coal we are not . 
  we are a net importer of coal for some time now . 
  we are buying both gas and coal to run our economy ; way to energetic security !, 
   apparently we were n't a `` mature partner '' for 25 years would you listen to a child ? 
  we were struggling with decommunizing ourselves for the most of this time and not part of eu till 2004 . 
  my math tells me 12 years at most , this may . 
   including the last 8 years which were supposed to be some kind of golden age for our diplomacy they * started * to listen to us , not have our opinion in highest regard ; you need to work to achieve that . 
   still not `` mature '' enough i guess . 
  would you take a rich spoiled child 's word seriously ? 
  our economy does not have that much influence on other economies nor do we have anything anyone wants ( natural resources ) . 
  russia 's political power comes from history , nukes and currently , natural resources . 
   takes not years but decades and is a very complicated , delicate process which should n't be aggresively forced by external forces via unrealistic goals and financial penalties . 
  it has to be started though . 
  our coal is too expensive to mine and sooner rather than later something will have to be done . 
  even pis will be `` cooling down '' mines . 
  they did n't use a word `` close '' but that 's what they will be doing , with a pr spin . 
  no i do n't think so , but since 400k ukrainians work currently in poland and no one even noticed i think , * culturally * , we * could * form a single country without it crashing and burning . 
  last time ukrainians wanted their own country . 
  we did have a joint country with lithuanians and it was a blast . 
  let 's be honest , prussian part was decently managed . 
  the famous railroad map , often brought up says it all . 
  to be frank i do n't know anyone who would not be surprised by the fast pace pis is dismantling the country . 
  sure , we knew it would happen but no one expected all of that in couple months time . 
  did you forget the '' / s '' by any chance ? 
  kinda ? 
  renewables are not a polish value ? 
  if polish values are being backwards then yes . 
  you can mix cultures , just not the incompatible ones . 
  we could easily form a single country with czechs , slovaks or ukrainians ( not accounting for language differences ) . 
  what this will do is give them another `` enemy '' to bitch at . 
  fuel for their propaganda . 
  you know , if we acted as a mature partner it could be different . 
  besides , we are a small economy compared to others in the eu , the `` old '' eu i mean . 
  i 'm not even going to get into how geopolitics work . 
  and just fyi , co2 regulations were a long time coming , we met previous stage of regulations but since no one was daring enough to close our coal mines ( which are a constant drain for a state budget ) and at least start to build eco/nuclear power , we are in a situation we are in . 
  importing coal from abroad is cheaper than mining our own for gods sake ... 
  no worries mate , i know not everyone is familiar with polish judicial structure , that 's what i meant by my comment . 
  not the supreme court , at least not yet .
