  lots of plains you have there and food is expensive in eu . 
  you could become granary of europe . 
  it 's unfortunately not so simple . 
  eu forces certain standard of quality on foods which ukraine has to meet if it wants to export to eu . 
  we had to modernize lots and lots of our food industry facilities to do so and it 's not cheap . 
  it really boils down to what do you mean by official investigation . 
  i can see terrorists attempting to manipulate black boxes or outright hiding them in an attempt to make the case as fuzzy as possible so any investigation ca n't come to definite conclusions . 
  you can listen to the words and full sentences . 
  there 's also a speech recognition built in , so you have to say it right or it wo n't recognize the word . 
  that was on the basic level , i 'm yet to find out what 's further . 
  yes , i 'm aware of that . 
  but iirc he had to impeach the government at the time . 
  i admire the guy and wish we have one like him right now . 
  in the age of mass media it 's getting through that 's important . 
  i despise the guy but there 's one thing i agree with him on , monarchy * could * be better . 
  so * could * dictatorship . 
  unsurprisingly there is no politician i 'd want to lead either of those . 
  i knew about all that but i did n't know what you meant by hypocritical . 
  it 's really out of my mind since it 's not a problem to me . 
  i 'm aware but i 'm not constantly reminded of this `` problem '' since it 's natural to me . 
  i tend to forget people have `` dilemmas '' over it . 
  you 're both right . 
  thankfully i 'm living in a city so no one gives a fuck what i 'm doing . 
  you 're right . 
  religion does n't and ca n't really follow modern culture and that 's why it 's destined to fail . 
  coca cola does not advertise for approval for a law or treaty . 
  they advertise for their own product . 
  i say difference is rather huge . 
  that 's the difference . 
  i 'm all for trade agreements , i 'm just wary of this single one because of us . 
  i 'm not against trade agreement , i get its pros but looking how much lobbying power corporations have in us , i 'm worried some of that will spill over into this treaty . 
  is n't it that company can indeed sue a country but the proceedings are held by that nations courts . 
  iirc this treaty says there would be dedicated international courts for that . 
  i strongly oppose that . 
  we should not be afraid to change our laws for the sake of bottom line of any company . 
  how an ordinary citizen can do that ? 
  i have no bloody idea how those treaties work . 
  what i can do is look at it and point out what 's clearly wrong . 
  moreover , if it were done in the open i could hear each side 's arguments and support either of them . 
  sure we are religious but not as religious as official numbers tell us . 
  you know how christian holidays and what not entered our culture . 
  it 's for worse for religion since those holidays are becoming less and less about belief and more and more a tradition , becoming family holidays . 
  at least that 's how i see it but i 'm biased since i 'm atheist . 
  how am i going to lobby if everything i have are rumors ? 
  that 's the problem . 
  i know it wo n't stay secret when it need approval but that would be a take it or leave it deal . 
  game theory says it will be approved either way but i want to seed out the bad before they are bundled with the good . 
  i know it will be a big deal , no question about that i 'm just worried eu countries are not united enough to leverage us to drop bullshit . 
  did those include courts that grand compensation for corporations upon undesired change of law ? 
  i 'm not opposed to free trade agreements , i 'm very much looking forward to this but i 'm concerned bullshit will be bundled with them . 
  just how politicians bundle necessary regulations with bullshit ones . 
  so take it or leave it ? 
  that 's not good enough . 
  especially if other countries will ratify this and thus put us on competitive disadvantage . 
  it 's game theory . 
  i 'd rather toss out what 's bugging me while i still can . 
  or just `` ttip is bad because citizens have no oversight and parties involved in negotiations do n't share public trust to the degree of allowing them to pursue negotiations in secret . 
  oh and us embassy in berlin is paying for a propaganda '' check definition of [ propaganda ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda ) . 
  if it were done by german gov i would be fine but us gov trying to sway german public opinion ? 
  there 's something fishy . 
  yeah i do n't get it either . 
  i do n't require negotiations to be a farce with media but i do n't want them to be tight lipped either . 
  i want to know what is being negotiated and what it will cost us . 
  so essentially `` trust us '' ? 
  nope . 
  i do n't want them to negotiate with media presence but i do n't want everything about this to be secret either . 
  yeah i get that but instead we have fud and to be frank i do n't trust us gov to negotiate in interest of either population favor . 
  i can see eu countries defending our rights but without public supervision how do we exercise our voting rights ? 
  same thing with vatican !, 
  czestochowa is a bad example since it 's a pilgrimage destination . 
  it 's basically our holy city . 
  do n't you think that if it were full of good things , it would have been negotiated out in the open ? 
  exactly . 
  it 's a tradition/culture thing that has nothing to do with religion to me . 
  also i 'm christian on paper just for myself because i want to get married `` the traditional way '' . 
  i 'm an atheist but confirmation sacrament gave me the ability to get married in church which in here is a cultural tradition . 
  non practicing christians are also a thing . 
  then there are those that do believe but disagree with the church . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i know i know , what i 'm saying is , our religiousness is in many many cases just on paper . 
  i 'm such an example . 
  * officially * reality is not so religious, 
  i ok with ttip as long as bullshit is not bundled with it . 
  i 'll riot if we allow for corporations to claim losses on law change . 
  and who knows what 's more in there ? 
  one of the separatist leaders admitted to being a ` former ' fsb agent or what have they . 
  if you do n't think all of this is organized by kremlin you are delusional . 
  those are russian forces . 
  i 'm glad to be in presumed minority . 
  well done neighbors !, 
  how are you not drunk ? 
  i second the notion of benevolent dictatorship . 
  democracy is so overrated . 
  sadly if you go to the pigsty you find only pigs . 
  to be frank polsa only task is to fight bureaucratic hurdles for companies and promote sharing of knowledge . 
  it 's a good start but hopefully they will increase the budget to promote startups and r&d . 
  nope , it 's straightforward , 
  yeah , more like toosk phonetically . 
  our ` u ' is read as ` oo ' in english ; for egzample `` oops '' . 
  you should be glad his suffering lasted only that long .
