  i 'll just add on top of that , that the baby died not so long ago after a week due to its disfigurements . 
  i was looking for a spoiler tag to tell what those were but to no avail . 
  anyhow the fetus at the time of diagnosis had 0 chances to live . 
  it 's a freaking * medical indication * to terminate . 
  i do n't have to be ' a lemming ' to disagree with you . 
  i disagree with many things government has done or has n't done but they are not a gang of thugs . 
  i look forward to the documents you mention ( i have no idea what do you mean ) because if current `` tape scandal '' has shown anything is that our gov has their heads on their shoulders ( except one rotten apple but it 's for cba to determine ) . 
  occupation does n't deny our statehood . 
  if you parked tanks in warsaw we would have an occupied territory on our hands . 
  as i said - only international consensus can change borders . 
  no it does n't . 
   to perpetuate the myth that statehood in some way is linked to foreign approval . 
  you are utterly wrong . 
  poles are a great example of that . 
  we 've been under occupation for 123 years because our neighbors decided so and international community had nothing against that . 
  projecting force over some region is only that - disputed/occupied territory . 
  international consensus decides on borders , not military . 
  sure , if by `` asking nicely '' with your tanks a state signs a treaty giving away part of its territory it 's ` ok ' . 
  i would n't call it ignoring but rather not interfering in internal matters . 
  eu is an international collaboration and since neither scotland nor catalonia is a state just yet there 's nothing for eu to do . 
  state is what international community considers state , no more no less . 
  why else would we say it 's a big deal that `` state x recognizes state 's y independence '' . 
  if you buy a plot of land in germany and samehow make international community to recognize your plot of land as an independent state - you have an independent state and you 'll be treated as such . 
  true if it were done by german government . 
   `` are you pro-ttip and angry at the negative coverage it 's been getting ? 
  send us your ideas and we 'll support you ! '' the problem is this whole thing is behind closed doors ( which is a huge red flag ) so you really ca n't support it because you do n't know what 's in it . 
  the only thing that * is * certain is that we wo n't know what our states agreed to until it 's done . 
  having said that the difference between information campaign and paid propaganda is quite clear . 
  promoted as in information campaign . 
  not promoted as in `` we know best , you should agree with us '' . 
  something is terribly wrong with tafta/ttip if it needs propaganda, 
  not without funding we wo n't . 
  you are missing the point . 
  some universities crafted those rovers with their own money to compete with other rovers crafted by worldwide universities . 
  we won first 3 places . 
  what it means is we have talented engineers . 
  `` newest technology '' as if they worked with sticks and stones . 
  besides no one knows what is the `` newest technology '' for asteroid mining since nobody has done it before . 
  they prove we can build space machines competitive to other nations . 
  you do realize that our rovers built by universities took first 3 places in rover challenge in usa ? 
  and we even do n't have a space exploration budget !, 
  we have many brilliant minds , we just have to utilize those . 
  would n't stronger electromagnets help ? 
  who are you speaking for when you 're saying `` most of us '' ? 
  any citation to support that ? 
  i was of belief it was close to 50/50 and / u/spurvix has provided source to that . 
  population : cz : ~ 11mln sk : ~ 5,5 mln hu : ~ 10mln pl : ~ 38,5 mln no surprise they have such a small army . 
  also historically we 've been fucked royally too many times to not keep an army . 
  moreover with a single command structure ( i hope we are heading that way ) the rest of visegard could have proportionally more armed forces and military personnel to their population . 
  if done right this could be a win/win scenario . 
  is it really news worthy ? 
  some tar caught fire and was extinguished , big deal ... 
  certainly not european matter . 
  he was a toddler back then . 
  that 's weird ... uk appears to not receive any world cup doodles . 
  can confirm the same doodle appeared in poland . 
  it 's straight forward to be honest . 
  `` ok usa , come to play football . 
  wtf ?! '', 
  they do own their own infrastructure . 
  i might have worded myself poorly for what i 'm sorry but i said their own infrastructure covers 78 % of population and in major cities they rolled out lte coverage not so long ago . 
  i 'm not certain whether or not there is a law saying how much they can charge for internal roaming but i believe competition and consumer protection department is overseeing it . 
  sure but media ( if not paid too ) and opposition would tear those guys apart . 
  you can see everywhere happening swings of public opinion based on what 's happening ; and since it 's quite a big deal to the public ( everyone would go wtf not if blocked ) i believe we are good . 
  they can complain all they want . 
  laws are to serve public , not companies . 
  there is a start up potential in this sector . 
  few years ago we had 3 major cell providers here ( which seems fine for how small we are ) and a couple smaller ones . 
  then `` play '' popped up and through those couple of years it managed to claw itself up to be a major provider . 
  their native coverage is 78 % of population ( 58 % of country coverage ) and thanks to internal roaming its coverage is nationwide . 
  true but i 'm grateful we are no usa and lobbying groups are not as strong . 
  also i do n't know how it looks elsewhere but from my perspective lobbying in poland is seen on par to corruption ( although that might be just my social circle ) . 
  i hope it proliferates . 
  all hooligans could be round up and given fines . 
  what i meant they are not done as in finished reducing prices but working on it and 2015 is not certain . 
  so they are not done but rather stuck in the cogs of bureaucracy . 
  to owner of course . 
  your provider would still have to pay for usage of other provider 's tower but i imagine charges will equate to domestic fees for transmission . 
  wait , really ? 
  last time i heard they were planning to abolish roaming in 2015 , what happened with that ? 
   companies will retaliate with massive increases in phone subscriptions charges . 
  then i 'm sure eu-wide cheap plans will pop up . 
  abolishing roaming altogether will open a eu-size market to anyone willing . 
  not really . 
  i 've been learning german when i was younger , then had german in high school and on uni . 
  it 's not that uncommon at least in a group i hang out with . 
  sadly i did n't like german grammar and did n't learn much aside from basics but now i see the need to pick it up again . 
  you know what students here call repeat exams held usually at the beginning of september ? 
  [ september campaign ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_poland ) . 
  i do n't mind as long as germans are on our side for a change . 
  well it would n't be damaging if only everyone calmed themselves the fuck down , sat and thought even a little about it . 
  what we have now is media frenzy , prosecutors going apeshit adding fuel to the fire and public thinking it 's the sky falling down on their heads where gov is selling their souls or something . 
  although i agree with treason accusations , media should in the modern world should be responsible too since they have too much leverage on these things . 
  so it 's better to tell your ally to go fuck himself ? 
  is it better in a time of crisis to tell everyone to freak out instead of calm themselves ? 
  state secrets are anti-democratic ? 
  what this means is they were telling the public `` everything is fine , we are safe , do n't panic '' while knowing it 's all bullshit and presumably doing something about it . 
  if anything it puts him in a great light . 
  tough luck mate ; so do i. 
  the difference is i 'm in the middle of my exams .
