  but it will take us some time to get comfortable with this thought . 
  people 's mentality has to change , they have to think more of being european citizens than their country 's . 
  i think that 's the way to go . 
  human mentality is the hardest thing to change , we need to wait for older generations to die off, 
  it 's not about technological advancements or poverty . 
  it 's about social advancement . 
  european countries do have a history of being countries as a whole for over a millennium while african countries are new and there are still clan/tribe wars over there . 
  unless african 's mentality changes suddenly i do n't see unification happening in next 200 years, 
  that 's ours too ? 
  we ca n't do this , our constitution specifically forbids it . 
  i do n't mind . 
  if it means teslas will be cheaper in europe i say go for it . 
  i wish to change the law because it is being abused . 
  one could argue that european continent was not safe for the jews back then since nazis were a threat to whole of europe . 
  in this case these people do not face extermination if deported to the border country . 
  besides if they applied for asylum right after stepping through eu border i would be fine with that . 
  no eu country is at risk of war or war spilling through the border . 
  what those people are doing is not fleeing from war , they flee poverty . 
  then the law is wrong . 
  why so many people bring it up ? 
  law is supposed to serve us , not us serving the law . 
  i 'm sorry to say that but yes , pretty much . 
  almost fell off my chair of laughter . 
  to be frank , i would n't be surprised . 
  the party that is about to win has some crazy people in it . 
  i do n't consider myself either right or christian fundamentalist yet i 'm against that . 
  how the fuck does one expect 120k quota to solve the issue ? 
  no one does . 
  it will be 120k quote here , 200k quote there , next 150k quote next etc. 
  this is a fucking band aid on a cut artery . 
  i was a po voter and i 'm in the anti-immigration camp . 
  from what i read , now there are more people against immigration than in favor ( though i assume it 's close to being 50:50 ) . 
  you guys do tend to go either far right or far left . 
  so in other words they reached safety of refugee camps with families ... and decided they do n't like it and want to move to germany ? 
  yes i know , i never said we have to do it now . 
  / r/childfree, 
  referendums became too popular . 
  they do not give a fuck about what we think , because how can you make an educated decision if there is no serious debate , no one is educating population on the matter yet expects people to vote . 
  recent example is a case of state forests ; suddenly pis came out and said they are threatened and it 's so important we need a referendum on the matter . 
  i bet this confused the heck out of lots of people . 
  referendums in an uneducated society are just political leverage , they can show that ` majority wants this/opposes this ' and what can you do with such an argument ? 
  going back to duda - it 's part of parliamentary campaign since such a referendum can not be binding - we are already obligated to join eurozone . 
  unless you want to cancel the whole eu accession treaty of course . 
  i giggled , you 're cool . 
  or be both go down to hell . 
  i do n't see eastern europe building camps with chimneys , do you ? 
  no one east of iron curtain is a nazi . 
  you could call us less tolerant but then again i think we are center and western europe ( we ) went too far left for its own good . 
  for crying out loud , we is not listening to reason , spewing bullshit about solidarity , how it 's against european values and not even once stopping to actually think how many european values those migrants share . 
  to be fair , it 's * insulting * not * criticizing * . 
  while i agree it 's ridiculous i see why it was created . 
  somewhat . 
  we had a public debate a while back where a homeless guy was charged for that ( the law is being enforced automatically , without presidents knowledge or approval ) but nothing came out of it . 
  thanks for civil discussion . 
  have a nice day too . 
  i see what you mean . 
  i have to agree with this tldr . 
  on the other hand we violate those rights everywhere so immigrants are at least equal in that . 
  i have to also agree with them being optional . 
  i disagree with basic human rights where those do not work in current reality . 
  your point being ? 
  it looks like you 're using emotions for argument . 
  they tend to be bad advisors . 
  as a side note , taxes are collected to pay for the state expenditures on health , military and all that good stuff . 
  it 's up to state laws how much of those goes to the poor . 
  in my opinion definition is flawed because it allows a refugee to go to whichever country . 
  also , you are not a refugee until you apply for being one . 
  it 's their right to rule themselves however they want . 
  democracy after all is a rule of majority . 
  if majority wants to be ruled in one way , minority can either accept it or raise up . 
  we had civil wars in europe too . 
  i 'm on mobile so ca n't argue with you as fully as i 'd like to . 
  i 'm no lawyer but i guess refugee status probably changes those a bit . 
  what 's more important is it 's a un law . 
  law of the land and constitution are above those ( or equal , depending on what 's written in constitution ) . 
  for instance i guarantee you no country has a right to work for every human in the law . 
  for its citizens yes , but it 's not a right of every person present . 
  art . 
  their right to life and security is conserved . 
  liberty canm be suspended by law ( imprisonment ) . 
  arguably usa also does not obey the right to life in certain states . 
  by this i wanted to point out what i said earlier , this is a un directive . 
  but let 's go on . 
  art . 
  conserved . 
  the video ? 
  so you 'd rather give food to the strongest , which forced their way to be first , rather than more or less even distribution ? 
  art . 
  7 and 23 - law of the land is above it . 
  art . 
  25 i guess every nation in the world violates it , even in regards to its own citizens . 
  yes but war has changed drastically . 
  before we had armies meeting in plain field , then raizing cities , now one army wo n't even admit its presence , posing as `` concerned civilians '' ... with tanks ... and artillery . 
  written words do n't always follow reality . 
  definition of a refugee is one of those . 
  we had rulers too . 
  french for instance , beheaded one . 
  do n't you see they are doing what we 've done a while back ? 
  i like how you linked to thread where / u/threwupthrewaway explained what i mean . 
  the definition was written many years ago and as it seams does n't apply to current conditions .
