  fire in the taco bell !, 
  username checks out , 
  michirineko march , https://youtu.be/laigb1lfpbw, 
  at first glance , i thought it was the swedish flag . 
  i was wrong . 
  oh , so wrong . 
  spoilers ?!, 
  when team battle starts before i get there , i usually try to look where the stealthed hero is around the battle . 
  when found , i would try to ping danger on the hero , or at least slightly track its movements with the pings , hoping my teammates would notice . 
  ninja edit : it can be a bit difficult for me to notice stealthed heroes in the heat of battle , so if there are people like me , i think this as contributing to the battle before arrival . 
  good example to show not to hold your finger straight beside the roller when shooting with a revolver . 
  but then it would feel like tv shop d :, 
  what do you think of iron man ? 
  i like the series not because of the scifi physics , but of how realistic they have expressed the character of tony stark , how he evolves in every movie he is in . 
  instead of having him not get affected by the events in the avengers , he gets ptsd . 
  that is one reason why i like the iron man movies so far . 
  but nowadays , there are imho too many superhero movies : /, 
  was about to post this myself . 
  just to spend time with your so . 
  there never seems to be any : c, 
  tifu by killing most of the birds in my empire . 
  i think you 'll fit right in at [ r/highqualitygifs ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/highqualitygifs ) . 
  i do n't think you would be able to buy an apartment building like that , it would n't be feasible . 
  a basic modern home is bought at around 100 000 $ , if my memory serves me right . 
  but to buy an apartment * building * ... 
  i do n't want to think how much that would cost . 
  have the page repeat every scene where megumin uses her explosion magic . 
  the more the merrier !, 
  edit : received could not connect after trying to go there : <, 
  [ reminds me of this . 
  it looks like they removed the legs of the booster before mounting it on . 
  i find it silly having land mass mean area , not weight , as said in the article . 
  is n't flame just gas that has reached a certain threshold of temperature to release certain elements and energy ? 
  much like when an electrode is ejected from a molecule when enough energy is applied ? 
  which one ? 
  on mobile , says it is unavailable : <, 
  it is also known , that if artillery misses with first shot , it will definitely hit the target with the second shot . 
  finns usually do n't . 
  sorry for potato quality . 
  used gimp and i am not that good yet . 
  i guess i should go buy that quadcopter i have always wanted . 
  just need to keep pushing them down and shoot them in the back . 
  or you could just rush through those ones and kill the rest , which are normal ones , that get in the way . 
  having a teammate to help you is also a way to deal with them . 
  i also have the 650 , so that 's a great question !, 
  the game has support for joystick controls , though . 
  are you referring to that this post uses what you named as joytokey method ? 
  is it possible for you to make a tutorial for that software ? 
  sounds great !, 
  it happens , i watched the movie a day before this post . 
  what is the probability for that to happen ? 
  i am really thinking about moving to germany now . 
  i am on phone , the page pushed a fullscreen ad to upgrade my phone to the latest version , with the only option being `` ok '' . 
  legit as fuck :|, 
  norwegian chemist or carpenter . 
  absolutely second that !, 
  british spelling, 
  they do blind . 
  i keep always getting blinded by people who choose to direct their normal lights slightly too high . 
   it is extremely common in any larger city for the traffic to go from 85 mph ( ~ 140 km/h ) to 10 mph ( ~ 16 km/h ) in less than 5 seconds . 
  not even my car could brake that fast !, 
  expected mario , got w40k :|, 
  you forgot kone . 
  german much ? 
  however , there would not be ice in 10 degrees celsius :|, 
  delivery of the morning paper 1am-6am . 
  or , it could have been the snes being the first . 
  just saying :  not trying to be negative , only informative . 
  there was actually a dot in the end of the link , `` breaking '' the link . 
  flitetest ? 
  merry christmas anyways !, 
  i had my mother always dragging me down by saying it is useless for me to try anything challenging . 
  this kept on from kindergarten to college . 
  every assignment , every project , even exams , she would say i would not get it done or pass it . 
  when i finally got myself to ask why she was doing that to me , she said that she would expect me to not succeed at all , rather than support me and see me fail . 
  it was `` easier '' for her . 
  as a finn , perkele . 
  would not the fastest humans be those in orbit ? 
  since , in principle , they are falling towards the earth . 
  if russia is mad at countries wanting to join nato , why are they not themselves joining in ? 
  then they would not need to be so aggressive towards others joining in . 
  it 's been quite a long time since i read about nato as a organization . 
  i took a read on the article . 
  makes it seem , that european nato countries had no say in russias request for a nato membership , or that russia did n't even try to ask them . 
  kind of portraying nato as a non-democratic union , which it should n't be . 
  that is why it is recommended to have a sensible spacing between the cars . 
  which is probably ( depending on country ) what lawmakers think about when making such laws . 
  sensible , meaning in this context , that the spacing between the cars would be about the same as it takes to drive 1s without reaction plus the space it takes to `` panic '' ( / brake to the metal ) brake . 
  a minimum distance between of at least 1,5 car . 
  this way the distance between the cars would be quite flexible , depending on the speed . 
  this is at least what was taught to me by the driving school i went to get my license . 
  that 's where one has to choose whether you really have to be so close to the car in front or not . 
  if you 're anyways going to stay behind the car in front , you might as well keep some distance from them . 
  they are n't going to speed up , even with you stuck on their tail . 
  well , the privatized prisons have to make some profit , right ? 
  ( i wish it were a joke ), 
  they do n't . 
  i watched plenty a time to make sure , but i thought i saw the same the first two times i saw it . 
  the moon . 
  somehow i thought the moon was angry at me .
