indeed they do . 
  that would be great !, 
  a standout between an alpha moose and a man . 
  that 's something you really do n't hear about every day . 
  good thing your friend was wise enough not to brave the alpha !, 
  thanks for your story !, 
  wow . 
  so did the beast stop there after that punch ? 
  would not the rhino get really furious ? 
  maybe i should have put `` without major injuries '' instead of `` unharmed '' to get more stories about these kinds of encounters :d thanks nonetheless !, 
  thinking back , would you have wanted to be there , to see that take place ? 
  ( maybe even as the brave guide ? ), 
  it 's okay not to remember , i forget loads of stuff quite quick myself :d that would be quite probable yes . 
  i hope you get to visit the south some day :3 maybe you 'll get some wild stories to tell your friends about the adventures there !, 
  thanks for your input !, 
  shieet . . to think that you could do all that , while drunk , and still be able afterwards make good jokes in the morning . 
  awesome !!, 
  i have to agree with the `` fuck bears '' one . 
  what i meant was , that i 'm amazed how well people can do such reasonable ( ? ), 
  things while that scared . 
  not being scared would be ridiculous imo . 
  great trait though , that tick . 
  3rd one : [ about how i imagined it looking like . 
  ] ( http://37.media.tumblr.com/0edb9459d71c9e27c778a7d8a8e7c845/tumblr_mv4ykxp0xo1r6q6qeo1_500.jpg ), 
  owned by robin hood . 
  [ this is how i interpreted it . 
  it is . 
  i once was with my family , just walking through the forest , much like this . 
  this one had no paths , for some reason . 
  where we walked , the moss gave away mostly 5-10cm , then suddenly shwoop !, 
  one of my legs fell about half a meter !, 
  it scared the shit out of me and i hurt my ankle a bit , not enough to get a sprained ankle , but still enough for it to hurt to walk with . 
  this was maybe 13 years ago , when i was about 7yo . 
  nonetheless , i do recommend coming to finland to experience our forests . 
  air quality is great in the forests , especially in the biggest/oldest national parks . 
  hope you do n't make cakes of cats , looking at your username . 
  this is a repost . 
  this was here already yesterday ( / two days ago ? 
  lost track of time due to multiple nightshifts . ), 
  same : c, 
  this series . . why have i not seen this before ?!?!, 
  this is amazing !, 
  they have their own firework show ? 
  i see what you did there . 
  i eat mostly at the student caf\u00e9-resteurants at the campus area . 
  everywhere it 's 2,60 $ per portion incl . 
  two slices of bread and one glass of milk/juice . 
  but where i 'm studying primarily , there 's this one restaurant that has the same things for 1,60 $ and it has ridiculously good food !, 
  every time i have lectures close by , going to eat before the first lecture or have already had my last lecture of the day , i go to that place to eat . 
  most of the times i take enormous portions ( 1 plate = 1 portion , hehe ) so that i do n't have to make so much dinner later . 
  my friends do the same . 
  nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^ nope ^, 
  what 's all this about ? 
  o.o why have i not heard about this ? 
  i lent an eraser from a friend at the other end of the row , because nobody else had one since they used ballpoint pens , during a lecture and was finished using it , so i thought i 'd throw it back . 
  he reaches his arm to full length in front of him , slightly tilted upwards and i throw the eraser . 
  he caught the eraser without even needing to move the arm . 
  the distance between us was about 8m . 
  both ends were cheering loudly for a few seconds until the professor told us to be more quiet . 
  priceless . 
  sorry for the bad english , it 's not my main language . 
  another postman here , i only celebrate after finishing all the deliveries . 
  close enough . 
  most likely a shoemaker , since that 's what my great great great great granddad was , but it would be awesome to be a blacksmith . 
  not as much as america as a state has caused . 
  not to point any fingers on what , but vietnam , the gulf war and middle east was pretty much the americans fault . 
  not entirelly , but mostly . 
  my vote is for us and russia . 
  edit : spelling, 
  my opinion is peace could be achieved , if only people would learn to accept differences , not to point anywhere but a good example would be not to take their religions holy writings so seriously , that they have to punish/kill the `` heretics '' . 
  if people could respect borders of other countries , learn to calmly/professionally discuss instead of passionately ( angry ) talking to each other , not getting anywhere in the end . 
  this is only some idea i think could help achieve peace . 
  have you done all the quests so far ? 
  by that , i mean when exiting an area , there 's no quest left there . 
  i 'll tell you what , i 'm on eanna and lvl 28 ( almost 29 ) . 
  if you 're on the same server , wan na team up for a while until we finish main quest ? 
  i ca n't play much today , or during weekdays , but i can join you on some quests . 
  okay . 
  no prob . 
  good luck !, 
  did an explosion snap the trees halfway through so the trees fell down and then it continued growing from that position ? 
  by explosion snapping the trees , i mean like the effect on trees you can see from a-bomb detonation footage . 
  similar concept , though not as powerful as a a-bomb . 
  i have the exact same plushie !!, 
  and i 've hidden a secret there under the hat  :3, 
  still we get negative points for speculating . . oh well . . 
  such evil pranksters : <, 
  so this is how they do it !, 
  why not just encrypt ? 
  keeps away family members from seeing what you have there . 
  though some questions might pop your way . 
   literally, 
  ftfy, 
  ftfy = fixed that for you, 
  edit : if you do n't know what a word means , google it , chickenwithatophat :3, 
  but i like my cat 's hair on my shirt :| it keeps the ones who are allergic to cats away . . 
  nice work noticing your typo there , op :d almost managed to comment on the last sentence :3, 
  why not just lower the budget of the military and focus more on lowering the national debt and poverty in the us ? 
  is the number not 666 ? 
  i think this is the best quote in the whole book series !,
