  simply love it !, 
  i would probably drop that `` look in their eyes '' part , especially from in front of knocking :|, 
  a trebuchet needs gravity . 
  if it has n't gravity , it would n't swing . 
  neo armstrong cyclone jet armstrong cannon ? 
  i understand and i totally agree . 
  such edges are a must in some designs , though i have n't needed those , who else might need it ? 
  i think i have some mod , ca n't remember the name of it though . 
  started playing the game again after a long pause . 
  i 'll try finding the name . 
  edit : found it !, 
  nevada skies - weather effects by yossarian http://www.nexusmods.com/newvegas/mods/35998/, 
  not really a railgun , but the swastika saved it . 
   hangar door, 
  ftfy, 
  [ this might explain it better . 
  ] ( http://www.ahmedv.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/photo-gallery/hangar%20hanger.jpg ), 
  hanging around . . 
  yes . . how silly of me :3, 
  what about gimp ? 
  ca n't eagles or hawks still catch humans falling at that speed ? 
  true , me . 
  how did you know ? 
  [ am i right on how this happens ? 
  red = bike , green = truck, 
  java and demopan . 
  i would still upvote him for pointing out the misspelling in such a humorous yet subtle way . 
  i do n't think this should be in r/mildlyinteresting . 
  but i still feel for you . 
  judging by the black marks and the form of the damage , i guess it 's from a tire , most likely the rear wheel of a off-road motorcycle . 
  them having a shot/training on motocross . 
  could be a friend who ran the bike that went on the helmet . 
  i 'm just making some educated guesses , since op is n't giving a story . 
  well you can always round to the closest 5 degrees in celcius , if you fancy that . 
  to continue on what / u/manikweet said , if two blocks share a border , e.g. 
  bottom half ramp beside a normal block , that side will not be rendered . 
  this is not fixed yet , since the implementation of half blocks , because it is really difficult to get the game to realize that it should render the still visible ( and only the visible ) part of the normal block . 
  i tried last year making a half block after the half ramp mod had been released , but i got the same fail with the backfacing . 
  i also had some trouble with the texture on the top side ( the one at half hight of a normal block ) by either getting a minimized texture or then an enlarged texture on it . 
  chose not to make it public because i never got it fixed . 
  did n't like that missing texture thingy : /, 
  double wielder . 
  got ta upvote . 
  would wear a belt too if my shorts would fall without a one . 
  frying pans that cooks the food for you !, 
  no more flipping the steak or eggs , the javapan flips them for you !, 
  just tell the app what you 're cooking and it 'll notify you when it 's ready !, 
  it means something like `` how do i explain to someone , that they do n't take something well '' . 
  better ? 
  i can tell you that this scene is neither from seikon no qwaser season 1 or 2 . 
  unfortunately i ca n't help you on what it is from : c, 
  i ca n't remember that scene from the series . 
  is it from an ova of seikon no qwaser ? 
  his finger is n't really on the trigger , it 's resting on the edge above the trigger . 
  you can see that his finger is completely straight along the edge . 
  i 'm with you on this one . 
  but there is one not so true thing on the chart you made one the right side . 
  if the cog is connected , the input is interpreted as 1 , 0 if not . 
  simply put , you 've given the inputs the inverse values . 
  there have been many submissions before you that have made the same mistake . 
  so you 're not to blame . 
  source : computer engineer, 
  well said . 
  that cleared my misunderstanding here quite well . 
  [ touch\u00e9 . 
  ] ( http://imageserver.moviepilot.com/giphy-9-fox-is-creating-an-x-men-tv-show-what-will-it-be-like.gif ), 
  are you not pretty much copying the contents of what / u/mad _ juju said here ? 
  especially the keywords . 
  for one , in the first picture with many cities , wp did n't combine the name of certain cities to their correct location , which / u/pkerp did . 
  finland here , [ bought a bag of chips ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zl9mx ) and here this brand , at least , has enough content in the bags . 
  hopefully everyone gets this much in the future . 
  bacon without bacon ... waaait a second ... 
  you know that there are daily quests , right ? 
  we want more . 
  we want more . 
  i agree ( sorry for being late to the party ) . 
  the 2x2 thruster could get a more circular shape . 
  i 'm not sure how you have it in the glorious murica , but we , in europe , have all ( a few o more ) different social cultures in each country . 
  the language is also a cultural barrier for many . 
  at least we are trying to solve this ( / these ? ), 
  problem ( s ) at hand . 
  does n't that count as poor ? 
  you 'd think that you would n't be poor if you did n't have any debt , even if you were n't living on a high standard . 
  fair point . 
  [ parade by susumu hirasawa ] ( https://youtu.be/apikvlw1tt0 ), 
  but she ca n't see the kill otherwise !, 
  i have had a dream of having a home built into a cliff , with a hydraulic front door ( style would be either sgu or portal ) , a balcony cut into the side of the wall , and a few windows one the cliffside . 
  urinal ( s ) , as someone pointed out , would be a must . 
  an ai , as seen in iron man , in the house would seriously be dream come true . 
  an emergency exit would too be quite nice to have . 
  this . 
  tasty downvotes have been bestowed upon me . 
  the facebook and linkedin links at the bottom of the page does n't work yet : c, 
  it works best in nordic languages , from where it originates . 
  now i 'm wondering what price other countries have . 
  reminds a bit of saints row ... : , 
  hold on a minute ... 
  i always take two napkins at the lunch cafeteria , the second is always a backup . 
  it does n't really look like it , but it was the first thing that came up in my mind . 
  i 'm assuming you did n't read the article .
