damn !, 
  now i have to go watch `` the illusionist '' again !, 
  `` too bad , we 're shipping you back to pakistan '' . 
  yay !, 
  which will raise some eyebrows , since you 're a man . 
  ( just kidding :-) ), 
  i just *** knew *** that bastard had a time machine !, 
  i bet that 's how einstein developed his theory of relativity - his buddy aristotle tipped him off on it !, 
  several places i just looked at said that aristotle did n't say that . 
  ( my link to a reference got automod 'd out for some reason ) . 
  i 'm only going on what i see in some of the more popular subreddits . 
  granted , i have n't looked in every possible subreddit ( or other website ) that might have more moderate attitudes , but lots of what i have seen has been pretty polarized , that 's all . 
  well , america the beautiful did n't seem that folk-ish to me , even given that definition . 
  i agree re woody guthrie though . 
  that does n't seem to fit the `` folk '' part . 
  but i love that song too . 
  true . 
  makes you want to be a brit . 
  dunno , i just like the idea of there being a standard reference . 
  i 'm a programmer so i like those kinds of things . 
  for some reason , i really like rule britannia . 
  dunno why . 
  i like this one ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rb5nbp_gmgq, 
  i agree . 
  maybe '' [ this land is your land ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wximrvdbq3s ) '' by woody guthrie ? 
  where 's king solomon when you need him , eh ? 
  i 'm using the terms interchangeably - i meant `` all those people from various poorer nations trying to get into the eu at the moment '' . 
  it makes sense - it 's hard to think of solutions that are tailored to the needs of each individual , as opposed to looking for a `` one-size fits all '' solution . 
  beyond the theoretical aspects , even the need to interview each and every migrant very thoroughly is a herculean task , i think . 
  yep . 
  i actually really would like us to have an `` official language '' - i always wondered why we do n't . 
  i live in the us , and i think among english instructors there 's a concept of `` standard american english '' , but it 's not enforced at any official level that i know of . 
  i kind of wish we had something like the academie francaise to enforce good practice ; but most french people i know laugh at them , so who knows ? 
  good production values , looks like an ad for an action movie ... 
  quite possibly . 
  i skimmed the article , but did n't notice where it said they were citizens . 
  did it say that there ? 
  ( honestly asking ) . 
  deport all of the ones involved in the violence . 
  soon , all the violent ones will be gone . 
  i 've seen that video with various other captions denoting other ethnicities ... 
  quite amusin ', 
  were they the same folks involved mentioned in this wikipedia article ? 
  even so - they were `` enforcing '' things that are not part of current uk culture , and physically hurting people in so doing . 
  the police were entirely wrong about that ; if that had happened to me , i would have escalated it as far as i could , talked to the press about it , etc. 
  so that something would get done . 
  i would hate to see that kind of thing become `` normal '' in western countries . 
  really ? 
  the police did n't want to help you press charges ? 
  that 's insane . 
  :-( what did you eventually do about it ? 
  anything ? 
  and what city was this in ? 
  i 'm surprised about the police 's reaction , since various bits about this kind of thing i 've read about says that it 's being pursued by police , and discouraged by religious leaders . 
  tell the story of getting beaten up by a sharia patrol ... 
  i 'm sure they 'd just love to hear you call them that . 
  i wonder how they decide what to pull . 
  what was it about ? 
  the deleted comment was just suggesting that it might have been `` automoderated '' based on terms like `` migrant '' . 
  or that dclauzel ( ca n't remember the mod 's name ) might just be being very quick . 
  good to know . 
  what happened to the helpful comments the other user added above ? 
  it did have the term `` migrants '' in it . 
  maybe i should try reposting without that word in it ... :-), 
  i use almost entirely / new - my post really never appeared ( or if it did , it was removed in 10 seconds ) . 
  so ... he 's obviously insane . 
  thanks !, 
  i only went to uni here in the us , so i would n't be able to compare my experience as readily ( not having gone to uni in any european country ) . 
  my image is mostly of uk and german schools , perhaps french schools ( since those are the places i 've spent the most time ) . 
  very interesting !, 
  i should read up on that ( i.e. 
  differences between the different university systems in europe ) . 
  wow , you 'd think at a university that old , there 'd be some hoary old traditions like that !, 
  indeed !, 
  i always thought that `` rule britannia '' would be the perfect anthem for england . 
  ... except they 're singing it as `` britannia rules the waves '' - it was originally `` britannia rule the waves '' - i.e. 
  `` go forth and rule the waves , britannia ! '', 
  well , there 's a bit more to it ... o beautiful for spacious skies , for amber waves of grain , for purple mountain majesties above the fruited plain !, 
  america !, 
  america !, 
  god shed his grace on thee and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea !, 
  o beautiful for pilgrim feet whose stern impassioned stress a thoroughfare of freedom beat across the wilderness !, 
  america !, 
  america !, 
  god mend thine every flaw , confirm thy soul in self-control , thy liberty in law !, 
  o beautiful for heroes proved in liberating strife . 
  who more than self their country loved and mercy more than life !, 
  america !, 
  america !, 
  may god thy gold refine till all success be nobleness and every gain divine !, 
  o beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years thine alabaster cities gleam undimmed by human tears !, 
  america !, 
  america !, 
  god shed his grace on thee and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea !, 
  kinda catchy ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jplqs1pzhda, 
  damn !, 
  i dunno - they did n't make me say it anyway . 
  we should change ours to `` america the beautiful '' - a much more lovely song i would gladly sing . 
  o beautiful for spacious skies , for amber waves of grain , for purple mountain majesties above the fruited plain !, 
  america !,
