  america !, 
  god shed his grace on thee and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea !, 
  after a few years of having to do the pledge of allegiance every morning , i refused to do it . 
  they still made me stand up during it , tho ' . 
  the new zealand one ...  god of nations at thy feet ,  in the bonds of love we meet ,  hear our voices , we entreat ,  god defend our free land . 
   guard pacific 's triple star  from the shafts of strife and war ,  make her praises heard afar ,  god defend new zealand . 
  i do n't particularly enjoy singing `` the star-spangled banner '' , though the fact that it 's sung to the tune of an old british drinking song ( to anacreon in heaven ) amuses me . 
  when the web first appeared , i found a site that had midi 's and lyrics for all the world 's national anthems , and i listened to a bunch of them . 
  my favorites so far are the canadian and new zealand anthems ; new zealand 's is especially nice because it 's very non-warlike . 
  i impress canadians and kiwis by knowing their anthems - it 's fun . 
  not doing their public image any favors like that . 
  i wonder if there 's any good excuse for it ? 
  like they were all rushed off the train without any time to clean up ? 
  or back in their countries , would they not clean up after themselves on trains/busses ? 
  or is it a `` statement '' of some kind ? 
  huh , interesting . 
  i posted a couple of times with some questions about the migrant crisis , and they were removed . 
  the mods said they were just culling some migrant-related posts , but not based on content necessarily ... 
  could be he 's signaling that he wants the person filming him to stop filming him . 
  i thought i 'd heard she lives in a reasonably small house . 
  can anyone explain why the refugees were being so disrespectful and ungrateful ? 
  was there something that happened before ? 
  is this a `` statement '' they 're making regarding their treatment by hungary ? 
  has anyone interviewed them to ask why they 're doing that ? 
  i 'd hope that the folks interviewing the asylum seekers have a staff of folks from the target countries who can identify if someone actually is from where they say they 're from ... 
  i took today off and did errands and chores , and finished making many bottles of nocino , which is hard to find in the us : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nocino tomorrow i 'll label the bottles and put them away , and clean up my flat ( it 's a zoo at the moment ) . 
  sunday i 'm going on a hike in the woods with a friend . 
  monday ( holiday in the us ) i 'll be going on a long bike ride with another friend . 
  i do n't tend to think of `` the left '' as a monolithic movement ; which people are you talking about ? 
  just left-leaning press and such ? 
  in any case , i was wondering what the men holding their babies up are trying to say . 
  it does n't make me feel sorrier for them - it just makes me think `` i do n't give a shit about your stupid baby . '', 
  : - / but that 's mostly because i do n't care about babies in general . 
  why , in all these pics , does it have men holding babies up in the air ? 
  is that supposed to mean something ? 
  like `` think of my baby !, 
  think of my baby ! '', 
  mine was very similar to yours . 
  now i fear being on ... 
  the list !, 
  i got this : economic left/right : -8.13 social libertarian/authoritarian : -6.05, 
  yep , i ca n't stand the sudden jump to help due to a single ( or several ) images ; reaction based on media pulling on the heart strings is never a good basis for action . 
  i lived in paris for 2 years and loved it ( this was in 1991/2 and 1993/4 ) ; i hear it 's changed a lot , too , tho ' more because of the expense of living there ( just like lots of other major cities like san francisco ( where i live ) , new york and london have ) . 
  i always enjoyed that france - esp . 
  paris and some of the southern cities - had large immigrant populations from old colonial countries ( morocco , algeria , tunesia , west africa ) ; i felt they added color and life to the place . 
  but that migration happened over quite a long time period , from what i recall . 
  a sudden influx of people who have no connection with the countries they are trying to get to , and vast cultural differences , worries me . 
  will they be able to integrate ? 
  how demanding will they be on infrastructure ? 
  how demanding on cultural change to suit them ? 
  how much will host countries capitulate to please them , etc ? 
  ( there are those horror stories about sweden and the uk where government outlaws free speach on the subject for fear of reprisals and accusations of racism , etc. , though i do n't know if those are real or just extremist propaganda ) . 
  that 's kind of a worry of mine as well . 
  i 've spent many years living and traveling in europe ( back in us now , where i 'm from ) , and wonder if this vast migrant crisis will change the character of europe drastically and quickly , or not . 
  bizzare - did the reporter just hear it wrong , or are they purposefully lying ? 
  i 've heard that t-mobile has the best plans for traveling in europe . 
  check it out . 
  that too, 
  indeed . 
  cops in the us take any indication of disrespect as provocation to a violent response , or at least an arrest . 
  not saying that 's a good thing , but that happens . 
  i 'll look for that , thanks !, 
  no problem . 
  i just want to get some real answers from the source , you know ? 
  there 's plenty of conjecture and opinion , but actually sitting down with a bunch of migrants and translators and asking detailed questions would be a great thing , and i have n't seen enough of it out there ( besides lots of sob stories or overly simplified discussions since there 's no translator present ) . 
  ok - i did n't know that mentioning past moderating experiences is forbidden - i messaged the mods just now asking if this would be posted . 
  so if i repost without that , it ought to appear ? 
  that downvote brigading is horrendous ; i 'll take your word for it , tho ' , as i ca n't see your score ( it says `` score hidden '' ) . 
  i would suppose that r-europe is much more reliable and accurate than r-european , no ? 
  when i first posted a few things in this sub and they got removed ( i was told that there were just too many people posting about the immigrant crisis , and not necessarily that i was breaking a sub rule ) , i took a look at r-european and posted a few things there . 
  it was n't until after that that i realized just how insanely biased most of the posts over there are . 
  my own background is mostly jewish ( tho ' i 'm not religious or particularly zionist ) , but so many posts over there were full of conspiracies about how the evil jews are controlling everything ( tm ) and such ... 
  i thought `` who are these people with their troglodytic beliefs about jews , non-whites , etc ? '', 
  i mean , it was like i had stepped into germany in the 1930s or something . 
  the way they talk about it , i 'm part of some evil international conspiracy , i 'm rich , powerful , and want to see the muslims take over europe ... that particular leap of illogic is quite strange indeed . 
  i rarely post there now . 
  i would love to find a discussion forum that was balanced and not flooded by the far right nor censored ( except perhaps for hateful , conspiracy-theorist types ) . 
  that 's good to know . 
  i 'd assume it was more balanced like that , as you say . 
  but these reports of people being afraid to say anything negative , especially in sweden , seem to weird to me . 
  hopefully this thread will get a bunch more replies so we can get a discussion going . 
  that 's my main frustration exactly - i hear either very pro-refugee messages in the mainstream press , or very anti-refugee messages in the right-wing press . 
  i find it very hard to find a nice , moderate , balanced , realistic look at it all . 
  i wonder why that is . 
  i mean , i can understand why the right-wing would be so biased , but the mainstream press suppressing anything negative vis a vis the immigrants seems so strange ; should n't they be neutral , and just report what 's happening , both good and bad ? 
  i hear there 's a lot of social pressure ( especially in germany and sweden ) to not saying anything bad about the refugees , but i wonder how that works on the ground and in the press . 
  i know what you mean about the perception in some poorer non-western places that `` all western countries are rich and all people from there have endless resources '' etc. 
  when i was in west africa , people constantly treated us like that ( tho ' they tended to be people from the larger cities ; villagers and rural folks were much nicer ; kind of strange , since the rural folks were less educated and worldly ) . 
  i could imagine that perception that we have endless resources and money being one of the things fueling the more demanding and entitled among the immigrants . 
  i wish we could separate the wheat from the chaff as far as the accuracy of these sorts of reports . 
  i mean the ones in the news - i see reports of ungrateful/demanding immigrants , and the more right-wing among us comment `` see !, 
  they 're all ungrateful bastards !, 
  send them home ! '', 
  but knowing human nature , i would suspect that it 's just a very rare ( tho ' newsmaking ) minority who are doing such things . 
  most people i know would n't be so demanding ; all the travel i 've done to poorer places in the world has taught me that most folks are appropriately grateful and humble , so this kind of nasty `` demanding '' behavior must be only a tiny fraction of the immigrants , or so i think . 
  i wonder if cases like this are partially caused by an imperfect understanding of the situation , combined with the strong emphasis on hospitality in syria and other countries . 
  i met a fellow who 'd just spent a couple of months backpacking through syria ( he went over the border illegally - this was around 1992 i think ) , and told me that even the poorest among them would give him the shirt off their back to make sure he felt like a welcome guest . 
  perhaps some of the folks arriving in europe feel they should be treated similarly , and are n't taking into account the pure magnitude of the situation . 
  i ca n't understand how an immigrant showing up in europe ( or canada , or anywhere , really ) can `` demand '' anything . 
  they maybe can hope for reasonable treatment , a bed , some food/water , clothing , some warmth , but not much else , at least not at first .
