   thats not what gets built . 
  that was my point ... 
  last time i checked , building regs state that if bathrooms are gender neutral they have to have floor-to-ceiling barriers between cubicles , rather than the standard smaller barriers you get in single gender bathrooms - although at the time the building regulations only mentioned disabled loos and made no provision for multi-cubicle gender neutral toilets . 
  minor difference , but it would make them more expensive to build . 
  in addition , i spoke to a couple of cafe-owners in the area i live in , and they said they 'd had issues off the local council when trying to build gender neutral loos - i think essentially the law is a bit vague on it , which gives local councils a lot of leeway to do whatever they like . 
  i have just had a quick google and ca n't find the original building regs i looked at , so it might well have changed since the last time i looked !, 
  must stress that i 'm only talking about multi-cubicle loos , not the kind you get in wee cafes and suchlike where there 's just one or twos toilets each in a little room of their own - obvs there 's no issue with making those gender neutral . 
  there are n't many unisex bathrooms in the uk ( in fact , i think there are lots of planning laws that make it difficult to build them ) , but i 've spent time in countries where they 're common , like sweden , and it did n't make any difference at all . 
  they were cleaner than uk loos ( although i think that 's more to do with it being sweden than anything else ) , and i did n't feel remotely unsafe or uncomfortable . 
  tbh i think we should just have unisex toilets everywhere , it would make things so much simpler . 
  living in scotland , i feel like it 's pretty obvious who we all joke about, 
  i did n't really differentiate between exchange students and students from the uk to be honest !, 
  i guess brits have an advantage because almost all exchange students who come here will speak pretty good english , so there usually is n't much of a language barrier . 
  a couple of my best friends from uni were exchange students , it was nice to be able to visit them and learn about how things are different in their countries, 
  i think so , but i 'm not sure how it would compare to the same thing in the us . 
  i 'm sure it exists in other circles too , but i 've only encountered it among young students . 
  i think lots of people feel * bad * about colonialism and how we treat other countries , but there are also a whole lot of people who are actually really nostalgic and jingoistic about the empire . 
  sorry , i posted it without thinking - my brain legit started reading ` hipster ' as ` hitler ' , i was n't trying to be funny . 
  sorry for inadvertently being an ass , i actually really like germany , speak ok german , and have considered moving there with my partner, 
  i started misreading it as ` hitler ' edit : oh my god , i 'm so sorry - i posted this at like 3am when my brain was so tired i literally forgot the original comment i was replying to was about germany d : i was n't trying to make a joke , i 'm just a bit slow on the uptake , i 'm really sorry !, 
  oh my god , hipsters are * definitely * a thing here . 
  the most hipster-heavy places i 've been to in europe are stockholm ( * jesus christ * ) , berlin and london , in that order, 
  i can more or less distinguish swedish , norwegian and danish since i studied swedish for a couple of years ( still have a wee bit of trouble with sv/nk though ... danish is easy ) . 
  can pretty reliably distinguish polish , german , spanish , italian , french , finnish . 
  i have never seen bagged milk in the uk , here it comes in plastic bottles , cartons , or sometimes glass bottles if you 're feeling fancy . 
  it was a total mindfuck the first time i saw a picture of milk in a bag . 
  i feel like tattie scones should go on the list too , my boyfriend was horrified when he found out they were n't a thing in england, 
   probably not good for you `` probably '', 
  i think the first would n't work unless countries had specialised forces to deal with their own specific issues , because different countries use their militaries for different things ... the second could work but would require a lot of planning, 
  if we did it well , it probably would be a lot more cost-effective and efficient . 
  ... emphasis on if . 
  like , a whole fucking lot of emphasis . 
  how dare you say such terrible things about tea !, 
  yes , but it depends , and i think a lot of racism/xenophobia is equally common amongst younger people . 
  also , old people can surprise you - me and my partner are lgbt and some of the kindest reactions we 've had have been from grandparents and other old people . 
  as other people have said , it can also just be them saying things that are now considered politically incorrect without any ill-intent . 
  i 've met old people who use the word `` coloured '' because they just do n't consider it offensive ; one of my friends at school had a gran who called her cat `` n * gger '' because that was just a normal name for a black cat when she was growing up, 
  no , it 's a load of bullshit . 
  there are dodgy/unsafe areas in the uk , just like in any other country , but i do n't know of anywhere where the police wo n't go . 
  tesco own-brand vodka is # 14.50 per litre , or # 6 for 350ml ( even cheaper than glen 's , the standard shitty vodka ) . 
  it does taste like paint stripper though . 
  what the * fuck * , with that first one , i figured the kid was going to get hit with a car , but not by it * flipping over a fkn fence *, 
  yeah , we do - you ca n't drive after a single drink up here, 
  i live in scotland and we have binge-drinking down to a fine art , but drink driving is a massive ... i do n't know , i want to say taboo , but that 's the wrong word . 
  you just do n't do it , people who drive drunk are pieces of shit , plus we have very strict drink driving laws . 
  plus no-one my age ( early 20s ) has enough money to buy a car , so . 
  try yorkshire , you 'll notice, 
  that 's what i like about it too - my mum 's family are from liverpool , so i went there quite a lot as a kid , and i 've always really liked it, 
  no worries  i did the whw with my boyfriend this summer , it was great ( although omfg the blisters ) . 
  if you do it , one thing i would suggest is paying someone to carry your bags . 
  i know it sounds like a total cop-out , but it 's very cheap and easy , and not having 20kg on your back makes it so so much more enjoyable . 
  elie in fife is great for paddle-boarding and kayaking ( there are seals , which is so freaking cool ! ) . 
  if you 're into hiking , the west highland way is gorgeous , really really lovely . 
  i personally quite like thurso , even though there is n't much to do there - just the fact that it 's one of the northernmost points in the uk is quite cool to me !, 
  edit - just have a google before you go anywhere - we have plenty of lovely fairytale villages , but we also have plenty of deprived , depressing hellholes, 
  to be completely honest , i think i personally would struggle with living there - scotland is a small place , and i think you could very easily get very bored living in the highlands . 
  i can 100 % recommend glasgow or edinburgh , though - the countryside is accessible from here , and they 're both decent sized cities with plenty going on . 
  a lot of smaller scottish villages are really pretty . 
  liverpool is really chill and has a great vibe to it . 
  i personally really like inverness , but i 'm not sure why . 
  belfast is really interesting politically . 
  york is very pretty and medieval . 
  it 's a real shame when people come to visit and never leave london !, 
  i also ca n't really tell the difference between them . 
  i can recognise really old-fashioned nyc accents ( they 're great !, 
  ) , chicago accents , california , deep south . 
  they do n't really have many connotations . 
  i guess californian/texan might sound stupid to some people , but only if you believe in stereotypes . 
  fyi , you should listen to birmingham , yorkshire , somerset , glaswegian and liverpool accents . 
  why not both ? 
  medical marijuana is n't a thing in europe , as far as i 'm aware , so no . 
  you 'll have no trouble finding it in amsterdam , though , that 's what it 's famous for . 
  maybe take the prescription around with you just in case you get caught by the police . 
  i 'd say fly , trains between european countries can be good , but it 's very difficult to find a good deal . 
  germany - if you 're into big cities and cool arts scenes , you ca n't miss berlin , it 's fuckin ' * cool * . 
  for countryside-y stuff , the black forest is gorgeous . 
  ireland - dublin is a lot of fun . 
  if you 're interested in politics and have time , you might want to cross the border into northern ireland and go to derry/londonderry or belfast - find a specifically non-sectarian tour and get them to show you around and tell you about the troubles , belfast in particular is really eye-opening . 
  in persian , ` barf ' means snow , and ` mahboob ' is popular ... 
  ahhh , this !, 
  there are so many other places to see and capital cities are a total bubble, 
  yes , but people will take the piss, 
  thanks for typing out such a good answer !, 
  really interesting to read - i grew up in london so all things countryside are a total mystery to me ( kind of due to london arrogance , that city is such a bubble . 
  there could legit be an outbreak of bubonic plague in york and it would n't make the headlines if it happened on the same day as a tube strike ), 
  that 's really interesting actually , i had no idea any of that was an issue . 
  do you have any idea where the feuds come from ? 
  is it all family-based , or is there religious/other sectarian stuff mixed up in it too ? 
  tea , talking about the weather , binge-drinking , emotional constipation ( apart from when we 're binge-drinking , then we can face getting touchy-feely ) . 
  yeah , i 'm always trying desperately hard to defend gypsies because i do think sometimes they get treated like shit , but then i see one of the places where they 've camped and it 's like * jesus fuck you guys do n't help yourselves *, 
  in the uk we care more about animals than we do about people . 
  seriously , a murderer could get a short sentence and we 'll get a little bit pissy , but tell the press a dog-killer or cat-torturer is getting off with community service and the fury of hell is released [ i would also like to leave wheelie-bin-cat-lady here as an example of this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/8884799/swinging-cat-attack-how-wheelie-bin-woman-became-national-hate-figure.html ), 
  the nhs is being systematically destroyed by our fuckwit overlords , and they speak english in australia . 
  i 'm not sure about it , tbh , and i 'm saying that as someone who 's been to turkey several times and is otherwise very liberal about who should and should n't be in the eu . 
  i think turkey is far more culturally middle eastern than european ; the only part of turkey i 've been in which felt even slightly european was a small part of central istanbul , and even then it 's not like you could confuse it with berlin , you know ? 
  it feels like it would actually be really disrespectful to the rest of turkey , because istanbul already gets most of the media attention/funding/business whilst everything else gets erased , and i feel like joining the eu would only help to carry on erasing turkey 's more `` non-european '' bits . 
  i also do n't think it 's geographically in europe . 
  also , erdogan is straying scarily close to dictator territory and has been for a long time . 
  i think some reform is needed before we even start talking about this . 
  okay , so for a start , this kind of myopic bullshit is what allowed the troubles to spiral so horrifically out of control .
