thank you , it 's kind of you to say that , and thanks for having a reasonable discussion with me on the subject . 
  i think you might know more about the french police service than me !, 
  i do n't have any experience of social services in france either - i do think they 're trying their best to support people , and when the camp was demolished they actually did n't do a terrible job of resettling people , but sadly i ca n't think of many countries where social services have the funding they need to support everyone under normal circumstances , let alone in times like these . 
  my dude , usually i try and have reasonable discussions with the people that crawl out of the woodwork on these posts , to like , ~ change opinions ~ and shit . 
  but frankly , i am hungover and your post history demonstrates pretty strongly that you are a giant racist pisswallet , so i 'm gon na reasonably ask you to go and fuck yourself sideways with a cactus . 
  a lot of the people living there actually did try and claim asylum in france - often they had their claims rejected ( did you know most eu states consider iraq and afghanistan safe , so wo n't take refugees - ah , sorry , ` illegals ' - from there ? 
  ) , or just got stuck in the system . 
  when you claim asylum , it takes months for your claim to be processed , and during that time you 're not allowed to work . 
  also , if you arrived in another country , whose language you do n't speak , would * you * know how to go about claiming asylum ? 
  what , do you think they just pitch up , say `` i claim asylum '' and then it 's all rainbows ? 
  nah , it 's a massively complicated and difficult legal process that would be difficult for anyone to get through , let alone some kid who is scared shitless and does n't speak a word of french . 
  also thanks to brexit fuckers i 'm probs not going to be enjoying schengen for much longer anyway , so i give precisely zero fucks, 
  no , i was with help refugees . 
  the crs ( special branch police ) were generally really hostile to us as well , ca n't imagine wanting them to escort me round !, 
  agreed that the uk should take more responsibility . 
  but i also agree that it 's a terrible situation all round , and without proper support and social services , a massive influx of people who need a lot of help can cause real problems in communities . 
  it is true that the refugee crisis is having a terrible effect on calais city centre , and i 'm sorry for not making that more clear . 
  i never personally felt intimidated by refugees when i was in town - the only trouble i had during my stay was actually from far-right groups - but maybe that 's because i share a language with a lot of them . 
  i was n't sure what you meant when you said that people are being forced out of their homes for refugees , could you tell me what that 's about ? 
  i 'm certainly not trying to justify destructive behaviour by refugees by saying that they are scared , just trying to explain . 
  shitty social situations do breed crime , and that does n't let criminals off the hook , no matter how bad their personal situation is , but it 's only by figuring out the roots of problems that you can try and fix them . 
  your comment about armed guards made me laugh - of course i did n't !, 
  i went there as a volunteer , i did n't even have a car , let alone an armed guard :p what would i have been armed with , a flowery hijab and a pack of smokes ? 
  not germany , but i worked in the calais ` jungle ' refugee camp when it was at its largest ( 10k residents ) , and i 'd agree with what other people are saying here . 
  i 'm not pretending that 100 % of people there were lovely angels , or that it was a good situation , but the vast majority of people i met were just normal people who were phenomenally depressed about their situation and just wanted to get back to a normal life . 
  there were fights in camp , but the damage was almost entirely limited to refugees . 
  there also tended to be violent protest whenever the police attempted to demolish parts of camp . 
  there was a lot of hostility towards the police in general , but in the time i was there we had incidents of : * large amounts of tear gas being sprayed into camp at night * arbitrary beatings and arrest * refugees in town having their shoes confiscated and being forced to walk back barefoot * police refusing to allow ambulances access to camp in cases of medical emergency ... so to be honest , i felt pretty hostile towards the police whilst i was working there too . 
  i think we have to be realistic and say that shitty living conditions breed shitty behaviour , and that camp had the shittiest living conditions i 've ever seen in my life . 
  there was a lot of anger , hostility and disbelief , but out of the hundreds of refugees i worked with , i can count incidents of hostility on the fingers of one hand . 
  yes , there were people who were aggressive , and yes , there were men who were pushy and made me uncomfortable , but we 're talking less than ten people , out of hundreds . 
  they were a massive pain in the ass at the port ( trying to get on ships/into cars ) , and i can imagine that being really frightening for drivers . 
  a lot of them liked to hang around in town , especially in the parks , but if people are intimidated by groups of black guys hanging around in parks , i think that says more about them than anything else . 
  nah , not at all , if we get on well enough to date then i 'm assuming our values and ideals do n't conflict anyway . 
  my only concern would be whether it would make things difficult in terms of logistics ( brexit , long distance , citizenship , where to live , etc. ), 
  that 's a good point !, 
  yes , i 'm almost certain it 's legal . 
  i do n't think many people other than nationalists would care very much , i think if you did it most people would just be a bit uncomfortable , because it does n't really happen very often here ? 
  oh god yeah , they definitely still exist . 
  i 'd say usually english - we have a similar `` type '' in scotland , but they have a bit of a different vibe . 
  plus we call them jakeys and neds rather than anything else . 
  bunch of lunatics , pretty much a cult . 
  there 's one church of scientology in my city , but i would n't say it 's on most people 's radars , it definitely does n't have the kind of power here that it has in the us . 
  i am in favour of sanctions against the us , but i think realistically we do n't have the economic power to do it . 
  difficult to effectively sanction a country that has more power and money than you . 
  i think it depends - american tv is almost always thought of as better than british tv ( except for comedy , we are really attached to our own brand of humour ) - us tv shows are just much shinier and more exciting than ours , on the whole . 
  in terms of films , like action films and so on , yes , i 'd say america is pretty well-regarded . 
  less so with arthouse cinema . 
  i find it annoying , but i do realise that it 's probably just a cultural thing , and that what they probably mean is `` i have irish/italian/etc . 
  mostly it just makes me think people are incredibly stupid . 
  my granddad is irish , but that does n't make me any less english , sadly . 
  i try not to let any food shock me ( i mean , come on , eating a sheep 's head is - i think - * way * less disgusting than the processed meat we eat in the uk . 
  we all know that half the meat we eat is 50 % water , pigs ' anuses and horsemeat , and we just do n't care ) , but still some stuff makes me pause despite myself . 
  an entire vat of bloody sheep 's heads was one of those things :p, 
  i know - the difference in how iran and saudi arabia are portrayed in british media absolutely astounds me . 
  the fact that iran is absolutely demonised for its laws and government whilst saudi arabia 's is completely ignored says a lot , really ... i suspect you 're right in saying that it 's to do with the oil ( and probably the arms trade , too ) . 
  depressing to think how much of the world revolves around those two industries . 
  thank you for the presumably well-intentioned reply , i have a degree in persian and have spent significant amounts of time in turkey , so you 'll be glad to know that neither muslims nor the middle east are a problem for me, 
  food that would never be eaten in your country of origin can always freak you out big time , i think . 
  i 've spent a lot of time in turkey and i love it , but the first time i came across a big vat of skinned sheep 's heads in a market , i was ... a little uncomfortable . 
  i 'd probably have to agree with others in this thread and say saudi arabia . 
  i study persian at uni , am quite familiar with iranian culture and have spent time in the middle east , and saudi arabia still seems terrifyingly extreme to me . 
  also , not to start shit , but in some ways america is really alien to me . 
  their political values and their general culture are so different to that of the uk - their feelings about the constitution , their patriotism , their food , their freaking * trains * - it 's a bit like the uncanny valley , if you know what i mean ? 
  just similar enough to our culture that the subtle differences are almost disconcerting . 
  just my opinion though , i 'm by no means certain that i 'm right . 
  i 'm really curious about that part of the world . 
  it does scare me a little bit , because by all accounts they got the shit bits of both the middle east and russia ( which is one hell of a combo , really ) , but i 'm still so curious , the culture must be so interesting ( even if it is n't necessarily in a good way ), 
  have you seen bitter lake ? 
  it 's a documentary about saudi arabia , afghanistan and so on , it 's super super interesting and really well put together if you 're interested in how saudi arabia became so extreme, 
  both for britain and the world as a whole - polarising , divisive politics . 
  i feel like pretty much everywhere i 've been recently , the gap between people with different/opposing political views has just been widening and widening , and people/politicians/the press have become more or less unable to have a calm discussion about their views . 
  i honestly feel like this lack of communication contributes to all kinds of extremism and makes it really hard to form policies that generally benefit everyone rather than being great for a small group and shite for everyone else . 
  on principle i guess it 's a little bit troublesome , but i have literally never met anyone who cares even the slightest bit, 
  that 's not basis for a system of government !, 
  i 'm against it on principle , but honestly , the biggest reason is that it 's such a fucking drain on public spending . 
  the royal family are massively fucking wealthy and are completely capable of getting their own jobs . 
  tbh i 'd be happy for them to continue being the royal family ( and bringing in all the tourism money blah blah blah ) if they 'd just pay their own way . 
  it makes me so angry that so many old people have to live on miniscule state pensions and the queen gets to live in a fucking palace . 
  that 's so great !, 
  i love finding out little things like that , 
  i will bear your words in mind next time i take a submarine trip ( maybe that is how i will get to tibet ), 
  i think pasta will not be my primary concern if i suddenly find myself deep underwater, 
  i currently have no money and am 7500km from tibet , but if i ever happen to visit i will happily reconsider my temperature-measuring choices so that i can continue making pasta wherever i am, 
  yeah , but like , i 'm not planning on making pasta on neptune any time soon, 
  that is * so cool *, 
  i grew up in morden , which is a really crappy suburb of london - it 's grimy , boring , has enough crime to make you a bit twitchy but not enough to be a hardcore rough area , etc. 
  this is a song a local band wrote about it - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lou6xsziknq, 
  i mean , i think picadilly circus was there first , but point taken :p, 
  piccadilly circus is n't that impressive even if you have n't been to times square tbh, 
  most of the touristy things around the oxford circus/piccadilly area of london , like oxford street , etc. 
  it 's super crowded and not really worth it . 
  i 'm so glad other people think it tastes like vomit too , i thought i was imagining it, 
  i know it 's just my opinion , but even the shittiest uk chocolate tastes better to me than hershey 's - like , the 25p own-brand stuff from the supermarket might taste a bit meh and be nothing special , but it still tastes like chocolate, 
  the sainsbury 's basics 100g bars of chocolate are actually amazing , they cost like 35p and they taste so good ?? 
  i think it tastes like sick , i was so disappointed when i tried it for the first time because i 'd always heard americans going on about how great it is . 
  i wonder if our chocolate tastes nasty to them too ? 
  * sweden * norway * denmark * spain * france * italy * greece * ireland * belgium i really liked norway and greece , they 're both so beautiful . 
  denmark was a lot of fun too , and i always like spain , i find it really relaxed and friendly  i 'm sad that i have n't been to eastern europe yet !, 
  edit : i did n't know whether to include turkey because i guess it 's kind of borderline , but someone else has included it so i will too ... i 've been to istanbul a few times and it 's legitimately my favourite city on the planet , i love it so much,
