so ... at the half-time uefa will tell wenger that he is not actually allowed on the touchline and will be banned for another 4 matches . 
  a charging scotsman would also fit somewhere quite nicely . 
  according to fifa there were more than 50 international matches played today , so your argument is invalid . 
  although fc lasnam\u00e4e ajax ca n't beat the losing run , they are without a win in 49 games in estonian meistriliiga . 
  this spreads through two seasons , 2007 and current , 2011 . 
  4 draws and 23 losses to date this season with a goal difference of -- 114 ( 8 -- 122 ) . 
  in 2007 they ended with one win , two draws and thirty-three losses . 
  so they are on the course of beating their own records . 
  we even have a saying in here : `` see on v\u00f5imalik ainult eesti jalgpallis '' ( `` it 's only possible in estonian football '' ) as the local league is just full of odd things . 
  does anyone know the reason he was wearing 44 ? 
  as i recall , he is wearing 14 in the league . 
  if you wan na see goals , watch estonian meistriliiga , because the goals desperately need to be seen here . 
  it 's a win-win guys . 
  million dollar bay -- the story of explosions and high speed chases . 
  yes . 
  usually takes me more than 2 minutes to get a game going . 
  if it does not load the kit selection screen in 2-3 seconds it means the connection will be lost . 
  the problem might be that if you try to advance right after the connection has failed , the game tries to connect with the same user again . 
  at least that is what i get when a connection has been established and i refuse a game . 
  [ the great dictator ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcvjowownn4 ), 
  league : estonian meistriliiga, 
  notable teams : tallinna flora and tallinna levadia , as they are the only one 's that have won the league and still exist . 
  some fun facts from estonian meistriliiga :, 
  current top scorer aleksandrs cekulajevs of estonian meistriliiga has 44 goals from 32 matches . 
  last year he played in icelandic third ( ! ), 
  tier . 
  oh , and the next best scorer in the league has 19 goals . 
  last placed team lasnam\u00e4e ajax has n't won in 54 matches in the top league . 
  they 've scored 11 goals all season . 
  cekulajevs , who was mentioned earlier , has score 18 against them in four matches . 
  157 goals have been scored against them in total as of now . 
  the club 's 51-year-old chairman or simply the one and only man to care about the club , boriss dugan , added himself to the team sheet and became the oldest player to play in the league . 
  he stated that the players the club has are just not commited and he is better than them ( it 's true ) . 
  if i 'm correct before that he last played in meistriliiga in 1992 . 
  7-time champion tallinna levadia had a match awarded to opponents as they could n't count yellow cards and fielded a banned player . 
  in the same weekend their reserve team , which plays a level lower , in esiliiga , did exactly the same with a different player . 
  last season this happened twice , but with other teams , including 6-0 victory that was scraped . 
  average attendance is one of the lowest in the world with less than 200 . 
  some teams in other countries have more spectators in one match than here the whole season . 
  the manager of first division ( esiliiga ) team tallinna kalev is sergei ratnikov , he is formally also the manager of meistriliiga side narva trans as they sacked their previous coach and now ca n't ( or do n't want to ) find a new one with uefa pro license . 
  some random coach is actually taking care of the team . 
  the same with levadia tallinn . 
  another one with lasnam\u00e4e ajax . 
  sometimes the team does n't have enough substitutes , so their reseve keeper has to play as an outfielder . 
  actually it 's common for the bottom teams to only have 2-4 bench players in a match . 
  fc viljandi plays their home matches in viljandi , but the players work , live and train in tallinn . 
  much like anzhi makhachkala , although viljandi is n't dagestan . 
  last summer , siksten kasimir found out about his transfer from tallinna flora to kuressaare , which is flora 's feeder club playing also in meistriliiga , from the internet . 
  narva trans has been in match fixing scandals more than i can count . 
  but still they play . 
  unofficial record for the fastest own goal is held by kuressaare 's jaanis kriska . 
  in 2009 , he managed to do it in 5 seconds . 
  the chairman of estonian football association is also the chairman of the most successful club , tallinna flora . 
  the season starts in the first week of march and most games are played in tallinn at sportland arena as it 's the only artificial pitch with heaters , even teams from other cities play there . 
  it 's snowing and -10 c in november aswell when the season finishes . 
  not from the league , but still fun to know . 
  in 2009 , estonia 's national football team played a friendly against kazahstan in turkey , both teams had blue shirts and the team did n't have alternate kits . 
  shakhtar donetsk were training nearby and estonians actually played with white shakhtar shirts !, 
  but somehow our national team is currenty in a play-off spot in euro 2012 qualification group c. 
  edit :, 
  tl ; dr one could write an oscar-winning screenplay about the league . 
  not going to be an easy task if you want to get payed well . 
  most of the players in the top teams get country 's average wage or less . 
  there are very few players who do n't have at least part-time jobs , they all hope for opportunities abroad . 
  either football or work . 
  most of the ones who leave to work in scandinavia also play in lower divisions there and also get payed for playing . 
  sadly they will resume on saturday , no cup games in the midweek either . 
  yes , joel played for flora : i would love to see him in the blue shirt again , but he chose the club . 
  specially after the impressive seasons he has had with nyrb . 
  the players are mostly the descendants of soviet time immigrants , some of them have estonian passports , some have russian , some have neither . 
  the first two are in the northeastern part of the country and rely on suspicious latvians and lithuanians as no-one good enough for the teams would move there although they are estonian clubs , i would n't really call them that . 
  99 % of these players do n't have any hope for a bright career . 
  flora has 4 foreigners right now , 2 from norway , 1 finn and 1 georgian , they are all first team players . 
  the club has been like that for a long time , they get a few young players and hope to sell them for a nice profit . 
  as the team has many feeder clubs it is bound to grow a few good local players that get the chance abroad . 
  levadia is another club that produces players for the national team . 
  the club is between fully estonian and russian clubs . 
  they have been the steping stone between lower division clubs that are more oriented on growing youth players and abroad , most russian-estonians that have made into the national team have gone through this team . 
  n\u00f5mme kalju is somewhat a team that has brought fresh waves to the league . 
  few years ago , when playing in the first division , they hired a brazilian coach and some brazilians from finnish lower divisions and set sights for meistriliiga . 
  recently there have n't been many new brazilians , but there are others . 
  no-names from portugal , mexico , spain , ivory coast , japan , sweden , italy and cuba have played or are playing for the team . 
  this season they also got some forgotten national team players as well and are pushing for the title , although it looks like it 's out of the reach after recent dissappointments . 
  they are the only team that tries to reach the audience . 
  other teams are fully estonians , but mostly unnotable . 
  viljandi , kuressaare and paide are feeder clubs to flora . 
  tammeka is full of talented youngsters , but money is a problem there like everywhere . 
  a monthly football magazine ( yes , we actually have one ) did an interview with him some time ago . 
  ca n't find the issue right now , but if i remember correctly he blamed himself for taking the chances he had in valerenga . 
  he just wasted so many chances . 
  he returned to flora and spent a lot of time on loan at other scandinavian teams . 
  he joined n\u00f5mme kalju this season and has score 15 times , being a vital part of the team . 
  he was part of the national team a long time and had over 100 caps , but he will never be a player to remember . 
  narva trans and its players have been suspected of match fixing for a long time . 
  and many latvian and lithuanian players they 've had have a bad history as well . 
  and as i said the foreign players change with every season , sometimes even in the mid-season , one group of players leaves , another one comes in . 
  the results in europe have been absolutely catastrophic year by year , same in the baltic league . 
  the way they sometimes lose matches are just unexplainable . 
  yeah , alo is with us this season and has played ninety minutes in all 31 league games this season as of now . 
  after leaving bod\u00f8 / glimt , he had a successful trial with mls expansion team portland timbers and was about to join the club , but for some reason he ended up at home anyway .
