  fact of the day : there are more than 4 countries in europe . 
  fifth gear ? 
  they should be more than happy with the draw against us . 
  we were robbed !, 
  looks awful . 
  but at least you tried . 
  i 'd like them to be available where i live . 
  this brazilian soccer looks a lot like regular soccer . 
  [ something from estonia ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vvoruerrfy ), 
  nec , who is last in the eredivisie , has 9 points , az , who is on top , has 22 . 
  reality check . 
  tabbed browsing . 
  look it up . 
  yup , at least sounds in main menu are working for me again . 
  checked two videos and they were both some random pub clips with shitty commentary . 
  furthermore , both had 1080p quality option , but still looked more closer to 240p . 
  it 's good enough for a superhero movie . 
  do n't expect it to be anything else . 
  not exactly news is it ? 
  that was announced almost 2 months ago . 
  might sound like a stupid answer , but it 's the right one . 
  it 's a f2p game , just download it and find out , ca n't get any simpler than that . 
  did anyone else get their launch options ( e.g. 
  - novid - noborder - windowed ) wiped after the update ? 
  it is n't . 
  what exactly makes him a professional footballer ? 
  avoid seeding torrents . 
  wow . 
  what is ? 
  if you refer to community market price and availability in description , then it 's been there for quite some time now . 
  the set looks quite okay in game , perhaps those pictures are just bad . 
  according to transfermarkt , estonia 's 175k record transfer is neemelo from helsingborg to tvmk , which never actually happened . 
  so that number is definitely bullshit . 
  divide that 175k with 100 and you might get the right amount for some other record transfer . 
  estonia 's record is mart poom from derby to sunderland , if anyone is wondering . 
  is n't two decimal places default in spreadsheet applications ? 
  absolutely awful graph to be honest . 
  starting from some random number ( 40 ) makes it look like suarez has been involved 4 times more than the next best . 
  starting from a random number kind of defeats the whole purpose of a bar graph in this case . 
  what 's the point of these ? 
  latvia come , bring potato . 
  is n't there a law that a top division in europe ca n't have more than 20 teams ? 
  i vaguely remember that for the same reason the number of teams was reduced in premier league in the first place . 
  is there a way to get this outside the us with the same price ? 
  [ at least they found it out before the match and did n't get their win in the season opener annulled , like n\u00f5mme kalju in estonian meistriliiga . 
  ] ( http://www.rumodispo.com/news/kalju-win-annulled ), 
  pretty sure you should stick to working then, 
  added time and extra time are different things . 
  huh ? 
  looks more like bloodseeker that swallowed kirby . 
  you can hear him talking in the background with others . 
  just because he 's not on the camera does n't mean he sits alone in the corner doing nothing . 
  although i too would prefer if he 'd spend some time in the couch area . 
  lumi 's `` prease '' has to be in one of the lines, 
  doubt that . 
  he has said many times on his stream that he wants to attend ti4 . 
  [ onboard cam ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7brn5bcxsvw ), 
  this whole post seems like bs to me . 
  i 've honestly never seen anyone use period as a separator here in estonia . 
  it has always been either 1 000 000 or just plain and simple 1000000 . 
  and we use comma as a decimal point ( 100,7 ) . 
  we even say hundred comma seven ( sada koma seitse ) . 
   iceiceice stream, 
  good luck with that, 
  fnatic four and black to combine their powers and play as fnaticis in ti4 . 
  since the players are invited , i see no reason why they should n't be allowed to do this . 
  is it just me or are left and right audio channels reversed for multicast stream ? 
  you have to make a new one each season . 
  estonia is wrong . 
  second div or , as we call it here , esiliiga was won by levadia ii . 
  flora ii has never ever won esiliiga . 
  manchester . 
  third game in a row involving levadia , that ended 7-0 . 
  league game against trans and cl first round qual match against la fiorita both ended in the same scoreline , but in levadia 's favour . 
  and another cool fact is that these goals ended levadia 's 18-match clean sheet streak . 
  last time they were scored against happened on april 5 , so more than three months ago . 
  honestly , i do n't see any resemblance . 
  what 's the deal with jokes about carol voderman 's age ? 
  every now and then i hear one , but ca n't figure out the reason . 
  shane broke it and bruno carried him . 
  your thread is based on assumption that sing named an item with a stupid name . 
  but it 's not really a secret , that people gift him items with retarded names , so `` sing being sing '' is far from the truth . 
  thus yeah , it matters . 
  estonian guy is apparently bassist of a now defunct band bedwetters . 
  at best , 1 in thousand would know who that guy is . 
  type `` reddit '' into chat channel search ingame and find out, 
  trench-tier amusement . 
  400 without the club with considerably bigger fan base ? 
  get on estonia 's level . 
  [ 253 on average . 
  ] ( http://jalgpall.ee/premium/layout_tables.php ), 
  when rubick lifts someone , does the target still take damage from spells like chakram , midnight pulse and macropyre ? 
  why not ? 
  international breaks do n't necessarily stop lower leagues or cup games from being played , so technically this could still be possible . 
  thanks , but no thanks . . 
  this ofroberg guy is clearly just promoting his abios gaming website through these links . 
  and that should not be tolerated . 
  3.875 = 100 % = 16 teams, 
  1.625 = 41.9 % = 6.7 \u2248 7 teams ( latvia ), 
  1.250 = 32.3 % = 5.2 \u2248 5 teams ( lithuania ),
