  1.000 = 25.8 % = 4.1 \u2248 4 teams ( estonia ), 
  not sure if you did the calculation same way , but right now estonia has 3 teams and lithuania has 6 . 
  we ^ demand ^ justice ^ !, 
  yes , finally , estonia is on the front page of r/soccer . 
  thank you , zlatan !, 
  [ p\u00e4rnu linnameeskond ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-b-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-frc1/429153_320817157965426_1920253036_n.jpg ), 
  there 's a good change we 'll see this beauty in estonian premier league next season . 
  you better believe it . 
  the logo in wikipedia is an old one , from days when the club was still called p\u00e4rnu vaprus . 
  no one just has n't bothered to update it . 
  this is something that bugs me a lot more than it should . 
  why is it needed to emphasize that the video is hd , even though 95 % of the contents is not even close to that . 
  figure it out yourself . 
   ... , but cyborgmatt sure knows what 's up . 
  ftfy, 
  hello `` sam hyde '' , surely you are must think you 're a perfect flower , but i 'm sure if someone bothers to check your dotabuff there 's shit to be found as well . 
  i 'm wondering about this as well , same thing in the summit 2 . 
  is main vp gon na disband or something ? 
  well , this post sucks, 
  you can use fmel editor for that, 
  what 's new about it ? 
  team spirit wins as team demon has 4 standins . 
  this bait is as generic as a bait can be . 
  thus not really noteworthy in any way . 
  try to find better things to make videos of . 
  there 's no need for that 10 second title card . 
  make it much much shorter , 2-3 seconds is enough . 
  music quality was awful . 
  but do n't give up , everyone has to start from somewhere . 
  they still have more than 24 hours ( 24 hours and 20 mins to be exact ) until the games start . 
  they will surely make an announcement , just keep calm and play dota . 
  tinker secured their place in kiev before dreamleague schedule was announced , so they knew what they were getting themselves into . 
  this is their own fault sadly . 
  no drama, 
  e : can not words, 
  does anybody know what 's the deal with last three games between c9 and sna of north american qualifiers ? 
  first matchday in sweden is already in seven days , yet the they are still missing one team besides empire . 
  dreamleague , dramaleague , whatever ... but i 'm honestly curious about it . 
  we all know her , this is reddit after all . 
  alliance forfeited the match because of roster issues they 're having . 
  tbh dc has not said anything about it in twitter or their website . 
  they only casually mentioned it on the stream yesterday before first game . 
  say whatever you want about this game , but i 'm just happy that we are guaranteed to see a new team in a lan competition . 
  tired of seeing same faces over and over and over again . 
  bruno said that dreamhack did n't even submit a ticket while they were still in charge . 
  all gone, 
  time for eu hub singsing + pieliecry vs notail + fly rematch in tag-team tournament . 
  let 's make it happen guys !, 
  pm stream please . 
  estonian should be 5 . 
  also `` all leagues '' means european top 4 leagues + either porugal or france depending on a diceroll . 
  til there are only 10 football competitions in europe . 
  can you post the link here please cause i ca n't click the link in the picture for some reason ? 
  not that it really matters , but kabaev scored 42 goals and played 43 games . 
  he 's missing 4 games and 4 goals from somewhere ( cup games ? ) . 
  and subbotin should be at 45 and 44 . 
  he is missing 11 goals and 3 games . 
  and kouakou fabrice elysee kouadio * aka * manucho has 34 goals . 
  stop discriminating estonian football !, 
  it could also be found on the fucking top of r/dota2, 
  there are 11 unbeaten teams just in [ albanian first division ] ( http://int.soccerway.com/national/albania/league-1/20142015/regular-season/r25867/ ) . 
  get your shit right next time . 
  and by shit i mean title . 
  guess you really meant 3 teams in english football league ( 92 , right ? ) . 
  but for now , you got fucking rekt . 
  this feels good . 
  just because something is well known somewhere , does n't mean it 's well known anywhere . 
  v.e / n league , never forget . 
  they were doing quite okay up until he left . 
  1/110 , not 1/10000 . 
  this is n't about randoming a specific hero twice . 
  if he had said before that he would random lich twice , then 1/110 * 1/110 would be the correct answer . 
  but he did n't . 
  first time you random you are bound to get a hero , whether you like it or not , so the chance to get a hero is 100 % or 1/1 . 
  and if you decide to reroll and get that same hero , then multiply that initial 1/1 with 1/110 . 
  a bit offtopic perhaps , but is there a way to hide streamers from twitch list ? 
  i 'm sure that twitch will do nothing about this situation , so i want to at least remove him from my view . 
  for anyone who is having trouble understanding this map , wrong side is colored blue here . 
  i do n't think you know what `` raise you this '' means . 
  it 's easier to imagine getting rekt because you have 6 fucking sticks . 
  gtfo with your stolen video . 
  xdxdxdxdxdxdxdxd, 
  same here . 
  had the same issue and for me it stopped after i opted out of steam beta client . 
  what 's the reason behind calling hosts and casters `` talent '' all of a sudden ? 
  those were available during dreamleague s2, 
  esl go4dota tournaments are already on every sunday , why have it at the same time ? 
  register . 
  we 're not your friends , pal . 
  the only known team is ee 's disciples . 
  they won the latest esl monthly tournament and durka said on stream that winners would get a spot in the main qual . 
  hr was in open bracket and they lost in ro16, 
  rolo was once in fnatic.na and more recently in boreal . 
  jah has played for boreal and ehug . 
  gix has stood in for some na teams like stay free for example . 
  besides waga and monkeys the other three are just some na hopefuls it seems . 
  i do n't really know anything about these guys , but at least they all have a footprint on dota sites already . 
  found you on dotabuff as well, 
  the confirmed sqreen 's squad at the top of the page is wrong already . 
  five players that took part in esl open qual were sqreen , vigoss , neqroman , kingr , blowyourbrain .
