   the point is that we know no other name for it and calling it the `` ireland and britain thing '' is n't exactly convenient nor descriptive . 
  how is it not descriptive ? 
  ** britain and ireland is exactly what it is . 
  ** and no we 're not going to refer to our homeland as part of the british isles for someone else 's convenience . 
  the blood that was spilled for our independence was n't so we would continue to be referred to as part of any british geographical location . 
  i mean if you want to be ultra convenient , why not just call most of europe the roman empire ? 
  oh right , we do n't because it 's no longer part of it . 
   oceania , scandinavia as far as i know oceania and scandinavia never has been or part of any single country , empire or nationality under those names . 
  the british isles however refers to land owned by britain . 
  all of ireland was once part of it but that is no longer the case . 
  to make the republic part of it is like saying czechoslovakia when you want to refer to both the czech republic and slovakia . 
  it 's outdated , incorrect , and will likely annoy natives . 
  [ okay ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgdbaedvwp0 ), 
  this is hilarious . 
  i 'll take that as a `` no '' . 
  you do n't know the difference between land and water ? 
  seriously ? 
  when i 'm asked north or south i just answer with `` the republic '' . 
  i have heard it a few times . 
  only from people from continental europe though . 
  they tend to assume because we call one part northern , then we refer to the rest as southern . 
  it 's incorrect but i can see their logic , and calling it southern does n't make it sound like it 's british so i 'm cool with it . 
  wales is n't in the irish sea . 
  the sea touches it . 
  the republic of ireland , which is not british , is often referred to as being part of the british isles . 
  see the difference ? 
  this actually looks beautiful . 
  it sounds better without the w , but with it was how i was taught so it 's beaten into me now . 
  go away you with your connacht irish !, 
  sarcasm in jest aside , i had very little issue understanding connacht irish . 
  most of the words sound the same so the few that do n't rarely gave me trouble . 
  reminds me of an irish language teacher i had who always said `` ar\u00edst '' instead of `` ar\u00eds '' despite never adding the t when writing it . 
  she was from galway so i assume it was an accent . 
  calling the irish language `` gaelic '' is incorrect because gaelic is a family of languages . 
  that would be like saying you speak germanic instead of english . 
  the irish word for the irish language is `` gaeilge '' . 
  pronounced as gwayl-geh , or gayl-geh . 
  as with any language , accent can change pronunciation a bit , 
  we need a revival of the old s\u00e9imhi\u00fa . 
  really though you have a point . 
  with touchscreen keyboards we do n't need to rely as much on mass produced keyboards leaving out characters . 
  what kind of a question is this ? 
  of course there are rules . 
  when you know what the letters are supposed to do , irish is actually very phonetic most of the time . 
  actually they 're not redundant . 
  to make the exact sound of yo-egg in irish you need to use that sort of letter arrangement . 
  if you left out the i it would be yo-agg . 
  if you left out the e it would be yuh-egg . 
  no h 's would result in geo-bed ( a hard g like in the word god ) . 
  when you know what the letters do in the context of the language , irish is most times very phonetic . 
  the dot is no longer in use . 
  i do n't know why but maybe it has something to do with keyboards or printing . 
  i learned munster irish . 
  which means ulster irish sounds foreign as fuck to me . 
  i think my favourite irish word to show people is gheobhaidh ( for my fellow non-irish europeans , it 's pronounced as `` yo-egg '' ) . 
  i 've seen finnish that looks like that . 
  and pharmaceutical names . 
  or how an english speaking person would say the letter a. 
  ridiculous is n't it ? 
  `` keyboard mashing '' made me laugh . 
  i love terrorising my foreign friends by showing them names like sadhbh , caoimhe , bl\u00e1thnaid , aodh and eoghan . 
  we love our fucking harp . 
  really though that says much more about us than an eagle or lion could . 
  thanks for the advice but i think i 'll be okay because i 'll be going with my boyfriend who is romanian  we 're not entirely sure exactly where we will go yet , but i know that bucharest is one definite stop . 
  i do want to see the vorone\u021b monastery and pele\u0219 castle because i 'm very interested in art history and architecture . 
  we 're considering travelling to a few places by train to take in the scenery . 
  also considering going to the mountains . 
  honestly there 's so much i want to see that one trip wo n't be enough . 
  unless you go protesting on their behalf , fuck off with that snide comment . 
  some countries have enough of their own shit to be dealing with already without taking on someone else 's . 
  they 're indirectly showing opposition to someone like trump anyway . 
  what they 're protesting is the sort of thing he could potentially do . 
  very proud of you romania . 
  i wish my country had your passion against political corruption . 
  i may be visiting in the summer . 
  looking forward to it !, 
  yea but we get loads of our books from britain !, 
  the popular vote is more than symbolic . 
  the fact that the majority did n't want trump to win but they 're stuck with him anyway is pretty crap . 
  that sort of thing makes people feel unheard . 
  i do n't know if there is a good replacement for the electoral college . 
  it 's not my area of expertise . 
  maybe the usa is just too big to make a fair system that works for it . 
  he did n't win the popular vote . 
  millions feel cheated . 
  trump has n't really been able to yet given that he is not yet the head of state . 
  but you only need to look at what he says and who his friends are to know he does n't give a shit about the population . 
  the man 's tweets alone are childish tantrums born from narcissism . 
  wow i did not say that having the same quality of work , health care or currency is destructive !, 
  i think these are essential and should be among the primary goals of europe !, 
  we can have all that without shedding our diverse identity . 
  having consistency matters . 
  things like currency , rights , health care , quality of education and major laws should ideally be the same across europe . 
  this type of consistency creates a good base for a standard of living , which is something we can all benefit from . 
  however our diversity is our identity . 
  standardising everything may look good on paper but it would ruin europe . 
  edit : seems my post can be misunderstood . 
  i think that having much more standardising than what i listed in my first paragraph may be unnecessary and potentially damaging to europe 's diverse culture . 
  some things should be standardised , but not everything . 
  well when you got someone like trump across the water and a neighbour like putin being all buddy-buddy in their quest to stamp out rights for profit , continental nationalism in europe is not a surprising reaction .
