  we are cursed to live in interesting times . 
  edit : i would love to know the views of those downvoting me . 
  is it somehow wrong to be glad that you do n't have someone like putin or trump being the head of state where you live ? 
  and to be worried about the possibilities of their collaborations ? 
  yea this is what i mean . 
  the uk do n't have much in the way of unique exports but they 're a massive customer of imports . 
  this is one of the reasons why their loss will be felt , and not as easily glossed over as so many believe . 
  i honestly think it would be a huge disadvantage to abolish freedom of movement . 
  the uk , like it or not , does make a lot of money from foreigners . 
  there is tourism and some of the best third level education in the world is in the uk . 
  this attracts so much money from the outside . 
  it 's in - everyone 's - best interests to retain freedom of movement . 
  the un is n't the eu . 
  my point still stands . 
  i did n't say ireland being neutral in wwii does n't matter . 
  i 'm saying that as time passes it matters less . 
  your post supports that . 
  yea they were persecuted for law breaking . 
  this is hardly the only instance in which the right thing was illegal . 
  countless examples of this happen in every country . 
  obviously apple were fined because there were grounds to fine them , and because the eu wanted to show them that they ca n't do whatever they want without repercussions . 
  apple are somewhat notorious for making their own rules with their money . 
  but really though , ireland 's stance in wwii has - nothing - to do with apple . 
  i do n't know why you brought it up at all . 
  or do you think a country should be punished for policies that were decided by people who are long since dead ? 
  well ireland 's list of embarrassing and cruel decisions throughout its history pale in comparison to its closest neighbour . 
  the uk is a massive market but i think part of the point is there is little the uk exports that can not be gotten elsewhere within the rest of the eu . 
  i do n't think a lot of people realise this . 
  the eu will survive the loss of the uk , although with a few scars . 
  if that mattered a great deal to the eu then ireland would n't have been able to join . 
  you ca n't really blame the current government for something decided by a bunch of people who are long dead . 
  ireland had a lot of its own crap to deal with at the time and many irish people joined the british army to fight the nazis . 
  and i do n't think apple give a shit anyway . 
  they base their decisions on money , not on who allied with who in wwii . 
  is n't what they 're wearing some sort of uniform ? 
  i seriously doubt they wear it at home or while they do their weekly shopping . 
  ca n't really compare that to people who wear archaic clothing in their personal lives . 
  we voted to legalise gay marriage . 
  that 's why . 
  we 're progressive in some ways ... but in other ways we 're archaic as fuck . 
  from the little i know , i know that there is a lot of hostility surrounding the falkland 's current stance and what lead up to it . 
  i 'm certainly no expert on this at all but i am inclined to think that it should be remedied if possible . 
  i suppose some people think altering or removing the sovereignty is a possible path to a good resolution . 
  i do n't know if it could be . 
  on paper it may look bad , but knowing the specifics the answer may appear rather grey . 
  as i said before i 'm unqualified to comment about this . 
  i really know very little . 
  why do n't you think it is ? 
  i do n't really feel qualified to comment much on this issue as i know very little about it . 
  i think everyone has sort of forgotten about it by now with the terrorism in the south of england and an uncertain brexit looming over the uk . 
  that being said i 'd rather corbyn handle it than may . 
  i would n't trust may to train a dog . 
  heck i 'd even take cameron back and i never liked him . 
  please elaborate . 
  with respect , that 's an article from last year before brexit was voted in . 
  i think it 's safe to say corbyn is going to put that on hold ( * or even forget about it altogether * ) considering he would n't be in a strong position to negotiate anything there until there is , at the very least , a clear path for brexit . 
  it 's been a year since the brexit vote and we 're no closer to knowing what 's going to happen . 
  the population is getting impatient , as is clear from the snap election . 
  at this rate it could be several years before this falklands issue is seriously brought up again . 
  this is n't about capitalism vs communism . 
  it 's about the fact that in a very short space of time may has demonstrated several times that she is a poor example of leadership . 
  not even loyal tory voters like her . 
  when the uk was looking for answers about brexit all she could do was say `` strong and stable '' , say she wants to reintroduce fox hunting , and natter on about how the internet needs to be policed to stop terrorism , because apparently doing that will somehow stop people rampaging in cars or buying knives from their local tesco . 
  meanwhile we find out she is personally responsible for massive cuts to the police force . 
  on top of that she told a nhs nurse who has n't gotten a pay rise in nearly a decade that `` there is n't a magic money tree '' . 
  likely she lost a gigantic amount of nhs staff votes with that alone . 
  may did plenty of damage to her party 's reputation by herself . 
  then add the fact that labour campaigned very strategically and connected with the younger generation . 
  and to make things worse may wants to team up with the dup , a right-wing populist party , in order to secure more power after the drastic loss in power the snap election brought . 
  this could potentially reignite hostility in northern ireland . 
  strong and stable indeed . 
  so no this is n't about capitalism vs communism . 
  it 's about the uk wanting a government with the uk 's best interests in mind , not a government that only thinks about their party . 
  all i can say is what i saw and i told you exactly what i saw , which was little to no differences in their lifestyle . 
  they 're the kind of couple that are glued together . 
  i do n't know the science behind it , all i know is i saw it . 
  if you 're just going to completely ignore what i say then \u00af \\ ( \u30c4 ) / \u00af, 
   sure , your metabolism might differ . 
  that is going to result in differences of about 5 % + - , nothing major . 
  i do n't really believe that after seeing someone who lives on nothing but fast food , sits all day but remains slim , while someone else who eats healthy food in normal portions , does exercise but packs on more fat . 
  do n't get me wrong my `` bigger '' friends i 'm on about are not obese at all , but they have a bit of a belly or slight double-chin . 
  maybe other medical issues are at work here , so many symptoms of medical conditions can cause a person to lose or gain weight . 
  even so what i 'm saying is still true - a person 's weight is n't always an accurate description of their lifestyle . 
  well i lived with some of them and they ate no more than i did and i 'm slim . 
  two of them are married , and eat the exact same meals yet the guy is packing far more weight than his very petite wife . 
  the only difference in their lifestyle is he smokes a bit more than she does . 
  please direct me to where i said i know people who make energy out of nothing . 
  i have some friends who pack on a bit more weight than others despite the fact that they have healthy diets and do exercise . 
  not everyone 's metabolism is identical . 
  edit : i know someone with a really bad diet , does no exercise but they 're skinny anyway . 
  being slim does n't automatically mean you eat properly . 
  some people are naturally bigger/rounder , and they may pack some extra fat in certain areas more than other people . 
  but that 's not what happened to that woman . 
  it 's not normal for anyone to have fat rolls on their joints . 
  edit : just watched the whole video and the lady does indeed even admit that what she looks like is n't normal , and it 's because of a medical condition that went undiagnosed for far too long . 
  she does n't try to normalise her weight at all , but expresses frustration that being overweight causes doctors to make assumptions rather than proper medical examinations , and that getting basic medical info is very difficult . 
  whatever there is to be said about how a person got fat , it must suck when it feels like you ca n't access enough information to be able to begin losing weight . 
  can confirm we get on well . 
  been great friends with someone from newcastle for years , recently moved there myself . 
  love it .
