  my parents nearly moved to another country due to the ira activity where i grew up . 
  living in the republic did not make anyone immune to them . 
  they were often ruthless . 
  push people far enough and that 's what happens . 
  i 'm not saying i like it . 
  it 's just a horrible fact . 
  well it 's a tldr of mcguinness , not my comment :d, 
  ireland is remembering a man . 
  britain is remembering a terrorist . 
  tldr : the man in the photo is martin mcguinness . 
  he was part of the ira , a terrorist group , but ended up being instrumental in the peace process in northern ireland . 
  seems some british newspapers prefer to highlight his past and overlook the rest . 
  he never denied his involvement with the ira . 
  it would be a disservice to him to omit his hand in terrorism or his huge part in the peace process . 
  what the ira did is a result of being pushed too far . 
  in the end they were as bad as each other , but the ira did n't throw the first stone . 
  edit : the people downvoting me seriously need to read some history . 
  like it or not that 's how it is . 
  the ira did n't pop out of thin air for nothing and start terrorising people for no reason . 
  no amount of denial or downvoting is going to change that . 
  and for the record , no i do not support the ira and i never have . 
  i grew up watching the news about the troubles on tv and it was horrible . 
  even though i 'm from the republic , there was a lot of ira activity where i grew up . 
  a stash of their weapons was found just ten minutes from my house . 
  it got to the point that my parents seriously considered moving to another country . 
  peacemaker ? 
  it 's just a photo of a man . 
  there is nothing about the image that symbolises peace . 
  except for anyone who sees the man that way . 
  edit : i see am getting downvoted for this . 
  someone please tell me what it is about the photo that symbolises peace ? 
  is there a dove ? 
  a holy symbol ? 
  is he making a peace sign with his hand ? 
  where is it ? 
  tell me !, 
  i do n't think english has a word for a rational fear though . 
  unless you just use `` fear '' . 
  or maybe `` cautious '' ? 
  maybe just use anti-erdogan ? 
  anti-erdoganism ? 
   what you 're suggesting is a coup , or a political assassination is the only way to solve the erdogan problem , which is not fine at all . 
  where did he even say this ? 
  all he said is that he 's corrupt and is the problem in turkey . 
  he said nothing about a coup or killing . 
  war can have a cleansing effect , but it 's like demolishing your house and building a new one because you somehow think that is better than using bleach to clean your bathroom . 
  he thinks lack of christian power is our problem ? 
  he says war can have a cleansing effect ? 
  it sounds like he wants a destructive holy war . 
  this is the kind of thing religion based terrorism claims to champion . 
  what a fucking hypocrite . 
  bet it 's real easy to suggest war is the answer when it 's in a land far across the ocean . 
   you 're twisting it i am not . 
  you seem to think that calling something british when it 's not is okay and correct . 
   ireland is a british isle just as much as great britain and isle of man is . 
  take my advice ; never visit the republic . 
  if you say something like that there you 're not going to feel welcome . 
  i am starting to find how determined you are to be uneducated pretty funny but mostly sad . 
  once more with feeling , eh ? 
  calling any part of europe as if it 's part of the present day roman empire is incorrect because this is no longer the case . 
  this is the same for the republic of ireland . 
  if something is called `` the british < * something *  '' you are saying that something is british . 
  the republic of ireland is not british therefore it is not part of the british isles . 
  it is part of the same archipelago , but britain does n't own all of it anymore , so it should not be referred to as if it still does . 
  if you ca n't understand something so simple you 're either very dim , or i have been very successfully trolled . 
  this is hilarious . 
  you think calling norway part of europe is the same as calling ireland part of britain ? 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  i 'll remember this one for a long time . 
  really ? 
  most i met look nothing like slavs . 
  some of them could easily have been mistaken for italian . 
  edit : still look nothing like the gypsies though . 
  their skin is usually darker . 
  uh ... you do realise that the eu is not the same as europe , right ? 
  europe is a continent . 
  the eu is a political and economic union . 
  if texas left the usa it would still be part of the americas . 
   but it 's the most descriptive term we do have how many times must you be told you can use `` britain and ireland '' ? 
   the alternative is calling it the north-atlantic isles once again , you can call it britain and ireland !, 
  it does n't take a genius to understand what land is being referred to here ... seeing as it 's in the name . 
   how many people would understand i meant the british isles if i used that term ? 
  probably nobody i 'll ever meet . 
  just like how many people who use `` the british isles '' do n't understand that something that is n't british can not be part of it . 
  when i hear someone say that i assume that they mean just britain or that they 're uneducated about basic geography in that part of europe . 
  and in response to your edit i once again bring up that `` south '' is not the name of any nationality , country or empire . 
  so calling a place southern europe is not like calling a place the british isles . 
  the republic of ireland is not part of britain . 
  therefore it can not be british . 
  therefore calling it part of a british geographical location is incorrect . 
  why is this so difficult to understand ? 
  do you not understand how changes in territory and borders work at all ? 
  the british isles makes it sound like britain own all that land . 
  they do not . 
  so it is not an adequately descriptive term . 
  the fact that this term is still in use lends to the incorrect assumption that all of ireland is still under british rule . 
  it is sadly not unusual to meet people think being irish means you 're also british . 
  i suppose brexit might help with this . 
  it 's going to separate ireland from britain even more .
