yea , it 's definitely not offensive to anyone to call something that is n't british part of the british isles . 
  i mean we should be honoured to be regularly mistaken to be still under british rule partially because a term like `` the british isles '' serves to fuel that misconception . 
  sure i 'll start referring to england as if it 's still in the roman empire . 
  it clearly does n't matter if that 's no longer the case if people still lump all of ireland with the british isles . 
  maybe i 'll also start telling czech people they 're from czechoslovakia and not the czech republic even if they tell me a hundred different reasons why it 's different now . 
  because in truth politics have absolutely no affect on geographical names , amirite ? 
  and sure it 's more convenient to use outdated terms so we do n't have to bother learning anything new . 
  / s obviously, 
   i find it extremely worrying that people are praising a man that never really denounced his violent past as a hero . 
  we have very mixed feelings about mcguinness in the republic . 
  we 're reluctant to call him a hero but at the same time he ended up being instrumental in achieving peace in northern ireland . 
  he 's a champion of a very romanticised view of the troubles . 
  he was a terrorist , but the fact that he chose a peaceful route when it was presented to him showed that he never lost sight of why he started fighting in the first place . 
  he was a ruthless and dangerous man who remained focused on his goals for peace until death . 
  actually most of us have very little against the british . 
  i myself live in england and love it here . 
  we generally get on very well . 
  but things can get heated very quickly when people deny the centuries of oppression ireland suffered because of britain . 
  the problem is most british people are not taught about it in school . 
  so i suppose it seems unbelievable to them that an enormous part of their history has been purposely swept under the carpet . 
  um i 'm just saying how it is presented in the photo . 
  it 's just a photo of a man . 
  it says nothing about terrorism or peacekeeping . 
  it 's a photo . 
  of a dude . 
  do you want to contest that ? 
  i do n't live in ireland right now so i ca n't tell you if it is the same across all irish newspapers . 
  i only have this to go on . 
  says the person who clearly can not read a simple wikipedia page . 
  jfc where did i say anyone should bomb anyone ? 
  i 'm just saying that when people are pushed too far they will bite back . 
  nice things rarely happen when people are oppressed and abused . 
  you really need to be told this ? 
  i do n't know !, 
  maybe they just did n't do well at terrorist school , like most irish people . 
  ... you 're just willfully ignorant . 
  it 's not difficult to find information on the centuries of oppression ireland went through . 
  maybe he was . 
  we do n't know what life he lead . 
  but he clearly chose a very destructive and inefficient way to deal with his problems . 
  it is thought that he acted alone . 
  i 'm hoping it 's just some guy who went nuts and not something larger and more sinister . 
  it would be very sad if peace finally became a real thing in northern ireland , only for terrorism to regularly take root elsewhere in britain . 
  yes he was . 
  i 'm not denying it . 
  i even said he was part of a terrorist group . 
  not sure why you feel the need to inform me of something i already stated . 
   800 years of oppression , not this alternative fact again . 
  you 're definitely channeling the trump regime here . 
  `` something makes me look bad . 
  lets make it look like it 's untrue ! '', 
  we hate that irish people felt they had to kill innocent people to get their freedom . 
  we hate that they felt they had to threaten other irish people so they could do the work they felt needed to be done . 
  it 's not fucking funny growing up being told not to say certain things about a war in the presence of certain people because it could get the wrong attention from another irish person . 
  it 's not fucking funny when a stash of terrorist weaponry is found in your neighbourhood . 
  many of us in the republic grew up scared of the ira . 
  it 's also not fucking funny when people think that just because you recognise why someone did something extreme and cruel that it must mean you agree with them . 
  we fucking do n't . 
  we just happen to know the history that lead to it . 
  ca n't you see that understanding how terrorism happens is key to preventing it ? 
  but doing that would mean recognising that britain made the ira . 
  that the ira are a direct result of a long history of cruelty and discrimination . 
  it 's an ugly truth which is just too difficult for people like you to face . 
  i have immense sympathy for the attacks in london . 
  i grew up watching the same sort of horror being regularly reported . 
  i know how it fucking feels to have terrorism too close to my home . 
  and i live in england now so i get to go through it again . 
  yay . 
  apparently it 's okay as long as it 's a british person doing it . 
  / s honestly i think it 's because he does n't know what cromwell actually did . 
  most british people are not taught what happened between britain and ireland . 
  likely because it does n't make them look good . 
  that 's true . 
  but many irish people were minding their own business before the british terrorised and killed them . 
  if that did n't happen then the ira would n't have come into existence . 
  i 'm not saying some `` eye for an eye '' bullshit . 
  i just do n't think he realises that the ira was created in reaction to something . 
   but i do sympathize with the syrians and iraqis who are being told that terrorism is a part of their culture , like how people used to think being irish meant you want to put a bomb in every bin you walk past . 
  so many people fail to look at it logically . 
  several millions of muslims live in europe alone . 
  if terrorism was really part of their culture the world would be a very different place . 
  wow if you think it 's as simple as that you have a lot of history to read . 
  britain did a lot of horrible things to the irish long before the ira were around . 
  the ira did n't randomly come into existence . 
  a very long and bloody history preceded that . 
  what a brilliant thing to be hearing today kind of rich coming from a british person . 
  if 800 years of oppression did n't happen we may never have had anything remotely like the ira in ireland . 
  so knowing that terrorism is n't always just some bunch of aimless maniacs and that they sometimes start off as victims , counts as sympathising with them now ? 
  what ? 
  that 's like saying if you know what war is you sympathise with it . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  some terror organisations are a result of words and protests having absolutely zero effect . 
  when nothing else works , people are pushed to the one thing they have n't tried . 
  and if it works they 'll keep doing it . 
  like it or not terrorism gets results . 
  it gets people 's attention . 
  no , i do not support terrorism . 
  please do n't think my flair means i 'm some eire 32 fanatic . 
  i 'm just saying that terrorism rarely happens without reason . 
  like many irish people i got so sick of the fighting long before the end was in sight .
