  thanks , the differences between romance languages are interesting . 
  do you use amatrice in day to day speaking ? 
  because in italian we have that word with the same meaning but for us is really old fashioned and poetic . 
  a ) yes we have antisismich construction laws but only in last 30 y. 
  and valid only for building built after in zones considered at risk . 
  on the other hand we have tax reduction for those who fix their old home . 
  but still a lot of hauses are n't adapt for earthquakes . 
  b ) that building look like is from the fascist era so `` modern '' is a bit relative here . 
  afaik should be the government to request the eu and then the eu would coordinate the aid coming from the various countries that want/can help . 
  however few countries have already offered to send help like germany . 
   we have to cross our fingers that it 's handled as well as friuli 1976 or even emilia 2012 or umbria 1997, 
  120 people so far and is not definitive :( ( ( ... 
  well going there in the summer is probably the worst period of the year . . i had the luck to see it with snow few years ago it was wonderful autobus christmas.that said in summer is hell . 
  just do n't do the beginner error going in summer . 
  i mean is stupid going in a pond with hot climate and turists hordes . 
  and visit the islands : murano burano la giudecca . 
  did you went in the summer , did n't you ? 
  it is a common celebration here as well . 
  you know that is close when florists start to display chrysanthemums ( we only use them for tombs ) . 
  it is the catholic celebration of the deads where people take flowers/pray on their relatives ' graves . 
  2 of november ? 
  as the romans used to say : dura lex sed lex , that said it has been a plaseure speaking with you . 
  reurope tend to be a bit toxic this days . 
  that sure and this kind of reciprocal help appened many times already and saved lives . 
  we should focus more about the the things insead of just the problems . 
  the key imho is not proximity but availability : not many cauntries have that kind of plane for instance sweden , at least at the time , it did not have any . 
  when sweden needed help it came from italy and france : http://www.straitstimes.com/world/europe/france-italy-help-battle-swedens-massive-forest-fire, 
  wich is what we have : b. has always been president of the council of ministers aka prime minister , the role of president of the republic has always bene in the hands of others like ciampi , napolitano but is mostly a cerimonial role . 
  it is the p.m. title that causes the eternal idea that we are a presidential republic while we are in fact a parlimentary one . 
  only on surface : we knew very well that if we did not take part in that idiocy we would gift our oil and gas fields to total on a silver platter . 
  and don ` t belive that covered italo-french confrontation has ever ended they are busy supporting their puppet general haftar against our puppet the head of the governament of national unity . 
  sorry for the late response . 
  as for the system of language teaching imo should be revised throughout the country you are not the only ones that had to endure more literature than grammatic . 
   now combine this with a fear of speaking a language poorly , while it is expected of you to speak it pretty fluently . 
  you kinda just separate from the italian community , stay in your villages , travel to austria etc. 
  and obviously there is always this defiance of `` assimilating '' , while thinking that italians hate us anyway . 
  yeah i know finding the courage to speak an other lenguage is never easy but breaking the wall of silence up there could be critical for the society ( the rise of casa pound in bolzano is a really bed omen just talking obout 1 ex . ) . 
  as for the fear of eximilation i sort of understand it we really have done shit there in the past and i 'm sorry.is the :  while thinking that italians hate us anyway . 
  that i do n't understand . 
  honestly we sometimes envy you , feel guilty obaut you , think that you hate us ... sure sometimes we see you as a bit arrogant but we definitely in general do n't hate you while we often believe that opposite is true . 
  i 'm afraid that we both do n't understand each other very well . 
   so we need to stop this `` siamo in italia '' and `` south tyrol is not italy '' mentality and become an actual community . 
  yep you really should . 
  your unique condition could be a great occasion for your future : you are the point were romance europe and german europe meet !, 
  and sadly i have to say that you all seem to busy to look back to keep give fuel to old grievances and divisions instead of capitalizing what you are . 
  ah this have been a really interesting conversation thanks , have a nice day p.s. 
  if you want to practice your italian you can write to me i would love to have a pen friend and you may find out that your italian is better than what you believe  . 
  how many countries exist where all citizen speak a minority lenguage ? 
  or simply we had to learn how to use the our few energy resources at best to limit expensive imports ? 
  while looking at efficiency you surely can look forward to a prize for amount of condescension per number of words . 
  or they do n't speak in english to you ? 
  every child start english at school at the age of 6 while french is studied only by a few and only from middle school ( spanish and german are way more popular options ) . 
  my guess is that many just wrongfully classified you as the stereotypical s.t. 
  who pretend to do n't speak italian and speaking frankly before meeting at university a large group of s.t. 
  from both sides of the linguistic fence i 'd have probably made the same mistake . 
  after all for an external person is hard to believe that after studying a language at school for more than 10 years while living in a bilingual area you ca n't sill hold a day to day conversation in italian/german . 
  it was honestly shocking for me finding out that there are so many monolingual young people in your province and imho is a really bad sign : the society seem way too separate . 
  i hope i did n't have offended you it was n't my intention at all , i just wanted to be honest . 
   at another points he 's talking about investing in countries in exchange for them withholding immigration , which does n't seem completely stupid ( provided they hold their end of the deal ) so is he stealing the italian proposal ? 
  good sign for us ( no sarcasm ), 
  if you 're interessed here you can find the text : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:jl0053, 
  well , with the americans we usually have deals where they declare that the dead penalty will not be applied and afaik they have kept faith to those so far . 
   this is no more the `` real italy '' than some sheep fucker town in wales is the `` real uk '' . 
  out of curiosity where you aware of thesardinian sheep fucker stereotype or you just came out by chance with the perfect analogy ? 
  you have collected anecdotal information in a small town in one of the poorest regions and tried to pass it as the typical italy and when confronted obout it from locals ( some even from that area ) you started with let me tell you about your country attitude . 
  you can bet you sounded condescending . 
  it 's called having to deal with climate from time to time and it happen rarely . 
  you have a really wierd concept of cultural difference becouse fyi cultural difference never ever included infrastructure . 
  no he really did n't gave a representation a valid representation of italy by any means he just collected anecdotal info ( who turned out mostly false ) but this wo n't mean nothing for you since you 're clearly one of those : i 'm north european let me tell you about your country and therefore i 'm wasting my time talking you . 
  a country were people do n't have water after 9 pm temporally in summer ? 
  is country with a hot climate were sometimes drought happen because we do n't all live in places where it rains every week with great rivers and reserve therefore have limits . 
  the slow internet speed is due to telecom wich was privatised in the 90s and become de facto a monopoly but this is been addressed now with new public lines built where it will be uneconomical to build the infrastructure for privates . 
  a very valid tail he was even contested by someone who lives there ?!, 
  beside sardinia is very complicated place it changes a lot inside itself and is a world on his own in respect with the mainland . 
  so yes i lol at the idea that a tiny town in sardinia is a representation of a country where the majority lives in cities on the mainland where only very rarely drought happens and where bing a shepard is not they most common work . 
  you really believe that a town in rural sardinia can be a rappresentation of my country ? 
  lol just lol . 
   italian women : madonnas who will save their virginity the day they marry an italian man . 
  the xix century finished long ago dude, 
  well , if they want to host vatican city in their country they only have to ask : we 'll immediately send the pope to warsaw with a one way ticket . 
  the prepaid cards are mostly used for e-commerce and while travelling : so if they gat stolen/cloned the damage is limited . 
  in day to day life people use debit/credit cards or cash . 
   that was just a single guy , italy was antisemitic as hell , local population gladly collaborated with nazis proof ? 
  because you know hannah arendt , the us holocaust meseum and even primo levi all tell a different story . 
   did n't mussolini have widespread support back then ? 
  if you are referring the 1924 elections , well , beating / force feeding voters with fish oil hardly count as popular support imo ... beside when the socialist leader giacomo matteotti denunced this abuses in parliment when ended is speech said : '' i finished my speech for you now is time to write my eulogy '' . 
  few days later he was murdered . 
  in conclusion summing up the fact that he the king could stop fascism from appening , how he cowardly abandoned the north in the hands of the germans to run to safety in the allies ' controlled south and how is descendants are basically a circus : it would have been better never lift that exile imho . 
  in italy there are a lot of them on the alps and the appennini, 
  in italy we are one step forward we use the european card for internal health care as well . 
  and we automatically recive the new one trought the mail when the previous is close to expire so no need to request it unless your is lost / stolen . 
   in a state which has over 200 % debt to gdp at present . 
  no is not at 132 % fyi, 
  except migrants are drowning in the med since the early 90s when merkel was an almost unknown easth german politician and renzi idk a university student ( ? ) . 
  the fact that a certain part of the continent refused to recognise that a problem existed for more than 10 years does n't mean that it did n't existed for real . 
   also , wtf italy . 
  read about the abu omar case : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/abu_omar_case, 
  the image of bronze naked trump * shiver * . 
  a globe with on top winged victory . 
  apparently otherwise it will be not ammissible otherwise ...
