  we can send you some vicentini if you need . 
  the one in milan look better imo . 
  they are both beautiful tho . 
  with one key difference the valdostani do n't want to be french and they are way more integrated with the rest of the country than s.t. 
  edit : inverted words, 
  come here i have an offer for you !!!, 
  ** would you like a beautiful piece of the alps ? 
  we only want istria in exchange !, 
  and it comes with a huge set of ski olympic medals !!, 
  this, 
   i hear ~ ~ zadar ~ ~ zara is nice this time of year . 
  fixed thanks , 
  ** warning dark joke ahead ** in a chess game between afghanistan and the us who wins ? 
  afghanistan of course !, 
  it 's hard to win without the towers ... 
  becouse you only see what tourist see and like in rome is rather fictional . 
  for instance i bet you do n't know that venice has a big industrial inland part . 
  what venice need to do is to get rid of cruise crowds which with their ships are literally hurting the foundations of the city and point to higher hand tourism . 
  that would keep the tourist sector alive and well and permit to normal people to return to live there leading to the creation of new service jobs . 
  otherwise people who work in the inland even from the middle/high class will keep living in places like mestre that despite being ugly as fuck is livable something that venice ca n't claim atm . 
  * oh ges\u00f9 * what have i done !, 
  it 's actually becoming an empty city due to tourists . 
  go in the winter , do n't piss outside bathrooms and do n't have sex on the ponte di rialto . 
  and for your own good ** do n't swim in the channels !!!, 
  yes is comments in italy related threads are an annoying constant . 
  well tbf it was funny that time when he tried to teach me my own language and culture ... 
  leave him alone . 
  even if our police saved some puppies from been boiled alive he/she will still be unhappy since that rescue would been done by italians . 
  in the past you had to use an id , the law was relaxed around five years ago and now you can insert your data without showing an id and using as confirmation an email/facebook account or sometimes a cell phone number . 
  but if they catch you lie you risk a felony charge . 
  you need to register for free public wifi here due to an antiterrorism law . 
  be it in library , train , universities , busses , bars ... as a result i have like 3 different wifi apps and more wifi accounts than i can count . 
  luckly there is the possibility to save passwords ... 
  frankly this is a welcome improvement . 
  a treaty who has n't been ratified even if has been signed has the same value of used toilet paper . 
  mmm no . 
  but we can give you our austrian minority if you want  . 
  not the clay tho . 
  it 's not ratified and probably never will . 
  and i have heard that poland is even better . 
  ^ ( please polish friends do n't kill me ! ), 
  i look up a bit and apparently was first introduced in the peninsula by a doctor and botanic from padua called prospero alpino who brought it back to venice around 1570 from a travel in ottoman empire and start prescribing it to its aristocratic patients as a stimulant . 
  at first the `` muslim '' beverage was seen with some suspicion but that was surpassed due to the love of pope clement viii for the beverage . 
  subsequently it became very popular especially in port cities between those who could afford it . 
   i actually do have moka ( so it 's one k after all ) pot . 
  i usually get my coffee from mueller store - plenty of choice - but lately my go to was lavazza crema & gusto . 
  lavazza is pretty good but personally i prefer illy 's 100 % arabica . 
   thing is , i have really small pot . 
  two cups only . 
  and it 's fine if it 's just me and so , but if i 'm having people over ( i often do ) i have to use french press . 
  it 's still freshly ground but taste is never remotely close . 
    seriously looking into investing into some semi-pro espresso machine . 
  in alternative you could by a moka for 4/6 people , 
  coffee become an habit for middle / high classes due to commerce in fact the two centres of our coffee culture are naples and trieste . 
  it become spread in the lower classes with ww1 since distribution of coffee to soldiers was used combat the consume of alcoholic beverages in the trenches and when the war ended the soldiers brought the habit with them . 
  while tea never had a great spread is considered something you might drink on a cold day or when you are sick and that 's about it . 
   i 'd give italians a credit for mokka coffee . 
  absolutely amazing !, 
  when i 'm italy i do n't even get to drink espresso , when there is mokka . 
  why do n't you try to do it at home ? 
   preparing coffee with a moka is easy and at least on the coast is easy to find the right coffee powder in croatia . 
  they have bigger suicidal tendencies than we do ? 
  fun fact : the casino was created during ww1 for espionage . 
  casin\u00f2 : gambling house casino : brothel or mess depending by the context, 
  open the tap and select temperature 2 . 
  sit over it like on a horse facing the tap 3 . 
  pass water in the area that you need to wash 4 . pass the soap for intimate areas 5 . 
  rinse 6 . 
  dry up the area with your personal bidet towel 7 . 
  wash your hands, 
  are you dumb ?!, 
  we are talking about the bloody fucking fosse ardeatine . 
  and please stop changing argument to absolve them for something is not and will never be justifiable . 
  1 . do n't put into my mouth . 
  2 . we have tons of linguistic minorities and they are definitely a richness for our country not a butchery . 
  3 . the fact that they are the only ones who blown up people or massacred them does n't depose well in their favor 4 . 
  it 's a tread about a photo of a lake, 
  you do n't know what the fuck you are talking about do you ? 
  otherwise you have to explain to me how the cold blood massacre of over 300 random selected civilians as a reprisal for a resistance raid made by a resistence group composed by communist fighters qualify as `` fascist fighting fascist '' . 
  you should feel ashemed for your moral lack and frankly you disgust me for what you just said . 
  it is . 
  you ca n't play the victim if you are also a butcher . 
  you gudge people for whit whom they associated with and for their actions . 
  belonging to the ss and shooting innocent civilians like at the fosse ardeatine or blowing them up like their terrorists did make you lose any moral high ground you might have . 
  especially if you consider that all the other minorities who had often resistance groups menaged to avoid all of the above . 
  and those are the guys with the real moral high ground not us and not the s.t. 
  it changes a lot really since while other minorities had resistence none where nazis and none other after the war went up to have terrorist groups mostly composed by nazis . 
  and despite all of that they deny such past and costantly play the guilt card with anyone else which after 70 years and a status for which all the other regions would kill has tired everyone . 
  and if you belive that those nazis where just good guys freedom fighters i will suggest you to google fosse ardeatine . 
  and then try to tell me what moral justification you can find for something like that . 
  [ confused ] the ww2 one ? 
  i do n't get the point of the question sorry . 
  it 's a very subtle way of calling me a fascist ? 
  anyway i deeply respect those who fought in the resistence during the war but i still miss the point of your question . 
  same in italian using tu in contexts were lei should be used ( aka when talking with someone socially superior to you either by age or position ) is very rude . 
  [ wiki link on him ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/giorgio_perlasca ), 
  why ? 
  they both teste good . 
  yes it 's rich the problem is that the state has to take care to way too many monuments so sponsors in the repairs are welcome with open harms . 
  to you as well .
