  do you really think that anybody would support us ? 
  renzi would end up in front of the war crimes tribunal and our economy would sunk under sanctions and libya would become a failed state for good . 
  the only one happy would be the french who would finally get the access they want to libyan oil fields . 
   there are no alternatives . 
  renzi is a hopeless nu-male with no absolutely no long term plans to stop the inflow of refugees do a favor to yourself and google the words : migrants compact and then stop give air to your mouth . 
  and commit 2000 war crimes in the middle ? 
  thanks but no thanks, 
   they 've taken most people of all countries in europe because italy is de facto a failed state . 
  you do n't have the slightest idea of what failed state means , do you ? 
  it 's a long proud tradition that dates back to the 1st republic . 
  mah that m5s or anyone is going to win the next election is far from certain beside there is another important variable : italians traditionally lie to pollers . 
  sorry if i over reacted but the fiat train complaint came out seriously in the past at least a dozen times . 
  and it gets tiring soon . 
  maybe you should start buy stuff adapt to your climate conditions and stop blaming your problems on us every time the word train comes up . 
  just saying ... 
  but trenord does n't run only in lombardy ? 
  plus i 'm usally on one of the stopped trains and usally they recover the delay . 
  [ do n't worry ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_41-bis_prison_regime ), 
  but dismantle the stereotype of italian trains = always late german train = the essence of perfection . 
  you 're not the only one, 
  it is a never ending circle xd ... wait it 's raining outside so * piove governo ladro !, 
  i get some powers ? 
  or at least an evil laughter ? 
  mah read some of the roman satire they had their decent dose of complaint . 
   if you need a regional train you 'd better account for at least 30 minute buffer for any connecting train in your travel , and hope that no one that day wants a 80 kph hug . 
  i take a regional more or less twice a week and i rarely experience delays . 
  at least on the line that i usally take the problem is overcrowding on peak hours and that some trains are old however this last one is slowly improving . 
  i maybe using luckiest regionale of the country but this my experience . 
  i read somewhere that trenitalia does on average less delays a year than db . 
  as for personal experience the only delays that i experienced this year in one case was for a suicide and in the other a guy riding a moto crushed into a truck and his body landed right over the track that passed parallel to the road . 
   yeah but not about ourselves . 
  we complained about austria , the bourbons , the pope or whatever * morte all ' austriaca gallina !, 
  * sorry i could n't resist :p  ... but we are in charge since the unification . 
  scary !, 
  the fact that we are critic ourselves is not negative per se , the problem is that we tend exaggerate and this not only mess with how we percive reality but also it discorage us to act and fix what does n't work * perch\u00e8 non cambier\u00e0 mai nulla * . 
  i bet we complained a lot even before . 
  the closest hospital according to google maps 21 km away so kinda . 
   the first 3 months are relatively hard to detect . 
  you get the first month for free . 
  if you do n't suffer from morning sickness , you could notice by not getting your menstruation . 
  however , you can have some bleeding during pregnancy too . 
  apart from the fact that if you had unprotected sex or a broken condom you will likely run to get the day after pill . 
  but leaving that aside : 3 month means means 2 lost periods , one may appen but with 2 you generally start wonder . 
  if she had a blood loss during that time then i more understanding otherwise she had to be wiser . 
  ok as you say . 
  sure . 
   thanks for pointing that out , even though , to be even more precise , south tyrol is a territory that enjoys a special status , so maybe not exactly the best term of comparison . 
  take veneto then if you prefer . 
   aside all this , the take home message here is that the fragmentation in the administration of public health has brought even more waste of resources , even more misappropriation of public funds , and an even higher disparity in the healthcare of the citizens . 
  i deeply disagree in general leaving the administration of healthcare to the various regions has generally emproved service and cut waste , it on the contrary to others power transfers . 
  sure it worked better in some parts than others but that was n't surprising either . 
   the practice ( or malpractice ) as far as what concerns abortion is just one of the most glaring cases because of how sensitive the matter is . 
  at the root of this issue we find the usual , tiring , ages-old italian problems with non enforcing of the laws , badly written laws , general disorganization , mishandling of public money and scorching ignorance at every level , but mostly on the higher administrative ones . 
  let 's not fool around the problems that caused the situation are none of the above but instead : - the absurd power of cl into hospitals - the fear of politicians to tackle sensitive issues thanks for a good part to political instability, 
   there 's a staggering variety in medical services among regions . 
  getting an abortion is n't much of a problem in the north as it is in the south , for instance . 
  [ however in general is true is not black and white it 's easier to abort in bari than in south tyrol . 
  what a crap of article . 
  i 'm personally against the fenomenon of the conscientious objector but this is the classic anglo trash a few real fact in the middle of a 1000 stereotypes . 
   in a country where the practice is still a cultural and religious taboo , the amount of doctors who refuse to help with abortions is increasing . 
  it 's not a taboo . 
  and c.o. 
  is not increasing for religious reasons but for fear of overworking ( most of those doctors in the private sector would make abort the holy mary ) . 
  the legal loophole is increasingly despised and the request for seriously limit it or abrogate it are growing each year . 
   marine valentino was one woman who sought an abortion out of the country . 
  when she was 21 , she found out she was three and a half months pregnant . 
  she visited several hospitals trying to get help , and says she witnessed the deep problems within the system then -- including an exhausted 70-year-old retired gynecologist who had been called back into service to cope with the demand for abortions . 
  * valentino fell outside the twelve-week limit to get an abortion . 
  * if you fail to realise that you are pregnant for 3 and half months you should ask yourself a question and i say it as a woman . 
  the legal limit of 12 week i would like to add is in line with other countries like [ germany or france ] ( https://www.google.it/search?q=limit+time+for+abortion+in+the+world&amp;prmd=inv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewijiclrlqjqahukccakhqvhdmiq_auibygb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=512#imgrc=wg38artohpavvm%3a ) . 
  and the doctor did n't want her to tell around that she went to spain more likely becouse he recive a some kind of monetary compensation from the clinic wich is kinda illigal than for any kind of fear of moral reprisal . 
  honestly i 'm sorry if she had to suffer from some nuts on facebook but honestly having friends and close relatives who aborted this murica style blaming is frankly know to my years and if true scary . 
   catholic elites are very well represented at the high levels of the national healthcare system , '' explains nafi . 
  he argues that carrying out abortions can have a negative impact on one 's career because of the stigma that is associated with the practice . 
  `` it does n't really have to do with individual moral convictions -- not always , at least -- but with career advancement . '', 
  finally a some truth !, 
  so at least compensate this utter previous bullshit wich surely had to be written in bold :  it has a lot to do with a culture of shame . 
  you sin ; you have to be punished . 
  you fuck ; you have to be punished . 
    implying italians can swim our gold medals proves that we can . 
   in any case , we 'll have a nice pineapple pizza stand near the pool for our italian friends  to prove your lack of taste ? 
  it 's time to seize the means to swim !, 
  you 're not allowed to swim . 
  there is no pool for capitalist pigs !, 
   haha , i was expecting something completely else . 
  [ something like this romantic beauty ? 
  it was freely donated by the artist to the city of milan on condition that had to be placed in front of the stock exchange . 
  mmm i prefer the neoclassical simplicity of [ this ] ( https://www.google.hr/search?q=dito+medio+in+fronte+borsa&amp;client=ms-android-samsung&amp;source=android-browser&amp;prmd=inv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewj61ijlxmxvahwkisakhfyvaleq_auicsgb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=512#imgrc=uytqwxxvym29um: ) . 
  the statue is part of a large park of statues . 
  there are regulations of course but i suppose that this statue and statue park to which it belong is perfectly legitimate . 
  none . 
  it 's just a crazy major with a kink for statues . 
  farmers, 
  pff do you really belive that we would support islamist a few km from our coast ?!, 
  besides we already have an horse in this race and is n't the muslim brotherhood fyi . 
  that said haftar can very well count us in the list of people that want him dead . 
   drag you in to a civil war that 's fairly cold right now but could heat up at any second and keep you occupied for years and costing you billions of euro 's . 
  and exactly how this differs since what has went on since gheddafi fell ? 
  not always . 
  plus you can always use google translate plus pointing the men\u00f9 which is what i do when i ca n't communicate while travelling .
