  we paid reparations to jugoslavia and apologised while j. and it 's successor states kept promising reparations for the persecutions append after the war while at the same time keeping discriminatory law that both in slovenia and croatia lasted until the eu accession . 
  aka old british propaganda, 
  mussolini rised to power with a coup and the nazis literally occupied us in the last part of the war ( sparking a civil war ) . 
  the term is as accurate as it can possibly get . 
  so basically both here and in spain they never learned anything by the faith of their french relatives . 
  here their obscurantist approach is often put in comparison with the savoia approch that went instead for culture , modernisation and constitutional monarchy . 
  and the results showed they ruled the entire peninsula until 1946 and pidmont and aosta valley are two of the richest regions to this day . 
  fear that we do n't rediscover ourselves so much that we reconquer europe !, 
  the thing is when it comes with the b. and southern italy were they actually the innovative ones for a period for istance the built the first railway in the peninsula . 
  but then reacted to the whole french revolution + napoleon thing in the worst possible way they decided that ignorance of the people and strong hand ( aka absolutism ) was the way to go . 
  and after the many revolts they promised repitedly constitutions and changes that they repealed a few months later . 
  we love you more than any of our neighbours so is fair , 
  visto che stai imparando   and happy cake day , mate . 
  let 's say that as some pinch of truth when we become one country the north was industrialising and illiteracy was at 30 percent the south was mostly a series of agricultural estates and sicily had 90 % illiteracy . 
  the reasons are many but the bourbons were one of them . 
  i know many blame , at least partially , on bourbons the delay in development of the south ... 
  they passed through argentinian spanish or directly ? 
  mah you guys had quite a lot influence here especially in the south where they tend to speak in a more `` spanish '' way especially in the use of the pasts . 
  i 'm happy then . 
  do you know that in alghero there are actually few catalan speakers ? 
  but our oil is better :p, 
  like in italian intendere ( mean ) vs tentare ( attempt ), 
  your lenguage is our sister from the easth , 
   next is french , but the accent gives headaches to some romanians . 
  ( note : durere de cap is similar to the way spanish people say dolor de cabeza , since you might know spanish better ) portuguese is an interesting language too , but i have n't heard it enough to have an opinion on how similar ( could have used `` similar\u0103 '' instead of `` apropriat\u0103 '' which maybe would have given you a hint ) it is to romanian . 
  interesting in italian we say mal di testa but the old fashioned mal di capo also existed ah and pain is dolore . 
  also we have appropriato but is more like the english appropriate . 
   well those coastal folks not only use strange words i do n't understand , but they also seem to have only two settings : `` not a single fuck was given that day '' and [ excessively hyped-up . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/azzmgph.png ) and i blame * you * , just so you know !, 
  if you 're so unhappy we will be glad to having istria and dalmazia back :p  ninja edit : happy cake-day !, 
  thanks , 
  nah you do n't have anything we want anymore and going to the other side of the alps means losing the positive consolation that between you ` striaci and us there is a mountain chain . 
  for the romanians ( ? 
  french , ( ? ), 
  accent ( ? ), 
  romanian . 
  are the two foreign lenguages that are ( ? ), 
  at school in romania . 
  the portuguese is an interesting lenguage ( ? ), 
  seem ( ? ), 
  to the romanian lenguage is . 
  the romanian lenguage has a slavic influence due the geographic proximity for this i belive ( ? ), 
  the hight latin language . 
  tbh we will either have a blocked parliament or a weak m5s government ( as things are now ) both bad scenarios . 
   richiedere is a bit harder . 
  it would be equivalente to `` requerir '' , but the change of q to ch lost me , but i have been reading and it is quite interesting . 
  both spanish and italian ended up changing some ` k ' sounds , and the spelling is completely different ( apparently , the ` ch ' in italian is to use the strong k , while in spanish is for the contrary , our ch sounds like your c ( before i and e ) , right ? 
  basically yes plus your standard c does n't exist here ( tuscany excluded ) so i always pronunce as s because i ca n't pronunce it otherwise . 
  eng : i find intriguing how much romance lenguages are similar . 
  during my travel in italy , i [ lisait ] mostly the little italian ( ? ), 
  [ j' \u00e9tait vraiment ] nothing in english . 
  i understood pratically everything , it 's impressive !, 
  personally i think that the lenguage more [ proche ] to french is catalan then italian in second place . 
  [ ensuite ] i will say there is spanish , portuguese and romenian and finally english . 
  a noi , giust ` appresso ( antiquato ma quasi identico ) ai belgi ( valloni ) . 
  voi parlate del [ nourriture ] con la stessa passione dei francesi  culturally i think that italians are the closest ( ? ), 
  to us , at close level to the belgians ( wallonian ) . 
  you speak of [ nourriture ] with the same passion of the french  how i went ? 
  and we use elucidazione as a formal term for clarification xd, 
  better keep some spares they may turn up useful in the future , 
  i believe that it 's at least in part due to the fact that when italy was unificated the lenguage was standardised by some writers like manzoni the if i remember correctly wanted to clear up italian from the spanish influence . 
  interesting in italian precisare means to make something more clear/precise . 
   funny , i instantly recognized `` richiedere '' as `` requiere '' ( to require ) . 
  i think for both languages , being highly literate helps a lot . 
  `` requerir '' may not be the first word a spaniard thinks of when trying to communicate the `` need '' action , but to me it it feels like there 's always a distant , more uncommon word that can wear the shoes of the word , even if it 's not a perfect fit . 
   i was just having a reflection about the fact while we use necessit\u00e0 very frequently we basically never use necessitare since for us it 's has a xix c. vibe but on the other hand for us understand necesitar in spanish it 's super easy . 
   for the next sentence i have issues , i am lost with capivamo and richiede . 
  actually , they are tho only two words i have n't been able to understand in the whole sentence . 
  many words are not the same , but the roots may still be there . 
  for example , parlar became hablar in spanish , but we still have words like parlamento . 
  same with the root frate , where it is still used in many words related to siblings , but not exactly for brother/sister capire = entender richiedere = necesitar pero in italiano est\u00e1n tambi\u00e9n intendere y necessitare . 
  shame to me :(, 
  lo entendiste perfectamente !, 
  it 's all jokes no nationalists here * vicino * , 
  let ' me see , 
  so you guys finally went at peace with the idea that you 're not going to have trieste back ? 
  * good *, 
  it 's tradition !, 
  it 's missing a small circle around lake garda with bavaria 2 written over it . 
  capodistria already makes them happy . 
  remove filthy koper !, 
  so tiny that every football game they do there is a international one , 
  nope they are our petrol station . 
  what is this slovenia you 're talking about ? 
  they are great , beautiful and fun . 
  butthurt so much , little jugoslavia ? 
   cheap dentist - so medical tourism is a thing . 
  huh , the more you know ... free to me though . 
   dental care is the weak point of our nhs since it only covers children , extremely poor and emergencies . 
  so a lot of people get their teeth check in croatia where prices are lower and it 's easy to find a dentist that speaks a good italian  ( our olive oil is still better then yours . ), 
  * sinister grin *  ah ah ah . no . 
   `` we admitted that they exist '' - oh snap , the bants are real !, 
  we are finally considering there is actually a country there and not a parking lot with a petrol station and a casino . 
  ah , and fuck the vignetta !, 
   do italians know anything else about croatia ? 
  - cheap dentists - gib back fiume - good cooking  slovenia - `` rich '' . 
  yes , true that . 
  oh you sweet summer child !, 
  you just triggered the whole slovenia !, 
  :d we admitted that they exist , what they want more ?
