  [ this is a report from our ministry of economic development on italian energy situation in 2016 ] ( http://www.sviluppoeconomico.gov.it/images/stories/documenti/relazione_situazione_energetica_nazionale_2016.pdf ) is in italian tho . 
  gib us a couple of years and we will revive d'annunzio !!!, 
  revise osimo !!!, 
  as for misleading data i will advise you to take the data about religious affiliation with a huge pinch of salt since for instance are counted as christians all those who have been baptised and never unbaptised . 
  there is an agreement from 1861 . 
  and even the french government admit that the map on which the claim is based is fake . 
  i blame both do n't worry . 
  and especially over telecom i blame ours . 
  but frankly i am tired by the lack of respect all our neighbours have for us and for the french predatory tendencies toward us, 
  having your country treated like a bunch of chinese spies is bad , having the french buy everything attached to the walls in your country is worse and having them try to put your country energetic security at risk with their recent moves in libya is even worse . 
  if you have on top even another proof that eu rules are not valid for everyone , you can understand why not just me but my entire country is mad at them . 
  the guy is italian . 
  may i introduce you major paolo nespoli ? 
  plus the astronaut is italian . 
  when i do n't know anything on a topic but i want to give air to my mouth anyway ... 
   you mean french would have something against czech policemen or polish navy vessels helping with the migrant crisis ? 
  the migrant crisis and the recent italian and french acts are just the visual syntom of a proxy war that as being going on between the two countries with as a prize for the winner libyan oil and gas ( which atm we control and we are trying to keep ) . 
  i pretty much doubt you guys want to get involved in this frankly . 
  i appreciate the spirit but : a. i doubt that you will ever side with us against the french b. 
  having the libyan accept this already was huge . 
  we ca n't pull the rope to much since the migrants are just the tip of the iceberg of a way bigger game . 
  and not even the most important . 
  unless it is, 
  which is not nearly enough plus we ca n't pass 2 years without eletricity . 
  i am not sensitive i am bored it comes out all the time and it 's simply idiotic . 
  lol you know how big our arm sector his ? 
  light harted joke a fuck is a boring , bland and stupid joke who has never been fun in the first place . 
  yes pretty much, 
  what do you care dutch boy ? 
  after all we all know what you guys will do in any circumstances : hide . 
  they can and they will if they side with lega and the consequences would be a disaster not just for us . 
  edit : and even if the moderate govern if the french take libya we are going to be more pro russian . 
  the alternative would be an energy crisis . 
   it just so happens that this specific case involves national security , something the eu has little say about . 
  depends from what country you came from, 
  nah the one where half of the commenters were happy of the death of the death of the members of the red army choir was worse . 
  and all those about immigration also . 
  i do n't think i immaginated all the rift between our government and bruxelles on alitalia . 
  thank you very much . 
  i can confirm what he say then . 
  fear of eu rage . 
  it 's to end this those two critical companies should n't have been allowed in foreign hands . 
  it 's time to nationalise telecom and edison . 
   i understand the diplomatical issue with the situation , and italy is obviously free to criticize france 's decision in that regard , but why do you have to make it into some kind of legal scandal in the eu ? 
  it 's a blatant case of state aid something the eu always opposed . 
  with us paria of course . 
  annoy us, 
  more like 20s . 
  we never felt so humiliated since the congress of v. and we all know the result . 
  i do n't belive that italy going again full facist and siding with russia would be the best thing for our continent.which is exactly wath will appen . 
  it 's silent for us as well, 
   all it will take in my ignorant opinion , is the trend in northern and central italy to continue , before there 's an italian exit from the euro . 
  what you want to say exactly ? 
  i do n't get it sorry, 
  they are n't corporate interest are security interests . 
  libya is vital in our energetic security and eni is de iure and de facto an arm of the italian state . 
  since the world still runs thanks to oil yes most of what appens is directly correlated with it . 
  lol, 
  tl ; dr : forget migrant is all energy forget the migrants they are far from the centre of the story . 
  italy historically as no great sources of energy which make us dependent on imports . 
  so after the war we developed this strategy of differencing energy suppliers trough eni which lead us to mantain good relations libya after the plane crush , the ussr , islamic iran . 
  and on the internal side to use our few resources at max . 
  right now the main places from which we import energy are libya ( from which we have basically a monopoly ) , russia and algeria . 
  and on the internal side even whit the huge surge of renovables we are scrapping the bottom of the barrel . 
  with libya out and a probably right wing government next year toward whom you think we are going to turn ? 
  the russians who would love a port in northern med interest they never particularly hide . 
  the long term risk is either a brexited italy with a russian port or a very eurosceptic and pro-russian italy in the eu . 
   do you overreact eachtime one of italian state 's company do n't success to buy a competitor ? 
   competitor lol [ fells from the chair from lughter ] you got 0 idea of the scale of the 2 companies do you ? 
  fincantieri is public as such is belongs to the italian people so : a. 
  yes is an italy vs france thing b. 
  you are accusing us to be chinese spies . 
   as you wrote it , nobody bombs a country for the oil . 
  it is pretty stupid . 
  where have you passed the last 20 years ? 
  in a monastery on top of the himalayas ? 
  ah ah ah ah look up who is the owner of fincantieri and tell us how is not a italy vs france thing . 
  the un itself to begin with ? 
  the mandate was to stop the shelling of civilians period . 
  a mandate which was way more restrictive that what it was used for . 
  frankly if there is someone that should scream against the french getting strong in libya is you former warsaw pact guys . 
  you think we are too much pro-russian right now ? 
  think how it will be when we lose access to libyan resurces . 
  we will work in cooperation with the libyan cost guard to push back their ship on their shore . 
  and is more a way to sustain our guy . 
  in next weeks when you ear italy/france , migrants and libya forget the migrants is all a facade for the real fight : libyan natural resources . 
  let 's quit this bullshit shall we ? 
  what you want are eni oil fields for total . 
  and also that problem with migrants was created by your former president sarkozy idiotic campaign in libya which pretty much transformed the area in a failed state . 
  you have tons of former colonies you can bully why the fuck you have to annoy us in libya ? 
  what is illigal is not having public companies is nationalising private ones . 
  to put their boots on the ground ? 
  yes unfortunately it is . 
  a good counterweight to our military ships in libyan waters . 
  this has zero to do with migrants which at best are facade . 
  no unfortunately i am not, 
  ok i must admit that this is a good comeback, 
  why you do n't go trowing all the salt you have against us where it will be useful like in a salt mine dear ? 
  yes, 
  time will tell .
