  [ source ] ( http://alpenschau.com/2015/08/08/suedtiroler-freiheitskampf-die-feuernacht-video/ ) use google translate . 
  excerpt : franz h\u00f6fler und toni gostner died in prison due to the inflicted torture . 
  the responsible carabinieri not only were not convicted but received a recognition by the state for their patriotic deeds . 
  i will do at home  b. 
  south tyrolean activists have never killed anyone . 
  in fact their manifest made it very clear that they exclusively targeted infrastructure like electricty pylons . 
  [ use google translate as well so you will find out that actually for their eroic deeds died 21 people and 57 were wounded ] ( https://www.google.it/amp/altoadige.gelocal.it/bolzano/cronaca/2011/05/08/news/la-notte-dei-fuochi-quei-quaranta-attentati-che-scossero-bolzano-1.4236377/amp/ ), 
  proof b. 
  and the innocent people that those terrorist have killed or wounded in which should forgive the austrian government for funding and arming their killers ? 
   we sholud just build the new camps near the northern border and `` forget '' to close the doors . 
  that would only justify crucchi 's theatre ... 
  the same that are stopped by common patrolling ? 
  china is kinda bigger than us . 
  and has nukes . 
  just saying . 
  i read it in a mediaset site which is far from pro-pd and on ansa as well . 
  so no i am not misleading anyone . 
  more like 1915, 
  we have been sanctioned and reprimanded repitedly when we tried to look the other way . 
  why should we do the dirty work for other countries ? 
  exactly why we do n't want to create more hatred down there . 
  one word : rome . 
  repercussions, 
  according to our press we will stop sharing with austria intel concerning security if they do n't put an end to this theatre . 
  other retaliation might follow . 
  and most of the recent wawes are christians your point ? 
  our government as declared that less than an hour ago that for know on you wont get a single intel about terrorism from us . 
  and other ritortions will follow and we were able to identify in advance and signal both the berlin attacker and one of the london guys ... 
  you know that economical exchanges between italy and austria go way deeper than turism right ? 
  we just have one of the highest number of asylum request in the world . 
  nothing relevant . 
  after what is reality when it does n't fit in your narrative ? 
   gorizia/nova gorica is an example of how to handle borders . 
   it was even a peaceful oasis during the cold war . 
  it really is , both of us should be proud for it . 
  the father of my mum was actually from the slovenian minority and it makes me a bit sad that nobody in my family speak the language now . 
  it 's lost roots . 
  and i have tons of beautiful memories from childhood about trips in slovenia . 
   i do wish the city was a bit better maintained though . 
  it 's so big and full on really nice buildings , but having a million cars jammed everywhere makes the whole thing look grim and not very pedestrian-friendly , which is a shame . 
  yes it 's hell parking wise . 
  that said the city had quite a rinassence in the last few years do n't you think ? 
  do n't put words in my mouth thank you very much . 
  i do n't blame you for not wanting migrants ( there is easter europe for that ) is the gigantic lack of respect that you guys practised in the last 3 years which i ca n't stand . 
  this was just the last insult . 
  nah to easy ever heard of money cleansing ? 
  but it 's a public belief or a private one also ? 
  our instable political system forces alliances or external supports to have government . 
  i hope they do n't ally but i am not so naive to belive it 's impossible . 
  so the line that has been used over and over again today that this a your internal matter and your internal decision to place the army there is quite weak is n't it ? 
  let 's face it this decision is electoral propaganda for october is really worth to ruin relations which have been improving since the 70s for a couple of points in a poll ? 
  and is not really the first time your politicians use this tactics last year was the mythical wall and they year prior was the fence . 
  we kept calm in the past but this is offensive , will ignite our far right and revive bad mamories . 
  it 's really really stupid . 
  a rich person is not necessarily a good person . 
  and shall we go to look how exactly you guys got rich or shall we pass over it ? 
  they were in discussion about less than a month ago they had to reconsider when the press found out and they faced public backlash . 
  so yes they can be allies . 
  and using the military to fight terror and patrol road and use the police at the border like we do ? 
  really guys this new step at the border will only bring trouble you should reconsider . 
  really . 
    if you are proposing to use the navy to push them back to libya i would like to recall that is an act of war . 
    i do n't think libya is going to storm sicily any time soon we have no interest to fuck up our precarious good relationship with the libyan provisional government or destabilise it even more just to help the rest of europe escape their responsibilities . 
   man this is like watching an italian soap opera , but there 's just one guy going mental and the rest is just wondering why he 's so mad . 
  go to ritaly enter the thread on the topic there and see for yourself if i am the only one outraged   ah and please keep that trash also known as ticinesi on your side of the border.thank you very much . 
    yes , of course we keep them on our side . 
  they are our brothers , great people . 
  they are your brother with all your defects multiplied thenfold . 
  i am not downvoting you and i am not exagerating we really are outraged for this last slap . 
  do n't belive me ? 
  go to / r/italy and google translate the thread there . 
  that said good afternoon . 
  well good food and cheap petrol scure help  . 
  but really we menaged to close border disputes with politeness and without petty political games . 
  i hope that one day all european borders would look like those in gorizia even if considering what appened today i am afraid this future is lost for good :( and you guys really helped us in this migrant crisis in your little . 
  a huge huge hug from the other side of the border , 
  it 's not a failed state either . 
  we had a deal similar with libya but since the french war is not possible option enymore . 
  i do n't give a fuck about how the austrian army is organised or why they are there is a provocation and they should be moved . 
  the are spaghettifressers they do n't deserve respect / s. 
  the pushing started when we began be sanctioned by the eu for pushing people back to libya when it was still an option . 
  and the austrian proposal is to stuff all that people in lampedusa which is n't even possible in this physical universe . 
  ah and please keep that trash also known as ticinesi on your side of the border.thank you very much . 
  sometimes one has to lose patience to gain respect and we have been too kind for too long on this topic . 
   how on earth is protecting your borders against illegal migration `` an open hand slap '' for the neighboring country ( especially when you consider that the citizens of said neighboring country are n't even really affected ) . 
  what the fuck are you even talking ? 
  sending the police was too hard ? 
  instead of the fucking army and armored personel . 
   you know what it is really disrespectful ? 
  lying . 
  the thing that some of your police and state forces have been doing when they decided to just start ignoring unregistered african migrants on their way up north . 
  or putting us in an impossible situation ? 
   austria protecting its border is in no way an act of bullying italy , but i guess you really want it to be one . 
    yes , you 're so `` relevant '' , we 're totally jealous . 
  always more relevant than you fuckers . 
  i do n't have anything against the austrians per s\u00e9 as long they do n't use us for their pathetic petty internal game , they keep their armored troops away from the brennero and they do n't steer up trouble in south tyrol . 
  all things they have been doing in the last year . 
  let 's compare a having as a sea neighbour a failed state with modern land based naighbuors . 
  it 's exactly the same . 
  yes you and austrian also proved right a stereotype of self-righteous hypocritical cunts .
