  you have too much hope in humanity my friend :(, 
  sure ? 
  i always associated it the horn of africa . 
  why am i not surprised that you have relatives here ? 
  well , be immersed definitely helps i guess . 
  ever went here ? 
  interesting thanks !, 
  erm , i admit that aside its nickname `` a giant box of sand '' i do n't know much about somalia . 
  do you realise that you risked certain death ? 
  besides the only thing that alessandra is spreading is annoyance to everyone who happens to listen to her . 
  you 're always going to be our favourite protectorate albania , 
  cheers !, 
  never been there i only visited the south and valencia and barcelona . 
  did it take you long to learn the language ? 
  perche ' ? 
  which part of spain if i can ask ? 
  ok at random : - we put 1/4 of libya 's pop . 
  in prison camps and other graziani 's crap - invaded ethiopia and used gas there cue unuseful sanctions by the society of nations ( that only reinforced m. internally ) - horribly planned north african campaign that forced germany to send afrika korps forgot enything ? 
  then this would not be the internet son . 
  i might be wrong but did n't you guys had a proto-communist movement during the civil war ? 
  later . 
  blowing bridges was done to obstacle movement and dams was a primitive attempt to bio-warfare basically they wanted to provoke an outbreak of malaria . 
  you nailed it !, 
  did you live in spain ? 
  well , it 's true . 
  am i wrong ? 
  some got offended by the name , other think to know italian history better than us and a few fascists with soft skin basically . 
  actually one of the biggest buyers of that shit are actually germans who want to feel trasgressive by buying something illigal back home , followed by british that want to have something to show their superiority when they go back . 
  but feel free to belive what you want friend . 
  eastern front always the balkans depends on how much the teacher want to go deep into it but it 's always seen at least partially especially when it comes to istria and dalmatia . 
  well i am italian and i do n't understand her as well so ... 
  and bombed barcelona, 
  if this tread goes on you are going to need all this year mais production . 
  quoting another post of mine :  we go very in deep with fascism how it rose , it 's policies , and it 's fall . 
  also the holocaust is very well studied and our involvement . 
  and we study mostly for ww2 africa , greece , russia , france . 
  the northern front the uk , scandinavia etc are done fast and the pacific it 's barely touched . 
  this is basically a super summary then there are small differences between teachers but in general is this . 
  i will tell you a secret that trash is mostly buyed by tourists * scch *, 
  and she annoys more italians than any other nationality . 
  her surname gets here enough votes from nostalgics to be elected but she never menaged to do anything because no one want to be associated with her surname . 
  i personally dislike her but i belive she has right to run for office since nobody can choose is ancestors . 
  and you seem to presume that my family had it light . 
  we go very in deep with fascism how it rose , it 's policies , and it 's fall . 
  also the holocaust is very well studied and our involvement . 
  and we study mostly for ww2 africa , greece , russia , france . 
  the northern front the uk , scandinavia etc are done fast and the pacific it 's barely touched . 
  this is basically a super summary then there are small differences between teachers but in general is this . 
  edit : typo, 
  did you already learned to mock the next town and use blasphemies as commas ? 
  many things : a remembrance for the darkest page in our history , the clebration of the end of the civil war and a way to honour those who fight against fascism like one of my grandparents . 
  it 's all of this things at the same time . 
  and half of mine is from the slovenian speaking minority ( including that great uncle ) do n't play that game with me little one you are going to lose . 
  and my great uncle had his mind fucked by some british in africa . 
  do you really want to start a game to let 's find whose family had n't suffered for the war ? 
  open google type march on rome press send, 
  no it 's not at all what this is about and if the 50 explanation in this post have n't made you understand i see no point in trying . 
  the evidence that the vote was falsed have always been weak . 
  and you can tell me a lot of things but not that monarchist nowadays are not seen a rare species of wirdos or that the savoia are looked favorably . 
  yep it was kinda a hobby of theirs blown up bridges and dams , 
  and the free weed let 's not forget that !, 
  and the defeat of the mafia !, 
  and the young had values then !, 
  and he got exiled for not having called marchall law in that occasion and still his family it 's widely disliked . 
  and i am really sorry for that . 
  but for instance my granduncle was buried alive in the sahara desert by some british soldiers . 
  he miraculously survived for 4 days but his mind was gone he suffered of schizophrenia for the rest of his life . 
  but while i think all the worst possible of those who committed this random act of sadism neither i blame what appened to all the brits nor i trow it in their face when i met one . 
  edit : error, 
  and he cleaned up the swamps let 's not forget that part . 
  because force on people the uncomfortable tought that their grandpa 's enemies where not all evil psychos but for the most part conscripts who had grown up in a dictatorship and who were n't happy about be involved in a war as much as their gradpas were . 
  it 's because we never went at peace with our past especially with the civil war period which is still an open wound . 
  do you like living in my region so far ? 
   do n't worry , your turn will come , eventually . 
  i hope that for that we already given frankly  and i hope we all end up in a better situation than before . 
  absolutely, 
  and in sicily i was approched by a grandma that said directly that mussolini era 's was the best period that italy ever had . 
  now letting aside anedotical evidence historically speaking in the south far right parties always had a fertile ground . 
  and if you belive that 's a coincidence . 
  . . edit : word, 
  you should go back to first grade if you have problem reading then . 
  we never hidden our past and we also never made peace with it ( but this is a story for another time ) . 
  i wish you guys luck because you 're going to need it . 
  yeah and i belive it 's a problem putting authoritarian and totalitarian regimes in the same pot leads to the assimilation of way different phenomenons and the risk to make banal and empty both concepts which inmho it 's dangerous . 
  to give one example until eu accession it was impossible to buy real estate for an italian in both slovenia and croatia . 
  in croatia the only way around was to open society with a croatian partner and buy using the society . 
  edit : typo, 
  prego , 
  no italiani litigiosi, 
  they where badly armed and under equipped and yes it was british propaganda that still permane today were you ca n't talk in certain subs about italian military successes even from ww1 without someone taking out that crap . 
  hats of to the british really . 
  we did formally apologise to jugoslavia and paid reparations . 
  same, 
  most of the comments here come from not reading history books actually . 
  there seem to be the idea that mussolini run without opposition wich it 's quite false people were scared in the best case scenario you ended up exiled in some malaria infested island in the worst killed ( even abroad ) . 
  but it 's no coincidence that opposition parties emerged from shadows the second the regime showed craks . 
   it looks that the only totalitarian regime fascist italy was a authoritarian not a totalitarian regime people tend to use the 2 word like they are synonyms but they are n't . 
  mussolini never had the control that stalin or hitler had too competition coming either from the king , the curch and subterranean communist and socialist movements . 
  the south is and always been more conservative and passatist and nostalgic the reason why vendola and the sicilian governor shine so much is because they are the ** exception ** . 
  a. no b. do you even know what that expression means ?
