  it was napoleon that sold all of to ~ ~ a certain chicken ~ ~ ^ austria, 
  ah you mean that small petrol station between italy , austria and croatia ? 
  do n't worry you and the quarnero islands are always welcome , 
  i have one critic op you should have put who ? 
  over slovenia and something like former evil empire over austria xd, 
  gib back fiume , dalmazia and the quarnero islands !, 
  that 's a pity . 
  i really loved a zacinto in school ( english translation [ here ] ( http://strayshot.blogspot.it/2012/03/to-zakynthos-sonnet-by-ugo-foscolo.html?m=1 ) ) it 's incredibly sad but at the same time it just [ sound ] ( https://youtu.be/_yc1aurt_5m ) beautiful . 
  the last stanza is prophetic he really never had the chance to return and he died in poverty in london , to this day is resting place is unknown . 
   the vast majority of the most lauded greek poets , composers , other artists , and scientists of the 19th century came from the ionian islands , with corfu having a [ special place ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ionian_academy ) among them . 
  do you include [ ugo foscolo ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ugo_foscolo ) in that list ? 
  is he known in greece ? 
  here we all study is life and works and is considered a patriot and one of ours greatest 19 c. poets . 
  he was born in zante ( zakyntos ? ), 
  and dedicated one of is greatest poems to the island that he missed terribly . 
   organized crime . 
  ( still envious though )  it 's a mame : biella has been declared our crime capital after a local newspaper made an article about a teenager falling from his bike . 
  well we get the backstabbers and mafia jokes ... 
   preservation of cultural heritage is something pretty new . 
  up until the beginning of the 20th century , or maybe the 50/60s , the idea that that stuff had a value was not widespread . 
  a lot of [ these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuraghe ) were torn down during the centuries , to reuse their stones to make drystone walls . 
  this . 
  a good example of this the difference in the state of conservation of the arena and the colosseum . 
  the first was always in use for all his history ( gladiator dome , theater , stable , brothel , stable again , market place and theater again ) while the second had no use for centuries apart as a source of cheap construction material . 
  boh it was basically ignored, 
  i did but was n't appreciated :(, 
  i have also problems in english with that a bit less ( maybe becouse i started learning it as a child ? ), 
  for instance in thing i put too much stress on the t. 
  it is possible that cesare is his first name tho ( pretty common first name here ) . 
  time will tell, 
  good to know that i can approximate it at s and call it a day . 
  we tend to pronunce c like english k only the florentinians have the c spanish style . 
  if it makes you feel better i almost choke every time i have to pronunce your c :(, 
  and i know a marco tito wich i love anyway while people tend to avoid doble roman names ( thank you mussolini ) single roman names like marco , cesare , mario for men or chiara , giulia , camilla for women are very common . 
  it is not connected to empire stuff but yes like our spanish cusins we tend to have a massive and often unjustified inferiority complex toward anything from outside our borders . 
  love to you cusin, 
  stay away from me satan !, 
  also milan was the capital for some times . 
  ah the roman mosaics in ravenna churches are great if you never seen the last western capital is definitely worth a visit ( and also dante is buried there ) . 
  ok let 's call even the name war you keep up as well as us the glorious roman naming costumes good job cusins, 
  there is much incorrect stuff here . 
   no not false . 
  their remains are language and deriviates of their systems thereis no big roman bond between all countries that were in this empire what i mean is culture links like east and west germany had . 
  they wanted to be back together i dont see spain trying to join italy let 's compare two countries that have been separated for a few decades to people separated for hundreds of years brilliant reasoning . 
  btw no connection between latin cauntries at all you think ? 
  to give you 2 example we populary call the french our cusins or the romenians that consider us their cusin . 
  and no the romans did n't left us only laws and infrastructures their traditions are still part of ours from what we wear at new year eve to what trees we plant in cemeteries passing to some of the holidays we do or the orientation of our churches . 
   italy was a mess of states that united relatively late under crime and coruption and were swiftly taken over by a superiority complex with roman heritage and mussolini [ facepalm so hard that almost hurt herself ] there is so much wrong in here that i do n't know where to start apart suggesting you to buy an history book you clearly need it . 
   today its less of a mess but still in some trouble if you look closely i did not say italy is a mess , i said it was you said in the last 200 years is not my interpretation is the meaning of the sentence . 
   i see that italian public education still has the fascist narrative of italy being the successor of rome going strong , huh ? 
  we still name some of our boys cesare , tito or augusto . 
  can you out do us romania ? 
  could you not stay on your side of the reno ? 
  you now it was so fun before that one collective vacation of yours ; (, 
  mussolini took it to extreme but it existed well before , during the unification period we were n't so stubborn in wanting rome as capital out of nowhere , even if the city was basically a town at the time . 
  edit : missing word, 
  indeed and are mostly albenians and bosnian wich have integrated well btw . 
  around 1500 years ago for the western side and even less for the eastern side . 
  yes , i know i 'm pedantic, 
   also that is so long ago that nothing ( culturally speaking ) of it remains . 
  false  if we look at the last 200 years italy was a big mess you mean a cauntry that went from being confused mess of satellite states plagued by illiteracy and illness like cholera and malaria to one of the richest countries in the world ? 
  a mess right . 
  you germans are you ever going to get over that misguided sense of superiority ? 
  nope for what i know he was conscripted after caporetto/kobarid . 
   that was a total bloodbath . 
  yes it was , thanks to that good-to-nothing of cadorna . 
  to late neighbours the triestini already warned us about the bora . 
  your game is up !, 
  wich would be incorrect imo italy at most can be seen as the successor state of the kingdom of sardinia . 
   yeah , there should be more cooperation between us , given that we 're the 3rd and 4th largest economies in the eurozone . 
  but i get the impression that our governments are content with playing second fiddle to the interests of germoney and france . 
  i think the idea is taking a bit of solidity recently however let 's just hope that now that the well know personal antipathy between rajoy and renzi is not a problem eny more we will cooperate more . 
   your spanish is pretty good n _ ~ thanks , 
  absolutely the young are very similar all over and as for my country i belive that in the next years is going to become vay more close in social issues to you we are going slowly maybe but the direction is that . 
   there are exceptions , of course , but most of the population are ok with people minding its own businesses . 
  it 's what appeared and it 's appening here however more slowly especially with the young , between young spanish and italian the difference imo is minimal . 
  on the other hand it will be hard to fix the problems being to blindfolded to notice them . 
  the ideal would be some sort of half way ... 
   as i believe is the case in italy , spaniards love to throw shit on themselves , so the usual comparison is with germany/sweden , and always in the things in which germany/sweden is clearly superior . 
  and in this we are absolutely the same belive me . 
  yes but at least in my impression that helped them to have an abrupt divorce while for a series of long complicated reasons we ca n't . 
  that said the curch has definitely lost and keep losing power here . 
   i agree though -- apples and oranges . 
  and the spanish media likes to fuel that dick-measuring contest . 
  it 's kind of embarrassing . 
  i 'll give you the more progressive socially for the others i 've my ( huge ) dubts . 
  the difference imho is in part due again to average age and in part to different historical relationship with the curch and especially the ptsd that our political class still have from the period of the the [ questione romana ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_question ) . 
  the latter leads them to be more conservative that the general population wich is why for insance it took ages to introduce civil unions even if the population was mostly in favor or why we still do n't manage to legalise pot for recreational use even if 73 % of pop . 
  is in favor . 
   i guess for italian nationalists any talk about the reality of the decadence of their country it 's nationalism . 
  a. i 'm not a nationalist by far b. 
  you know right that italian favourite pass time is discuss about what does n't work here ? 
  c. before calling anyone that disagree with you a nationalist maybe you should consider to get out of that trench and maybe consider that neither this article nor your opinion are the word of god and maybe that if someone propose other arguments maybe is not due to blindfolded nationalism . 
  dear is even in the article spanish public debt skyrocketed in the last few years more public investment means more money in the ands of consumers which means raising economy wich is what we would have done if our debt was n't already to high to do that . 
  second , older population means less active population and again you can see the everage age difference right in that article . 
  ah and since you like talking about nationalism shall we talk the last few lines of that article that were n't nationalist and condescending at all / s edit : btw nice the graphs that do n't start from 0, 
  average age ? 
   it would be hard to hate you back , cause love . 
  send sacher please, 
  i know that a classific based half on perception and half over errors like confusing neighbouring cauntries is trash .
