  and i say this as a yes voter , mind it . 
  ansa.it i guess would be the better option for you . 
  anyway results would not start going out before midnight at least . 
  schools, 
  wich we all know it 's a real authority about what goes on here , 
  well there are in circulation illigal polls masked as predictions over conclaves or care races however polling agency ca n't pubblish them directly or declare publicly that they belong to them . 
  it 's illigal to publish polls in the last two weeks before an election . 
  glad you loved visiting my cauntry . 
  come back to some other place next there is much more to see than just roma and firenze . 
  as / u/haxalby as said a second foreign lenguage is compulsory in middle and high school since more than 10 y. 
  and some elementary school are experimenting triliguism right now . 
  while latin is not mandatory anymore in many scientific h.s. 
  drinking way less and speed cameras everywhere are the secret . 
   i 'm fine with both rich tho that 's the plan , my friend !, 
  it wasone of my iphotheis as well the other was the lack of experience in driving in montain roads . 
  no way is time to best ourselves and defeat stereotypes . 
   it was a 180 degrees turn 2 lane road , i drove about 90 or so , and the one on the other lane too , the third one overtook the one approaching me , i only saw him in the corner so i did what i could and went for the guard rail only nearly missing it , and he passed in the middle of us . 
  it was all very close , and we were extremely lucky that i and the one approaching me reacted appropriately . 
   he likely drove 110 or something , i would n't have survived that probably . 
  that 's scary and wierd i 'm sorry for what appened  i do n't drive slow or anything , i like to drive fast , but tend to mind the speed limit as fines in the netherlands are outrageous ( driving 100 where 80 is allowed will set you back 250 euro 's , so you 're not going to do that for fun ) they are very high here as well if fact since when they started to put cameras every where the number of dead plummeted . 
   so exceeding the speed limit is n't very comfortable , it 's our pavlovian response to law and order . 
  do n't over speed is one thing driving at 45/50 km/h in 80 km/h is another which is what causes the stereotype and frankly having ended up a few time bihind duch turists on road i get where it came from : only from bavarian pensioners on lake garda i heve seen worse . 
  and you found out that stereotypes are often false : congratulations now you 're 12 y.o. 
  since your are duch i going suppose that he wanted to get away from you : a frequent complain that i hear from people that i know who lives on the alps is that ending behind one of you is a form of torture either you drive slightly slower than a sleepy snail or worst brake in the worst possible places . 
  and yet we die less on roads ... 
  nah let 's try to surpass the * mangiarane * instead !, 
  we are still behind the french tho :(, 
  good for you i guess ... 
  stop feeding him, 
  he is more dead than alive ... but anyway if you want him just send the adress shipping is on us * . 
  ^ ^ ^ * no ^ ^ ^ return ^ ^ ^ allowed, 
   prosecci good try but prosecco is uncountable , 
  well who does n't like cevapcici ? 
  i agree, 
  well an army that disregard the protection of a border imo does n't deserve that title . 
  even better !, 
  a really ? 
  why then the international court of justice has declared that the families of the victims who were kicked out from duch base right in the hand of their killers con sue the netherlands ? 
  while they ^ maybe innocent from failing to protect those escaped to the woods they still failed to protect at least 300 people who entrusted them with their life who were in their damned base . 
  truth is painful eh ? 
  ** #makethegrandearm\u00e9egreatagain ** ? 
  i think that [ enhanced cooperation ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/enhanced_cooperation ) could be te way . 
  i was n't talking about that i was referring to srebrenica . 
   polish technology ? 
  irish technology ? 
  is one of those more amusing ? 
  no is not more amusing , it a remains stupid joke . 
   although to be honest , i think northern europe is terrified most of having greeks and italians in the army . 
  ja becouse we all know the recent grandeur of your army instead : between hiding beyond open dams and letting ethnic cleansing appen right in front of your eyes and doing nothing , your are not in the right position to judge others . 
  you know talking of stereotypes you 're working very hard to prove a few old ones about the dutch . 
  i think so but what i meant is that greeks are more worried ^ probably by a turkish attack than a russian one . 
  i know but being old does n't make it more fun just more banal . 
  russia but also the med . 
  for instance we are worried much more about libya and north africa in general than russia and i bet the greeks are more worried about turkey . 
  i can understand protecting a child after all if she has other two children in foster care down here there must be a reason but subjecting a woman to a cesarean without here knowledge let alone her consent it 's just barbaric . 
   we 'll get one with dutch food , italian technology do you have any evidence than modern italian military technology is bad or are you doing the usual play on stereotypes which stopped being funny long time ago ? 
  this story made me think about [ this ] ( https://www.google.it/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/society/2013/dec/03/italian-woman-forced-caesarean-wants-baby-back-essex-county-council ) case . 
  the hre at the time was more fiction than reality . 
  depends on the places piemonte is underated turistically for instance . 
  german and slavic refugees destroyed our glorious empire ;(, 
   good old silvio perhaps ? 
  oh god no . 
  besides he has been be elected since now he has been convicted . 
  plus he is pretty much dead both politically and ( considering is health problems ) physically . 
   yes , but why risk changing the constitution anyway ? 
  from what i understand it limits the power of the senate . 
  is this really that important for italy ? 
  the reasons imho : a. government instability : renzi government at the present moment is one the five longest lasting italian republican governments . 
  perfect bicameralism : every law has to be approved by both chambers in a identical form if one of the modify even a comma the law as to be approved again by the other and so on . 
  for this right now a huge part of the legislation is passed through emergency decrees and confidence votes . 
  and his also the reason why we are really slow in introducing e. u. directives . 
   i saw that renzi even promised to quit if the referendum fails . 
  why risk cutting his mandate short ? 
  the next parliamentary election seems to be a few years away . 
  he basically shot himself in the foot.becouse he wanted sort of repair the fact that many consider him unfit since he never win an election he got his place like mrs may in the uk which is perfectly legal but many do n't like it . 
  and at the time he was way ahead in the pols so he thought that was an risk free gamble but this way he gave his opponents a common cause . 
  if he made the challenge on the contents of the reform i think the polls will be different . 
  anyway we will see the night between 4 and 5 december since the polls are often dismantled by reality here . 
  oh god xd one sec . 
  and i fix it, 
  he did n't have much choice . 
  to change the constitution without a referendum you need a 2/3 majority vote from the 2 chambers . 
  someone that came from a country whose former president has destroyed libya for hiding that he recived a bribe should refrain from stupid jokes . 
  it 's everywhere in [ europe ] ( http://themobmuseum.org/blog/organized-crime-in-europe-a-country-by-country-breakdown/ ) and who belive otherwise it 's just fooling himself . 
  do you think that commission would really exist if o.c. 
  really had everyone in his pocket like here people love to belive ? 
  or finally we have a corruption study not based on perception . 
   how come france is currently waging war in mali its former colony ? 
  but italy ca n't ? 
  chances of hollande appearing in front of war crimes tribunal are zero . 
  france did n't lost ww2 , we did . 
  france does n't have any clause in is constitution that forbids offensive war , we do . 
  and as far i know france as not committed war crimes in mali while doing what we did in libya before ww2 would involve tons of war crimes . 
   since when is that renzi 's personal masterwork ? 
  since ever  and - here comes the principal difference - our plans have been already been realized , and despite the constant `` walls do n't work '' mantra they have indeed dramatically reduced the influx of migrants as promised . 
  ja , building a fence , a really creative and innovative plan on your government side after all who more than someone who has grown up behind one know how good they are to entrap people ? 
  with one key difference : the soviet one actually worked while yours was cut a dozen time every night until the turkey agreement was signed wich is what really closed the balkan route . 
  now i could go on explaining to you that you ca n't fence the med or that a turkey style agreement with libya is out of the question right now but i do n't want to mess to perfect vision of the world so good night sir . 
  are you really that demented ?!, 
  a former bloody colonial power invade and devast former colony ?
