  til my great grandfather never existed and my family lied me for years about its existence and the one of his peers . 
  they even falsified is letters and photographs from the war . 
  conspiratory bastards !, 
  now that you encovered this great lie con you please explain to me how exactly am i here if he never exsited ? 
  are you implying something about my great grandma ? 
  debatable, 
  the ussr has born again while i was n't looking ? 
  or we will side with best korea in this ww for you ? 
  it 's very good on everage but some regions are ecxeptional other way less so . 
  and was much more politically smart , never incentivated violence against minorities and his opponents . 
  and i always hated mr b. . 
  or mestre, 
  and you do n't have an idea of how much it saddens me ... the reality is that even with unemployment going down the holes are filled by +40 y.o. 
  people and it 's something we are going to pay . 
  you 're welcome, 
  [ italian residents in germany and uk by year ] ( https://imgur.com/gallery/bsba8 ) [ source ] ( https://cambiailmondo.org/2016/04/13/la-nuova-emigrazione-italiana-e-tre-volte-superiore-ai-dati-istat-e-supera-il-numero-di-immigrati-economici-e-profughi/ ) sorry for the italian link, 
  wich is way less than germany and is on the entire year . 
  now they mostly go to germany if you move abroad you want stability not caos . 
  you 're too optimistic, 
  also male in italian means evil so ... 
   now we need germans and italians at each others throats and the cycle is complete . 
  for that you just need to organise an italy-germany soccer game . 
  he did n't had much choice the constitutional referendum was mandatory his mistake was n't the referendum but making himself the center of the referendum . 
  last time i checked we had a defensive alliance with the austrians . 
  plus our dear neighbour had comteplated attacking us a few years prior . 
  out of curiosity , do you have a link ? 
  good for you i guess still does n't make my points less valid . 
   no , we conquered you . 
  remind me where your navy is again ? 
  in ports and sea.ww2 ended 70 years ago dear friend and right now we have more aircraft carriers than you dear and you english should really learn 2 things : a. 
  that constantly living in the past make you ridiculous b. 
  that the fault of others does n't forgive your bulshit, 
  so acting exactly like uk mp ? 
   the artist in the picture is claudio baglioni and i do n't understand how he can be the most successful singer me too i always thought someone like vasco or ligabue was the most successful, 
  what metter about a un resolution that if does n't every intervention in libya on our side becomes illigal but internationally and internally . 
  sorry it is just a bit annoying when every time italy comes up he ( mr b. ), 
  comes up as well . 
  no it is not it does n't even remotely look like him and the joke is n't funny at all, 
  there was un security council paper at the time allowing that mess at the time and surprise 1 of the 4 cases that allow us to participate a war is exactly that . 
  a war we only participated pro forma btw . 
  venice is much more than the turist trap that people tend only to see : has a big commercial port and inland venice ( the bigger part ) is pretty industrial . 
  true but at least you could stop try to distebilize the provisional government . 
  then let 's face you french had two goals in libya and both failed : a ) obtain for total eni oil and gas fields b ) kill geddafi and is private council to cover those founds that sarkozy got from g. any still has it 's field and pump out as much as before the war and one member of the council is still alive . 
  well is a question of habit and also during summer or if you are a girl during period is really godsend . 
  sit on it horseback style facing the faucet with the part you wish to clean ( check the water temperature before !, 
  ) , then when you are wet there pass soap , rinse , then dry yourself with the bidet towel . 
  bad, 
  toilet paper leave you unclean and wet wipes are good for newborns and/or camping . 
  italian toilet routine : a.use the toilet b. 
  use toilet paper c.bidet d. bidet towel e. wash your hands, 
  yes we have towels for dry ourself after using a bidet : https://www.google.it/search?q=asciugamano+bidet&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=512&amp;prmd=sivn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiyzdumoolpahxjd8akhst0bs8q_auiccgc#imgrc=dxmjab3ihoxuxm%3a, 
  towels ? 
  towels is the answer my friend, 
  i do n't say that undeclared suicides do n't exist they definitely exist what i contest is the old belief that in catholic cauntries suicides are brushed constantly under the carpet . 
  and also this bump against the high polish number ( and poland is probably the most catholic cauntry in erurope ) to enlight just one of the many evident discrepancies with this notion . 
  and definitely would not explain greece result that last time i checked was still orthodox . 
  jep it is a sad common fact that often people would stuck their head in the sand for enternity before even try to challenge their stereotypes . 
  3 words : poland , ireland and croatia, 
  oh god not this crap again ... what 's next catholics do n't kill themselves ? 
  probably but many people wo n't dare too afraid too lose time and money . 
  we really need a reform of the justice system but right now the climate is too poisonous for that . 
  that said i 'm happy that thanks to digital resignation letter this trick is materially impossible . 
   if italian courts do n't look deeper when a contract is contested , something is seriously wrong . 
  oh they do go deep a bit to much maybe the problem is that civil litigation trials last on average 10 years so unless you have a clear open and close case or you can find some sort of deal people do n't sue . 
  it was n't really paperwork but blanck a4 paper ready to become a resignation letter in case of `` need '' . the only way to fix the problem was introducing electronic resignation letters wich ca n't be postdated like it was done recently . 
  it was the perfect loophole if you do n't sign is just a blank page if you sign the signature is yours and winning the case becomes really hard to win . 
  they used to gave you an blanck a4 paper and until this year when resignation letters become digital that paper becomed `` magically '' your resignation letter if you got pregnant and since the signature was yours good luck arguing in court . 
  it was the perfect loop hole really . 
  the strange thing is that we stopped talking about it days ago when they cancelled the campaign , but the foreign press keep talking about it . 
  1 case on hundreds of buildings ? 
  sure our hauses are all built from the mafia sure !, 
  does make me happy hell no !, 
  i 'm furious about it !, 
  and i want that those fuckers pay for this !, 
  but 1 case does n't justify a broad and distasteful statement wich more than satire is just narcisism . 
  the vast majority of those building were n't earthquake proof and where build centuries before even the concept of mafia was born . 
  and in the only town where most where indeed a.p. 
  no one died . 
  if they wanted to make good satire they could blame unpreparation and if would have worked or lack of foresight of house owners that did n't fixed old homes . 
  but first they decided joke on dead people and stereotypes then just on stereotypes wich is perfectly in their rights but it does n't make it more classy . 
  now let me close with a question after taking out pasta and mafia what other banal stereotype are they going to pull out ? 
  of curse the good all powerful xiv c. mafia ... 
  it 's just our nickname for you . 
  but i admit your interpretation is better xd . 
   i see . 
  we were friends in 1860 :( ( not for a long time tho ! ), 
  you 're family for us  . 
  you are the cusin we like most of the time ( with the occasional family fight ) but with won at the same time we feel in a sort of a race . 
  makes sense ? 
  we do n't hate you we have a feeling a rivalry toward you that 's all dear cusins from outside the alps . 
  more deep rooted it 's feeling of rivalry france is the big cusin that we want to surpass . 
  while with germany it 's really just soccer . 
  only spain ( with a 19 % unemployment rate ) and maybe maybe portugal : ireland as recovered tanks to tax avasion , cyprus thanks to russian mafia money in its banks , my cauntry risks 10 years of stagnation , greece is on the brink of collapse every six months or so . 
  where do you see a successful recovery exactly ? 
  few points : 1 ) the m5s mayors performance in turin and rome as been far from good to use an euphemism 2 ) the earthquake if he handle it well can help renzi 3 ) as someone else already pointed out polls in italy have little value in general and especially so far from the election in synthesis the road is long to 2018 and even if renzi wins the referendum the victory of the national election for the 5 star movement is really far from certain . 
  from the story of your friend the only thing that she seemed to have in her hands was was small town gossip . and you do n't know why the police asked her to stop they may have been investigating for what you know . 
  how you can donate to the italian red cross : http://www.cri.it/flex/cm/pages/serveblob.php/l/it/idpagina/31392 and thanks , 
  stone buildings were the normality everywhere in i. 
  before ww2 . 
  159 now,
