  * 33 people from trento were coming down from trento all 33 trotting . 
  look at it 's post history just look at it . 
  do n't says this kind of thing or someone from northern europe will take you seriously, 
   italy : they do n't even know that we exist because they ca n't see what 's beyond the alps . 
  sure that we know that you exit . 
  you 're the guys who oppressed our ancestors !, 
  actually our smith is ferrari ( in the literal sense ) , 
  as you say dear . 
  dalmatia fiume and zara was given away by the kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes 1920 ( rapallo treaty ) when nazi germany did n't even exist and would not for a while . 
  one was according to international law legal at the time the other was n't . 
  chicken and egg i know . 
  what signed the passage of istria and dalmatia from the defunct a.h. to italy ? 
  what pact was the prelude of the invasion of poland ? 
  let 's compare the treaty of versailles with the pact molotov ribbentrop . 
  you have just killed a few historians with your comment . 
   you guys never got punished for your crimes and never repented for your past . 
  most lying about it and switching sides does n't change that !, 
  knowledge of history 0/10 propaganda 10/10, 
  do n't forget svevo . 
  me too . 
  bring a bottle and let 's find an agreement at the bottom of the glass ... 
  did i ever denied that we where the first to fuck up ? 
  please show me a quote . 
  but no metter who started first . 
  ** systematic persecution of civilians for their native lenguage is wrong . 
  always . 
  ** this is the moral of the story . 
  no matter who , what or why . period . 
    how could one be so foolish to compare the indiscriminate masacres of italian speakers down in carsic wells , the forced exiles , the imprisonment in `` resorts '' like goli otock , the forced slavification wich included `` mild '' acts like the closure of italian schools to persecution if daring of speaking italian out of home . 
   we are in the classic balkan situation . 
  we are the bosniak and you are the serbs . 
  so justifying one cultural cleansing with another yes is really balkanic indeed . 
    how could one be so foolish to compare the indiscriminate masacres of italian speakers down in carsic wells  source ? 
  [ here ya go ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/foibe_massacres )   the imprisonment in `` resorts '' like goli otock  aha the place where :7235 srbov , 3341 \u010crnogorcev , 2586 hrvatov , 882 makedoncev in 555 slovencev died ? 
  how many italians ? 
  way less sure but did i ever claimed that they were the only inmates ? 
    the forced slavification wich included `` mild '' acts like the closure of italian schools to persecution if daring of speaking italian out of home . 
   you are a liar !, 
    starting from 1922 , fascism came to power in italy . 
  the fascist policies included strong nationalistic policies . 
  minorities rights were severely reduced . 
  this included the shutting down of educational facilities in slavic languages , forced italianization of citizen 's names , and the brutal persecution of protests to such a situation . 
  in zadar , many croats left due to these oppressive policies of the fascist government . 
  similar oppression can not be said to have taken place in yugoslav dalmatia with the remaining dalmatian italians , as no form of forced slavification took place . 
  in fact italian minorities living in yugoslavia had some degree of protection , according to the rapallo treaty ( such as italian citizenship and primary instruction ) . 
  all this increased the intense resentment between the two ethnic groups . 
  where in 19th century there was conflict only in the upper classes , there was now an increasing mutual hatred present in varying degrees among the entire population . 
  the rapallo treaty is from 1922 i am talking about the period between the and of the war end the treaty of osimo of 1975 who also beside setting the border also included a set of protection of the few italian speakers remaining ending an era of persecution and forced exiles and closing two major points of tension . 
  we do n't hate you i am sorry if the opposite is true . 
  but what i want to point out that blaming one side and forgiving the sins of the other is wrong . 
  no metter who does that . 
  2 wrongs do n't make a right . 
    even excluding italian citizens residing in town italian speakers where still twice than slovinian speaker . 
   that would be incorrect . 
  inner city war around 95 thousends italian speakers . 
  118.959 italian speakers + 56.916 italian citizens 56.916 slovenian speakers actually   well one it could argue that the main difference ( and maybe only ) that the two groups had , having been leaving together since the night of times , was the lenguage they spoke natively . 
  is the main difference between austrians and germans the language they speak ? 
  who have n't leaved , hitler excluded , under the same state since when ? 
   or scottish and english ? 
  the scottish where conquered . 
  a fairer comparison of pre ww1 istria & dalmatia would be switzerland many languages sharing the same sky since ages in peace . 
  no problem , 
   you cant compare . 
  you were killing slovenians in camps and forced italization on them , slovenian could not be spoken , you looked on them like dogs . 
  the english diplomat compared it to how black were treated in america !, 
  how could one be so foolish to compare the indiscriminate masacres of italian speakers down in carsic wells , the forced exiles , the imprisonment in `` resorts '' like goli otock , the forced slavification wich included `` mild '' acts like the closure of italian schools to persecution if daring of speaking italian out of home . 
  ** who could be so foolish to see a comparable scheme !, 
  ** / s  not able to buy real estate seem like a fairly tale . 
  except is true but at least in croatia there was ways to work around it . 
  how do i know ? 
  my family bought a small flat in the quarner islands just after the proibition ended . 
   i mean speaking italian doesnt mean you are italian . 
  most jewish people in trieste spoke italian . 
  they are counted under italians . 
  well one it could argue that the main difference ( and maybe only ) that the two groups had , having been leaving together since the night of times , was the lenguage they spoke natively . 
   in the city most people spoke italian even foreigners . 
  even excluding italian citizens residing in town italian speakers where still twice than slovinian speaker . 
   while suburbs and villages were all very much slovene . 
  cost with i.s. 
  majority and inside with mostly slovene and/or croats speaker was the standard of istria & dalmatia , intermixing was strong . 
  wich is why that poison that nationalism is struck so hard , wich is why we should remember the mess that appened in the area in 20th century to avoid repiting it and not for doing inter border pissing contests about who suffered more and who got screwed harder with the border division . 
   there were around 17 % foreigner 50 % it . 
  + 16 % italian citizens 24 % slovenians 5 % austrians 1.6 % hungarians 1 % serbo-croatians 0.3 % other * just to precise * , 
  i know he said that if it was n't for the expulsion who reversed a lot of italian speakers in tawn thanks to the huge number of serbs and croats trieste will be theirs . 
  there i showed him that this supposedly huge number does n't find match in the historical reality . 
  according to the austrian census there were more hungarian speakers ( 1.6 % ) than serbo-croatians ( 1 % ) in trieste before ww1 actually . 
  one day you guys will admit that you 're secretly happy that we make you lose that war ... or were you talking about the 2006 world cup ? 
  next time you go to trieste along the vay stop on the small town of basovizza / bazovica or take time to learn what appened in trieste during the days of titoist occupation or what appened to the italian minority in istria after the war . 
  hell the fact that until the eu accession it was impossible ( de iure ) for an italian to buy real estate in crotia and slovenia for the fear of the fact that a bunch of elders might buy back his family home is ... insane . 
  does this forgive fascist crimes ? 
  hell no and that entire period of shame is something for wich we paid , we are paying and we will pay for long . 
  but does the fascists crimes forgive the yugo ones ? 
  no it does n't , 2 wrong do n't make a right and you guys were no angel . 
  if we really want to move on its time to look history right into its eyes , both of us . 
   he basically issued a law that said that good christians were n't authorized to talk about italian politics . 
  yep one of the reasons why we experienced `` wonders '' like ww1 and fascism . 
   edit : i guess she was 5 + months pregnant . 
  that 's probably it . 
  because what he said his correct . 
   pope was not supportive that 's the euphemism of the century .
