  i do n't give a fuck about if the migrants pass or not is the massive lack of respect that this gesture entail it 's a fucking open hand slap . 
  and it is a pathetic act of bullying by a country which as the same relevance in this word of saint marino . 
  if you are proposing to use the navy to push them back to libya i would like to recall that is an act of war . 
  concept that considering your government recent moves they also need to refresh . 
  what 's too complicated in the concept of sea border ? 
  keep doing cooperated patrolling like in the past , stop doing petty political posturing on our ass too hard ? 
  what strategy you suggest o wise one ? 
  naturally has to respect international law and be actuable . 
  it 's an obvious political stunt like last year wall that nobody as yet seen . 
  and the brennero as a huge simbolism here our government has to react if they want a vote next year . 
  the austrians have pissed out of the bowl . 
  they want to return to realist foreign policy ? 
  fine and we can do the same : economic discrimination to their companies , heavy patrolling on their cars , expulsion of diplomatic personal ... 
  they know perfectly well that the area is a sore point in the relations and yet continous threats in the last years , electoral propaganda about re-annexing south tyrol ... we are bigger than them and frankly we had enough to be the target of their electoral campaigns . 
   austria obviously felt it 's necessary to take that step , otherwise they would n't have went with that option . 
  schengen does n't work if the outer borders of the eu are n't secure . 
  and so have to be prepared to pay the price for their pathetic and insulting political stunt . 
   spain managed , but probably easier for us since we have agreements with morocco to return them . 
  we had deals with libya until the french decided to transform it in a failed state ... 
  more like armando diaz ... 
  yes the context is important austrian and italian relations had been deteriorating in the last few years . 
  this is the last drop . 
  wath is not provokative in placing soldiers and armored vehicles at the border ? 
  i do n't belive they are going to attack but they are doing an unbelievable arrogant and provocative act . 
  that will potentially destroy years of work in emprowing relations . . 
  their aiding of south tyrolean terrorists by the austrians stopped in the 70s . 
  and still many are ascaping justice there . 
  you know the history which austria and italy share ? 
  and if you belive that they do n't have beef here i would like to recall that not so long ago they were arming , funding and protecting terrorist on our soil . 
  we like you guys but not to the point of giving you our biggest commercial harbour . 
   in an universe where they are on peaceful terms with their neighbor if you arrive to place tanks at the border peaceful is out of vocabulary already . 
  there are going to be consequences . 
  they are sending fucking tanks at the border !, 
  in which universe that 's not provocative ? 
  he does reason why i have tagged him with a : '' not answer ; wasted time '', 
   they probably will win votes for this , but they might also prevent libyan refugees from crossing the boarder . 
  or be a boomerang most are stop thanks to cooperation why we should give the austrians half a finger to help if they decide full 1914 ? 
  they are pathetic this is an annoying political stance done for not nothing else that getting votes for the right . 
  which will only gave fire to old reciprocal suspects which were calmed down since the 70s . 
  they are doing a 1915 style military show out at a border with a deep historical meaning . 
  only that the show out is just a pathetic parody made by a country who never made peace of not being an empire anymore in more pathetic way than uk 's nostalgia . 
  for a non existing threat since the flow has been stop month ago . 
  [ in the spirit of the times i listened to this old song this morning ] ( https://youtu.be/vluxujvsmw0 ), 
  deep reciprocal distrust covered by a veil of elegance and politeness = italo-austrian relation since 1861 while you guys are probably our best neighbour . 
   it seems to me that they 're aware that many want to keep out migrants so taking measures against them is a way to deny votes to far right groups . 
  but anti-italianism , is there really support for that ? 
  the '' annex south tyrol '' idea sounds like a fringe nutjob sentiment to me . 
  i hope you 're right that they are not pandering to anti-italian sentiments but nevertheless it will reinforce sentiments of humiliation and anti-austrianism here by calming down your far right you 're throwing petrol on the fire of ours . 
  which is one of the reasons why this wo n't fly well here . 
   ridiculous nonsense . 
  the defense minister is a social democrat . 
  our far-right party has zero to do with this , and have no say in it . 
  votes do n't smell  what the fuck are we even gon na do with 750 men . 
  in fact is a ridiculous act but nevertheless offensive . 
  just to give on example tons of goods go from germany to italy by austria wich enrich from austria transport companies to services like petrol station . 
  modifing regulations like those on petrol for border areas will make the austrian passage less convenient that slovenia or switzerland . 
  and is a possible case among thousands . 
  the loser at their presidential election openly talked about having back south tyrol . 
  frankly i would not be surprised if both sentiments where behind it . 
  austrian far right boners ? 
  it wo n't stop migrants , it will hinder cooperation and refresh old bad blood ... 
  but can regulate internal commerce matters and you really belive that is that hard to create legislation supposedly for while in reality tailored for just one ? 
  are you guys afraid that you will end up involved ? 
  economics most of your economy is connected to ours we just need to create laws that makes harder for you to do business masked by something else so eu laws will not be infranged technically . 
  and people at the end of the day vote with their hearth in their wallet . 
  placing military on a presumed open border at mildest can be called offensive and second their supposed goal has already reached by cooperation . 
  this is just senseless nationalist political posturing on our ass and they are deluded if they belive we wo n't respond . 
  leaving them walk on our head will only : - establish a dangerous precedent - reinforced the far right here, 
  the border has already been secured month ago by common patrolling this is a senseless and ridiculous and agressive posturing for no other reason that gaining votes by nationalists . 
  and acts have consequences . 
  economic retaliation their economy is strictly connected to hours if we want them to suffer we can . 
  but i do n't want a military confrontation with you guys i am just loughing my ass of at looking the low point of detachment from reality you reached especially if one consider that : - the passage has been closed already at 99 % by common patrolling - that some of you really belive that a similar act will pass without heavy consequences . 
  yes in fact is just a ridiculous military show off at the benefit of petty nationalists . 
  never played to that game in my life and it does n't require a genius to realise that annoying a bigger neighbouring with whom your economy is strictly connected is stupid.you guys should really stop masturbate at franz josef pictures . 
  placing soldiers at the border is a textbook definition of a threat one that you might pay hight . 
  placing around 700 soldiers at the border is a miltary threat . 
  a ridiculous one especially if one consider the source . 
  but a military threat never the less . 
  [ war threats from austria this days lol ] ( https://giphy.com/gifs/ucfknights-knights-ucf-3orinxqkpafvf2r1xa ), 
  the swiss border is heavily patrolled and for slovenia i will be surprised if they did n't pass already from there . 
  besides it 's a publicity stunt i bet that either there is some kind of election in coming in austria soon or the government has gone down in the polls recently . 
  they know perfectly well that we will retaliate which is why they do this kind of threat once every couple of months but never put to practice . 
  on the other hand this allows that part of their electorate that get hard at the idea of fortify the brennero to masturbate ; people who seem oblivious that military threats coming from austria this days are at most a source of hilarity . 
  * e 24 * ( and 24 minutes ) or * mezzanotte e 24 * ( midnight and 24 ) . 
  same goes for all the other times between midnight and 1 am . 
  hvala , 
   the roman name is curicum now i wonder why the italian name is veglia . 
  someone knows ? 
   on completely irrelevant note , we could go to legal dispute for triest now . 
  you give it away for entertaining the eu , 
  and if it was hungarians have to place themselves at the bottom of the queue . 
   the sea border with slovenia is disputed because it was never properly settled in the first place . 
  and as for slovenia having a tiny - unfair - coast in general , first you should [ blame italy . 
  ] ( http://www.slovenia-activity-holidays.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/political-map-of-slovenia.gif ) if there is someone who won big with the treaty of osimo is croatians . 
   as for `` being nice '' , what kind of an argument is that ? 
  can you just imagine russia giving free gas because `` they have more than enough '' , germany giving free vw 's because `` they have more than enough '' , so on and so forth ? 
  in fact , since i mentioned italy already , why do n't they just give trieste to slovenia , they have more than enough coast and that 'd be nice , would n't it ? 
  we made a deal with the slovenians no border disputes for no veto to eu access . 
  it 's 1:1 representation, 
   this is not good though .
