  we have troops in the baltics ( and i think the spanish too ) it may sound sad but if the russian invade those countries that could make a huge difference in how the war is percived here . 
  so our banks have an hope then ? 
   lol . 
  italy does n't really get flak [ falls from the chair for laughing ] where the fuck did you passed the last 20 years ? 
  in a buddist monastery on the top of mont everest ? 
   you 'd realize the topic was exactly tabloids . 
  so what is your point ? 
  that you germans stop behaving like whining babies since , despite what some of you seems to believe , neither you nor your tabloids are any better when it comes to offending others . 
  note : i starting to understand the dutch being brutally blunt is liberatory . 
  edit : fucking autocorrect, 
  * dio * and i thought it was bad all the time i had to explain that no we do n't owe a penny to germans and yes we actually are the third biggest contributor in the eu to greece ... 
   at the same time these voices were n't really persistent and one should consider that there were campaigns in greece at the same time doing the whole germany/nazi thing , which did n't really go well with many people . 
  as someone from another former axis country : grow some thick skin !, 
  i mean it 's sad that stupid people and tabloid take out ww2 but falling down at their level is not the solution !, 
  and said quite frankly if we judge countries but how do their people/tabloid acts , you guys are also going to get your bones fractured . 
  i did get the condescending treatment that some germans gives us for just our nationality and as for tabloids go leaving aside build , der spiegel once called us a nation of mafiosi and in another that we are all schettinos . 
  is it offensive ? 
  yes . 
  do i give a fuck ? 
  the mother of idiots is always pregnant at whatever latitude and let 's face it you would not be liked by everyone even if you ( like us ) did n't have a quite complicated past . 
  edit : forgotten word, 
  are you guys cooperating with the illuminati ? 
  are n't you ? 
  you little evil pop corn warmers !!! 1111 !, 
  you are part of the conspiracy ? 
  are n't you ? 
  in a scale from 0 to bild how bad is/was ? 
  who is this impostor ? 
  and what has done to the real sch\u00e4uble ? 
  why the merkel ? 
  you are welcome , 
  yes that 's correct no people were harmed . 
  we had our own terrorist groups , no need to rip off the irish . 
  however now that you make me think about it ira would not be bad as a name for an italian terror group since , after all , ira means rage in our lenguage . 
  makes me think about that old story about napoleon . 
  he wanted to plant trees to shade his marching troops , he was told that the that would took years before the trees where tall enough and he answered : '' better to start now then '' . 
  one of the considered possible culprits is the anarchists . 
  good lord . 
  here in italy the main electric company enel buys from solar panel users for the electricity they produce and not consume . 
  i guess it 's a perk of having your main electric company that is basically state owned ... 
   ok , but spaghetti and all other pasta are made of roughly the same thing . 
  no there are literally dozens of other shapes . 
  besides , chinese spaghetti are made of rice , fake italian stuff is usally made using the common wheat traditional while italian pasta is done either with durum wheat or buckwheat wich hugely modify the taste and the consistence . 
  me too , not only for the money and tradition , but also bacause most of the italian-sounding stuff i saw abroad has like 0 effort behind it . 
  i mean if you 're trying to trick me in belive that your product is italian at least get the spelling right !, 
  some pasta is spaghetti but not all pasta is spaghetti . 
  eu rules do n't work there , 
  for what i heard we are trying . 
  it 's a protectionist move our business lose tons of money due italian-sounding stuff . 
  and it 's not unprecedented we menage to have blocked the use of the world parmesan for cheeses that where not the real thing years ago . 
  i see the famous dutch bluntness is only right when you guys are not on the reciving end eh ? 
   i never did say you where beggars , what i will say is that you need to reform badly . 
  no what is the expression that you used ? 
  baby money ? 
  which is even more condescending btw . 
  do you have the slightest idea of how many reforms southern europe went trough in the last few years and how much pain they provoked ? 
  if at the start of the debt crisis merkel and s. did n't slow down any action for months in the worst case scenario the greek crisis would have costed way less in the best we will have avoided the domino effect . 
  the tabloid reactions were beyond pathetic taking out ww2 and all ** but ** your chancellor and your economic minister are not pure innocent sacrificial lamb they made their ration of mistakes . 
  and i would like to add the idea that quite a few germans seems to have recently that southern europeans hate them it 's false . 
  or you dutch simply want to keep stealing tax money from the south like you do now ? 
  the prospective of fiscal armonisation it 's scary is n't it when you are in many ways a tax haven ? 
  ah and before you take out the bulshit of the italian beggar we did n't get a single pence from northern europe thank you very much . 
  trieste had like a 9 % growth in tourism each year in the last few years i have heard . 
  but also it look much better . 
  i used to go to trieste at least once every year since i was a newborn due to mom and 10 years ago it looked depressing as fuck but now the city center is returning to its old glory and it 's also way more alive . 
   you just had to mention trieste , did n't you !, 
  to my defense i recently moved there and my mom is a proud triestina . 
  plus i really like how the city has improved in recent years . 
   i think poor slovenia would n't be arguing with us about the borders if you had n't annexed it , [ i mean just look at this sadness . 
  ] ( http://www.yourchildlearns.com/online-atlas/images/map-of-slovenia.gif ) ( good shopping there , tho , so i guess that makes it better . ), 
  if the slovenians are so sorry we could relive them of their ~ ~ parking ranway ~ ~ capodistria  plus we could visit each other without long studies on the topic : `` how to avoid the fucking vignetta ? '', 
  :p  as for places on the beach , ze germans be crazy . 
  they either get up at 6 am to put down the towel reservations ( us normal people do n't get up that early !, 
  ) , or they leave them overnight . 
  we 've had some ... [ creative solutions for that . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4v2cpk/angry_croatian_locals_burn_towels_left_on_a_beach/ ) last year we bribed the lifeguard to put on our towel to anticipate the german blitzkrieg of the beach xd, 
  well you croats could give some to us we still have a lot of space in the south  also there cities that while have grown tuoristically in the last few years they are still underapriciated like trieste . 
  anyway i will be visiting you guys around ferragosto can you keep me a place on the beach before the german arrives ? 
  same here we will surpass the historical record of august 2016 if forecasts are correct . 
  the government is founding the installation of fiber in places where would be unprofitable for privates but a place like that would probably be at the bottom of even that list . 
  probably really slow, 
  read up giuseppe garibaldi 's story : the guy was a legend . 
  actually according to statistics trenitalia does less delays every year than db * but you know what is reality when stereotypes are in the game ? 
  in italy 's case was due to a decline in the number of inactives while youth u. is down to 2012 ( which is still high ) . 
  a shot of one second of military honours would not be relevant to brexit negotiations even if it was taken today so your point is pointless . 
  he still was when the photo was taken . 
  it 's just me that thinks that he look like gollum in a suit ? 
  yes we are constant complainers plus he lives in sicily which is basically one of the more messed up regions in the country and one with the one highest numbers of m5s supporters . 
  while for instance i live in the north-east and while people are not exactly optimistic ( but italians are basicly never optimistic ) but people stay batter , antieu and untieuro sentiment is definitely weaker . 
  so frankly i am not surprised neither by ganduja reaction neither by the datas since is experience stay well inside it 's life experience and the data tells the global story aside the division of this country . 
  we are on the same page . 
  ah and when the british press speculate that we will have a referendum on the eu/euro they always forgot one key detail : that both are unconstitutional . 
   britain is first , italy will be next . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's so good that is 20 years that they use the same glorious [ commercial ] ( https://youtu.be/avinorhwudk ) . 
  come va ? 
  you should not feel embarrassed !, 
  no one was born a professor of anything admitting ignorance only make you honour !, 
  what do you aspect by a classific that can not distinguish us from vatican city ? 
  no problem ,
