  i always saw them stereotyped as whingers with no clothing taste not as smug . 
  while for milan i agree 100 %, 
   the only italian insult i know is `` vaffanculo '' you even wrote it correctly, 
   is that seen as a real insult in italy ? 
  it 's the strongest insult you can do to an italian . 
  if you get the right person you can earn a black eye . 
  ** do n't use it !, 
  - why jews play the violin ? 
  have you ever tried to run with a piano ? 
    ah and on ritaly we had the `` cazzo cancro '' tatoo aka why you should never use google translate for something that goes on your skin :d   what was it they were trying to actually say with that tattoo ? 
  fuck cancer :d, 
    tranquillo , e grazie mille per la lezione    cool grazie ancora , always open to those little details too ( practice makes perfect ) , so what actually makes the word feminine in this case ? 
  are you a female ? 
  or is it just the gender of the other words in the sentence ? 
  i am a girl     3 words that they will never know how to write properly even if their life depended on it ... ; )   what are some of the more cringe-worthy spellings you 've seen ( not counting `` chow '' because that 's too obvious  ) ? 
  buownjourno , capish , gratzie ... ah and on ritaly we had the `` cazzo cancro '' tatoo aka why you should never use google translate for something that goes on your skin :d, 
   tranquillo , e grazie mille per la lezione  tranquilla   edit : must be three words ( grazie , ciao and vaffanculo ) max they learn from jersey shore because those guidos would n't know italiano if you beat them over the head with dante 's * inferno * per sempre ... 3 words that they will never know how to write properly even if their life depended on it ... ; ), 
  sorry if i have been harsh i mistook you for one of those muricans who paste together the three words of italian he learned from jersey shore and belive to super fun . 
  at least you wrote it right this time :p, 
  a swiss guy once called me mafioso . 
  he is lucky that he is still alive . 
  however he is probably still feeling pain for the slap . 
  50s are that way - , 
  wow breathtaking, 
  wait bavaria has alps ? 
   when is a child old enough to pick out their own clothes ? 
  in my case i was 11 but most of my classmates were allowed at 8  fix their own food ? 
  in my case i think i was 12  play outside alone ? 
  5 for the flat building garden 10 for other places . 
   visit a friend 's house alone ? 
  you mean stay there without your parents or travelling there on your own ? 
  in the first case 4 in the second 11  go to the shops alone ? 
  8  ride transit ? 
  11  go to a friends house/the shops without asking ? 
  12  be in a relationship ? 
  12  be in a physically intimate relationship ? 
  kids do n't ask permissions for that ever . 
   in school : leave campus for lunch ? 
  we usually do school only in the morning from monday to saturday since middle school so kids who lunch at school are rare ( i envied them since they do n't do the saturday at school since they do afternoon classes ) . 
   go to the bathroom without asking ? 
  at home from when they can walk at school during recess you do n't have to ask , in between classes you have to ask always , and during classes you should not ask because unless you 're at elementary school or basically dieing they wo n't let you . 
   general freedom of movement ? 
  11  do you feel children in your culture are given a shorter or a longer leash than others ? 
  longer than american shorter than germans ah something that shocked every american to which i told it : - italian children are schooled by their parents on how to drink alcohol properly when they are 13 or 14 y.o. 
  d'alema is an atheist , paolo ferrero is a waldensis . 
  just for two more recent names . 
  ah a tip do n't google italian jewish politicians you do n't want to see the end of that tunnel . 
  a bit less so . 
  the whole central italy with the exception of latium heartland is progressive traditionally . 
  beside bologna is the capital of left-wing italy , so hardly the capital that can represent anyone . 
  florence would be a better pick since is central and historical or turin for historical reasons . 
  milan it will just create tensions . 
  well the wast majority of the population is catholic the number is declining but still hight so is predictable that has influence . 
  what i ca n't stand is vatican meddling . 
   people like giovanardi got voted to parliament tho . 
  and also cicciolina which is let 's say the polar opposite of a nun ? 
  we had 6 ( or 5 cavour is dubious ) atheist pm so i do n't think it is that much of a problem . 
  d'alema is the most recent . 
  technically the inno di mameli since as never been made official despite being used in every possible celebration . 
  in italy we have toll so no vignette necessary . 
   i think there are derogatory terms for the french , swiss , and south tiroleans , but i do n't live close to those areas and i 'm not sure ) . 
  french : * mangiaranane * ( frog eaters ) s.t. 
  : * tamocchi * ( no idea from where it come from ) swiss : ? 
  add : * ` striaci * : for austrians , old fashioned * mangia patate * : for germans ( potato eaters ) * bolsevichi * : for russians ( bolsheviks ) * mangia bambini * : old fashioned for russians ( children eaters ), 
  i did school trips every year two of which abroad : last year of middle school . 
  we went to innsbruck and munich . 
  the first day we reached i. 
  in late morning visited some kind of alpine zoo had lunch and left for munich . 
  2nd day we visited in the morning dachau and in the afternoon we visited the town centre . 
  3rd day . 
  in the morning we visited the museum of science and technology . 
  had lunch left for italy . 
  from this first trip i remember the most the sadness at the concentration camp and in opposition the fun at the museum of science and tech . 
  the second trip abroad was last year of high school we went to ljubljana , budapest and saltzburg . 
  1st day we reached ljubljana and visited the centre ( really beautiful ) . 
  at night we had a walk in the city centre and then a beer chatting with our professors . 
  2nd day and 3rd day we visited budapest loved the city !, 
  the night in between we did a cruise on the danube watching the city lights with a glass of wine is probably the best memory of the trip . 
  4th day left budapest in early morning , visited mauthausen in a rainy afternoon . 
  i will remember that place until i die probably . 
  and the same i suspect for my classmates . 
  the silence was heavy on the bus . 
  we reached saltzburg in the evening dined and had a beer with professors . 
  5th day visited the city in the morning eat a sacher with tea for lunch . 
  returned to italy in the afternoon . 
  same in italian, 
  he/she referring to an italian meme according to which molise does n't exist . 
  like spain showed a fascist regime is weak when is leader die and if you have to decide between decades of oppression vs eternal oppression the decision is sad but easy . 
  stay on humanity side . 
  we drink water with mint . 
  there is already a good series of novels about this . 
  - german and dutch seem to belive that everything is allowed here - brits that archeological sites should be reserved just to them and nobody understand them - dutch that if you drive at 30 km/h on 90 km/h road just to enjoy the panorama people would not mind - russian that sky slopes are just for them, 
  austria has a very low vaccination rate . 
  we have national contracts for each category instead . 
   not l'italiano ? 
  honestly i always found that song slightly cringy while viva l' italia is a good description of what we are and our past since the unification ( translation of the song [ here ] ( http://lyricstranslate.com/hi/viva-litalia-long-live-italy.html ) ) . 
  yep it makes me angry that the state here only convers dental for children , ** super ** poor people and emergencies . 
  mouth are important !, 
  italy : [ viva l'italia by francesco de gregori ] ( https://youtu.be/tejdeikpgby ), 
  that would require that our teachers finally gasp the concept that you ca n't teach a language only by grammar .
