  using cruciani as the rapresantative of the everage italian mindset is clinically insane . 
  edit : considering the program in question cruciani probably in the same episode as insulted people who do n't piss in the shower , priests , gays , immigrants , grillini , vegans , northern league voters , animalists , germans , women who never used a sex toy , muslims , jews , southerners . 
  complaning of having been insulted there is acting like a drama queen that program is the polar opposite of political correctness and every single people on earth has been insulted there at least once . 
    the reason for wich we wanted s.t. 
  was defensive not etnic  as i said - no claim at all . 
  i 'm not saying italy did n't want it . 
  while suggesting that was completely without reason while the reason is there and is pretty simple trentino can not be defended . 
   venedig simply developed as the german form over time . 
  during the war , italy made an active , state-financed effort to completely invent artificial names with the aim of justifying its territorial ambitions . 
  the whole naming dispute nowadays is stupid . 
  i will understand if like during the fascist era the german names were banned but they are n't they simply coexist like firenze and florence , lubiana/laibach/ljubljana , berlin/berlino , the hague/l ` aja and the other 2 billion places on hearth that have multiple names . 
  as far i 'm aware the degermanisation of the region started and ended with fascism and on the contrary the period that goes from the end of the war and the early 70s was the golden age of south tyrolean terrorism . 
  the reason for wich we wanted s.t. 
  was defensive not etnic . 
  as for the story of the double names tons of places have different names in different lenguages or should i start complain becouse venezia is called venedig in german ? 
  if you go back enough then austria is rightfully ours . 
  yeah and we are sorry for that but like germans of today are not nazis italians of today are not fascists . 
  and since 70 years have passed and the situation is radically changed i do n't see frankly why every time that province is discussed someone take out fascism as it was relevant to the present situation . 
  sorry , i thought you were serious . 
  trentino is definitely italian and as for s.t. 
  they are pretty fine with their situation and as for you austrians around 100 years are passed : get it over already !, 
  we owe them also 50 years of money to the mob , a series of attempted coups , money to black terrorism , gladio , the contamination of part of sardinia with radioactive material . 
  do n't put them on an altar , they to what is best for them . 
  and it is what i would like that italy would do at least for once we have been too helpful to everyone in the last few years for little returns . 
  it 's not like that i love russia and is leadership i do n't . 
  what i want is to use them to trow the french under the bus in libia . 
  becouse as much as you do n't like an agressive russia at your border we do n't like an integralist driven libia at ours . 
  bacause it goes against the stereotype of the uncorruptible germans and stereotypes sell . 
  and in the following news : a lot of eu companies are opening up societies in serbia to dodge sanctions and water is wet . 
  a budget toward wich we gave way more than we recive back yet somehow we are the stingy one . 
  beside how many polish boats are patrolling our coast ? 
  as far i aware we have given you again way more than the opposite . 
  yeah we are the second contributor per capita to the eu budget becouse we do n't want to help anyone sure / s . 
  and were do you think eu money can from if not from us , france and germany ? 
  falling from the sky ? 
   oh yes , i forgot about mighty italian divisions keeping russians at bay . 
  [ yes we have troop out there ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2016/10/14/italian-troops-to-join-nato-mission-in-latvia ) and be ironic as much you want but we all know that in improbable case of a russian invasion of the eu most of the burden will fall on france , germany and italy if the usa do n't intervine becouse the east alone will be only able to slow them dawn maybe . 
  conflict that we will get involved only for you since if we exlude ww2 we never had any issue with the russians . 
  apart that we have soldiers in the east protecting you dear . 
  but apart from that how many of our billions you recivedso far ? 
  shut up that you do a better impression . 
  we have given in the past way more solidarity to east that we ever received back so your point in ridiculous . 
  if that make you feel better this fuck up is due to both sides it appears : greece for not issuing an interpol warrant and germany for not cecking in the database the fingerprints . 
  except they already did while our dear transalpine friends keep doing their best in destabilising it . 
   the difference is that your inability to sell shit to russia or extra immigrants are not existential threat to italy . 
  sure it might be annoying , create problems , but there is no scenario in which this might erase italy from a map . 
  it is strictly connected to the fact that libya is a failed state wich a big risk to our security you know having fanatics as neighbours in not a dream for anyone . 
  and russia for their connection with egypt is useful in fixing that mess . 
   same can not be said about baltics and unchecked russia . 
  russia is not going to invade the baltics it will spark a war that they ca n't possibly win and they know it . 
  and i will like to add that we also have nato troops in the baltics . 
  it is not punishing is using the same tactics of everyone else . 
  i know being on the reciving end is not nice but appens to everyone sooner or later . 
  exactly . 
  the same whose sanctions only strengthen mussolini internally using the anger of the population for the increase in poverty and lack of goods to compact the population against the unjust foreigners . 
  and the mechanism as not changed in the last 70 years . 
  it has , becouse frankly in the last few years we have doing a lot of favors seeing very little if any returns . 
  like in kosovo ? 
  so i presume that you are also in favor that all the eu cauntries taking their fair share of immigrants and the relative cost . 
  and not suggesting that we should constantly blow the other eu countries when is in their best interests and suck it when we need something . 
  otherwise it will so hypocritical of you , dear !, 
  choose the unpopular position to defend your own interest is being without balls now ? 
  good to know !, 
  you mean the same eastern states wich have been so understanding and helpful about our immigration problems in the last few years ? 
  edit : we are cauntry not a charity we can help others only when that does n't hurt us too much : like every other countries on earth . 
  let 's say that we italians know that mechanism very well since the sanctions for the war in ethiopia . 
  yeah i checked you 're right anyway hopefully we should be able to lower our imports from russia in the next years thank to the new eni field in egypt . 
  but make them lose the moral high ground . 
  thank you from pointing that out , 
  while is undeniable that we ern a lot of money by treading with them the real reason behind is our biggest oil source libya that right now is a failed state run by tribe that earn a lot by transporting people . 
  and btw we transport north way more gas from libya and algeria than russia . 
  stereotypes are cheap this week ? 
   european security is beneficial for all of eu states . 
  like when the french and the british decided to mess libya making our security at risk and therefore also the eu southern border ? 
  and i do n't want to enter in that pitiful show that was the menage of shengen external borders in the last 3 years or frankly the last 20 . 
   if you believe ** every single step ** should bring pure income to your country -- you should npot be in eu , or any other agreement . 
  because agreements are always about the compromise . 
  in fact we are trying to compromise between our the eu obligations and the necessity to be in the russian good side wich we need to fix libya wich will make also the eu safer . 
  and frankly we have took quite a few stomp on the foot for the eu team over the years but we ca n't always do that nor we want . 
   but they understand the point of the sanctions . 
  for them the sanctions have point that make the sacrifice worthy for us are just a net loss . 
  let 's not play ourselves thinking that international relations have anything to do with principles , shall we ? 
  ah the greedy italians ! ... 
  whose money the easth was never to shy from taking in the form of eu subsidies . 
  there is also another big reason : libya . 
  plus now that obama is out of the picture we need the russians to contrast the french in libya . 
  plus a lot of our companies have deals with them to quote an example from last week eni has struck a deal with rosneft over the zhor gas field in egypt . 
  and to compact the population against the evil foreigners that make everyone poorer . 
  well the sanctions against cuba were targeted at the fall of the castros and does n't seem that they were particularly successful frankly ... 
  ah.i thought you were sarcastic at first . 
  like the uk ? 
  the source is that world renowned expert also known as your ass ? 
  we smoke less than the eu everage fyi, 
   but i do n't know , might be bullshit . 
  it maybe have been true in the 50s . maybe . 
  today ? 
  it 's definitely bullshit nowadays . 
  imb4 catholic do n't kill themselves, 
  good old padanian fog . 
  as usual full of retired people allergic to fun :p,
