  however watching films online with subs is helping young people . 
  the reality is that those that who ca n't afford to spend 706 $ ( average national price ) for dental crown do n't have the time nor the age for learning a new language . 
  and actually croatian concorrence has helped to bring down prices here for instance now we have huge clinics were that dental crown would cost on average 600 $ and a dental cleaning would cost 42 $ instead of 86 $ without the huge risks that going to hr would bring . 
  personally i do n't but since dental care is the only type of treatment that our nhs does n't cover italians who could not afford dental care otherwise go to dalmatia since prices are way lower and dentists often speak italian . 
  there actually quite a few historians that call the period between 1914 and 1946 the european civil war . 
  oh come on jugoslavia do n't be so sad !, 
  we know that you are that beautiful petrol station in the woods before ~ ~ the dentist office ~ ~ i mean croatia !, 
  a kiss from your annoying neighbour , 
  officially euro has no plural form . 
  italian passed from being the language of the elite ( and tuscans ) to the language of the masses . 
  which lead to a few spelling changes like from giuoco to gioco ( toy ) , the introduction of quite a few lexicon from regional or informal context and the prevalence in use close past instead to the distant past . 
  that said if i read the letters that my great grandfather sent home from the trenches i do n't have any problems understanding but some passages sound dated tho . 
  german often and once for croatian and once for american . 
  my sister on the other hand often pass for russian by italian and russians alike . 
  vaccines : - that are overpriced water from big pharma - that they cause autism - that contain heavy metal - that we get the crappy ones due to corruption ( used when you ask why in many countries that have around 100 % vaccination rate they do n't have huge number of autistic people ) bonus craziness since we made vaccines mandatory 100 south tyroleans families have asked asylum in austria today . 
  scary.i woke up with my bed shaking . 
  if male : cesare or leonardo if female : vittoria , selene or prisca, 
   even though venetian separatism is significantly smaller than scottish and catalan separatism , it is n't some tiny fringe movement ( at least i 've heard ) . 
  they are seen as joke in the region . 
  we veneti want more autonomy not independence , 
  great sea , great history and great food . 
  only internal tourism . 
  a solution would be reduce the commission to 15 members of those 5 have to come from n. europe , 5 from central europe and 5 from southern e . when a european party wins it pass down to the national parties of each area to provide a list of viable candidates for each position from that area . 
  so at the end the new head of the commission will only have to pick five names from the three lists he recives which is easier than choosing 15 people from the millions of the eu . 
   i agree with you . 
  on the other hand if we want to guarantee the same weight to all the eu countries the bast place is the eu council in this i agree but it will still be necessary a bit of geographical variety between commissars to prevent problems like discontent due to a commission only composed idk by belgians/eastern europeans / ...  ( or the council of ... whatever ... why do we have two institutions with a similar name ? ) . 
  because politicians love to complicate things ? 
  i would love that the president of the commission was directly elected and able to choose is own commissars ( with some restrictions to prevent that they come from just one country/area ) that then will have to be confirmed by the parliament . 
  watch out for dentists expenses . 
  never seen a stray dog in my city . 
  i used to see stray cats when i was little now has been years since i have seen one . 
  i swear i did n't see the flair at first i added speakers as soon i did sorry :(, 
  double plural ? 
  how can you germans speakers allow this inefficiency !, 
  i actually thought that they used espaguetis ? 
  then it seems you picked your side  joking aside while paninis is indeed like a nail on a blackboard ; we are used to foreigners that brutalize our food/lenguage so you want get hatred but resignation , 
  chose the option that bring you hatred from the group you care less :p, 
  paninis for crying out loud panini is already plural !, 
  panino is the singular !, 
  two words : [ roman question ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_question ) tl ; dr they got a country and in exchange they stopped destabilising ours . 
  the shut down is not the real problem since the 60s are long gone but the fact that august is the hottest , fullest , more expensive month of the year . 
  that said what do you like ? sea , lakes , mountains , art cities ( bad in a. ) ? 
  edit : i see you talk about the coastal areas : - trieste : beautiful city close to slovenia , croatia , venice and the alps . 
  still relatively underrated and relatively fresh in august . 
  great coffee culture ( illy is from there ) and joyce used to live there . 
  not anymore now there is eu law that allows ticket from one eu country to be collected in another : too many people were escaping fines . 
  i think so, 
  here in the north-east of italy we plant a tree for every newborn . 
  normally not , but if they try to blame on me on a personal level the errors of the fascist period i will cut the conversation short . 
  and a fishing jacket ? 
  novi it 's good : less sugar more hazelnuts . 
  and if you can try to put your hands on a box of giaduiotti if you like hazelnuts chocolate you will love them . 
  european nutella , well it various types of it , contein more hazelnuts and way less sugar than the american version which i agree taste like shit . 
  have you tried other version apart the us one ? 
  the italian one ( the original ) and the german one both have way less sugar than the us ', 
  little world of the past ( piccolo mondo antico ) by fogazzaro, 
  yes now you can select on the tv if watch tv series original or dubbed . 
  then there is the internet ( netflix and the illigal alternatives ) . and some cinema have started to play with subtitles once a week . 
  frankly if young generations are better with english is due to the absolutely * coff * legal * coff * streaming on the internet with subs , 
   what would your reaction be like if somebody ( young ) told you that they go to church every single week ? 
  i do n't care , i have friends who do . 
  and frankly i would classify it as `` things that other people do on sunday morning that are none of my business '' . 
  the only big no-no is if he/she will try drag me there after i said no thanks . 
   would you treat or think about this person any differently ? 
  i would consider it as sign of closeness and an authorisation to discuss the topic with them since faith ( and lack of thereof ) it 's seen as something really private here . 
  my great-great-greatgrandfather or * quadrisavolo * as we say in italian fought in the third war of [ italian ] independence with the * cacciatori delle alpi * a voluntary military corp led by [ garibaldi ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/giuseppe_garibaldi ) . 
  the father of my mom fought in albania in the infantry . 
  after the armistice he menaged to return to italy on foot ( the fact that he spoke slovenian and a pinch of serbo-croatian helped him ) . 
  in the main time the germans had occupied the peninsula so he joined the resistance . 
  note : he ended up in albania thanks to a burocratic fuck up like all the boys from is area he should have gone with the alpini in russia . 
  that fuck up saved his life , none of the other boys of his age from his village ever returned and he lived for the rest of his life with a huge survivor guilt . 
   have to display emotion . 
  you guys should try , you feel much better after an outburst , 
  greece too i would say . 
  and us :( ? 
  you know it 's not like we are heartless but you know it 's better to have a mountain chain between us because * erm * you were a kinda an abusive girlfriend austria edit : word, 
  italy : * act like an indian * : pretend to not hear/understand * fake as a spanish coin * : a conplitely and utterly fake thing * do like the portuguese * : use a service and `` forget '' to pay * a bulgarian victory * : an electoral/sportive victory that is so big that is clearly inlegitimate i.e. 
  putin winning with 100 % of votes in chechnia * speaking arabic * : i do n't understand nothing * smoke like a turk * : smoke a lot * mom !, 
  the turks !, 
  * : you 're paranoid * a spanish [ woman ] * : a titjob * the french disease * : syphilis * go away like an english * : leave without saying goodbye edit : * on time like a swiss clock * : perfectly on time * do turkish things * : do decadent stuff edit2 : * at greek calends * : when hell will freeze * in indian line * : to stay in single file, 
  party at home . 
  my family , another family with their 6 y.o. 
  daughter and this spanish lady friend of my mam . 
  the spanish lady sees the little girl and say : '' \u00a1 qu\u00e9 mona ! '', 
  meaning what a cutie the problem is that a sentence in noth-eastern italy where we live means : what a dunbass !, 
  and the little girl erupted with an hilarious offended expression : mam why she called me mona !? 
  some got lost some survived . 
  milano is definitely our most modern looking city but in a beautiful way . 
  check some recent photos you will get what i mean . 
  does it count if the story as to do with an hilarious false friend between spanish and italian ? 
  when you guys will have one the greatest fashion and design industry and possibly menage to convince people that central europe does n't mean former eastern-block-with-problems-of-self-easteem you will maybe get a say in who is western and who is not and who is elegant and who is not . 
  the problem is that the official standardised ones are in italian some municipalities have started adding some additional ones in english tho however they are not bound to . 
  never explain with malice what can explained with stupidity beside a lot of municipalities have starting to had additional board in english since the official ones the only standardised nationwide are just in italian, 
   also pay attention to the fucking [ ztl ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zona_a_traffico_limitato ) s , they are all over the damn place , in the tiniest village . 
  i know that tourists detest them but for us locals they have been godsend they made the city centres livable again . 
  it passed through a massive processes of beautification in the last 10 years . 
  before that it was definitely depressing now is a nice modern city . 
  the same can be said about turin that from industrial and depressing as recovered all is former beauty . 
  i would really suggest that you visit it now before it get discovered by mass tourism . 
  ah ah ah the missing ones are aprile and maggio and i need a vacation apparently ,
