  basically every so called dialect is a language which evolved in parallel to standard italian from latin . 
  plus there is slovenian near the slovenian border , sardinian and catalan in sardinian , greek and albenian speaking enclaves in the south , the french and occitan speakers in aosta valley ... 
  i think you get the picture and you have to consider that some regional or local languages have died of by now . 
  enough to permanently move on a yacht and look down upon all of you filthy plebs . 
  if the someone had given me a penny every time i had to explain that he maybe governed half of those twenty years and only for the suicidal tendencies of his opponents ... 
  and the most depressing thing that it is n't the most fascist sounding slogan from the leader of a major democracy ... 
  never so directly . 
  i do n't want to be offensive but that sentence has * erm * a kinda fascist vibe . 
  renzi tried more indirectly with the last constitutional referendum but gave a lot of bullets to opponents that had an easy game link the fear of a strong pm into power with let 's say bad memory from the past . 
  not really we were way more divided when the unification occurred we spoke different languages , used different measures , had wildly different level of development . 
  ... to give you one example during ww1 it was n't rare that soldiers could not understand each other or officers . 
  and ww1 was actually the first moments in which italian started becoming the language of the masses ( process that will be completed by tv after ww2 ) reason why we a lot of lexicon and expressions that come from that time . 
  italy is still very divided but it 's more united now than any time since the fall of the roman empire . 
  tl ; dr : both italy and germany are way more unified that 150 years ago but germany was already way more uniform . 
  prego , 
  after the armistice the north was invaded by the germans that installed the puppet state know as the republic of sal\u00f2 . 
  this provoked a civil war in the north . 
  the king escaped to brindisi in the allied liberated south . 
  when the war finally ended people in the north were `` pissed '' for the king escape and by the fact that he could easily prevented the rise of fascism in the first place . 
  because you can either pass ( wasted ) hours explaining complex historical , economical end political processes or cut the middle step and leave people to their beliefs no matter if they are leaking all over . 
  whatever you prefer to belive dear . 
   eeeh , lo so . 
  and every single time the british press declared us dead . 
  after a while one should start showing doubts about the previsions and their source since being wrong for 70 years is quite a challenge ... 
  never !, 
  if other countries decide to do something with only with each other and eventual others who wish to join probably using a bland name for the project it can be done . 
  and a similar solution have been in the air for months by this point . 
  only if it requires unanimity the nordics are not populated enogh to ask for a bloking minority . 
  end even then if a number of states decide to go on using enhanced cooperations sweden and the nordics would only be able to watch . 
  well the cristoforo colombo was a training ship that we were forced to give to the soviet after ww2 who used it transport wood until it went on fire . 
  as for the vespucci it 's a beautiful training ship . 
  it 's to confound enemies , 
  all your vacations belong to us , 
  well it might not be medell\u00edn but is probably the most attractive spot for terrorists . 
  we had a civil war . 
  and was definitely not fun and left a lot of scars that remains today . 
  a new '48 is coming dear ;p, 
  i am scure at about 70 % that as already the double official denomination . 
  there is one simple solution to your problem with romanians rename back the city to pola xd, 
  if you 're in that sort of things  ... 
  corsica was sold not invaded . 
  and beavtiful zara !, 
  time to clone d'annunzio !, 
  terre irredente we are coming !, 
  if you want to get really triggered might i suggest the song [ morte a franz viva oberdan ] ( https://youtu.be/8pcrxetna6w ) . 
  we are not exactly proud for what append in that 20 years span ... 
  it 's a reference to the russians and the holy alliance . 
  russians and austrians metaphorically drunk the blood of italian and polish patriots who were fighting for the freedom of their homelands . 
  no it 's not . 
  if we do n't enforce vaccination and we go below the range of heard immunity we get an epidemic and like in all epidemic people are going to die so we can act in emergency . 
  but if we prevent that by enforcing vaccination we avoid a preventable epidemic and save lives . 
  the directive covers also private schools the really risk is that they go for homeschooling but that is hard to do since is discouraged using bureaucracy . 
  tons of it . 
  do we need an epidemy of polio to protect people safety or is better to prevent and save life of third persons ? 
  you do n't put only them at risk but also people who ca n't get vaccinated . 
  at if your choices as a parent put not only your kids safety at risk but also third parties the state should intervene . 
  bah from my point of wiew is really simple : my freedom ends where someone else freedom begins . 
  one is absolutely free imo to refuse treatment as long he/she does n't put anyone else in danger . 
  if you do n't vaccinate your kids you put them in danger ( who ca n't decide for themselves ) and also people that ca n't get vaccinated are at risk . 
  vaccination imho stays at the right of refuse treatment as fire in the theatre stays to free speech . 
  it 's not new , is regulated and costitutionally legal the only period in which was illigal was the late 19th century . 
  right now is discouraged trought an ocean of red tape . 
  homeschooling is rare but legal you have to prove that you can educate them and they have to do periodical exams . 
  large beer is just the unit of measurement , all kind of alcoholics are considered . 
  we drink little but often while you guys get really wasted the weekend and both sides consider the other an alcoholic for their different behaviour . 
  this talking on stereotypical terms . 
  that 's why a few german managers condamned for the involontary manslaughter of nine people and with an european arrest warrant on them are definitely not free as air in germany / s, 
  why do n't go speaking with that tone to your mom ? 
  i have better things to do in my life that speaking to someone who nobody ever bothered to teach some basic manners . 
  you could try to do a joke on the fact that going with a prostitute and with a 17 y.o. 
  is fine as long the 2 things does n't concern the same person . 
  i know is hard ... 
  that joke would work if the age of consent was n't 14 here ... 
  how long has trump been in power ? 
  100 days ? 
  trump has been a spoiled brat who dilapidated all the money he got from his daddy , berlusconi on the other hand started as a cruise singer and become a billionaire . 
  trump is a moron who listen to what the last person told him to do , berlusconi on the other hand is a jerk who always done what is the best for him and is definitely neither easy to manipulate nor stupid . 
  a guy like trump would have not resisted a week in our politics the fact that berlusconi lasted so long is significative . 
  beside i would love to blame b. for the state of our economy but he is only one of the causes and he could very well never become pm if it was n't for the suicidal tendencies of our left . 
  between berlusconi and trump ? 
  as much i hate b ( and i sent him curses for years ) deciding who is the most competent is an horrible yet easy choice . 
  and never had the power to kill us all . 
  as far i know kids who have medical reasons that prevents them to be vaccinated are excluded from the ban . 
  and i do n't see why they should be kept out of school frankly . 
  at least macron is good looking trump on the other hand ... 
   on the other hand , public health trumps education apparently . 
  it does n't either the parent can prove that they can home school their children or the child will be brought to closest asl and vaccinated if the parents refuse they will get accused of violation of the duty of education lose custody and possibly get a criminal charge . 
  like append until the late 90s when rosy bindi thought that was a good idea to lift the obligation . 
  what appened before 1998 when the obligation was lifted : you get the social services at your door . 
  it a reference of morris ' the naked ape essay . 
  do n't worry  i know about the joke besides the flag of my elementary school had basically become an irish flag over time . 
  or that being patriotic toward europe is necessarily antithetical to being patriotic toward your own country the 2 things can perfectly coexist . 
  well they seem they are holding up better recently so there is a chance . 
  ja english says tend to be a lot blander imho . 
   so ; first we urge them not to enact it due to the inherent security risks , and then we make a complete 180 and implement it ourselves ? 
  talk about shooting yourself in the foot . 
  in italian we call this kind of attitude : '' cut off your own dick to spite your wife '', 
   the eastern european countries would put up a valiant defense , western europe would probably sit it out `` let 's invade belgium !, 
  the british are never going to defend it ! '', 
  the german high command in 1914,
