not since they realized that southerners are voters too . 
  international studies . 
  yes , it was really interesting especially when we talk about italy and germany and why we have nuclear weapons on our soil ( american ) but we do n't have our own . 
  reason are mostly : - post ww2 peace treaties - the n. p. treaty and you what you study ? 
   you 're correct . 
  easy win for me . 
  i had a class at uni about nuclear weapons and security last week , 
  yes because they had nuclear weapons before the n.p. 
  treaty . 
  they had them before, 
   if i remember correct , a pornstar . 
  she ended up to be good actually as a politician even if she was elected as a protest . 
  honestly the fact that she had that occasion is an italy that i would like to see more : not scared to break social taboo if is the right thing to do . 
  she ended up to be good actually as a politician even if she was elected as a protest . 
  honestly the fact that she had that occasion is an italy that i would like to see more not scared to break social taboo if is the right thing to do . 
  and to scandalize you even more siffredi last year was the testimonial for a campaign to make sex ed mandatory for all schools and not leaving the decision to the high master like now . 
  i know and this make even more necessary that he stay out of the story . 
  italian governments were designed to be really weak after the war for reasons easy to guess the problem is that they ended up to be too weak to last . so what i hope is that we are going foward to a middle way able to keep both the demons of our past and the present excessive weaknesses at bay . 
  there is someone who cares about him tho ? 
  i will dare to say that the uk between coke and prostitutes , pedophile rings and the famous pig as greatly surpassed us on that . 
  yep that 's also possible and scary . 
  well i 'm not going to lying saying that i like all the reform becouse i do n't , and frankly were we given more than just one question i 'll have voted no to a few points . 
  since this is out of the question one in is conscience as to decide what option as the best cost-befit . 
   i am really hoping we leave our voice out of internal affairs . 
  that is part of the point : many were unhappy when obama endorsed becouse it was seen as overstepping sort to say referendum and quite popular dawn here while sch\u00e4uble is n't . 
  i have said how i and many others have expressed their opinion so i do n't see were the problem is really . 
  not at the moment but this evening i 'll try to either find or translate something . 
  so become like the rest of the world ? 
  you underestimate how much we can be * bastian contrari *, 
   i have n't taken a position yet , i definitely will by the time we need to vote , but i 'm still torn as of now between nitpicking what 's wrong with the new constitutional law and thinking fuck it , i 'll go for whatever change they 'll give me as long as something changes . 
  italy and europe have been stagnating for too much , i do n't know if i want that stagnation to proceed further . 
  hope so , 
  fixed thanks , 
  many countries have imperfect bicameralism and the opposition would still have a strong voice . 
  but we would avoid governments lasting less than a season of dawntown abbey . 
  i did if have to speak frankly there are some parts that i do n't like and i would preferred multiple questions for referendum , if you are referring to the senate mayors and regional councillors are elected as they always were . 
  edit : corrections, 
  look how many government we had so far since the end of ww2 or how many law are stuck in one chamber or the other . 
  then call back . 
  so i 'm not the only paranoid thinking it . 
  regards some costitutional changes that will probably reduce our historic political instability . 
  if no wins the government may go down and with the present electoral law renzi may lose to the 5 star movement at next election . 
  now i 'm out i 'll try to find an article about the vote when i get home if you are interested . 
   but honestly what is your situation right now ? 
  all depend from the next referndum . 
  if yes win we will become more stable . 
  at the moment no is slightly ahead . 
  do us yes voters a fevor german friends and forbid sch\u00e4uble to endorse our side or better make him do n't say anything about the referendum . 
  yes he is that popular . 
  we are one of the countries that contribues more and yet we are treated constantly with disdain and the speech of today is no exception and the fact that as been pronunced by a known drunkard does not excuse it . 
  and especially after the deal between the eu and france that ricently emerged the eu a 0 moral high ground . 
  when we italians are gon na get some self pride and stop beat ourselves up while letting everyone walk on our head ? 
  you should go is really lovely there, 
  us army ? 
  absolutely public water is really good in rome and there are small fountains everywhere just go around with a bottle or a thermos . 
  if you want to save money use public fountains unless there is written over : non potabile . 
  except the name ragusa for dubrovnik is older than dubrovnik the city was named ragousion by the founders of the city who were from epidaurom ( cavtat ) on the run from the slavs . 
  you are a sad little boy , are n't you ? 
  sorry but i will not play your game anymore so , have a nice day sir . 
  to try push consumes in time of deflation what a terrible idea !, 
  they are not going to recive cash but more like a card that can be used only in some circostances . 
  especially , since in that case is free . 
  beside nice playing on stereotipes really creative . / s, 
   the commission does n't want to sanction you guys . 
  well they say that they want to , time will see if is gon na appen . 
   sha\u00fcble is n't happy with it . 
  there is something that make him happy ? 
  merkel is ok with our 1offs on for earthsquakes the commission want to sanction us ... 
  so much that we are fighting to be able to add 0,1 to our budget, 
  i 'm not so sure about it considering the spanish i know , however in general they tend be more conciliatory than we are wich is not completely negative per se . 
  yep the pp with a government is a problem but maybe not insurmountable one since is not a really strong one . 
  becouse italy and spain are a blocking minority ? 
  in the past we never really had the motivation to team up but the music is changing . 
   dicaprio survives in that one ? 
  it 'll make more sense , that door was way to big for just one ... 
  capita, 
  stop feeding him . 
  lol, 
   pretty sure 90 % of young italians ( and anybody under 50 ) drinks beer instead . 
  at least were i live ( north easth ) is quite popular especially with us girls . 
  plus think about the popularity of wine based cocktails like spritz . 
  glad you liked it , 
  there are n't many , we prefer to joke about germans , anwway , this is the one about austrians i heard the most : during ww1 , italians and austrians are facing each other from the respective trenches , at a certain point an italian soldier came up with a plan : - ok in austria everyone is called hans so let 's try to shout that name and when the first rise his head we shoot him . 
  - ok then 1,2,3 hans !, 
  boom , dead . 
  2 hours later the austrians came up with the same exact plan : - ok menf , in italy every one is called gioffanni , so ve shout it and when one of them stick is head out : him ve shoot . 
  - gioffanni !, 
  - is it you hans ? 
  we do , autoirony best irony !, 
  both, 
  and marconi , pontecorvo , volta , levi montalcini ... the guy does n't know a shit . 
  and carabinieri , ferrari owners vs lamborghini owners , fiat ... and we also have our fair shere of jokes on foreigners . 
  bah if the local population was so keen to defend those areas does n't explain why almost never italian speaking soldiers from the a.h. empire were sent on the alpine front . 
  and it is not like the austrians could not have avoided to fight on top of the alps they retread up there at the beginning of the war becouse it was a better position for them . 
  the real border was way more downhill . 
  positions i might add they started to fortify way before the war . 
  so was their commanders decisions to fight in those dire circostances which our boys expericed no less than them . 
  the marmolada is still reveling corps of soldiers of the two sides just to give one example . 
  if they only were out of school most were illiterate ... sent to fight a war they never wanted to be part for most of them . 
   evidenced by your `` muh 16 year olds '' nonsense .
