  it has entirely the potential of turning out the way it did for italy after the unification ; the northern instutions did n't take the opportunity to kill this problem in its infancy , because they had no idea what they were dealing with . 
  instead the clans and families grabbed * their * opportunity to infect those instutions in the same way they had been doing in naples and sicily . 
  they now had acces to an italy-wide market and bureaucratic apparatus , and started infiltrating it . 
  northern european countries would be wise to heed italy 's warnings in this matter , and take its experience in trying to deal with the problem more seriously ; or the same process will repeat itself , only this time europe-wide . 
  that will require that many countries politicians and police stop pretending that the shit in wich they are swimming is chocolate . 
   if it is n't too late already btw ... 
  in the case of germany ? 
  probably . 
  belgium idk and italy is due to the fact that the map is on foreign legal business of italian o.c. 
  you guys thought that we were ignoring you while in fact we were secretly studying you !!!, 
  [ evil laughter ], 
  nah we will just win by sending in all ours mushrooms hunters slovenians would be so pissed that the country will implode . 
  i was thinking something similar : politicians are prone in democracies to do short time effect because people want to see the results here and now . 
  and the consequences be damned . 
  if they wanted to take all our organised crime they only needed to ask . 
  not in legal business apparently in the illigal one on the other hand . . 
  for what i know spain does n't have a great legislation when it goes to o.c. 
  and money loundering . 
  if you add the local lack of competition and the fact that is a great point of entry for drugs you can understand why spain at large and most of all andalusia is infested . 
  and from the illigal to the ligal market is not too hard to pass if you have money . 
  or you 're italians after all ... , 
   it 's mostly just that going after organized crime is , like , really hard and police is stretched thin anyway . 
  so as long as they keep reasonably quiet and the ( visible ) violence to a minimum , it 's easier to just ignore . 
  the problem is that o.c. 
  is like cancer the more you wait ...  but they do n't bother people too much , so police focuses on things they can actually solve . 
  if we did try , it would probably get a lot worse before it got better . 
  so good luck getting politicians to commit to * that * . 
  yep politicians are politicians * sigh *, 
  transcrime is a think tank of european university and research institutions that study organised crime . 
   especially in those parts of germany where people are happy about the money and do n't ask too many questions . 
  the definition of penny wise and pound foolish ...  italy has been asking germany to introduce anti-mafia laws for decades but nothing happened . 
  i always wondered if pride did n't have a role in this ... 
  tl ; dr of the comment section : northern europeans finally waking up ah a useful map made by the european commission and transcrime [ here ] ( https://flavianotarducci.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/mappa-mafia-europa.jpg ) legend : pesca e agricoltura : fishery and agriculture bar e ristoranti : bar and restaurants costruzioni : construction hotel attivit\u00e0 immobiliari : real estate gioco d'azzardo : gambling trasporti : transports abbigliamento : clothing prodotti alimentari : food products commercio all ` ingrosso : wholesale altre attivit\u00e0 : other activities, 
  do you really belive they are not already there ? 
  lol [ here ] ( https://flavianotarducci.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/mappa-mafia-europa.jpg ), 
  it 's had been happening for decades it 's great for them to operate where people do n't belive they are there . 
  so stronk that we do the air patrolling for you guys :p, 
  except our border was perfectly fine before libya was transformed in a failed state . 
  french realism is studied in all schools but depends on the teacher if reading one of those books is the homeworks . 
  the death of young wherther is a frequently given to read to italian students . 
  aside from that it really depend on the teachers while we get assigned foreign books to read there is n't one definite list . 
  :d the woman had such a lost puppy expression that did n't even get annoyed despite the bad moment , 
  nope . 
  seven years ago i was walking pepe my dad 's dog and husky passed on the other side of the street . 
  since pepe hated huskies he decided to hunt the other dog no matter how much i shouted him to stop . 
  to not get dragged away i attached myself with one hand to a road signal . 
  while i was trying to not get dismembered a tourist couple decided that was the right time for ask me directions . 
  does still count if is n't the question that 's stupid but the moment in which it was asked ? 
  i believe this the first time this sentence has ever being said . 
  because unicredit is not by far one of the problematic ones which ( with the exception of mps ) are small local banks . 
  more erotic stories and less horrible deaths for the sequel , ok ? 
  a lot of common folk were pressured to buy titles in exchange of mortgages and the banks bailed-in they would have been scruwed . 
  seeing this a lot of people would have been scared and took away money from banks aka a bank run . 
  bail-in or bail-out was a choice between black death and cholera really . 
  til !, 
  meh , too french for apulia , 
  a castelmonte already exits and that will lead to inefficient confusion . 
  as a german you should appreciate the efficient name . 
  not in italy . 
  we do n't take our husband surname on documents and doing it informally is frowned upon . 
  she could change her surname on her own tho . 
  it 's a road paved in red tape but it 's possible . 
  we banned from entering in the country the male heirs of the savoia family until 2001 . 
  translation : on 4th of august the general district attorney 's office of hamm has communicated to the ministry of justice the refusal of the delivery [ of the sentence ndr ] : on the basis of the law on the european arrest warrant a judicial authority can refuse to execute the warrant against its citizens to execute it `` in conformity to his internal law '', 
  black shirts vs brown shirts ? 
  first germany tried to deny to having recived the translation of the verdict and then used a loophole in eu law that allow instead of extradition a new trial in the home country which means : - germany will never extradite them - they at max will serve 5 years instead of the 8 and 9 years they were condamned here it 's a clear abstructionism and its disgusting . 
  i am not spreading lies they have been convicted yes , the italian managers are in prison yes , the german ones are n't . 
  they have an european arrest warrant over their head and germany is trying every trick in the book to not extradite them . 
  go call a lier someone else . 
  that 's why i will never vote for her . 
  but as long she does n't commit crimes or get declared mentally ill she has to have the same electoral rights as any other non-convicted and mentally healthy citizen . 
  false we tried to deport him tunisia and when tunisia refused to accept him back we gave him 7 days to leave the country since he had served is time and we could n't arrest him for anything . 
  he was put on a watchlist and if you guys had once checked is fingerprints while he was living in your country as an asylum seeker you would have known to keep an eye on him . 
  look , i will never vote for her but i will protest if she was blocked from running at elections for her surname : nobody can choose is ancestors . 
   hey man , that 's profiling , and that 's not okay because it 's the current year . 
  which would be bad if it was n't that we rarely give a single fuck about politically correct , 
  or the german managers convicted in italy for involuntary manslaughter for the the fire at the thyssenkrupp plant in turin which lead to the death of 7 people . 
  the truck was polish but was stolen in germany . 
  let 's not forget our [ ferocious minister of interior marco minniti ] ( https://imgur.com/a/zesqw ), 
  we have been involved in afghanistan , iraq and libya . 
  scure we have an historical flirt with iran but that can be very well a double adged sword . 
   let 's not forget that the italian culture is more relatable than many e.u. 
  cultures . 
  have been to italia and never felt like home ? 
  please tell me that you 're not one of those foreigner who believe that the black vailed sicilian widow from xix c. is a correct symbol for modern italian society . 
  [ facepalm ], 
  there is a first time for everything :p, 
  vero ma \u00e8 un precedente non un destino inevitabile . 
  that and also the fact that he/she took out riina that is behind bars since 1993 speak volumes of his/hers knowledge of the topic . 
  or had n't they tried in venice few months ago . 
  or genoa , turin , florence or venice . 
   is toto riina dead , or in jail ? 
  in jail and close to death . 
   who 's managing the refugee camps in lampedusa ? 
  do you have any evidence that there is o.c. 
  proof ? 
  nah italia is clearly trying to not fell asleep . 
  germania talks too much . 
   - will bulgaria still fly air policing missions i.e. 
  do these italian fighters just complement/reinforce the bulgarian air force flights or will they be the only ones doing air policing over bulgaria ?
