  depends . 
  do you give us fiume in exchange ? 
  a bit soon ? 
  usually the annual bavarian transhumance starts in june , 
  well , you should complain with dido is her who asked at the gods eternal enmity between us xd . 
  populism and db that is what changed imo . 
  it is true more than 70 % of pop . 
  have either neutral or positive feelings toward homosexuality . 
  what i wanted to say is do not confuse a loud minority for the majority . 
  beside i went to read the report over italy in their site and i spotted quite few inaccuracies including the fact that we supposedly have a constitutional ban on gay marriage while the italian constitutional court has ruled the opposite years ago . 
  the poll is embarassing . 
  we have civil unions and adoption but somehow we are below romania who want to constitutionally ban gay marriage . 
  it italian law is basically just the name and the fact that if you are in a civil union you 're free to cheat on your partner ( yes not joking ), 
  the week before that protest there were manifestations for gay rights in over 20 italian cities while the family day was just in rome and they even never menaged to fill the square . 
  selective memory ? 
  good !, 
  now we just need that you brits convince the aussies and the kiwis to reinvade that one beach !, 
  we should take back costantinople as well !, 
  the two old capitals under the same state !, 
  always better than your record germany [ pats shoulder ] . 
  fine we will side with the allies and take back / r/istria and / r/dalmatia . 
  fiume be ready we are coming back !, 
   but you guys ca n't be this divisive about pastry . 
  it 's joke mostly , my mother and my uncle love panettone for instance i respect their life choice even if i do n't shere it xd . 
  becouse one is the greatest christmas cake that humanity has ever invented the other is panettone . 
  why no ? 
  we would be such a great couple !, 
  think about it the ancient civilisations back together !, 
  you know it * una faccia una razza * . 
  two words : vittorio veneto besides who planned fortifications a decade in advance and wanted to invade after a disastrous tsunami can hardly call himself an ally . 
  what are the remaining six ? 
  you can do them at home is not hard . 
  the british press tryed to paint our vote as an italian brexit since some of the pro no parties are eurosceptic while in reality : a. 
  the reasons behind the vote are mostly internal if not all b. 
  a quitaly vote would be unconstitutional ( and fail anyway and even the f5m do n't want it ) and the same goes for an eventual antieuro vote . 
   it 's not a correlation at all , it 's directly equivalent . 
  if people reject one , they 're rejecting the other . 
  it 'd be like rejecting hitler , but not naziism . 
  well , i know quite a few people the have a love opinion of both/either renzi and/or the ue but hitler and nazism for god sake ? 
   i 'm sorry if you do n't see the link ( although i 'm sure you do ) but sometimes it takes an outsider to get a new perspective on things . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to give . 
  you mean repiting the prospective portrayed by the british press that the few time they menaged to get something right about my country can be correctly seen as the proverbial exception who confirm the rule . 
   you sound , perhaps , like you would be very surprised if in a few months things went opposite to your world view . 
  this happened to those in the uk who expected remain to win . 
  go take a look in r/unitedkingdom ; that 's a picture of people who ca n't see outside their own echo chamber . 
  you have to accept it * could * happen to you too but you apparently claim to reject it . 
  not healthy at all . 
  actually i belived that no probably would have won in the end doing just one question on a range of topics and transforming a really touchy vote like a constitutional referendum into plebiscite on the person would do just that . 
   as for the italian constitution , as far as the internet tells me , the people are sovereign in italy . 
  how that ever translates to changing the constitution * before * having a referendum i do n't know . 
  i 'd say the opposite ... the people have to be consulted in a referendum before the constitution is changed . 
  like this week they were . 
  art. 75 part .2 i. constituion :  a referendum is not permitted in the case of tax , budget , amnesty and pardon laws , * in authorization or ratification of international treaties . 
  * to exit the eu or the euro would be necessary to change the part quoted above either by a vote of two thirds in both chambers ( impossible ) or by referendum ( really heard , the general opinion is that the least get touched the better ) . 
   finally , if the eu was n't an issue at all , you would n't be here defending it . 
  it 'd be a moot point . 
  i 'm not defending the eu i 'm saying that in this referendum really mattered little if anything at all . 
  the fact that some not all , some , no voters are eurosceptic does not make the referendum against the eu as much the fact both farage and the rest of humanity breath makes everyone eurosceptic . 
  there was way more than that if it just that it would have passed , renzi made 2 mistakes : - using just one question ( many would have voted yes to some parts of the reform ) - making the vote about himself ( however it has to be said the fact that he menaged to get 40 % having everyone against is not a small result ), 
   renzi is pro eu , and his policies were rejected . 
  correlation / = causation  this also opens up the door for a vote on dropping the euro , which is an eu cornerstone . 
  no it does n't for having one such vote would be necessary to change the constitution and good luck with that . 
   this was all taken into consideration by the people who voted no . 
  lol thank you for telling me about what my countrymen think evidently i live in a different italy since in the one i live in the eu was n't not even in the top then reasons for their vote . 
  to be fair he is wrong on other things in the article however finally someone say that clearly that our referendum . 
  i hope i did n't sound agressive in my first comment . 
  no it really was n't we are not leaving the eu anytime soon nor we want to do . 
  the costitutional referendum is much more an internal matter and calling an italian brexit like farage did is cringy and out-of-reality . 
  not lughing for a joke told two billion times that was n't funny even the first is lacking of sense of humour now ? 
  fine then, 
   he just corrected mario to the closest female name i guess it may be as you say . 
  however it is not the first time that i see maria branded as the stereotypical italian lady wich leaves me wonder . 
  i always wondered why maria is considered the stereotypical italian famale name since is not even in the list of the 50 more common ... 
  then maybe i have overreacted . 
  no it 's really annoying like your comment btw you just called mario a woman, 
  fuck you really, 
  the south always vote conservatively is referendums so is not really surprising what changed today is that they voted is huge numbers wich is rare for them . 
  and this kind of joke today is even more annoying than usual . 
  you do n't now nothing on italian politics do you ? 
  do n't worry , 
   unless unbeknownst to me consultative referendums are not permitted by the constitution as well , answering that it 's not a real possibility due to it not being binding is still extremely misleading . 
  i thinks so . 
  however i am not sure . 
   5sm has said that they would call for a consultative referendum . 
  such a referendum would in practice not be very different from a binding one , since the chances of the parliament disregarding its outcome are very slim -- in general and more so given the current political climate . 
  we will see , they said a lot of things in the past as long as they keep talking i am not worried . 
  if they would start acting for such consultation then i would try to do my best to oppose them . 
  yes modify the constitution no stay as now . 
  this referendum is not an italian brexit . 
  m5s says every thing and the opposite every week . 
  i 'll worry about a possible consultive referendum on the euro when and if the moment will come for it.right now it is not very likely whatever the results would be tomorrow . 
  hard yo belive honestly . 
  probabile . 
  it is a bit more complicated . 
  no , the italian constitution explicitly forbid referendums on : a. 
  foreign policy b. 
  economic policy . 
  and this is not going to change today . 
  or foreign press is overestimating it ? 
  frankly this terror campaign is exagerated based on bullshit like a possible future euro referndum wich is impossible and totally illigal in reality .
