    - a south tyrolean with such a stereotypical soft skin that 's almost offensive \u2714   one gets irritated over time having to deal with the same ol' army of ignorant italian internetwarriors interesting that you feel involved since i was thinking about you when i wrote it . 
     - naming disputes \u2714   whenever an italignorant tries to delegitimise historical german toponyms it is our right to correct him/her . 
  has to do with self respect and dignity . 
     - the random switch side joke   is it so random , though ? 
  yes , it 's more boring and uncreative all things considered . 
     - austrians unaware that s.t. 
  are n't the only linguistic minority \u2714   you pulled that one out from every single time this topic has come out here . 
     - those who justify s.t. 
  terrorism and/or their flirtation with the ss \u2714   absolutely pathetic to say this . 
  who dares opposing your nationalist troglodyte dogmas is defamed instantly . 
  ignorance is bliss . 
  ah the random accusation of nationalist mindlessness you did n't use that card yet . 
  the problem is that i am not a nationalist so the accusation does n't catch much . 
  can i just said that i am glad that we can discuss this topic politely . 
  thread on this topic always degenerate in bar fights ... 
   it started with an innocent austrian guy just wanting to reap the sweet karma using a picturesque scenery found a few kilometres south the border . 
  fair enough . 
    then the shitshow starts . 
  seriously , one might think that after decades of peaceful coexistence in this land ( and the people who endured the hardships of the fascist period dying out ) , people would be less irritated by any opinions and discussions of this topic . 
  but no . 
  kinda sad , is n't it . 
  yes it 's really really sad the fact any discussion of this topic even those like this who started in the most innocent of ways degenerate in a bar fight . 
  that said it 's also due probably to the fact that reddit is not the right place for such a conversation . 
  there was, 
  my grandpa family was from the slovenian minority which actually went trought worse shit than s. tyroleans . 
  and it 's relevant in two ways : 1 . 
  i can understand more the suffering of the forced italianisation 2 . 
  but also make me less prone to accept the consept of justified violence frankly i have problems to think that 3000-5000 is a small number considering the area . 
  but considering there are people from your area that denied in front of me that they even exited i give you a point for that . 
  as opposed to the austrian superpower ? 
  for starters thank you for answer me politely and without presuming that i am some kind of nationalist/fascist . 
  that said while i empathise way more than the average guy on the street on what s.t. 
  went trought in the fascist era since something analogous append to members of my own family as i wrote elsewhere in this thread . 
  that said i have problems to justify the deaths of people who had n't any faults i hope that at least that if you ca n't agree with me you can at least understand my pow . 
  a really ? 
  then explain to me aosta valley , fvg end sardinia . 
  that all have very similar status . 
  and jet did n't go around blowing stuff or massacring civilians at the fosse ardeatine . 
  i actually think that 's none of your business . 
  it is since you are fucking rude and agressive . 
  so i reiterate calm down if anything acting this way will make anyone less prone to listen to you . 
  just like the ladins strapped from trentino and south tyrol in 1918 and still do n't possess any particular minority rights in veneto and both their language and culture are basically on the brink of dying out there . 
  or the french in aosta valley , the sardinians , the greek in the south * oh wait * ...  3 . 
  `` one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . '', 
  do you have the cognitive capacity to put down your biased goggles and see things from a different perspective ? 
  o please spare me that crap !, 
  my maternal family ethnicity went trough the same and somehow menaged to avoid joining the ss or blowing people up . 
   i told you even a former regional president recognized that their efforts were crucial to catch the uno 's attention and therefore attain the autonomy status we know today . 
  then explain me why fvg , sardinia and aosta valley all have similar status  only towards the end was the bas infiltrated by neonazis from germany and austria . 
  you do n't seem to have a very in depth knowledge on the matter and prefer to keep it very simple . 
  black and white . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  except south tyrol had a very high ss enrollment rate , the fosse ardeatine , the fact that was a passage point for many former war criminals on the way to argentina ... 
  sorry i ca n't sympathise with xenophobic assholes who justify terrorism . 
  and here we go with the austrian neo-nazi . 
  it was the only thing missing from making this thread like all the other times that came out of photos of the area . 
  nah balcanik spiciness is not a usual ingredient in s.t. 
  related threads those are : - italian neo-fascist \u2714 - austrian neo-nazis \u2714 - a german with a paternalistic tone \u2714 - a south tyrolean with such a stereotypical soft skin that 's almost offensive \u2714 - the non-fascist italian that get called fascist just because is honest enough to said clearly that he/she thinks s. t. authonomy is excessive \u2714 - naming disputes \u2714 - the random switch side joke \u2714 - austrians unaware that s.t. 
  are n't the only linguistic minority \u2714 - those who justify s.t. 
  terrorism and/or their flirtation with the ss \u2714 - those who belive to know enough about italy to suggest alternative forms of administration organisation \u2714 - an actual 0,01 who actually appreciate the photos \u2714 mix up and repite every fucking time * yawn *, 
  do you want to provoke a civil war ? 
  knowledge of the history of ww1 : - z, 
  calm the fuck down 2 . 
  despite some of you seem to belive you 're not the only italian minority in existence in general and whit autonomy in particular . 
  so you probably would end up with some kind of autonomy . 
  and in the second line who exactly are praising just to be clear south tyrolean ss or s.t. 
  terrorist ? 
  my maternal family belonged to another minority from night to morning the had their surname changed . 
  and since every comune acted on his own their relatives in different towns had gained different surnames . 
  somehow i suspect that you would n't have liked had append to you . 
  hence way i absolutely believe of the importance of keeping alive old names and town names . 
  but i also find the whole querelle about path signals cringe whorty no matter how much you do n't like a second name signals are used to guide people if they fail to do so they have to be made include all the info necessary like it or not period . 
  the problem is that more often than only south tyrolans are taken in consideration when talking about this . 
  as a result foreigners and italians citizens ( including often s.t. ), 
  seem to believe that it only affected that area when in reality it did n't it was a whole country phenomenon . 
  and the spread of this misleading idea not only is a punch in the face of history but also make making peace with the past harder . 
   okay , and fascist italianisation of south tyrol was [ no joke ] ( http://abuse.wikia.com/wiki/italianization_of_south_tyrol ) and of any other minority lenguage area . 
  ftfy . 
  was an absolute shame ? 
  yes . 
  hence why not only what append in south tyrol should be taken out of the closet . 
  they helped in him and in exchange is putting them in prison ? 
  and in italian we say : '' good deeds are never left unpunished '', 
  i hope i do n't sound harsh ( not my intention at all ) but resia may have been invented during the fascist era but has become a well known location by this point as such that name wo n't vanish from use any time soon since it is entered in the language . 
  yes but strudel do n't do terrorist attacks ... * anymore * ... plus our ski team would suck without them . 
  why it taste good ? 
  no problem italian is messy  an hug from trieste, 
  amico mio  in this context however if you 're presenting someone lui \u00e8 il mio amico mario / ... is the way to go . 
  is also calmo e placido ? 
  that and education . 
  our parents teach us how to drink properly around the age of 13 or 14 us a result : a. 
  we learn how not to get wasted b. 
  we never see alcohol as a forbidden fruit, 
  cin cin !, 
  if you drink so much wine to end up puking on the sidewalk you are doing it wrong . 
  quality not quantity . 
  i did but more with the meaning of out of place than that of unwanted guest . 
  or that the trevi fountain is not the right place to have sex . 
  is n't sad that such fines are even necessary for things that should be obvious ? 
  people love to complicate their own lives ?
