  yes . 
  beside in standard italian the difference between the italian of a milanese and a sicialian are mostly the accent , the prevalence of some grammatical time instead of another and some minor lexical difference . 
  ** are the the regional lenguages that are really different . 
  no and no . 
  hand gestures are sometimes used in informal context to give emphasis . 
  the lenguage is completely independent and self-sufficient from them . 
  oh c'mon greece !, 
  you are gorgeous too !, 
  well if i got right their methodology they used ministry of health guidelines to evaluate our health care the problem is that those guidelines are the bare minimum of offered services the rest is decided on regional base . 
  this hugely affects the results but helps if you want to pass the line the nhs like healthcare is bad compared to insurances and not flexible enough for huge cauntries  . 
  but if you look any other analysis our is the best systems in the world , for who is the second best even . 
  because you have the best air !, 
  enfrente al bar . 
   then fucking brexit happened and i had to get an italian passport anyway to keep my eu rights . 
  well a tip : ask for a * carta di identit\u00e0 * ( our national id ) as a citizen you are mandated to own one and you can travel all over the eu ( and few other cauntries ) with it and it 's way cheaper than the passport . 
  for the star i guess ? 
  it 's not the first time that i hear this . 
  however it has nothing to with c. especially the star . 
   no , definitely not . 
  there 's some idiots who will say it and mean it , also present on this subreddit ( he 's quite known here as a major idiot so ignore him if you ever see him say anything ) . 
  but normal sane population is past that . 
  it 's more like a joke nowadays . 
  same for us with the whole istria & dalmatia thing apart from a couple of idiots no one give a damn anymore . 
   i love trieste , it 's such a beautiful city , i wish italy paid more attention to it . 
  we shere the feeling here . 
  i was born in another region but my mother is from there and i go there at least once a year . 
  while it has improved in the last few years it is far from its full potential . 
  but is really taken seriously nowadays by non nationalist slovenians ? 
  or his like for us with fiume that it 's a meme at 99,9 % ? 
  because i get that in 1910 the slovenians were 30 % but in the 70s were down at 5 % and frankly i dubt that the number went up . 
  do n't worry i do n't base my opinion about anyone from youtube comments otherwise i will be so disgusted by humanity that i 'll move on a desert island . 
  the reason why i have noticed those comments on a first place is becouse they seem to me to be more common proportionally than those from other neighbours . 
  that said i quite like you in general and some of my best childhood memories are set in slovenia and my opinions are not going to change if i read something like : '' give back trst you half-n ****** thieves '' i will just laugh and move on with my life . 
    gib back capodistria  was trieste not enough for you lot ?!, 
  one day all the adriatic will be ours muhhaha ( joke )   hateful comments on youtube  what do you mean ? 
  if you watch videos in italian or relating to italy you 'll ( often ) see unkind comments by slovenian nationalists . 
  - small - cheap petrol - woods - beautiful ljubljana - the bloody vignetta  - gib back capodistria xd - hateful comments on yt :( - beautiful caves with prehistoric lizards, 
  not there but it appened in pompei and at the colosseum yes unfortunately :(, 
  well the bus was full of hungarian students returning from france and the fact appened in italy . it is not exactly local news imo ... 
   and we would probably be close to the us on this . 
  mah i am not sure about that i think that we just never cared that much of the personal faith of politicians we see more as something private . 
  think about this during the kingdom era we had two jews as pm , sonnino who was anglican and bonomi e mussolini that who where atheists . 
  and talking of modern times i doubt that anybody gives a damn about d'alema or bonino being atheists ( just to say two names ) or paolo ferrero being a waldensian . 
  well we definitely always considered faith of politicians as a non-issue . 
  i mean when we where still a kingdom we had between our pms : - 2 maybe 3 atheist ( cavour is debated ) - 1 anglican ( sonnino ) - 2 jews, 
  una tromba d'aria is way smaller than a tornado plus trombe d'aria and bombe d'acqua have definitely increased in number in the last few years . 
  tornados are n't exactly typical of italy ... 
  and then someone claims that climate change is an hoax o.o, 
   i hope that with the oncoming `` 4th industrial revolution '' of job automation new ideas will appear , as workers will face hurdles as big as those of the early industrial world . 
  this . 
  i belive that we are at beginning of a key passage in history and i belive that our economic system is going to be replaced like capitalism replaced mercantilismo however the key question is with what ? 
  the problem is if we are convinced that there is no alternative : are we ever going to look for something else ? 
  this is the problem of the left if is unable to offer alternatives becomes a cheap copy . 
  and nobody loves duplicates . 
  i 'm not saying that looking for an alternative is easy but is what imo the left as to do if it does n't want to end up in the bin of history . 
  the left is losing ground because has embraced neoliberalism so much that is basically a cheap copy of the right and between a copy and the original people will always prefer the original . 
  wise words, 
  i have almost pity for him the poor guy look like one of the few decent people in that family and you made is life impossible hermanos :(, 
  a savoia running away why i am not surprised ? 
  i disagree, 
  well monarchists are considered a rare species of wirdos the vast majority of italians despise or just dislike the savoia . 
  he is a smart guy while tajani is viper and monarchist . 
  i did n't like shoulz but his replacement is awful ... 
  never trust a liberal :(, 
  apparently he never informed is group about a possible deal with pittella . 
  the race may still be open . 
  it 's sale season , why you do n't buy some creativity ? 
  it 's on the third shelf between humor and fun . 
  i did n't know about this ... it is even more in the character that the famous missing ribs ... 
  only woods , saints and wolves out there . 
  a tough mountaineer indeed ... 
  well in origin tamocchio meant something along the lines of rough farmer mountaineer and that picture represent it perfectly ... 
  for an orgy with coke ? 
  tamocchio is a nickname that italian speakers have for south tyroleans of german lenguage basically the opposite of welschen . 
   [ that 's how we roll , boy . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kp4mild.jpg ) i just realised where the tamocchi nickname comes from ... , 
   thanks for that info . 
  i have learnt something today . 
  you 're welcome   also glad he is resting in his own land - where he is known and respected . 
  i am glad too . 
  we did the right thing bringing him here : it 's where he belongs . 
  we can borrow a trick from the russian war book and send our armies on vacation ... so we should invade invade in august !, 
  they will only realise when is too late !, 
  how we do this partition ? 
  you we invade from the north and us from south and west ~ ~ capturing ~ ~ ^ freeing capodistria on the way ? 
  good . 
  then its time to destroy paris !, 
  it always been nothing else than a cheap copy of rome after all xd, 
  with a such hungarian name , who could argue ? 
  yep is really a sad poemand the guy definitely never had an easy life but on the other hand he always fought for what he believed . 
   but his ending - dying in london , in poverty , in an unknown resting place is tragic . 
  apparently his body was found i was wrong about that apparently he was transferred from london to the [ cathedral of santa croce ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/santa_croce,_florence ) in florence where many of the great of italy rest . 
  idk why i was always convicted that there was only a cenotaph there ... 
  for that minutiae like your almost president literally in bed with the ~ ~ kgb ~ ~ ^ fsb ? 
  nah i think they still have time to investigate your shady alligiances ;|, 
  mmm and they have nukes now ... and if just got revenge invading saint helena ? 
  an american that want to go in an infamous communist hideout ? 
  mmm should we warn the fbi ? 
  should it be anything else ? 
  complain with the french !,
