i 'm sure !, 
  :d ( maybe a trans-atlantic hive mind ? ), 
  up is the direction away from the ground . 
  who-ha-hah-ha-h ... nvm . 
  anyway , please give our kind regards to all other canadians through your canadian hive mind ( we * all * know you canadians have a hive mind okey ) . 
  sorry about ceta b.t.w. 
  maybe we 'll try again some day . 
  netherlands here , the time is 14:00 and we 're under heavy cloud cover , the sky is dull grey and much rain is expected , much like yesterday ... got ta tell you canada , this has n't been our best summer . 
  weather be crazy last years . 
  hope you 've had a better summer . 
  you italians too , there is talk about how you are getting fed up too and i do n't blame you !, 
  but please do n't start thinking about leaving . 
  let 's just put more pressure on our gov 's to get their sh #t together !, 
  owh gawd , i 'm so done with the problem of the commons / race to the bottom bs here in the eu . 
  the member states in their selfish behavior are killing the eu . 
  i mean , it 's their sovereign right i guess but whereas we could harmonize our business etc. 
  and * all benefit * , just because we want that * little bit more * than the rest we all end up losing . 
  all the while the rest of the world is very pleased with our discord , for together we would definitely call the shots with regards to fair economy , human rights , environment etc. 
  but now we 're just pathetic . 
  our internal strife is just as embarrassing as the us elections . 
  `` europe '' ; are we gon na do this already or do we all better just go home . . ? 
  if the eu fails at least we still have these guys/galls ;p as a last chance to solidify european political power maybe they should all just interwed their kids or keep the houses apart and regularly choose an emperor from their midst !, 
  yes !, 
  it implies something fatherly instead of just being a big owner of land or something . 
  right back at you fine gentlemen !, 
  i love the brits to bits , beautiful country with truly wonderful people !, 
  i 'll still be watching the bbc with all it 's escape to the country , cash in the attic , bed & breakfast uk , flog it ! , top gear etc. 
  their politicians and politics on the other hand ... 
  even with all the special deals and treatment ( because - hey whatcha gon na do - the uk has a lot of political , economic and military weight so wan na keep 'em happy and * in * ) , crying for reform as it would suit mainly them but all the while thwarting all the really needed big changes . 
  so - yeah - i really hope that for the average man and woman in the uk , nothing essential will change and that they may even better sort out how they want to do things . 
  but insofar as the influential peeps with money and power who stood to make even more gains and riled up the public opinion for their own agenda : screw you !, 
  i hope you all lose billions !, 
  good sport , old chap !, 
  i 'm all for a closely integrated eu but hopefully this has been a well deserved warning to the technocrat politicians who have been thinking politics is a purely technical matter without considering the will of the people . 
  but i also hope that it will stay with that , a warning sign , and that people will soon turn around and start believing in decent institutions again . 
  i agree . 
  it 's very important for people to see that the rich and powerful that behaved greedy and caused misery be put in their place . 
  we need a bit of justice now and then to keep faith in civility and not run into the hands of political opportunists . 
  but just to be sure , let 's not turn this into a witchhunt either . 
  economic `` boom '' ? 
  increased spending on welfare , increased borrowing , high house price ( really ?!? 
  bubble much ? 
  * sigh * ) , short term increases , not sure this is the right kind of `` growth '' . 
  `` eu 's success story '' ? 
  kinda smells like positive spin after dubious decision making . 
  of course we need humanitarian policies but let 's not try and make things look nicer than they are . 
  ;p yeah , always be careful with numbers : 33 % cost reduction says nothing if it goes with 33 % output reduction . 
  that 's huge !, 
  sending you all some love from the netherlands !, 
  oale grieze ftw !, 
  `` to counteract anti-eu campaigns , meps suggest reinforcing the eu 's tiny `` strategic communication '' task force and investing more in awareness raising , education , online and local media , investigative journalism and information literacy . '', 
  gawd , how predictable and lacking all sense of novelty , innovation , catchyness , ingenuity , wit ... and probably any * effectiveness * !, 
  xs ca n't we just hire some russians to do some anti-trolling for us ? 
  dammit !, 
  i love europe , it 's people and dreams but ffs !, 
  get a sense of realism . 
  let these otherwise fine men and women working for the eu get their heads out of their asses , face a real world problem for once and really do something !, 
  i especially love how in every one they gave a prominent place to the church !, 
  makes me want to play simcity !, 
  very impressive !, 
  all people everywhere used to wear hats , they just do n't anymore . 
  i googled `` coddle '' and that stuff looks great !, 
  compare to our stamppot or hutspot varieties . 
  but my head 's starting to throb just reading about the drinking !, 
  no thanks , no pints for me : i destroyed that part of my life ( i.e. 
  my liver ) many years ago . 
  but i have to say , it sounds like great fun to sing while drinking , we should all do that more !, 
  so here you have them : the good influences of multiculturalism !, 
  ;p have you been told about the wonders of our dutch cuisine : mdma ? 
  thanks very much !, 
  / s ... now i want europe to be made out of marzipan ... 
  that seems like a fair question to ask . 
  [ edit ] it probably has something to do with shear necessity . 
  i 'm not quite sure what that would entail but i had to really laugh at the idea of `` being free to be as swedish as i want '' , something with a lot of woolen knittings and eating fish and having snus all round the nose , screaming like a berserk viking until some lady takes offense and you are all like `` i 'm terribly sorry madam , 't was nothing but my free swedish soul taking flight ... '' xd, 
  ha , you would make a great travel agent !, 
  i certainly feel like i should  cheers everybody ( whatever culture ) !, 
  i agree with you on most but i would still say that this does not describe `` multiculturalism '' as it has been promoted to us by our government for 2-3 generations now ( where we celebrate christmas along with ramadan and hanukkah , and the list goes on and on , we all celebrate everything and believe and respect everything , a completely unworkable notion of multiculturalism if you ask me ( because of reasons mentioned before and the simple fact that no one day in the year would be a working day anymore ;p ) . 
  what you describe , i would call : homogeneous western society with cultural window-shopping . 
  [ edit ] i would call our societies homogeneous when like 80 % of the people `` agree on - / feel about things '' or share preferences , 100 % is impossible in this age . 
  what i called our dominant western culture , which is * defined * by it 's ( limited ? ), 
  ability for adopting other cultures . 
  that 's why i said that i have never seen a truly multiculture society , because ours are all very much western . 
  ( which has worked so far and which i hope will work for a long time to come . ), 
  yeah , and it is a pretty hot topic ( in the sense of both actuality and burning your fingers ) these days . 
  some people make reference to europe 's `` migration period '' ( first century ad ) and say : `` nothing new ... '' but that concerned some 750.000 people over more than a hundred years , over entire continent . 
  ( fewer people in those days of course but roman empire had some 40 million so not like there were only a handful ) you guys ( de ) * alone * took in some 750.000 in one year !, 
  the world has never seen anything like this ever before . 
  luckily most humans have some `` universal '' values ( do n't steal , murder , rape etc. 
  ) , at least so it seems , so i have good hope for it to work itself out . 
  but to get back to topic again somewhat : the loss of homogeneity has not been without incidents and only time will tell how our/your culture will look like in another couple of decades . 
  the way of segregated communities is harmful ( i can tell you that , living in one : a city district with some 20 nationalities with hardly any interaction between them and a lot of trouble ) , it was viable in the amsterdam of the 16th century ( and the technology and numbers of people of those days ) but it is not now . 
  so i 'm hoping for a good choice of cultural eclecticism , where everybody feels like they are * somewhat * represented . 
  yeah , except that this describes a particular dominant culture : ours ( if i say this in the west : uk , fr , de , nl etc. ) . 
  it is our culture to allow for minority cultures to exist within ours . 
  so that 's the trouble i have with calling that a multiculture , because strictly it 's not . 
  anyway , i get your point  ( frikkin ' semantics ey ) but that last bit : '' ... and minority cultures should have respect for the majority culture . '', 
  that one is seriously under attack the last decade or something . 
  and say what you will , it 's not helping societal stability over here ... 
  truly heartwarming but hardly any multiculturalism in your story . 
  you name some people of different nationalities who choose to eat a particular food while speaking a range of languages .
