  and most of the work for this peace and prosperity is done by very dull people doing boring work in their small offices . 
  let them do their job without us , the public , being fueled mistrust . 
  there are no swedish or german politicians , there are just politicians . 
  they can be * very * different but the difference is not their nationality , it 's the level of them being selfish assholes or genuine cool . 
  let 's try to get the good ones and avoid the bad ones and not care too much about where they 're from . 
  very good sir , very good indeed . 
  well done , good sport !, 
  hear-hear !, 
  this is how we , as sceptical , even a bit contrarian , but always cautiously optimistic europeans , ought to react to ... well , everything !, 
  armed resistance ? 
  arm against whom ? 
  who will you shoot ? 
  we 're talking about a process carried out by dull people behind cluttered desks . 
  or will you go shooty mcshootface in the first eu office you come across ? 
  i , for one , welcome our new eurocrat overlords !, 
  ( unlike the french , who will probably burn every car in sight . ), 
  but seriously : it seems like the logical thing to do . 
  i support the idea of more integration while keeping some decentralization . 
  i 'd like closer integration without too much centralization . 
  what do you call that , harmonization ? 
  what a shame ... 
  but still , you guys in the uk are well stocked when it comes to beautiful buildings , be they awe inspiring castles or country cottages , 
  wow , nice !, 
  iew , that 's one fugly building !, 
  what a shame because the building in the foreground is such a classical beauty !, 
  damn , that palace of culture and science totally rocks !, 
  we all got church-towers or glass-and-steel behemoths and here is our norwegian friend with his grain silo ;p bless you norway for always keeping it real !, 
  city of groningen : de martinitoren ( a church tower ) a.k.a. 
  de oale grieze ( old grey ) at 96 something meters . 
  love this topic : it 's got a nice boastful quality . 
  got ta love the old world for her old and imposing buildings < 3, 
  a force to be reckoned with !, 
  ha , so true !, 
  `` pay for the paperwork yourself ''  reminds me of another very typical instance : people in my part of the city want the station here changed from [ translated ] station north to northerstation ( or the other way around ) . 
  they wanted all the signs and boards changed and lobbied at town hall for a few years . 
  finally cityhall decided that `` whatever !, 
  change the name , signs , boards , anything you like !, 
  but you people pay it all from privately collected funds not public money . 
  needless to say : that was the end of it ... 
  cheers , 
  owh-my . 
  netherbourg sounds like the most awesome place !, 
  i hear you man !, 
  living in grunn , i have to put up with our neighboring stubborn frisians all the time ;p nah seriously : i 've read about the catalonian thing and it sounds like a real mess : people are bound to disagree fundamentally about this one ... 
  i seriously think that if someday we actually want to go through with the whole eu integration thing , we need to do away with the national level and go straight from local to supernational level : an eu comprised of only historical and cultural logically provinces . 
  * ( that 'll teach those frisians !, 
  yeah it 's a thing for some in the north to want to break apart , there 's even a provincial political party for it ( partij v\u00f3\u00f3r het noorden , met name in groningen ) , but it 's pretty small . 
  sometimes the goal is to form one big super-province with friesland and drenthe and on other occasions they talk about actually parting with the rest of the netherlands . 
  and then , a discussion which only revives itself every couple of years , there is the question of whether groningen ( and sometimes drenthe ) should n't rather belong to germany with our low saxon dialects and our history and geography . 
  take the hunebedden for example : they can be found from drenthe ( with actually 2 or 3 in groningen ) through the northern part of germany , all the way up to denmark . 
  but were talking about frikkin ' neolithicum trechterbekercultuur here , so maybe that 's just to long ago to be making fuss about  dagblad v/h noorden has this poll every few years , about joining germany , and last time it was almost 50-50 !!!, 
  do not underestimate the close ties between groningers and ostfriesen , while they are unintelligible to the dutch and germans respectively , they understand each other pretty fine , and both feel left behind by their own countrymen , so underdogs stick together . 
  if merkel had a bit more of a putin in her , she could probably hybrid-wf an annexation of ( rural ) groningen in very short time . 
  in the north of the netherlands you have the proud and stubborn frisians , some of whom think they should be ( more ) independent , and the neighboring low saxons ( groningers/drenten ) sometimes think the same or that they should join germany . 
  history has shown that any society that can not keep up with the demographic-economic race will be used as a * resource * by other societies . 
  but maybe we can stay some exception by promise and supply of a distinct and unique product . 
  ;p almost . 
  we had this accident with a crane last year , it fell over and destroyed some houses . 
  there was this huge fit over `` how could this have happened ?!? '', 
  mind you : the only casualty was a dog . 
  very sad of course but still , 1 dog died . 
  the very * same day * ( !!! ), 
  of the accident : the government put together a team to investigate everything !, 
  the people who lost their homes were put in hotels all expenses paid . 
  the construction company 's insurance asked no questions and paid up full sum . 
  etc etc. 
  everything was settled , everything !, 
  some journalist joked `` see this ? 
  as a country we are `` af '' !, 
  ( completed/finished/perfected ) '' but of course when the special commitee was done there were `` all these things which could have been better '' . 
  so - yeah - it 's a great country but we * can * be whiny little bitches sometimes ;p, 
  they are seen as less * progressive * in respect to abortion , euthanasia , immigration , ( soft - ) drug policy , principles of good governance etc. 
  not necessarily * worse * but a bit lagging in many of these things . 
  personally i do n't think east europe needs to conform to west europe in everything , we could very well learn from each other . 
  it 's a difficult topic but take immigration and the refugee-crisis : the best balance between trying to do the most humane thing and protecting your own people 's interests will probably lie somewhere in between swedish/german and polish/hungarian attitudes . 
  pretty good governance , as in : rule of law , transparent , accountable , participatory , consensus oriented , effective and efficient , equitable and inclusive , responsive . 
  always keep an eye on the shifty politicians but all of the regular bureaucrats in their offices honestly try to do a good job . 
  wow !, 
  how can a language have too many vowels and too many consonants ?!, 
  you 'd say they would even out to make for something resembling normal text again . 
  but it does n't !, 
  i 'm sorry , this is just too much ... 
  internally peaceful , realpolitik outward , advocate human rights and sustainability , socially just , economic stagnation , demographic decline . 
  a bit like tolkien elves ;p, 
  for the netherlands : `` we '' in the nls will probably lose some trade and transport if uk actually leaves , which will hurt us as a trade-transport-nation . 
  but a lot of bankers/finan-peeps hope london will lose it 's status and maybe we can get all the business and money-industry to come to a-dam or r-dam . 
  for the eu : then again , to get them we would have to compete with frankfurt and other finan-hubs , which will prolly result in a race to the bottom in tax-havens and `` special deals '' ... 
  so many people hope we will let it slide and * maybe * ... * finally * get some financial reforms done without uk blocking it all as it has done for so long . 
  so on the one hand it can be an opportunity for the rest of the eu to get some badly needed stuff done . 
  on the other hand it is losing a very significant economic , political and military part of the eu . 
  for the feels : it still kinda feels sour . 
  even though uk has been a stick in the eu wheel many times they were our brothers !, 
  ah , well ... 
  i 'll still watch * cash in the attic * , * bed & breakfast uk * and * escape to the country * etc. 
  netherlands , small country but not irrelevant !, 
  at the center of the biggest players of europe . 
  got ta keep everyone happy all the time because our entire economy is dependent on trade and logistics . 
  so we have this one huge need for everyone to stay cool and keep trading . 
  `` the spice must flow ! '', 
  ( or try to stay neutral when the big boys have war and make a fortune trading : s ),
