  not that he really cared , it was a sign of good will towards my mother 's father who was the most devout in the family . 
  and my father 's own father ( protestant ) always said to him `` boy , if you ever want to change religion , just become catholic : it 's a religion on rollerskates . '', 
  i do n't know whether he just meant `` it 's an easy going religion '' or it was actually a reference to the weird fellini movie . 
  anyway , with us here it 's usually the reformed ones who want to smack you around the ears with the bible . 
  the ones who think every disease and dying child is a loving test of god , tv is the devil , laughter and having fun is sinning etc. 
  `` fun '' - fact : it 's usually those same reformed ones who are sneaky backstabbing weasels . 
  they screw everyone over from monday to saturday and are absolved of all sin on sunday , so they can start the week with a fresh conscience and rip people off again . 
  screw those guys . 
  yes . 
  but certainly not in the way fearmongering `` christian '' people like rick santorum portray it . 
  it is under very specified conditions , with every case carefully considered by doctors etc. 
  in the nls we are now considering whether people should be able to ask for euthanisation if they feel like they have lived their life and it has run it 's course and now they are just waiting for death . 
  people who have no direct intolerable suffering but are of very old age , ca n't do anything at all anymore and are just done with it . 
  people who reason `` i have lived a long and full life and it 's good , i 'm done , i 'm ready now , no sense in waiting for an unspecified time doing nothing . '', 
  and i ( and many other dutch ) feel like it 's their natural right . 
  in every phase of your life , in all regards , you get to choose your own fate ( if it 's just about yourself ) : if you feel pain you take a painkiller , if you want to sit you sit , if you want to x you x , no problem right ? 
  so why all of a sudden would it be completely different with respect to dying ? 
  aside of being born , the most fundamental thing about life . 
  why feel like `` no !, 
  when it comes to * dying * we want you to submissively wait for it and have it take you by surprise . 
  we do n't want you to be able to die fully mentally prepared and by your own choice . 
  we want you to await the existential terror , the agony of suffocation or some other way of horrible death throes ! '', 
  that 's just f.u. 
  having the choice is about dying in a loving and civilized way ( surrounded by friends and family ) and about human dignity . 
  you lucky dogs ;p, 
  neither do i think that outspoken christian parties should exist for that matter , even if we still have those at the moment . 
  keep religion and politics separated . 
  religion should be how * you * run * your * life . 
  politics is about how * we * run * our * society . 
  do not mix !, 
  if you ( in this case ) are muslim and you have opinions which you think should enter political debate , strip 'em of religious context and formulate them in a s.m.a.r.t. 
  ( specific , measurable etc. ), 
  political proposal . 
  yeah . 
  i live in groningen and felt one something over a year ago . 
  rumbling like a big truck passing in the street . 
  not that impressive but still  the rest of nls have known floods of course . 
  yup , we do !, 
   somebody once jokingly said the netherlands is * finished * . 
  it is all so extremely well organised , fair , clean etc. 
  new york is mind-boggling to me , such enormous scale of things , very impressive . 
  but not a hair on my head that i 'd want to live there . 
  those german castles tho , damn fine !, 
  he said `` gavelkind '' !!!, 
  crusader kings trigger !!, 
  not on the national level . 
  i love being groninger ( both city and province ) and i 'm a big fan of what the eu could become . 
  `` ingangin '' and `` prent waarkschap '' :d, 
  really ? 
  whu ... ? 
  i had a good laugh because of this !, 
  owh and later , back in the nls , i got a reminder that if i filled in some form etc. 
  i would get money back from the work i did in their country . 
  but i was like : nah man , i got so much from you guys that you can keep the money , but thanks for the gesture . 
  a few weeks later some civil servant had apparently taken it upon himself to do the work for me and i * still * got the money . 
  my house is really small and crowded but if any of you norwegians ever get stranded in groningen and have no place to stay for the night , let me know , i 'll fit you in somewhere , 
  i feel a pretty strong european connection to all our continental neighbors but i specifically love : - germany for being like a big brother ( in a good way ) . 
  - belgium for sharing so much history and language . 
  - denmark for being so much like us in a lot of ways . 
  but special love goes to norway . 
  i spend some time there on work/vacation/backpacking and not only is their country magically beautiful but the people are so incredibly friendly and hospitable . 
  for the most time i worked on a farm on the main land outside tromso but in the weekends i would just go to the city and party and i * never * had to worry about a place to sleep . 
  people everywhere took the initiative and ask whether i ( a complete stranger ) needed some place to stay . 
  it was winter ( and tromso being kinda cold around that time ) so they all just reasoned `` well , you obviously ca n't stay outside because ( everybody constantly drinking ) you 'll freeze to death if you fall asleep outside . 
  so we better drink some more !, 
  and i 'll tow you along when we ca n't drink anymore ! '', 
  it happened * every * time . 
  and they would say `` well , but do n't expect this attitude in oslo , it 's the big city after all ... '' but even in oslo i was warmly welcomed into people 's homes . 
  cheers norway , you the best !, 
  i like all the archaic words for scoundrels and other people who behave mischievous : schavuit , schurk , schoft , schorriemorrie , vlegel , gluiperd , gladjakker etc. 
  also see : http://historiek.net/een-nostalgische-scheldwoordenlijst/43187/#.vqitxvj0c1k ( a list of historical curse words and insults ), 
  i love it !, 
  hmmzz ... only thing i can think of is for all people on a massive scale to stop paying taxes . 
  i 'll bet * that * will raise some hell !, 
  [ edit : just a joke about the french < 3 ], 
  thanks . 
  sometimes i turn into a little eurowarrior . 
  not because i blindly believe in grand projects but i do honestly believe that the eu did some good things and could still do a lot more . 
  they did guerrilla things ? 
  like sabotage and assassinations ? 
  we are talking about better political cooperation by countries which are a lot more alike than they are different . 
  that 's hardly fighting hitler - and stalin-regimes like the resistance of old did . 
  no sense killing people and blowing stuff up because our civil servants want to work together more and better . 
  i 'm not for bowing to a new overlord !, 
  and if the new eu suddenly turns out an oppressive monster we should take it down . 
  but just having our civil servant working together with our neighbors civil servants sounds logical enough . 
  i 'm saying civil servants because it 's them who do all the important work and are the silent 99 % of our societies . 
  politicians are a whole different breed , they talk a lot but in the end it 's the small civil servants behind his desk who we deal with in our lives and who make up 99 % of our government . 
  i read some people here saying things like `` i do n't want swedish politicians making rules here in denmark ! '', 
  or `` i do n't want german politicians making rules here in netherlands ! '', 
  but that 's the whole idea : because at the same time those * danish * politicians will be making * swedish * decisions * too * !, 
  in fact , after a while it will no longer be meaningful to talk about swedish or danish politicians . 
  there will just be * european * politicians . 
  ( still , unfortunately ;p ) we all still choose the best people we know for the job and they 'll be doing the job for all of us . 
  there will be politicians of swedish , danish , polish , dutch ( etc ) * origin * , but that will be all . 
  in poland : of 100 % population , 6 % are hippies , 4 % are gay , 12 % are selfish assholes , 27 % are genuinely cool etc. 
  it 's the same here !, 
  people are on average just more or less the same in most countries , and even more so in european countries . 
  by far most of us just want a nice place to live , maybe a nice car , a healthy family , going on vacation once or maybe even twice a year , we want not having our city bombed and our children raped , we want to live to maybe 80-something years in relative health etc. 
  it 's no rocket science !,
