  it sounds like the `` pick and choose '' scenario i described , which in itself is not a multiculture . 
  you all got to choose your food and speak the preferred languages . 
  i guess you were talking about life in germany ? 
  [ edit : did n't see your flair from reply inbox , sorry  ] more or less like it is in the nls or in the uk . 
  it 's like the societal structure itself is culture-less and any time you step into a restaurant or a shop of some kind you can buy some cultural item or cultural service . 
  but mistake not : once you step outside , you are in a monoculture ( is that the word ? ) . 
  it 's just a bare-bone structure with all the cultural slots opened up for instant consumption . 
  gawd , i hate to see myself writing stuff like this , i really sound like jackass , but still i feel it 's true . 
  show me a successful multicultural society . 
  show me * any * multicultural society for that matter . 
  i 've been living in the netherlands all my life and this term `` multicultural '' has been everywhere , all the time . 
  it 's been spoon-fed to at least the last three generations , not as a good thing , but as the best thing ever !, 
  but honestly i have to say : i 've never seen a multicultural society . 
  not here , not anywhere else in europe , not in the usa . 
  what i do see are either segregated communities within a set area ( people and their cultures , habits , diets , languages etc. 
  lumping together socially and geographically , with all the lumps desperately trying * not * to interact ) or cultural eclecticism ( society just cherry picks whatever suits it ( in a mostly top to bottom process ) from a large range of cultures , it 's origins are thus multicultural but the resulting product is once again homogeneous ) . 
  multiculturalism has never worked and will never work . 
  it ca n't . 
  you can not * all * celebrate * every * culture . 
  for one thing : you would have to praise thousands of gods and heed millions of customs , which would be impossible . 
  you would have to , simultaneously , hold many directly conflicting opinions and truths as true . 
  a complete mental and logistical nightmare . 
  i trust you see the many problems with this . 
  the best you can hope to do , is to have a society which respects ( to a certain reasonable degree ) all cultures and traditions , without feeling the need to adopt them all . 
  and even then you will find you have to make choices between them now and then , just to keep the peace . 
  hmmz , your argument is as brief as it is sound , 
  the usa makes for a formidable ally and can often be trusted to keep it 's promises . 
  and it shares * most * of it 's moral values with us . 
  but do do n't want to be in it 's pocket too much or get pushed around like you 're it 's little b #tch . 
  yeah , we all know it by now but ... sigh ... 
  i guess norway . 
  i 've been to all the scandinavian countries and love 'em all but the lakes and mountains in the area of tromso were like stuff from a fairytale . 
  ( you lucky basterds ! ), 
  but that 's when looking only at nature . 
  if it were for the architecture and other cultural stuff ... ( real tough one , answering this ) , i guess germany . 
  come on czech , i heard you have some truly gorgeous castles , forests and stuff !, 
   ( and brilliant game designers b.t.w. ), 
  thanks for the good laugh !, 
  nls has some absolutely stunning places , 
  owh wait , forgot to actually answer the question . 
  no , even if it 's one of the most densely populated areas of the world , the nls still has room for more people , even without compromising our many nature reservations . 
  we live in relatively small houses ( it 's not considered a bad thing , we are used to it and like it that way ) and our cities are very well planned : in gaming terms you would call it a `` tall '' country instead of `` wide '' ( without it literally all being high rises ) . 
  no overpopulation here , in this tightly organized hive . 
  do i feel the ethnically dutch ought to create more babies ? 
  i do n't want to sound like a racist or anything but - yeah , if we want to better preserve our culture and stuff we 'd better . 
  in the big cities , over 60 % ( 65-70 % or something ) of babies born are of non-dutch ethnicity . 
  it 's not like this is a bad thing in itself or anything , but it * is * rapidly changing our country . 
  and it becomes a bad thing when cultural friction is n't dealt with properly , which it still is n't . 
  according to historians and economists , any society which does not demographically compete with it 's neighboring countries will go into stagnation and , in time , be used `` as a resource '' by it 's neighbors who * do * focus on growing . 
  this is one of the major reasons why overpopulation seems inevitable because no one country wants to be the only one saying `` well , guess we have enough people now , let 's stabilize and try not to grow further . '', 
  compare it to the famous idea of abandoning all the world 's weapons : the first to pick up a stick again will rule all others ... actually , in the nls and many other european countries , we have little problem keeping up birth rates . 
  the only `` problem '' is , these births are predominately of non-native ethnicities . 
  this * may * lead to serious cultural friction . 
  ethnic dutch : please , let 's not think in races and stuff like that anymore . 
  it 's only keeping stereotypes etc. 
  ethnic minority ( or mixed ) : you have to accept my ethnicity as being distinct from yours !, 
  ethnic dutch : okey , so your a little different then . 
  ethnic minority : you f #ckin ' racist !!!, 
  `` life in the netherlands anno 2016 '' i honestly remember a time , some 10-20 years ago , when all race issues were almost but a distant memory from a less civilized past . 
  but lately , all this frikkin ' crap is making a huge comeback and nobody seems to have a solution . 
  i 'm sorry but it really * are * the minorities themselves who are stirring the sh #tpot and once again making issues where there were none . 
  one-drop rule ? 
  no , there used to be none . 
  but in this time of identity politics all of a sudden everybody is grabbing every chance they see to create new `` us '' - es en `` them '' - s and identify with the most improbable group they can think of . 
  ( see : special little snowflakes ? ), 
  you had a grandfather who was half x ? 
  now you are nothing but fullblown x !, 
  and you hate the oppressive bastards who dare to say anything either pro ( because what do * you * know ?! ), 
  * or * contra ( nazi ! ), 
  what happened ? 
  f #ck !, 
  ca n't we all just turn normal again and stop caring about this bs ? 
  you mean the united nations , only with more authority  well , i would !, 
  mcr for the win , you decadent earther !, 
  i know a lot of great people who are americans . 
  seriously , my beef is not with the normal folks . 
  among them are some of the best people in the world . 
  but f #ck your government !!, 
  i would definitely buy less !, 
  and i hope our national gov. 
  and the eu will hit their trade with high tariffs , added carbon taxes , maybe even boycot certain stuff . 
  if the big polluters like the fossil fuel industry have the us gov. 
  in their pocket and have their interests protected from the rest of the world 's dire need to change , we have no choice but to hurt all the other big industries until * they * see their interests hurt enough to start taking action against their golf buddies . 
  that 's what i hope . 
  but it 's usually not recommendable provoking a nation ( the biggest polluter per capita by far ! ), 
  run by corporate interests , which has a ridiculous big military and has shown in the past to have no qualms in aggressively enforcing it 's trade . 
  i would n't be surprised if this is the biggest game of bluff the world has ever seen : without serious dedication to changing our way of production of goods and energy , we 're screwed . 
  * all * of us !, 
  but doing this slows economic growth ( at least in the short run ) . 
  the usa does not want it 's economy to slow down more than it already does because it 's already risking being overtaken by other big players . 
  so this is ( trump 's ? ), 
  big bluff : * you * should all address your economies and do something about the climate , * we * will not ( and there is nothing you can do to make us , see military ) !, 
  in effect they are saying : the usa will stay the world 's economic leader or there will be no world !, 
  yes , a must see the hunebedden !, 
  drenthe is awesome < 3, 
  ain pronkjewail mit golden raand bitches !, 
  groninger here , i 've never been to zeeland or limburg as far as i remember ( or the caribbean ) but i have to the rest . 
  ;d i have a picture , with the abortion thing and all . 
  i come from a catholic family but here in the nls it 's the catholics who are the moderate ones . 
  my mother was catholic and my father changed from protestant to catholic .
