  fuck you and everything you represent . 
  more civilized ? 
  well , i wish coitus upon thee so thou shalt stop posting nonsense on reddit . 
  you have zero clue about what 's going on . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  flooding europe with muslims was our plan to get out of our economic crisis !, 
  alright , fuck it . 
  you 're either a troll , or a bloody idiot . 
  good luck living life in your ignorance if the latter is true . 
  shhhh , you 're ruining our world domination plan :p, 
   so put them on a boat en route to turkey . 
  if they arrive to the shore , then the issue is solved . 
  if they start to sink themselves , it is also solved because turkey will have to rescue them . 
   it turkey can do this , then so can everyone else . 
   you ca n't really do that . 
  it 's considered an act of war   according to the geneva convention , refugees do not have the right to choose a country . 
  it is the first safe country that should process them and harbour them . 
  turkey is a safe country and the country that they are coming from . 
  therefore , the eu has every right to send them back and let turkey deal with any problems of origin . 
  you seem to have misunderstood . 
  you ca n't deport anyone anywhere you wish to . 
  the country of origin needs to be figured out before you do . 
  good luck figuring that out when you get as many refugees daily as greece does . 
  i do n't disagree with the australian approach . 
  the problem is , where will you house them ? 
  greece ? 
  have you asked the greeks ? 
  is there an incentive for greece to take that up ? 
  ( greek islands are heavily dependant on tourism and it 's already hurting them ) . 
  who will enforce that ? 
  as long as there 's no collective solution and there 's a friction of independent motives , it 's not going to happen , i 'm afraid . 
  but german food is awesome t.t, 
  or you can beam them up like star trek . 
  that works as well . 
  are you not sick of typing the same things ad nauseam , i wonder ? 
   yes !, 
  there will be no ping-pong , the turks can not afford an endless ping-pong . 
  and the rest of the eu can finance the greek patrols endlessly ( costs nothing ) if the greeks are only willing to start doing them . 
   if you start patrolling and sending the boats back properly , then the turks are eventually going to make sure that the boats do not set out in the first place . 
  lmao . 
  turkey will not accept them back . 
  you can `` tell them '' to go back , but you ca n't deport them to turkey . 
  and once you do , they 'll sink their plastic boat and you are obligated to rescue them . 
  then , most of them have no papers , you have to process them to figure out country of origin ( which is a logistical nightmare , but you fail to grasp simple geopolitical concepts , so i doubt you 'd be able to grasp that as well ) and then you can deport those that are not legit refugees . 
  but we ca n't control our borders !, 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) not sure if serious , still , funny . 
  no one is saying you are ? 
  and this is how the greek system works folks . 
  yay !, 
  maybe if you were n't a vazelos :p, 
  i 'm pretty sure this was sarcasm , so i do n't get why you 're being downvoted . 
  unless it is n't in which case ... well ... 
  the fact that the turks wo n't accept any refugees back ? 
  edit : i mean of those who already made it to greece . 
  and people living on the islands become german citizens . 
  i could live with that :p ( living in chios ), 
  izmir is awesome . 
  i 'm really surprised by how common some of the idioms are , across different cultures . 
  i think it most probably is age related . 
  at least , judging from what 's going on here , up until , like , the 90s , learning english was not really a thing . 
  only people that were actively pursuing a specific career or something . 
  as the job competition became tougher , people started using it as a means to get an edge . 
  today , ( well , rather , 10 years ago , as i do n't know how the economic crisis changed things in that regard , as this costs a considerable amount of money ) from a very young age , kids start learning english and even a second language ( french or german usually ), 
  you might be on to something . 
  they can then blame the language barrier for dodging questions :p, 
  but she was not trying to compare it . 
  she simply , and clearly , asked if the fact that turkey is in a rough spot gives them a free pass . 
  sg dodged it like a true politician . 
  as a greek , as much as i dislike these violations being routine at this point , i 'd rather not . 
  maybe just make it more known to the rest of the eu . 
  precious little home . 
  yeah , that 's my point as well , turkey considers them disputed , as they do for many other greek islands and islets . 
  but the international community does not . 
  i live in the area , and to be honest , this is quite ridiculous . 
  oh did n't you hear ? 
  that 's also considered turkish soil occupied by greece ( by turkey of course ) so it 's ok . / s, 
  yeah , `` occupied '' . 
  too much erdogan propaganda for you . 
  since when are chios and samos disputed ? 
  fournoi , the islands the jets flew over , are greek , with permanent greek residents . 
  they are not just rocks . 
  holy shit some people are disgusting, 
  so what would happen if someone was to be more `` relaxed '' in situations like these ? 
  would it appear as a negative or as a positive ? 
  yeah that 's what i was thinking about . 
  yeah , i can imagine that being problematic  context is key to everything !, 
  that sounds really really weird :p, 
  even in , like , parties ? 
  even in more formal occasions ? 
  i always wondered that . 
  here , depends on the family . 
  mine never really cared about that , but we did take our shoes off when entering the house . 
  we just did n't demand nor expect guests to also do so . 
  jesus , you go out for a drink , and might end up like this . 
  i do n't consider myself squeamish but this ... this is just horrible :(, 
   actively seek employment it 's not so much that they are not looking for it , it 's that it 's really hard to find , especially in higher levels . 
  i mean , getting a 5 year degree only to end up flipping burgers or making gyros at best does n't sound so enticing , does it ? 
  you can find `` cheap '' houses compared to minimum wage over here , but the hardest part is actually getting a minimum wage job in the first place . 
  also , the standard of living in such places is abysmal . 
  no one in their right mind would do that over here , especially if their family place is nice/has enough room and so on .
