  going to the bank :p sorry , i had to . 
  yep . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable at all . 
  purchasing online is essentially moving capital out of greece . 
  so they froze it . 
  also , with the unstable situation , banks are uncertain on what might happen , so they decline performing the transaction . 
  i agree that there should be a quota per day much like the atms , though and not outright declining them . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's just that recent posts have really rustled my jimmies . 
  yeah , you ca n't pay online , guess what , that 's what capital controls are . 
  yeah , this article wo n't float here , it 's breaking the circlejerk . 
  but hey , the average redditor on / r/europe is more educated on the matter than some random nobelist , who cares . 
   greece needs its own version of the irs there is a version of the irs . 
  the problem is it 's dysfunctional and plagued by `` under the table '' deals . 
  i agree it 's kinda stupid , but on the other hand , it 's not like your military ( and ours for that matter ) is not provoking such thoughts . 
  yeah , especially when said submarines are listing :p, 
   they should be hung in syntagma square as an example . 
  i 'm being called a fascist when i mention that :(, 
  also , his mother was from epirus , and a ( supposedly ) descendant of neoptolemus , son of achilles . 
  but , well ... 
  if someone understands the situation in the ancient world , they 'd know he 's not greek . 
  in the sense that greece was n't exactly a `` thing '' back then . 
  a nice distinction i 've seen mentioned in some journals is `` not greek but hellene '' as in belonging in the hellenistic sphere . 
  i suggest you stop stating facts . 
  this sub is allergic to them . 
  mostly because of this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_macedonia but , to be honest , it 's kinda funny . 
  they 're building statues and ancient greek style buildings in their capital . 
  personally , i do n't much care , so long as the above remains an irredentism . 
   i like to call alexander ` alexander the former yugoslav republican of macedonia , ' and i suggest everyone spread this usage . 
  is there a joke i 'm missing ? 
  nah , it 's state funded , something about creating job opportunities . 
  i just use my helicopter , duh . 
  i bought this specific yacht for that reason . 
  also helis are government funded here , everyone has one . 
  you 're on to us !, 
  sorry , i ca n't hear you , my yacht is an older model and megan fox is too loud when performing fellatio . 
  i have a more elegant solution . 
  mass kidnap greeks , sell organs to rich patients . 
  3 % of the sale goes for the greek debt , 97 % covers operation expenses . 
  sir , i do n't know your personal beliefs . 
  and , frankly , i do n't care . 
  but , i have to say , you are one of the last bastions of logic on this subreddit and that is commendable . 
  you do realize that the 2004 olympics where the proverbial nail on greece 's coffin , right ? 
  this is the major ( and in my humble opinion , only ) danger of the referendum , really . 
  people are so divided , a slight victory of either side will unleash a torrential shitstorm , i 'm afraid . 
  at the very least , i expect rioting in athens . 
  i hope i get proven wrong . 
  edit : words . 
  the only form of negotiation ( in terms of accepting austerity or not ) was when papandreou initially signed with the imf . 
  and even then , he wanted to pose a similar referendum , which did n't happen . 
   one has to admit that varoufakis style of `` negotiation '' is probably very popular in greece . 
  ah i see it now , there 's no point in replying to you . 
  good day . 
  the basis was to negotiate . 
  not succeed . 
  previous governments did n't even do that . 
  they just signed whatever the imf/eu threw at them . 
  so what ? 
  they tried . 
  unlike previous governments . 
  welp , this will be my first , and hopefully only , reddit shitpost : fuck off . 
  syriza has been elected on the basis of no more austerity and better negotiations . 
  they 're doing what they were elected to do . 
  these are the consequences . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  when did the eu turn into cold war-era us ? 
  lately all i 'm seeing is `` damn the commies '' and `` this commie this '' `` this commie that '' . 
  `` democracy '' , yeah right . 
  also , itt : people taking propaganda bait and hook . 
  and here i thought only greece had it bad . 
  disclaimer : i did n't vote for syriza . 
  i do n't know what i 'm going to vote for tomorrow . 
  but they sure as all hell handled this better than samaras and all the previous governments that not only drove greece into the ground , but also profited heavily off of it . 
  erm , no . 
  maybe as an outsider this is what you 're led to believe . 
  it 's the yes movement that 's based on fear . 
  as it should be . 
  because a no vote is a move into the unknown . 
  syriza on the other hand has been repeating over and over that a no vote does n't necessarily mean a ez exit . 
  to put the matter into perspective there 's a running joke atm : if you vote no : the cyclades will freeze . 
  the sea will sink . 
  the dodecanese will become 7 in number . 
  and so on . 
  you get the idea . 
  why do people ask me ? 
  :p it 's just a cool way to show the demonstration . 
  i imagine they changed it in order to appear less like a propaganda outlet . 
  i have stopped reading yt comments for some time now . 
  [ this one is cooler :d ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zdjy9s4rq4 ), 
  there 's a complete translation somewhere in this thread , 
  there 's a complete translation of the brackets somewhere in this thread . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to analyze it like that . 
  higher education people might have a higher income for example , which in turn makes them more favorable to yes . 
  it 's not so simple . 
  the other way , nai is yes , oxi is no :p, 
  well you get what i mean . 
  you have access to worldwide press , unlike tv/newspapers . 
  who said anything about social media ? 
  i mean , the internet mostly . 
  the problem with the tv/newspapers is it 's that there 's a limited amount of info .
