  [ yet , they supported yes . 
  ] ( http://ekloges.ypes.gr/current/e/public/index.html?lang=en# { `` cls '' : `` level '' , `` params '' :{ `` level '' : `` dhm '' , `` id '' :9217 } } ) why ? 
  because the crisis has affected them less , or not at all . 
  the whole thing was essentially class based . 
  the haves ( less affected by austerity , who profited off the corruption of former governments ) vs the have nots . 
  there is some generalization in this post , of course , along with anecdotes as already mentioned , and of course there are exceptions . 
  but this is how i , and all the ( young ) people i know , understood the political/social aspect of the referendum . 
   wrong again !, 
  no such resignation had been stated explicitly by tsipras . 
  the only person who promised to resign in the case of yes was varoufakis !, 
  ( and he resigned in the case of no , too , so obviously that whole thing was for show , it was already decided would have just resigned anyway . ), 
  members of his party and his coalition allies both argued that tsipras should remain in position . 
  are you seriously saying this was n't the case ? 
  even after all the pressure on how tsipras should resign in case of a yes ? 
  dixon , fofi , kaminhs , to name a few publicly asked for his resignation in case of a yes . 
  http://www.imerisia.gr/article.asp?catid=26533&amp;subid=2&amp;pubid=113584178 the possibility was very real . 
   i never said `` damn commies '' and are you seriously denying that golden dawn are neonazis ? 
  seriously ? 
  if so please state this denial explicitly , so i can screenshot it and wayback machine it . 
  i never denied golden dawn being neonazis , just pointed out the irony in you playing the victim card when you practice the very same rhetoric . 
  ad hominem attacks like that just wo n't cut it . 
  one thing i forgot to mention in my previous post : i 'm not bashing the opposition for their different views . 
  merely stating that i 'd rather have to queue for foodstamp lines than ever see them in power again . 
  they are corrupt , treacherous and brought us to this point . 
  enough with the old corrupted system . 
  this is what the no vote meant , politically , and to think otherwise is delusional . 
  she did make a face . 
  might just be me , though . 
  edit : rewatch it , she clearly has some negativity . 
  `` these used to be prime cows from france , and used to be more , those are from romania , that 's just cause they do n't have enough money '' in a sad tone . 
  i can see how the romanians who started this thread might be a bit upset , do n't you ? 
  edit 2 : i 'm not saying it 's intentional , she might have wanted to just show sorrow . 
  but it can rub people the wrong way . 
  not the ones i know , no . 
  small sample , anecdote , i know , but hey . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jul/07/eurozone-calls-on-athens-to-get-serious-over-greece-debt-crisis full article along with the story . 
  basically , no greek person is saying anything about romanian beef , she is ( and she 's not greek and neither should pose such opinions as a journalist , but that 's a different matter ) . 
  not much to see here , really . 
  i do n't mind the downvotes because of my opinion . 
  although against rediquette , it 's common on reddit . 
  i do get irritated when the downvotes are simply because of my flair , though . 
  why greeks might be mad ? 
  because those butchers buy romanian beef ( which is cheaper ) and still sell it at premium prices . 
  also , the girl is named phoebe greenwood and is not greek ( not that it matters , just for clarity 's sake ) . 
  greeks wo n't necessarily mind where the beef is from ( i personally buy the cheapest i can find , because i do n't really care , and i * think * it 's from turkey ) as long as it 's reflected on the price . 
  of course , generalizing on an entire nation like that is kinda flawed . 
  edit : ah the downvotes again . 
  why do i even bother ? 
   all the parties nd , former pasok and potami mainly . 
  so the two parties that bled greece to death and one controlled by the biggest media mogul . 
  right . 
   but it was your bloody referendum !, 
  you are the ones you wanted it !, 
  yeah the referendum was clearly a decision of the average greek citizen . 
   his rhetoric we are hearing here in greece is that everyone who voted ` yes ' is a ` germanotsolias ' ( a collaborator of the ww2-era nazi conquerors ) . 
  i 've lost count of how many times i 've heard of the hangman 's ` nooses ' that await us supposed traitors . 
  now you fucking speak about the ` old political system ' , as if syriza and the fascists of anel and the neonazis of golden dawn are n't the deepest and sickest part of the old political system , a magnification of its most vile portion , rather than something new , well , you just contradicted yourself . 
  on one hand you blame the no people for the germanotsolias rhetoric , on the other you do the same thing with the `` damn commies '' `` nenonazis '' rhetoric . 
  irony much ? 
  there is but one truth : if the yes had won , then the current government would have to resign . 
  which means moving on to a provisional government . 
  one consisting of nd , pasok , potami , mainly . 
  but , no , please keep saying how there 's no political agenda behind it . 
   as if you did n't always enjoy the immunity the old political system and supported it back likewise . 
  speak for yourself . 
  edit : european media tomorrow : greeks online now say yes !, 
  at the time of my posting it was getting buried  honestly , i 'm surprised . 
  yeah , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  you might hear different opinions on the stance on europe , even among no supporters . 
  but if you ask the political ramifications of the no votes i 'm sure you 'll get the same responses . 
  your guess is as good as mine , info right now is not so clear . 
  my understanding is , they did n't have the full plan but a framework which they presented today . 
  full plan expected by the eu officials later today/tomorrow . 
   but i am sure if i ask 10 people that voted no , i will get at least 5 different answers . 
  regarding the stance on europe ? 
  sure . 
  but regarding the political situation ? 
  unlikely . 
  most of the younger greeks speak multiple languages . 
  the problem lies in the lack of any form of capital . 
  you ca n't move to another country without either some connections or some initial capital . 
  greeks made proposals last week , just before the referendum . 
  creditors dismissed them without consideration , saying they need to wait for the referendum results . 
  greek side , today , brought the same proposals ( that were never considered in the first place ) , allegedly . 
   that is what actually happened . 
  they went there empty-handed and the new finance minister gave a presentation . 
  not sure if sarcasm or not . 
  how can you present something that supposedly `` does n't exist '' ? 
  you guys do n't really get the referendum , at least not the stuff behind the lines . 
  it 's not a simple yes/no answer to a moderately complex question . 
  the yes side of it ( and the implications around it ) are basically the old political system in greece trying to force syriza to quit . 
  all those people that drove greece to this position . 
  there were huge political implications behind it . 
  nato itself has insisted multiple times that further military cuts should not happen . 
  there are some volatile situations , also keep in mind defence budget is not necessarily war-time stuff but also border controls , and the like . 
  and this is the seuddeutsche zeitung report : http://www.sueddeutsche.de/wirtschaft/griechenland-das-sind-die-neuen-vorschlaege-aus-athen-1.2554715 at this point take everything with a grain of salt and wait for official reports . 
  sources are contradicting themselves . 
  one of the news sites i grew to trust is reporting this ( sauced by sueddeutsche zeitung ) . 
  http://news247.gr/eidiseis/politiki/ti-provlepei-h-nea-ellhnikh-protash-poy-paroysiazetai-sto-eurogroup.3564632.html google translate pretty much gets it right . 
  no-one said anything about your opinion , much like my own opinion is that the article wo n't float here .
