  on the internet , you can pretty much see every pov . 
  the vote is nigh !, 
  in all seriousness , i doubt we 'll see any proper analysis by tomorrow . 
  edit : til even if there was a better analysis , they ca n't publish it by law . 
  while completely true , these polls are the only indication we have so far , and the only basis for such a discussion . 
  other than that , we can only wait for the real results . 
  the fact that the yes/no is heavily politicized does n't help either . 
  well . 
  i ca n't promise for nazis ( shit is really hitting the fan right now , and it 's quite common in times like these for such phenomena ) . 
  i certainly do n't want nazis to be elected . 
  but at the same time , i also do n't want the same people that brought us to this ( and profited off of it in the meantime ) to even be close to power . 
   effectively dividing the greek people this has already happened . 
  and frankly , your predictions are not too far off . 
  greece has always been a divided nation in terms of politics . 
  yeah , you 're totally correct . 
  we should support the very people that brought us here , instead . 
  well , given that the drachma is not so ancient as most people here think , you 'd be surprised . 
  anyone above 25 has lived with the drachma ( myself included ) . 
  middle-lower class supports the no , still . 
  also , keep in mind , no does n't necessarily mean drachma . 
  nope , the propaganda is heavily directed towards yes . 
  also extreme media propaganda . 
  younger people tend to not rely on tv/newspapers as much . 
  projections show zero solution even up to 2030 . 
  why would a young person want to be indebted ( even more so for something they did n't participate in ) for the rest of their life ? 
  alright , what do you think about my question , then ? 
  i 'm not trying to get anything out of it , i 'm genuinely curious . 
  i want to pose a very simple question . 
  do you think the eurogroup would agree on the terms proposed by the tsipras government initially if they were n't a leftist party ? 
  what are the thoughts about it in germany ? 
  [ does that work for you ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/30/greek-debt-troika-analysis-says-significant-concessions-still-needed ) if not now , then again in 2030 . 
  and then , what ? 
  more austerity measures ? 
  i think leaving the eu completely is unlikely . 
  if they do anything of the short it would be a ez exit ( adopting dual currency ) . 
  i guess time will tell . 
  and yes , it would hinder it . 
  the main issue is n't the language , many if not most of the younger greeks speak multiple languages . 
  the main issue is a lack of initial capital ( since the cost of living is usually much higher ) . 
  i meant to say emigrating , as someone pointed out , needed more coffee at the time . 
  though , to be honest , if shit really hits the fan ... 
  yeah , i needed more coffee at the time . 
  however , now that you mention it , in a case of a complete eu exit ( unlikely , but who knows at this point ) , it would n't really make that much of a difference . 
  as someone in his twenties , and i see it a lot in my cycles , desperation to the point of idgaf anymore . 
  we 're just in for a wild ride atm . 
  the future looks bleak , many ( younger ) people are thinking about immigrating . 
  whatever happens , the next 10 or so years ( basically my generation 's `` peak '' ) are going to be hell . 
  personally , i 'm thinking of simply abandoning ship . 
  i have a few options , thankfully . 
  rotate the symbol 90 degrees anticlockwise . 
  that 's my guess . 
  i still subconsciously call it papaki even though it makes no sense to me . 
  i guess , if you turn it 90 degrees anticlockwise ... dunno the origins tbh . 
  [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/02/greece-violence-refugees-riot-forced-return-to-turkey ) though i live in chios , i 've heard about it in the news . 
  the media are blowing it a bit out of proportion . 
  i ca n't help but feel a bit worried , however . 
  was surprised it did n't hit the frontpage of / r/europe yesterday , given the usual sentiments around here . 
   a courthouse that 'll do in a pinch . 
   well , either they 're so nice you think they 're japanese , or they 're so loud you immediately know they 're from here : / pretty much , yeah :p, 
   spain : we do not care who you are or from where you come from , if you are very white and do n't speak spanish or portuguese or italian you are a guiri , which means you only come to get drunk and piss on spain 's laws . 
  but i can speak fake spanish , does that count ? 
  i was going to say brits , but on second thought ... 
  i 'd go with chinese . 
  it 's a gross generalization , i know , but most of the times , they are rude and loud . 
  edit : especially in public transports . 
  at least the brits have a hangover during the daytime , and many of them are fun to party with . 
  he 's purposefully ignoring both points ( that you ca n't return them if the country they came from does n't agree to take them back and that you ca n't `` secure '' the aegean like you can a land border ) , where exactly do you expect this discussion to lead to ? 
  ew no, 
  yeah i know , though in the case of my mother , it 's more likely she just did n't want me feeling cold :p, 
   also you can `` get the wolf '' - `` dosta\u0107 wilka '' when you sit on cold stones or concrete . 
  we get `` stomach pains '' if we sit on cold stones or concrete . 
  * woooosh *, 
  yeah we do . 
  even freaking medical personnel ( usually older ) say that as well ... my mother is a doctor , and yet , she still used to insist i wear a jacket so i do n't `` catch a cold '' . 
  yes and no . 
  the problem with sweden , in my humble opinion , is not how it 's running things . 
  it 's how deeply rooted within their people the rule that `` this is how we run things '' is . 
  my opinion is this : why ? 
  why are swedish people doing this ? 
  why are they doing this to themselves ? 
  i am not a right-winger , but nor am i in agreement with sweden 's pc stance . 
  it stops being a matter of principle when your citizens are threatened . 
  yes , i come from a country that 's fucked up . 
  but you ca n't . 
  because we , and the rest of the world , are looking up to you . 
  tolerance does n't have to be and is n't wrong . 
  tolerance to that extent , however ... 
  i dunno , will they ? 
  can the gun owner know beforehand ? 
  would you take the chances ? 
  ( considering we 're talking small crime here ) . 
  and neither can the criminals themselves know . 
  however , there 's one thing for certain : you do not mentally prepare yourself for an attack , when on the receiving end . 
  the attackers , on the other hand , do . 
  edit : my opinion on this has nothing to do with my my opinion on gun regulation in the eu . 
  he 's supposedly blessing the waters , and the one that retrieves it first is honored and gets good luck and i do n't even know what else . 
  are you daft ? 
  i honestly cba at this point ,
