iberia is composed of spain , portugal and andorra , i 'm not sure if any part of france belongs south of the pyrenees ( too lazzy to google it ) . 
  iberia is like a poorer version of california , fruit and vegetables are grown , sun is abundant , i mean , the weather is pretty much the same , but we do n't have the silicon valley xd, 
  ok , ok do n't be mad at me , i would n't want my country to be filled with spanish people either , but then again , they just could n't conquer us , mainly because of our english perpetual ally 's , otherwise we would n't be portugal today , the spanish nation is simply more powerful . 
  it 's just how it is , it would also be unfair for them to not have a voice , just because they are russian !, 
  the way i see it , the only way for both of the communities to be happy is to smoke some weed and give less of a fuck to the government . 
  the way i see it if 100 russians and 75 lavians live in latvia , the russian people must and should have 100/75 power, 
  the portuguese went on to discover new lands and seas , but we also started the atlantic slave trade , no one talks about that much , the africans magically appeared in america, 
  netherlands ? 
  a kind of `` switzerland '' but without all the money, 
  brits are so ambitious !, 
  just lay back and let germany and france decide which one has the bigger dick , meanwhile visit portugal , and have some beer , fuck that shit !, 
  elections !, 
  mother fuckers, 
  yes , for portugal 's side atleast , wwi , we were there for that , were n't we ? 
  also wwii azores were lent and salazar did n't join his `` side '' of the war , salazar 's regime was align more with the germans and italians than with the west . 
  god dammit , victory for our superior overlords yet again !, 
  well , when you eat ` food ' you do n't get sick . 
  soup every day is a staple in southern nations , that is potatoes and greens and water , it fills you up , so you end up eating less shit ( fatty meats and fried foods ) . 
  we also eat tons of pork , witch if well fed are generally lean and tasty . 
  my favourite food is rice and duck cooked in the oven , it 's so tasty because we raise the ducks ourselves on our family field , it 's a small field near santar\u00e9m , portugal , but it 's enough to have chickens , ducks , rabbits , and also pigeons , all the above with a diet of corn and grass . 
  the oats ( grass ) is also produced on a field near us by my father . 
  so yeah , that 's how you stay healthy , do n't buy your food , raise it . 
  they are getting huge immigration and 80 % of immigrants really want to work hard and prosper , america , brazil , argentina , built by immigrants , growing every year , more and more ... 
  they told people on tv that drunk driving and/or speeding is dangerous , atleast that 's what happened in portugal , also , mandatory vehicle inspections and it 's harder to get a licence . 
  ye but the russians need our goodies too , it 's not like it 's a one way trade ... we do n't buy their gas we develop production in africa , there are tons of unexploited resources there , europe has the human and financial capital to it fast , what about russia , can they produce the best wine in the world , or the best cheese , what about beer ? 
  those fuckers would regret invading ukraine when their j\u00e4germeister runs out , muahaha , well , time to polish my grand fathers hunting shotgun , but i doubt the come all the way to portugal , demm russia warmongering fucks . 
  war, 
  i do n't think russian wa n't to fuck with unemployed pigs , yes , lot 's of disposable youngsters we have . 
  lol , they should pay us for the free ride to america and tropical goodness , instead of poverty and starvation on the african shitland . 
  summer industry , everything from processing crops to cork , olive oil , wine , is done at this time . 
  if you need to rent you basically have to go to a poor shitty country , like mine ( portugal ) . 
  the only way to take our land is to kill us all . 
  i mean , i would rather die than give up on my motherland . 
  i think what portugal needs is more immigration . 
  it would increase demand and the economy would grow . 
  we have acres of unused arable land , great well irrigated productive soil just waiting for entrepreneurs and capital . 
  i do n't mind immigrants , overall they are people who wa n't to work and to build a life . 
  i 'm portuguese and besides the crises and impoverishment we still have a good quality of life , this means i have access to clean water , food , appliances , good infrastructure , security ( portugal is pretty safe , not much violent crime ) . 
  also , we have much less purchasing power than we had a few years ago , but people are still able to live a decent life if they can get work . 
  obviously i 'm not unemployed , neither are my parents and siblings , that 's because my parents made the sacrifice of working jobs no one else want 's and they put us trough school to get a decent education . 
  portugal , england , scotland , wales are the same , are there any others ? 
  portugal is so sunny , even in winter . 
  no fishing in the mexican golf , how much is that worth ? 
  coal is dirty, 
  fertile land + fishery industry ( big ocean all around ) = food abundance = cheaper food = more people, 
  i do n't think the influx of these people will be good for any country in europe , mainly because of the cultural chasm between european and islamic values , but , we are not ruled by hitler and even if they are young men , and not children and women as `` all '' refugees are portrait to be , they ca n't be sent back to syria ( if they are syrians ) . 
  i saw on the internet the `` island '' idea from an egyptian billionaire , send all the refugees to an island in the mediterranean , give them resourses and let them do their thing away from us , this , for me , island or land somewhere , is the second best thing , the best thing would be to train those young man , make some regiments , commanded by western generals , and send them back , to fight for their , i mean , i would die for my countryman , would n't they ? 
  lol, 
  why would you want to segregate such a great community ? 
  you sneaky german guy , do you want a third beating ? 
  with such an ancient land , wound ' t spain have much more wealth of natural resources ? 
  minerals , i 'm thinking . 
  post eu boom , hardwork + european support = prosperity, 
  well , english is the most spoken language on the continent , one could argue that english is effectively the de facto international language , thank 's to the british . 
  i thing europe is way more fertile and rich in natural resources than australia , but australia , probably way has more resources per capita . 
  i love the feeling of being in 40\u00ba sun and then going into 10\u00ba water , it 's fucking refreshing , i just jump into it , it 's an orgasmic feeling of relief . 
  and , in portugal you can also enjoy the proper night life of a western open minded first world nation , yes , this means pussy , free , easy , hot , pussy :d, 
  dude , if you wa n't to have a good job migrate north , if you want to have a great vacation , visit portugal , spain , italy , greece , and any of the existing mediterranean resorts , we are so diverse around the continent , we have everything here , no need to go to crazzy third world countries , or disease ridden south america . 
  this is not an official wiki , i bet , and it 's probably written by someone who is either trying to make battlefield 1 look bad , or someone who is mentally retarded , and if so , we ca n't judge, 
  there things are a cash cow , for whoever installs them , they did n't even warn the residents , how are they supposed to have information about the hypothetical resident card you speak of , that does not exist in portugal , it 's usually from x time to x time that it is free , if you come home for lunch you have to pay , if you are on vacation you have to pay , if you forget , you pay a ticket , it 's fucked up, 
  it was smart of him to increase taxes on booze and tobacco , and other useless , superficial items that people with money buy , and use that money to increase peoples revenues promoting more consumption and more growth . 
  i did n't know there were so many murders in portugal . 
  weird , else the more you move south , the more murders there are , i would say it would have something to do with warm south and cold north , but look at eastern europe ... 
  americans would be unable to vote , that 's why they only have 1 choice , whatever is `` cool on tv '', 
  indeed , eu is already embracing renewable energy , but even if our energy sources become 100 % `` clean '' renewable , it 's not enough . 
  i 'm from portugal and in fact although there are less and less rainy days , it certainly rains a lot in those days . 
  but i do n't think global warming will change the climate in such a way that human life becomes impossible , like it 's portrait in the media . 
  i think countries like usa , china and india will eventually , and on time , present the creative ideas we need to solve this problem , we surely have enough people and resources to do anything we can think of , the bottleneck is out thinking capability , and , that 's sad . 
  dude , some people still believe in an invisible men in the sky that wants you to fly a plane into 3k people , does global warming really seem implausible to you , even when it has been proven and it 's effects are already visible all over the world ( weather caos ) . 
  yes , i understand that , i did n't meant the temperature , i meant the livable area . 
  i see , but the living conditions there would improve ? 
  the world `` average '' would still be the same . 
  if he is not the `` eu president '' then this post is wrong , if the post has 2276 upvotes , than 2276 acknowledge that the post is accurate and are nitwits by your definition , so , you are insulting 2000 for not knowing wtf is the eu president . 
  mo\u00e7arria , santar\u00e9m , portugal , there is an olive tree there that has a stair inside it 's trunk , so , i 'm willing to bet there are dozens of those all over portugal , ancient people really liked their oil, 
  why do n't we elect the president ? 
  this is bullshit . 
  german president 100 %, 
  i 'm not sure an united europe would be in the interest of the rest of the world , europe would probably start forcing regulation outside it 's borders , yes , economic warfare . 
  i honestly think that the over regulate of activities in europe is good for us , citizens , because products are made safe and viable , but it is bad for our companies , because they have to compete with unregulated businesses in asia . 
  when it does rain , it rains a lot , and had several rainy weeks this year , i would say we are having an average winter . 
  the water canals are still flowing into the rivers , that means the soil is well soaked literally everywhere . 
  the deer will not go to waste , besides , hunting is part of being human, 
  we are also the biggest economy in the world , so we are in fact paying our fair share, 
  is this for real ??!, 
  does this not cause the rain to be toxic ? 
  is n't the coin minted that way to celebrate the winning of the euro cup ? 
  maybe i got this image wrong , if i offended you i 'm sorry , i found it arrogant if they were minted before france actually won to celebrate victory , i mean , you had germany , italy , spain , portugal competing ... 
  they kind of are , buying most of our bankrupt public companies , i 'm sure they will make money of it , but could get more for the same investment, 
  my god , how much arrogance, 
  i go to the bathroom wash my hands every time i have to use somebody else computer at work , also i wash my hands every time i go the bathroom , if i 'm peeing i wash my hands before , if i 'm taking a shit i wash my hands after, 
  it 's just a consequence of portugal 2020 , an investment program fed mainly by eu money , i would argue that most of these companies will not have a future in the long run , once the money dries out , but still , it 's nice to read news like this , at-least people are taking risks and putting eu money to good use . 
  lol , you have a [ portuguese military presence !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo_force ) in kosovo since 1999 and somehow you do n't know who we are , well we are the ones that waste taxpayers money to keep serbia from fucking you over . 
  porto is indeed one of the most underrated cities in europe . 
  burning trees for power ??? 
  deforestation in brazil does not in any way produce power , their renewable power is from the dams they have , some of them massive . 
  and the map looks accurate , i wonder whats the datasource ? 
  and the punch would probably still been acceptable had he stayed to help the drunk american after `` securing '' him . 
  where did all the jews go ? 
  wtf , i never buy eggs at the supermarket anyways , almost all of my food comes from my grandmother 's farm ... fucking dutch greedy mother fuckers ...
