  wtf some years ago , farmers where pouring milk down the road for being too cheap , they could not sustain their farms , and now , there is no fucking butter ?? 
  greece and italy and iberia are responsible for modern western civilization as we know it , and then the dutch , brits and finally the americans . 
  ahahahah except for ww2 , but that 's ok , since you are basically the engine of modern europe , i guess it was well played . 
  ahahaha , you guys just got the land out of the ocean , we have no expectations, 
  that internet bandwidth certainly deserves to be in the top . 
  yes , after 25 , banks start charging to keep your money . 
  it 's just a shame , if they kept westernizing , they would be a great european partner . 
  the polish winged hussars made sure of that !!, 
  good luck with that . 
  in portugal we do n't have them anymore , the police can just look it up on the laptop, 
  easy , instead of criminals they are treated as sick people , guess what , they are healed from addiction and become normal people again , i think even a child could get to that conclusion, 
  europe united by diversity, 
  immigrants should just leave the uk en masse , then the brits would realize that they wo n't be able to fill those jobs and that they actually depend on those hardworking immigrants , it 's sad , but the uk is no more . 
  the / stands for or , however there are courses that are both useless and easy , and depending on the university you are studying at , a complex course like psychology can be dumbed down so much , that the only value of taking that course is to call yourself a psychologist . 
  some people always choose easy / useless courses like , here in portugal there are literally hundreds of unemployed psychologists , because they are into that , and they do n't care about employability . 
  follow your dreams is all fine , but at the end of the day you need to be able to take care of yourself , you ca n't just rely on your partner for everything . 
  it 's not the schools , it 's the parenting, 
  come to iberia / greece , no stabbing , the only danger is drinking yourself to death . 
  probably the map represents the temperature anomaly , not the temperature itself . 
  is it not buddy ? 
  cheaper quality european goods for the japanese . 
  cheese 40 % tariff ? 
  eu has best cheese , so anything with cheese in it will be cheaper . 
  on an usual day i have about a liter of wine , i once drank 3 bottles of wine while at a bar with my brother , no food just booze, 
  no , that 's just one place , the rest of the beaches are pretty tame , do n't scare the tourists bro !, 
  it 's not like every beach has 20 meters high killer waves . 
  it 's the kingdom parliament , we used to be a kingdom . 
  scotland is as much of a country as portugal and greece and italy !, 
  come on dude , nuestros hermanos have more consistent heat , also , spain has the best ternera, 
  scotland and united ireland ? 
  and poorer . . 
  i remember when i was a kid and spent all my summer vacations outside playing with my neighbors , could n't do that now for sure , since the 2000 's every year summer is getting hotter and hotter , when will this phase pass !!!, 
  best way to lose water weight , go for a run in 40\u00ba sun , do not do it if you are super overweight or are otherwise not fit at all , i went for a run and my shirt got so wet i squealed the water out of it , and , when my face dried i had salt all over my skin, 
  i see , i usually have my vodka in the freezer and it has never frozen . 
  i do n't know how to calculate the ratio volume of alcohol to freezing point temperature . 
  you ca n't freeze vodka into popsticles, 
  in portugal they can wear whatever they want , and they do n't want to come because we are poor , the ones that came even ran away after given an house , and a minimum income, 
   o pines are not native to iberia , oaks and birch are , pines and eucalyptus are farmed, 
  paper industry is worth billions . 
  dude , you can burn branches during the rainy seasons , the google earth image is clearly taken in the winter , she is wearing polar long sleave shirt , there was a thunderstorm yesterday , no rain , just thunder , and it has n't rain for 2 months in most regions , it 's like smoking while pouring gas . 
  yes but the 51 reading was probably going in the car , my car read 46\u00ba in santar\u00e9m , i sarted driving and it went down to 42\u00ba, 
  ship that water to europe , your exports would rise considerably . 
  the houses ( atleast mine ) are pretty cool even without ac , you just can not go outside . 
  in the winter it 's impossible to be in house without the fireplace going but still , it 's pretty cozy . 
  i aprove this message , spring is probably the best time of the year , the beach is cold but if you go inland , at pluvial beaches you can get 25 - 30\u00ba temps while refreshing in cool spring water, 
  do n't leave your car under the sun , the metal will hold heat and the temperatures given by the car 's thermometer are not real, 
  i do n't have ac , power bill too dam high just with the fridge tv computer washing machine, 
  this fire was caused by yesterdays dry thunderstorm , and the people that died were traveling in a road when the cars got caught by the fire . 
  the animals handle it better than us , just give them some shade and water and they will be fine, 
  so the core is portugal , spain , france , italy , belgium , netherlands , luxembourg , germany , austria , slovenia and slovakia . 
  the others are part of but kind of isolated ... 
  yes , but for that , the spaninsh word is the only one i know off . 
  i worked for a spanish company , in ciudad rodrigo , and the spanish would come in at 6 - 7 an leave at lunch hour , obviously !, 
  when i came back from lunch the office was all mine and the poor spanish guy who had to work with me instead of going home ( i 'm programmer from portugal and i was working for a spanish company ) xd . 
  it 's was unthinkable to be outside more than 10 minutes during the mid day hours . 
  the thing is , during the winter , things do n't get that much better , it 's so fucking cold in the very same place that you have 40\u00bas every day in the summer , you have -10 5\u00ba in the winter , it 's fucked up ... 
  bro , for us , chilly is 10\u00ba to 20\u00ba , for them , that 's summer . 
  0\u00ba in portugal ( scalabis ) is a fucking blizzard , news go out , etc. . . !!, 
  the agricultural sector is strategic to national sovereignty . 
  paper from eucalyptus forests it 's like 5 % of gdp . 
  pines are used for their timber but also too feed resins into our chemical industry , anything from special cements used at bridge cornerstones , or printer paint , or any paint for that matter uses resins from the pine forest . 
  so , sure the east is poor compared to the standard of living of the west ( portugal ) , but it 's the east and south that provide the raw materials for the industries and services that ultimately add value to those materials . 
  shit , this is not rocket science is it ? 
  when i go to the beach i use as much sun scream when the temperature is 25\u00ba as when it is 40\u00ba , if you think about it , especially in the summer , the sun is there , it is burning regardless of the nice ocean breeze that works like a giant ac near the beaches . 
  oh , and you know what , you sure as fuck can get the worst sunburn ever on a summer spanish cloudy day . 
  so always wear sunscream , especially if your skin does n't tan well , here in the south people mostly start get their tan pretty easily this means we can use a lower protection sunscream , if you are white , and i mean white not caucasian , you better use that factor 50 stuff . 
  nivea is my brand of choise , but there are plenty of them . 
  is that what the so called `` siesta '' is ? 
  for me  15\u00ba is tshirt weather , unless it 's not sunny , if it 's not sunny i will wear 3 layers with 15\u00ba xd , sun is life bitches . 
  iberia has top weather in europe , it 's the only reason i did n't emigrate yet , northern europe has shitty weather , i do n't even know how you guys exercise year round when it 's always cold as fuck except in the summer ... 
  probably my arab drop of blood !, 
  i need the sun or i 'm not as happy !, 
  except for our gdp !, 
  cork , paper , pines , pigs , cows , sheep , goats , grain , firewood etc. . . all of that is mostly on the shitty to live areas , and that 's why we still invest in all of portugal , because the wealth of nation is not uniformly represented by the way the populations is distributed . 
  here in santar\u00e9m , portugal , we usually get 40 - 47\u00ba temperatures in the summer , but at the beach is always 30\u00ba something , so it 's good at the beach . 
  spain , has a lot of inner land , and iberia is hot as fuck in the summer , i have no idea how the people in madrid and central iberia `` go to the beach '' . 
  we just have to drive for an hour where i live . 
  i bet it 's one of the reasons for the desertification of portugal interior , being far from the good life ( aka atlantic beaches ), 
  older than spain already best buddies with england , arguably the 2 of the most important nations in the fucking planet . 
  just look at them in this map , still babies , still conquering moors and heretics , aka nation building , no fancy gigantic `` not really '' empires . 
  nazi ship , taken by the americans , sold to the brazilians , and finally sold to portugal to be used as a training ship . 
  we only really needed to fight this one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_aljubarrota with the help of england , our oldest ally , we defeated the castillians ( future part of spain ) and basically assured our independence up until our king tried to conquer morocco and got beaten and killed . 
  still our alliance stands strong and the brits have helped us throughout the centuries . 
  if we were n't allys i think portugal would not exist . 
  #brexit do n't leave please !, 
  i was lucky enough to be advised to study computer programming , i did , and i have a pretty decent job . 
  aldi is actually opening a store this year in my city , santar\u00e9m !, 
  they even fixed an intersection as part of the deal , there was so much traffic in that intersection , it 's where 1 whole neighborhood , and an hospital and 3 supermarkets meet ( 4 with aldi ) . 
  supermarket . 
  holy shit murder, 
  12 $ buys 5 liters of beer in portugal , super bock, 
  slow cooking is better for your health, 
  brothers in baking https://easyportugueserecipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/649572-portuguese-egg-tarts.jpg, 
  we did `` starve '' as much as them after world war 2 . 
  here in portugal during the salazar regime , poor people ate really poorly . 
  so , the next generations had to endure that crazzy grandmother pushing food down your throat , and if you did n't eat it all you are misbehaving . 
  i see this changing now , but the older generations just have bad eating habits . 
  my grandmother for example , to this day cooks pork fat fried in it self , something called torresmo , this does not cause diabetes , but it is an example of how much we gorge . . 
  stop with the fucking europe drama already , jesus , now it 's italy ??? 
  seriously , the brexit was a product of old people 's xenophobic ideas , nothing more than that , the rest of europe is much more liberal and xenophile , and we , the young europeans will not allow external pressure to disunite us .
