  give them citizenship . 
  one qualifying question for the craic . 
  `` you 're gifted two slices of fresh bread , a bitta butter and a packet of tayto . '', 
  construct a meal . 
  they ran out of irish passport forms in east belfast on the 11th . 
  the irish passport is the new must have !, 
  if they 're resident in ireland then i 'd have no quarrel with fitzgerald waiving their fees and giving them citizenship . 
  brits wanting irish citizenship . 
  what a political world we live in !, 
  to gain citizenship ? 
  yup . 
  you 've already commandeered our passport offices and embassies . 
   if you do n't have a job lined up , you ca n't just stay in the country and sponge off the government . 
  non eu students do n't qualify for a lick of welfare in the uk . 
  it 's stamped `` no recourse to public funds '' on their visa . 
  do you know anyone selling off plan apartments in bulgaria ? 
  my taxi driver said that they 're a sound investment . 
   now they have 4 months . 
  even then , the skilled worker/tier 2 visa non eu students will require to stay and work in the uk is capped at 20,700 annually . 
  just be polite and courteous and you will be fine . 
  you 're not the first american to visit italy or germany !, 
  relax and enjoy your trip . 
  do you expect a large exodus of skilled workers from the uk to ireland ? 
   ireland 1.94 get riding for ireland , lads !, 
  cork is a really nice place to live . 
  dublin is cool too but the cost of living is a bit higher and the rental market is bananas . 
  they 're not minimum wage jobs either if they 're offering $ 1861.00 per month net . 
  minimum monthly wage is $ 1546.35 . 
  with unemployment still quite high i 'm surprised no residents snapped those jobs up . 
  farage would be in his element on top gear ... 
   with how strict swedens sexual assault laws are i hope they will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law . 
  two were arrested and released . 
  i think the swedish are very strict in how they record rape and sexual assaults . 
  it seems that how they carry out prosecutions , is a different kettle of fish . 
  bracelets ? 
   during the night of saturday came in several reports of sexual molestation at the festival putte in the park in karlstad . 
  the police will keep an extra eye during the festival last night . 
  very reassuring for the victims and festival goers !, 
   moreover arrested two people friday night . 
  - but they were later released , said eva h\u00f6gfeldt . 
  very reassuring indeed . 
   already on thursday reported a woman that she was raped in the audience during a performance of zara larsson . 
  police described the incident as a `` consummated rape '' writes aftonbladet . 
  another notification of suspected rape received during the friday evening , and police arrested a 25 year old man . 
  the rape should have taken place during the concert with tenacious d. during the night of saturday , added yet another notification of suspected rape . 
  reportedly , a woman being raped in connection with a toilet . 
  later in the day it emerged that another rape reported to the police during friday evening . 
   to the point where getting in legally for whatever reason takes years and years , a mountain of paperwork and a part time job worth of time . 
  and that 's for `` wanted '' immigrants . 
  this is n't true at all . 
  depends on the member state and the country 's laws , but it 's relatively straightforward for skilled workers to get into the eu . 
  the eu blue card , the austrian red white and red card , a jobseeker 's visa in germany , the irish critical skills employment permit , the zivnostensky visa in czech republic and that 's just off the top of my head . 
  of course there 's paperwork and bureaucracy involved . 
  these need to be processed and take some months . 
  but nowhere near years and years . 
   i remember an interview dutch tv did last year with a syrian refugee in turkey . 
  his initial `` hi how are you , so you want to come to the eu ? '', 
  meeting was planned for late 2016/early 2017 . 
  he 's safe in turkey . 
  we should be aiming to take in the folks in the severely unfounded camps first and foremost . 
  eight italians with a point to prove and an opportunity to keep their place in the team . 
  that 's the way i see their starting eleven . 
  big roll of the dice from o'neill with his team selection . 
  we 'll see how it pans out !, 
  hopefully we can spring another surprise and join them in the last 16 !, 
  i expected austria and portugal to breeze that group . 
  a magnificent achievement by iceland . 
  delighted for them . 
  who has a small time mentality now , ronaldo ? 
  if they 're russian , that 's bizarre . 
  he even got `` jonesy '' on the back of his jersey . 
   refugees come . 
  they get asylum . 
  nope . 
  asylum seekers lodge an asylum claim . 
  when their claim for asylum is verified , they are then afforded refugee status , subsidiary protection or humanitarian leave to remain . 
   i know what i 'm talking about . 
  you do n't , buddy . 
  you are just offering up a load of anecdotal evidence and pertaining to be an expert . 
  where did you study immigration and asylum law ? 
  do n't spend too long in dublin . 
  a day and a half will do . 
  head out west instead . 
  you 're pertaining to be an expert when you 're evidently not . 
   before refugees get asylum , other way around . 
  they 're asylum seekers until their claims are verified and they are afforded refugee status , humanitarian leave to remain or subsidiary protection . 
  that 's a soft peno but the romanians will take it . 
  game on !, 
   with some reports quoting a 40 percent drop in hotel business . 
  ouch . 
  that 's a lot worse than i expected . 
  no better time to visit , i guess . 
   in the past year and a half i noticed a lot of croatians going to ireland , instead of more traditionaly austria and germany . 
  there were [ transitional restrictions ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=1067 ) placed upon croatian nationals after your accession to the eu and we dropped them on the first phase , so a good few came here . 
  the uk , the netherlands and malta still have n't so we are the only english speaking eu country they can come to with no restrictions . 
   as far as i know most of them got jobs pretty easily ( low paying call centre/waiting tables kind of jobs ) yeah , from talking to a few they want to perfect their english , get settled and then move into their field of study . 
  ten years or so ago when the polish , czechs , lithuanians etc joined the eu they started coming here in large numbers and took up lower paid work to start off with . 
  once they got settled , perfected their english a good number then moved on to their preferred line of work . 
  lots now working in it , management positions in hospitality etc. 
  i suspect the same will happen with the croatians working here in a few years time .
