meh , i 've said my bit . 
  the people robbing the water left out for the runners are cunts . 
  not much left to discuss , really . 
  here 's a credible source - http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/people-caught-on-video-stealing-bottled-water-meant-for-london-marathon-runners-a6999026.html, 
  christ , you 're a head melter . 
  good luck to you . 
  they go out and collect sponsorship for running the marathon . 
  after they 've completed the run , they collect their sponsorship and give it to their charity of choice . 
   a truly despicable crime to steal some water from people who feel the need to run around around the city to show cool they are . 
  yes , people run marathons to show how cool they are . 
  the majority of them would be doing it for charity . 
   like big cities never have a problem with water ? 
  there 's currently no drought or water shortage in london . 
   like not carbonated water ? 
  i spend between $ 10-15 a week on ballygowan regular bottled water . 
  sounds mad to some , but i just like it better . 
   what if those people actually do n't have access to good quality drinkable water it 's london . 
  not a rural town in the developing world . 
   there is no context there is plenty of context . 
  water stations are set up throughout the route of the marathon . 
  people tend to need to keep hydrated when running distance . 
  these cunts ransacked the water station . 
  shameless scumbags . 
  those water stops are vitally important for the runners . 
  stealing water from marathon runners who are participating for charity . 
  you ca n't get much lower . 
   nationalism is a disease that always ends up in the same place . 
  my country was formed as a result of nationalism . 
  we are doing alright . 
   martial arts are n't real or effective forms of self defense . 
  you 're completely wrong here , but i 've no real interest in getting into an argument . 
  one thing that martial arts gives a kid/teen is confidence . 
  bullies pick victims that they think will be easy targets . 
  what makes an easy target ? 
  a child who seems weak , unsure of himself or herself , or who is easily scared . 
  napoli lost 2-0 too . 
  no pizza , you get arrested and your team loses . 
  what a shit day for mr. manganiello . 
   create a legal immigration corridor , only open to speakers of the language of the country they would immigrate to , and that have attended an introductory course . 
  ireland will do what we are told but there is no way in hell that the uk will agree to this . 
  villa and all ? 
  living it up . 
  no , i wo n't be going , unfortunately . 
  got ta work . 
  would love to though . 
  enjoy it over there , the atmosphere should be electric . 
  some people argue that italia 1990 kicked off a new found irish confidence and identity in the republic . 
   people , speaking seriously , have suggested that the feel-good factor of the world cup lifted ireland out of recession and kick started the so-called celtic tiger . 
  others have argued that it signaled the birth of a new , post-conflict irish identity . 
  whether or not you give any credence to that , there is no doubt that it was an event of mass collective excitement and joy -- hardly ever experienced by a country outside of wartime or revolution . 
  http://www.theirishstory.com/2012/06/18/the-perfect-symbol-italia-90-and-irish-identity/#.vwwknyo1jxa you never know . 
  are you going yourself ? 
   my view isnt well accepted where i live might change during and after the european football championships this summer . 
   surrounded by people who hate me for loving my own country very few people will hate you for being northern irish . 
  quit the mopery , soppy bollix . 
  people probably hate you because you do n't know the difference between you are , you 're and your . 
   in ni if you fly a union jack your a loyalist , an extreme unionist who recognises the uk as your `` country '' over northern ireland . 
  you are british , not northern irish in ni . 
  if you fly an ireland flag your a republican and want a united ireland . 
  but i dont want that . 
  if you fly the ni flag , which was technically removed as a symbol of the state at the beginning of the troubles , again people assume your a loyalist , a trouble maker , a hater of ireland . 
  you actually managed to get it right once in this paragraph , then reverted back again . 
  which pissed me off even more . 
   well maybe if we worked together as an actual union and if certain eu countries would help share the refugee burden already . 
  oh , the germans are still parroting this . 
  let 's rewind the clock to 2004 accession . 
  you implemented a work permit system for the new eu citizens . 
  ireland , the uk and sweden completely opened up their labour markets to our new eu citizens . 
  germany imposed restrictions for the maximum allotted time - seven years and until may 2011 . 
  now , you 're lecturing the very same people you closed your borders to , on ` sharing the burden ? ', 
  sit the fuck down . 
   it 's interesting that only reddit seems to care so much about the refugees and greatly exaggerate the issue . 
  not really , no . 
  it is the most pressing throughout the eu at present . 
  discussion on an internet forum about europe will reflect that . 
   immigration is the most pressing concern for europeans , overtaking the economic situation and unemployment , according to a new eurobarometer survey . 
   if they are illegals , they should be detained and / or deported . 
  in theory , but in practice the majority of those who fail in their asylum claims will not be sent back . 
   one of the incentives for irregular migrants is the fact that fewer than half of failed asylum seekers are actually expelled . 
   in 2013 the eu sent back just 39 % of those refused asylum , the eu commission says in its european agenda on migration . 
   the health surcharge will be # 200 per year and # 150 per year for students and will be payable at the same time that an individual submits their visa application on-line . 
  visa applicants will need to pay up-front for the total period of their uk visa . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/news/uk-introduces-health-surcharge you paid the # 500 upfront for the duration of your visa . 
  nope . 
  they 've introduced a # 200 per year nhs surcharge for non eu citizens in the uk on a visa but no changes have been introduced for eu citizens . 
  yet . 
  research by the guardian newspaper shows more than four times as many britons obtain unemployment benefits in germany as germans do in the uk , while the number of jobless britons receiving benefits in ireland exceeds their irish counterparts in the uk by a rate of five to one . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jan/19/-sp-thousands-britons-claim-benefits-eu http://www.irishtimes.com/opinion/the-truth-behind-welfare-claimants-in-uk-1.2077510 i have no quarrel with british citizens claiming welfare here , once they meet the criteria , but if they force through with this it will likely to be reciprocal . 
  they got 91k in january . 
  they are expecting just 409k for the remaining eleven months ? 
  just like in 2015 , i can see their estimations being revised upwardly a few times during the year . 
  i find it amusing that germany wants ` eu solidarity ' now . 
  let us roll back the clock to may 2004 and the accession of the ten new eu member states . 
  only ireland , the uk and sweden afforded the new eu citizens free access to their labour market . 
  germany imposed restrictions upon them for the maximum allotted time allowed under the eu directives - until may 2011 . 
  now germany is lecturing the very same people they placed restrictions upon , on opening up their borders to non eu citizens ? 
  you can see why this astounding hypocrisy rubs them up the wrong way . 
  i do n't understand why they do n't take these offers to be relocated to countries such as poland , ireland , portugal etc. 
  these three countries have organised reasonable accommodation for ` quota refugees ' , have decent education systems and have plans in place to help the refugees on arrival . 
  but they wo n't take up the offer .
