  keep posting . 
  appreciate it . 
  how is conlan corrupt ? 
  ridiculous comment . 
  the poor lad . 
  will he be able to claim his 7/800 euro a day expenses ? 
   probably he cared about statistics of exams , overal-look of the school , and amount of money he can get from gov. 
  it was a deis/listed as a disadvantaged school . 
  he was encouraging lads , a lot from single parent households , to leave school when their parent ( s ) would sometimes want them to stay . 
  if their apprenticeships did n't work out or work dried up , like what eventually happened , then they had no back up and were pretty much fucked . 
  i do n't think he should have been encouraging anybody to leave school early . 
  quite the opposite !, 
  an extremely unusual occurrence for an irish teen !, 
  as a young kid born in the late eighties , ireland would have been one of the poorest member states in the eu 15 . 
  i grew up in a modest enough area and money would have been tight a lot of the time . 
  going to the cinema , eating out or whatever would have been a huge treat . 
  foreign travel would be the exception rather than the norm and summer holidays would be spent with friends or family ` down the country . ', 
  then in the late nineties to early naughties the economy was flying . 
  at fifteen , i walked into a petrol station/gas station and got a job as a carwasher pretty much on the spot after a brief chat with the manager . 
  places were that desperate for staff . 
  lads with little to no english were flying in and picking up work very easily . 
  i was fifteen , working partime , getting above minimum wage and another hundred euro in tips on top of that . 
  for just over twenty hours work per week , i 'd be walking with a minimum of $ 250 . 
  not too shabby for a fifteen years old . 
  people would be handing you euro coins along with their ticket for the carwash machine like it was nothing . 
  during the summer , we get three months off for school holidays . 
  i took two weeks off to go to malaga with my ma , sisters , aunts and uncles , cousins etc. 
  five years previous our granny bringing me , my sisters and cousins out for dinner at the kfc in tallaght on her pension was a big deal . 
  over in spain we would be spending money like it was going out of fashion . 
  going to waterparks , expensive day tours , shopping , steaks and seafood every night , buying english folks you just met rounds of drinks . 
  the irish had money and they were n't afraid to spend it . 
  the latter was n't always a good thing though . 
  a splice of the irish population became a little bit arrogant due to our new found wealth as a people . 
  one of my cousins nearly kicked off a riot with a smart arsed money related comment he made to an english couple that we became pals with during our trip . 
  not usually our style , but i digress . 
  for the other twelve weeks i worked full time . 
  ended up making over $ 6,000 for those twelve weeks . 
  it was n't even hard work . 
  hosing down cars , calling them up onto a ramp , punching in a code and letting them off through the power wash machine . 
  fucking crazy money for a fifteen year old to be pulling in . 
  whereas before , i 'd have to wait until christmas or my birthday to get a video game , dvd , decent boxing gloves or a pair of new football boots ; now i 'd more money than i knew what to do with and could buy them all in a week . 
  going out to eat , even to a pizza place , would have been a huge deal with my family as a young kid but now i was able to go into a restaurant regularly with my mates and eat whatever we wanted not too concerned about the cost . 
  we were all working parttime/in apprentices and earning decent wedges . 
  thankfully , my granny made sure i saved at least one hundred euro a week in the credit union and handed some up to my ma as a contribution . 
  the rise in living standards was extraordinary and the amount of money in the country was eye-watering . 
  looking back , it was all a bit crazy and the bubble was always going to burst . 
  pleasantly surprised with ireland . 
  i went to school during the boom . 
  at the end of third year and again at the start of fifth year , the vice principal went around to the classes and encouraged the not so academically gifted and the lads that liked a mess to take up apprenticeships . 
  explained to them that they 'd be better off and would be earning decent money . 
  an easy sell . 
  a few years later the arse fell out of the economy and they were on the scrap heap as they only had their junior cert . 
  hopefully schools learned their lesson there and do n't repeat that shit . 
  [ section 16 of the offences against the person act 1828 ] ( https://en.www.wikipedia.org/wiki/offences_against_the_person_act_1828 ) read as follows :  and be it enacted , that every person convicted of the crime of rape shall suffer death as a felon, 
  what do you mean ? 
   learn how knives work and carry one . 
  pull a knife on three attackers and there 's a good chance that it will end up being used on you . 
  ridiculous advice . 
   allowing people to keep both passports post-23 is wrong , no matter how you see it . 
  interesting . 
  do you disagree completely with dual citizenship as a principle ? 
  absolutely horrific case . 
  that poor woman . 
  i hope she gets the support and treatment that she deserves . 
   most likely a mistake but i got the impression the government does n't mind that much . 
  i went ahead and voted . 
  of course it was a mistake but you engaged in electoral fraud by voting anyway when you knew that you 're not meant to . 
  that said , my partner is a non irish eu citizen and gets sent polling cards for general elections and referendums too . 
  she only votes in local and eu elections though . 
  the electoral register is a mess . 
  find yourself a sturdy structure and take cover !, 
   it 's just not fair to the turkish people that they keep getting false hope . 
  the turkish people are not stupid and have long since said fuck it . 
  it 's nothing more than a charade at this stage . 
  they 're well aware that they 'll probably never join the eu . 
  a sample size of 500 will give you a confidence interval of + / -5 % 19 times out of 20 ( 95 % ) . 
  this calculator is n't bad : http://www.raosoft.com/samplesize.html, 
  nearly every time i browse this forum or worldnews there is a post about the majority of germans thinking x , y or z. 
  each one contradicting the other . 
  is n't thomas de maiziere the german minister of the interior ? 
  never heard of this boris pistorius guy . 
  statistically , europe is one of the safest places on the planet . 
  but image is everything and it 's very difficult to allay peoples fears after current events . 
  it looks like it 's going to be a record year for tourism here in ireland . 
  that 's probably somewhat linked . 
   overseas travel to ireland during the first half of the year was 13.1 % higher than the same period last year , according to latest central statistics office data . 
  on thursdays and fridays the bus brings tourists up there for the evening . 
  scary or not , the area is spectacular . 
  are you from nearby ? 
  i go up a lot . 
  the view of the city from up there is absolutely stunning . 
  he 's an arsehole . 
  he 's an expert in that regard . 
  it was the only article i could find . 
  sorry and rip . 
  i did n't mean anything bad from posting this . 
   what the fuck kind of title is that ? 
  we ca n't editorialise titles from the articles we post . 
  there 's no language or civics exam required here . 
  if they 're resident , waive the fees and the process .
