  they want to go to germany and sweden which are both at capacity with huge backlogs and tens of thousands of people living in tents . 
  if they go to poland , ireland or portugal they will be given decent accommodation , not have to deal with any backlogs , a welfare stipend to live off of , be able to avail of education and obtain citizenship by the time they 've finished . 
  refugees can become naturalised after two years residence in poland , three in ireland and after six years ( open to correction on this ) in portugal . 
  then they will have a qualification in a european country and eu citizenship which will entitle them to live and work in any of the member states . 
  it 's a no brainer to me . 
  balls !, 
  copied and pasted the wrong link when browsing the site . 
   for any real number x between 0 and 1 , it is possible to choose n and k such that n * 2-k is arbitrarily close to x. 
  that is to say , for every epsilon  0 there exist natural numbers n and k such that | x - n * 2-k | < epsilon . 
   i 'm not the brightest bulb i barely passed ordinary level maths in the leaving . 
  you may as well be speaking in klingon . 
  you should have left this one run for the craic !, 
  i 'm not the brightest bulb , but i think it 's mathematically impossible to be 33 % anything . 
  unless you 're a walking fraction . 
   mcshitrace such cutting wit . 
  the norwegian ladies are in for a treat . 
  america 's loss is their gain . 
  you 've gone beyond parody . 
  thank you for giving me a good chuckle this dreary friday morn ' . 
  a good start to the weekend . 
  wear a sticker in your profile picture stating that you 're `` roughly 33 % scandinavian '' . 
  i 'm sure some norwegian girl is just dying to be fetishised over by an american . 
  only 53 inhabitants left . 
  did n't realise it was that low . 
  merkel is childless so his comment probably hit a bit too close to home . 
  he 's right though . 
  the birth rate across the eu was [ 1.55 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/fertility_statistics ) in 2013 . 
  well below replacement levels . 
  also gives them free movement throughout the eu . 
  loads of italians through descent in dublin , london , berlin etc. 
  your citizenship laws are extremely generous . 
  i do n't speak much spanish and i 'm not invested enough in this to go through google translate . 
  no country has a monopoly on these sort of guttersnipes . 
  there are plenty of them here in ireland , the uk and even in spain . 
   is bigger than in other european countries i used to holiday a bit in the south of spain as a teenager . 
  we knew not to go out to the main areas on a friday or saturday night as the spanish would be out looking for a fight with the british ( and irish ) . 
  dozens of them hanging around with their scooters just waiting for a fight ( always a 10 on 1 job ) . 
  you 're no saints either , buddy . 
   there will only be salt and vinegar tayto or king ? 
   i love tomato and worcester sauce flavoured crisps . 
  if i were surrounded by poor quality crisps , i would probably like them too . 
  ca n't beat a crisp sandwich !, 
  i would ravage them bad boys right now . 
  i have n't had a packet in two weeks . 
  i 'd easily go through six packets of crisps a day but only allow myself two packets a week . 
  if you ever fly with aer lingus , order a [ tayto crisp sandwich ] ( http://twitter.com/aerlingus/status/609366110153142273/photo/1 ) . 
  you 'll realise that i 'm right . 
  irish crisps are the bees knees . 
  banshee bones , chickatees , burger bites , chipsticks , hunky dorys salt and vinegar , tayto cheese and onion . 
  the list is endless . 
  we do n't fuck around when it comes to the humble spud . 
  i 'll give you monster munch though . 
  they 're irish tier crisps . 
  did an irish emigrant come up with the recipe for them ? 
  you can fuck off with your tomato or worcester sauce flavoured crisps . 
  are they fuck . 
  butter . 
  crisps/potato chips . 
  beef and lamb . 
  she exchanged pleasantries with king salman whilst breaking from the meeting . 
  big deal !, 
  why london ? 
  they strongly voted remain . 
  preaching to the choir there , lads . 
  it 's also a ` safer ' passport to travel on in parts of the middle east etc. 
  yep , under the ireland act 1949 . 
   2 republic of ireland not a foreign country  ( 1 ) it is hereby declared that , notwithstanding that the republic of ireland is not part of his majesty 's dominions , the republic of ireland is not a foreign country for the purposes of any law in force in any part of the united kingdom or in any colony , protectorate or united kingdom trust territory , whether by virtue of a rule of law or of an act of parliament or any other enactment or instrument whatsoever , whether passed or made before or after the passing of this act , and references in any act of parliament , other enactment or instrument whatsoever , whether passed or made before or after the passing of this act , to foreigners , aliens , foreign countries , and foreign or foreign-built ships or aircraft shall be construed accordingly . 
   for instance if an irishman needs diplomatic assistance in pakistan where there 's no irish embassy he can go to the british high commission this is true for all eu citizens . 
   under eu law , as an `` unrepresented eu citizen '' , you 're entitled to help from any other eu member state 's embassy or consulate - under the same conditions as this eu country helps its own nationals . 
  my ma and my sisters went to london for a shopping trip there the other week . 
  if things begin to look ropey for you lads i 'll send them over again . 
  and i do get that . 
  there 's a discussion to be had . 
  but it seems that these countries are more about giving the finger to a certain demographic than debating the issue . 
  i 'm kinda proud we do n't delve into this sort of politics . 
  grand so . 
  what 's your prediction ? 
  okay , you know my home town better than i. 
  it 's grand , my man . 
  we are not a stupid people . 
  i grew up in crumlin , dublin . 
  some muslim lads there . 
  i trained in the boxing gym with them . 
  muslim . 
  all irish . 
  no problems . 
  as irish folk , we should never ban the burkini or whatever the fuck . 
  first off , if you go for a dip . 
  fair fucks to you . 
  wear what you want . 
  we 've beautiful waters but they 're cold . 
  as a dub , there 's a swim class on wednesday evening for muslim women . 
  no fucking problem . 
  most of us are watching champions league or in the steam room . 
  no biggy . 
  meet an irish muslim . 
  they 'll talk to you about the hurling championship . 
  normal irish folk . 
  these countries seem to deliberately want to start shit, 
  nearly every time i read one of your posts , i learn something .
