  a big , fat , large * rooster * with a bright red head , of course . 
  why ? 
  the problem is that companies are tricking consumers into thinking that more kw = better vacuum cleaner . 
  this is false , aberrant , and harmful . 
  this regulation is here to prevent that . 
  now tell me how this is a bad idea . 
  no , nobody want to regulate what you buy , but what companies are trying to sell . 
  trouble is that for most people , kw = suction power , so a 10,000 mw vacuum cleaner ~ ~ would rip the floor off the actual ground ~ ~ would be better than a 1,600 kw vacuum cleaner . 
  that is not true , but it nonetheless lead to a marketing `` kw-rush '' . 
  what was important was to have more kw than your competitor . 
  bad for the consumer ( higher electricity bills ) , bad for the environment , and for no gain . 
  between the mega-eiffel tower ( legendary double-type steel / phallus ) and a critically underfed woman . 
  haha xd relatively famous , best pun of the week x ), 
  wait , you 're telling me the eiffel tower is n't 500km-tall ? 
  o_o i want my money back !, 
  so what ? 
  because in the past , people in the us used ( until the 50 's , according en.wp ) to make up to mock black people , nowadays artists in sweden ca n't use make up to turn someone black ( or anything else ) for reasons completely different ? 
  i do n't really understand the problem ... why is using make-up to turn someone black , white , asian or anything racist in any way ? 
  yeah , i do n't get this reaction ... `` come on , your propaganda poster does n't show a realistic depiction of the two countries ! '' yeah i ... guess that 's true ? 
   at least not the ones i frequent, 
  of course  _ < that 's not what i meant . 
  i 'm sorry , i agree with you , i just failed to communicate . 
  i ca n't talk for all americans ; i 've spoken with a few , they were n't like that at all . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's what i felt when reading this article . 
  because he does n't say it like that . 
  when i read the article , i understood something like : `` they 're doing things differently , not like us . 
  therefore , they 're wrong . 
  '' he did n't even * think * of explaining his reasoning , like it 's so * obvious * that if you 're not doing the american way , you 're doing it wrong . 
  again , i feel it 's a problem with the author . 
  i 've spoken with a few american people , and they did n't leave me that impression at all . 
  and maybe the author does n't even think this , but just failed to convey what he meant . 
  yeah , i tried not to have a knee-jerk reaction , but i felt kind of the same ... 
  what i really dislike with this article is that the author equates `` they do n't have the same opinion as we do in america '' with `` they 're delusional . '' i 'm not saying he 's wrong , but i do n't think he realized that his article could be taken as a `` anyone who does n't think like the american people is wrong . '', 
  they probably do n't want to x ), 
  one of the problems is that the ue is already threatening france because of economical difficulties ... and now ( some in ) the eu would want them to cancel a deal worth billions ( according to the article ) . 
  i would of course be in favour of cancelling the deal , but i understand that it 's not such an easy decision to take ... 
  i like this idea . 
  i do n't know if it 's actually realisable , but i like it . 
  yeah , but , you know , at one point when you grow up you realize that before trying to help your neighbour to repair his house , you should make sure yours is not currently collapsing . 
  yeah , sure , there are problems outside the eu , but the eu itself already have quite a few problems to deal with . 
  i 'm not saying the eu should n't take care of ukraine and others ; just that they have to prioritize . 
  yeah , but what we 're hearing may very well be a loud minority of people speaking as though the whole of catalonia was behind them . 
  it 's not europe 's largest companies , it 's the largest companies of each european country , is n't it ? 
  thanks !, 
  that 's very interesting , 
  they 're rather different skills , though . 
  it 's a bit like saying : `` * wow , congrats ; i can play guitare reasonably well , but never managed to do anything with a saxophone . 
  using a piano sounds impossible . 
  a very `` down to earth '' question : would you mind talking about salary and working hours ? 
  also , working environment : do you work from home , do you travel a lot , do you have regular meetings ( with mps , other interpreters , staff , etc. 
  ) , training courses , etc. ? 
  ) , ou des formations ? 
  interesting !, 
  thanks, 
  how did you end up doing this job ? 
  was it a conscious objective of yours since you 're 12 , or did you end up in this field `` * by chance * '' after following your natural interests ? 
  so g , raet , le ` ts do tihs !, 
   for instance the is not pronounced ze yeah , but  yet we 've gotten used to going about without using them on the internet and we do n't really miss them , because communication is contextual and you can in fact know the correct word without them . 
  yeah , in french an accent can change the phoneme , too . 
  `` e '' is `` \u00f6 '' , `` \u00e9 '' is `` e '' , `` \u00e8 '' is , err ... like the `` e '' in `` well '' ( in english ) . 
  hence / u/dclauzel 's answer . 
   so why keep using them ? 
  we shoud get rid of any leter zat is not nececary . 
  it is ze way tu go . 
  or having a machine hanging `` solution '' sign ( oh , yeah , btw , this `` schild '' is `` sign '' ; `` shield '' is only for the thing that knights carry around to protect themselves ) over every problems . 
   a pack of cigs is 2.5-3 euros here where is here ? 
  'cause i was living in germany until a few weeks ago , and the pack was weeell above $ 5 , a kg of meat was 5-10 euros ( for pork ) , and milk was barely above 50cts ... 
  of course not . 
  what 's your point ? 
  o.o what ? 
  my point is just that i ( and i think it 's the case with a lot of french , maybe it has to do with how we 're taught , i do n't know ) feel very uncomfortable speaking in a language i do n't spoke , maybe not perfectly , but at least rather well . 
  whereas people from other countries seem not to have ( or not as frequently / to this extent ) this reluctance . 
  i do n't believe so . 
  i like my language a lot , really . 
  i like to use it well , to follow the `` actual '' rules of french . 
  but i also enjoy using another language . 
  but as a matter of fact i really do n't feel comfortable at all using a language i do n't ... master . 
  i 've seen it in germany : my german is n't great . 
  i can participate in a discussion , but it 's not easy . 
  but german people whose french was , well , quite crappy were n't as hesitant to use my language . 
  because cheese , quite obviously . 
  i was corrected * quite * rudely by an english grammar nazi , once . 
  i thanked him for his correction , and mentioned that i was n't a native speaker . 
  in a very short time , he was buried under downvotes , and i felt as though half of reddit 's english-speaking users had apologized to me . 
  so , now i do n't worry too much about grammar nazis . 
  for his defense , the post-ch period was quite irritating when people from ( mainly ) the uk and us were very often accusing the satirical newspaper of being racist without having read a single issue , or even being able to read french for that matter . 
  i do n't condone everything he 's said , though . 
  this is true , of course . 
  okay , okay . 
  the sub is swarming with dutch !, 
  there are also a lot of german , pole and scandinavian people . 
   deny all you want , but you start to sound desperate . 
  i did n't deny anything , actually . 
  please re-read what i said . 
  i was only commenting on your sentence :  we are talking about internet sites, 
   we are talking about internet sites no , not really . 
  number of websites is one way of qualifying the `` size '' of a country 's internet ( if i dare speak like this ) , but not the only one . 
  lot of websites with fewer users is n't necessarily `` bigger '' ( whatever it means ) than fewer websites with more users . 
  and there are probably way better indicators than both of these . 
  also , if you could stop insulting people for no reason , that would be great .
