  i feel bad for the poor turks having to put up with this bullshit . 
  * double take *, 
  that 's not a result of a pro-west leader , it 's the result of the soviet union collapsing . 
  oh , thought you were referring to the main article of this thread . 
  in that case , yeah , i agree . 
  i would n't say so . 
  assuming the article was exactly the same , it would be a site called `` islam today '' criticizing muslims . 
  ... i suddenly have a strong urge to create a banana republic . 
  in europe . 
  minus the bananas . 
  probably not much different , all things considered . 
  okay , but erdogan definitely is n't helping . 
  cyprus and the genocide are the oft-cited reasons . 
  maybe it 's / r/polandball causing this . 
  are we up for a crusade , just for old times ' sake ? 
  i usually support most international cooperation - which is n't especially popular here in the us , unsurprisingly . 
  ( muh freedom units !, 
  fuck yur there commie metres ! ), 
  looks like the modern-day holy roman empire is facing , well , the symptoms of the holy roman empire . 
  but seriously , i find it a little annoying how often world leaders and the media like to kick around germany . 
  yes , they did a bad thing \u2122 , but times have changed so much . 
  sure , they do project their power a bit across the eu , but they 're not bullying the entire eu for money . 
  ( for the record : i am very pro-eu in theory , but as i do not live there , i ca n't say anything about what 's it like in practice . ), 
  i think texas deserves to be deleted by norway . 
  more than twice . 
  can you sell flammable cloths that look a lot like flags but are definitely not flags ? 
  what ? 
  no , sovereign citizens are ridiculous . 
  countries are arbitrary , but useful constructs . 
  cosmopolitanism or internationalism might be a better way to describe it . 
  and yeah , i know the states existed first , but that does n't matter . 
  the point is that the federal government represents me to the rest of the world , and so in a democracy * i * should have the right to vote for the federal government . 
  not the states . 
  the states can go fuck themselves if they want . 
  i associate with the world first , the us second , and the individual state last . 
  the truth is , states are arbitrary , and i expect the federal government to represent me , not the arbitrary borders i live within . 
  ( of course , government borders are themselves arbitrary , but given that a world government is n't likely any time soon , we 'll let that be . ), 
  i understand the reasoning behind it , but it 's not good enough reasoning to warrant the massive damage to the democratic process . 
  the problem is n't just that city dwellers get fewer votes than farmers - it 's 1 ) that margins of victory are irrelevant , so whether you win a state by 50 % or 100 % is irrelevant despite having twice the votes and 2 ) that it creates swing states , which are literally the only states that matter . 
  this disenfranchises minorites - if you 're a black person in alabama , you 're most likely to vote democratic , but your vote literally does n't matter because alabama is guaranteed to go republican . 
  the same is true of republicans in california . 
  combining these two effects means ** most of the country does not have the slightest impact on elections . 
  ** it does n't matter how you vote in california - it 's going to vote democratic , so dem votes wo n't make the state vote * more * democratic ( the first effect ) , while republican votes wo n't make it vote * less * democratic ( the second effect ) . 
  so long as the state stays strongly on one side or the other , their citizens do n't affect the results . 
  the electoral college fails at its most basic purpose . 
  it does n't protect small states , it just protects swing states . 
  our elections basically depend on a handful of states , and while there were more swing states in 2016 than usual , it 's still toxic to democracy . 
  but why should that be true ? 
  1 person , 1 vote . 
  not 1 state , arbitrary number of votes . 
  all three of those are characteristic of the right ( excluding some communist parties ) and his party is described both on wikipedia and elsewhere as `` right-wing populist '' and `` right-wing to far-right . '', 
  that 's also a good point . 
  that 's not quite fair . 
  i 'm a us citizen , and i 'm just as concerned about us meddling with the netherlands as i was with russia meddling with us . 
  remember , it 's the far right that 's influencing the dutch - the same people that benefited from russian involvement . 
  it 's a forgivable mistake though - i very much doubt it was intentionally done to mislead people . 
  pardon me if i got this wrong , but is n't `` afd politician '' perfectly accurate ? 
  he 's a politician from afd . 
  how 's that misleading ? 
  yeah , i know . 
  i was just poking fun at the fact that linguists have * no * idea what to do with albania . 
  -  albanian, 
  i would take the trade-off . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  the western powers installed the shah . 
  but that does n't make them responsible for the result of the revolution . 
  are you just trying to ruin people 's day ? 
  what is this accomplishing ? 
  i 've never been to romania , and i 'm proud of them for these protests . 
  i 'd be proud of any country fighting corruption and standing up for transparency . 
  you 're right that the us and uk supported the shah , but that does n't make them to blame for the theocracy they have now . 
  if i punch someone in the face , that 's my fault . 
  if they then go punch someone else afterwards , how is that my fault ? 
  or rather `` are you slavic or scandinavian ? '', 
  perhaps not economically or diplomatically , and not on a global scale ; however , they are a strong military power that directly borders the european union . 
  i think liberia is wrong . 
  it was colonized by the us , and the us was colonized by a european country . 
  the lack of a word for `` the '' is actually much of the reason * why * it came to be in other languages , due to the ambiguity . 
  many geographical and political terms also use `` the , '' especially in the past ( not so much nowadays ) , so there really was n't a right or wrong there . 
  i 'm not sure why that would be considered offensive . 
  it 's still the same name , and while it is slightly dated , it 's not really pejorative and some languages still use it . 
  edit : apparently `` the '' was used when ukraine was a member of the soviet union . 
  however , i do n't see this as grounds for it being offensive , especially since it was used before that as well . 
   authoritarian left can you explain ? 
  i do n't see many stalinists running around nowadays , except for perhaps in [ russia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_the_russian_federation ) , which still has some faint support in the [ red belt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_belt_%28russia%29 ) . 
   there is no good candidate or option as a classical liberal nowadays , i thought the uk had the liberal democrats ( as opposed to labour for social democracy ) - their support may be dwindling , but they still exist . 
   ca n't remain part of a union that fucks over or neglects so many of its states and allows countries to blackmail others with the power the eu affords them . 
  can you provide some examples for this ? 
   regressives and who would that refer to ? 
  reactionaries ? 
  i do n't mean to attack you here , but both trump and brexit are very opposite to classical liberalism . 
  trump supports highly conservative social policies and protectionist economic policies , while classical liberalism would expect liberal social policies and free trade . 
  brexit is also a protectionist move , and for better or for worse , the european union is intrinsically free-trade . 
  how do you reconcile that ? 
  even social democracy is closer ( although by no means identical ) to classical liberalism than right-wing populism is . 
  the thing is , allowing immigration does n't mean losing control over your country . 
  i feel as though it should be named northumberland or northumbria , though !, 
   indeed , but you do n't speak for the population perhaps . 
   it 's not about x number of lives . 
  it 's about basic security .
