i try very hard to not judge or assume things against muslims , but every day is a new incident and every incident just makes it harder and harder . 
  i ca n't taste the difference . 
  and 40 % less awful for you . 
  i think `` ja '' and `` yes '' have a common root . 
  maybe `` da '' as well, 
  i think you got what i meant , but i 'm obviously not saying we should ban what trump is saying - i just _ highly _ disagree with it . 
  yeah , it 's quite unfortunate . 
  what i meant was `` being shut up by peer pressure . '', 
  i 'm assuming you 've been following the republican primaries ... 
  i 'm fine with people being shut up because everyone around them things they 're being bigots . 
  i 'm not fine with it being legally enforced . 
  ( unless you 're agreeing with me here , in which case carry on . ), 
  in the us , though , this really is n't working well ... 
  for once , * i ca n't blame them * - but for a totally different reason . 
  obviously the majority of soviet history is a story of oppression , but in the final years of the soviet union , they were actually _ more _ democratic than the current russian federation . 
  the freedom of press score in 1991 was `` partly free , '' while now it is `` not free . '', 
  the democracy index has also worsened . 
  gorbachev was probably the best leader russia has had since 1900 . 
  so , if russia returned to the soviet union of 1990 , they would actually have more freedoms and be less authoritarian than they are now . 
  of course , that 's not why so many russians want the ussr back . 
  they want it back for the opposite reason , sadly . 
  it could harm national security , but i am of the opinion that edward snowden is a hero . 
  he fought for freedom of information and a right to know what our government - supposedly `` ruled by consent of the governed '' - is doing to our privacy . 
  this is possibly the one good thing the us has over europe . 
  i 'm appalled by german censorship law and british libel law , although as always , scandinavia seems to have gotten it down !, 
  the multiculturalism vs anti-free-speech correlation is surprising and unfortunate . 
  ideally , people would be both multicultural _ and _ support unlimited free speech . 
  just because you 're not a xenophobe does n't mean you should prevent other people from being xenophobes , but i 'm glad you 're not !, 
  it does n't matter how severe the statement is . 
  it could be `` i do n't like the design of this new church '' or `` i hate all muslims . '', 
  certainly the latter is a horrible thing to say , but the essence of free speech is that _ you should be allowed to say it _ . 
  i do n't believe in pure egalitarianism , if you 're implying that it means income equality is zero . 
  that 's fairly ludicrous . 
  and i 'm not arguing for communism in any way , just pointing out that marx was not comparable to nazis at all . 
  i do n't agree with his ideology , but he had good points and i think he was a respectable person . 
  are you saying we should n't try any equality because any attempts towards equality mandate authoritarianism ? 
  that 's a completely ridiculous generalization . 
  see , for example , sweden or norway . 
  they are very democratic , peaceful nations that have implemented a lot of measures to increase economic equality among the populace , by the peoples ' own will . 
  that is egalitarianism working in real life , not just on paper . 
  the equivalence of equality and authoritarianism is simply false . 
  the only time you need authoritarianism to enforce equality is when you have a populace that is hostile to its very idea . 
  that 's why the soviet union needed to use force and why income inequality is so bad in the us ( sorry , i know this is / r/europe , but it 's the only country i 've lived in ) - the people just did n't want those reforms . 
  the solution is , naturally , to put it in the uk . 
  i 'm not slow !, 
  just ... calorically challenged . 
  seems fair enough to me , though the name is very misleading . 
  an infant is , by definition , already born . 
  whether it 's murder is up for debate ( i would never call early-pregnancy abortion murder , though ) , but it 's definitely not infanticide . 
  while the logic is foul either way , i think judging a group by its best is at least a little more sound than judging them by their worst . 
  i 've stabbed myself in the mouth with a kebab before . 
  clearly i have no idea how to use them . 
  the sigara/kalem variety looks like a taquito . 
  i want it in my mouth _ so badly _ . 
  i 've wanted to try turkish food for so long . 
  b\u00f6rek looks delicious . 
  and yeah , a lot of people seem to get muslims wrong . 
  to be the devil 's advocate , though , the highest muslim-majority country on the democracy index , indonesia , is only a 7.03 . 
  on the press freedom index , no muslim-majority country scores higher than `` difficult situation , '' the second worst category . 
  this is not representative of muslims worldwide , but i can maybe understand where some of the attacks are coming from given that data . 
  no , it did n't , but it did n't advocate a racial hierarchy or the killing of millions either . 
  and you 're assuming that democracy is the best system ; while i would agree with you , many would n't . 
  you could argue that i 'm also assuming that racism and murder are bad , but i 'm pretty sure that 's a more broadly accepted truth . 
  it was fundamentally grounded in one noble idea : equality . 
  it just set the wrong methods of achieving that . 
  it 's not comparable . 
  mein kampf _ was _ hate speech . 
  it was an attack on a people , on a race . 
  the communist manifesto , while i do n't believe in it , was an attack on an obviously exploitative and terrible system . 
  it did have some good points at the time , and set the ideological standard for half of a planet . 
  both of you have a point . 
  stalin 's industrial reforms saved russia in ww2 , but the great purge did severely hinder them in the short run . 
  his reforms could easily have passed without the purge , and he was running off pure paranoia . 
  marxism = / = social democracy . 
  marx was heavily against the concept of democracy , advocated violent revolution , and expected the world to completely abolish private ownership eventually . 
  the stereotypical reddit hivemind is nowhere close to any of those things ; it is primarily democratic , primarily pacifist , and generally advocates welfare capitalism . 
  but if you want to continue using terms for extremist versions of something for the whole , then we can call all libertarians `` anarchists , '' because clearly less government = no government !, 
  yeah , caught me off guard too when i went to quebec . 
  it was even weirder when i saw a milk carton ( not bag ! ), 
  with period decimals on one side \u0137 the english side ) and comma decimals on the other ( french ) . 
  seems to be mostly linguistic , though i would 've expected german to use periods . 
  those are n't ratios - they 're decimals . 
  do you expect the us election to usher in left-leaning parties in europe ( as a reaction ) or alt-right parties ( to follow in trump 's footsteps ) ? 
  i 'm not going to argue whether you 're wrong or not - it 's hardly my place to do so anyway - but this thread really is n't the time or place , man . 
  it 's really disrespectful . 
  perhaps people are afraid they wo n't be able to project their culture within a state . 
  maybe they are justified - large states do tend to lose their character - but i think the benefits would probably outweigh the downsides . 
  of course , i 'm not that knowledgeable about the matter and i 'm not in a position to debate it . 
  i 'm being critical of the us government . 
  ... your point ? 
  that 's extremely unusual . 
  the french revolution is considered the end of the * early modern period * , which starts around 1500 . 
  the term `` dark ages '' is not often used by historians , but when it is , it 's usually reserved for the early middle ages , from the fall of the roman empire to around 1000 . 
  however , in older use , the dark ages can refer to the entire middle ages . 
  when you acted like the graph proved that the dark ages were a thing . 
  i 'm not saying that they were n't , i 'm saying that the graph does n't prove it . 
  but it did so 400 years after the end of the dark ages . 
  therefore , the increase in population had little to nothing to do with the end of the dark ages . 
  so it has nothing to do with the dark ages . 
  instead , it has to do with risorgimento ( unification of italy ) , the industrial revolution , or any other number of things .
