  if this does n't call for `` childish name-calling '' , i do n't know what does . 
  also , i love how you both are swallowing the modern `` we 're the real monsters '' - thing hook , line and sinker . 
  he 's saying `` yeah , innocent people die , but you see , ancient history and shakespeare ! '', 
  you 're saying `` yeah , he 's an apologist for radical islam , but you see , you 're a big meanie ! '', 
  i 'm sorry your opinion of me has gone down . 
  mea culpa , my friend . 
  just tell me how to make amends and i 'll see what i can do . 
  yes , we need to take responsibility for the actions of our great-great-great - [ ... ] - grandfathers , so that the extremist fucks killing people today do n't take responsibility for theirs . 
  there 's being a cretin , op , and then there 's being the disgusting , self-hating kind of cretin . 
  guess which kind you are . 
  sorry , i ca n't contain myself . 
  fucking love lullabies . 
  the best yiddish lullaby is [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ohoxk4oijo ) , though . 
  hope you do n't mind a bit of metal , there are other versions in youtube , but this one 's the best . 
  and an amazing , amazing one at that . 
  one of the best lullabies in existence . 
  i know what you 're thinking , op : `` what kind of lullabies do people who eat sharks that reek of ammonia have ? '', 
  [ i 've got you covered , do n't you worry . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsknigwp7jk ) `` sleep for a long time , sleep quietly , it is best to wake up late . 
  sorrow will teach you soon , while the day is quickly decaying , that men love , lose , cry and mourn . '', 
   the problem is that we opened our borders to countries with a lot of guns . 
  care to tell me what countries those might be ? 
  because the newest eu-members are bulgaria , romania and croatia and you sound like someone talking out of his ass . 
   euro crisis . 
  greek crisis . 
  migrant crisis . 
  greek crisis 2 . 
  ukraine crisis . 
  2 out of 5 . 
  if we 're willing to count the greek crisis twice * and * willing to attribute it entirely to greece . 
  it 's more like 0.85 / 5 . 
  f , brush up on your history and geography and see me after class . 
   the eu should have been france , germany , benelux , sweden , italy , and maybe spain . 
  we 'll build our own eu , with blackjack , strippers , v4 , austria and finland . 
  tepes doamne = roose bolton confirmed !, 
  itt : non-romanians not getting the significance of the crown . 
  the crown does n't stand for monarchy . 
  this one is made of iron from a captured ottoman cannon and symbolizes the desire of the romanian people to be free . 
  i did n't mean it like that . 
  i love kokorec , pastirma , shkembe , boza and pretty much everything that would make a non-balkanite flinch . 
  this particular song is about the eu trying to take the kokorec away and people being inseparable from it , hence my comment . 
  no we fucking ca n't . 
  they asked for it . 
  throw them into the pit . 
  if they make it out alive , well , there 's always the sarlacc . 
  understood . 
  [ the real reason ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ke0dl8bh2uk ) why turkey is n't an eu member will remain our little secret , then . 
  ... if you like the people you communicate with on a daily basis , that is . 
  on the other hand , if you have family members or coworkers you do n't like , you combine it with pastirma for maximum deliciousness and effect . 
  never understood why turks bring up etymology in yogurt arguments . 
  `` we 're the only ones who put garlic in their yogurt '' is the only argument one needs to win anyway . 
   transparency would n't help with that no , it would n't . 
  but then we could simply treat the machine as another human . 
  for example , it 's ok when a machine handles our bank transfers , because we understand the process . 
  that 's why we accept its actions as final and infallible . 
  if a machine tells me i 'm speeding , then i 'm speeding . 
  if a machine tells me my blood alcohol is high , then it 's a valid piece of evidence for the police . 
  it 's not ok if a blackbox machine decides whether someone 's prison sentence should be shortened/prolonged based on data it has about him , like internet history , bank accounts , etc. 
  ideally , such a machine 's decision would have no more weight than a human 's . 
  it would be a part of a jury , instead of final decision-making institution . 
  but the way we let machines affect our lives now requires that we have trust and therefore complete understanding of their decision-making process . 
   that 's actually a pretty good definition of a human being actually . 
  true , but humans are deemed fallible , held accountable ( eeeeh ... 
  ideally ? ), 
  and their decisions are constantly second-guessed . 
  a machine learning algorithm so advanced that its decisions ca n't be explained is a literal deus ex machina . 
  and yeah , i agree we 're not at a point where we have no clue how a machine operates . 
  but it 's good to have laws in place in case we get there someday . 
  even if we do n't live to see it , transparency laws are useful for the technology we have now , so definitely a step in the right direction . 
   one of the promises of machine learning and artificial intelligence these days is the fact that we no longer fully understand why algorithms are deciding things the way they do . 
  [ ... ] the more machine learning `` learns '' the less possible it is for people to directly understand why it 's making those decisions . 
  [ ... ]  i do think greater transparency is good , but i worry about rules that might hold back useful innovations as well . 
  do forgive me if i do n't count a blackbox that makes decisions that `` significantly affect human lives '' among the `` useful innovations '' the author speaks of . 
  laws that hold back such technology are well worth it considering how easy it is for the software creators to abuse such algorithms in the absence of transparency laws . 
  wait , you mean to tell me software * is n't * like real life ? 
  soooo ... what should i do with all those naked women i 've been keeping in my basement under the premise it 's no different than having porn on my hard drive ? 
   for some reason , greeks are exempt from this . 
   an old montenegrin film [ ... ] opening scene from borat wat.x2 ever heard of exaggeration ? 
  it 's a thing people do for comical effect . 
  that thing that usually has a basis in reality , but does not exactly mirror it ? 
  yeah , that . 
   there used to be a running joke in herzegovina ( both east and west ) . 
  every now and then , gypsies would roam through the village and all the women would collect the kids playing outside and bring them in to the house while shouting `` quick kids hurry , the bulgarians are coming ! '', 
  wat.x3 you know , i 'd be all sour and say `` see if we recognize your independence next time , you ungrateful fucks '' , but i have a hard time believing it . 
  what 's the context here , what 's the story behind it ? 
  sounds like something nigel farage would say to put his kids to sleep . 
   my female friends who come from albania and bulgaria say that they have to get a man to walk with them outside during the day . 
  these are n't even rural areas , it 's sofia and shkodra . 
  wat.x4 do we even live in the same balkans ? 
  this is gust grade a bullshit . 
  i do n't know where to start . 
  your opinion on what the balkan mentality is seems to be based on television and hearsay . 
  there is a balkan mentality that is a unique flavor of ass-backwardness , that much is true . 
  but it has very little to do with the impoverishment and lack of education in the poorest regions . 
  nor are the greeks exempt from it in any way . 
  i think i can safely say you have no idea what the balkan mentality is and your understanding of it has as much depth as the understanding of the average westerner whose idea of the balkans is based on the gypsy ghettos and horse carts he saw on tv that one time . 
  oh , and lest i forget , borat . 
  this is a good thing , by the way . 
  be happy you live in a place where you do n't have to understand it . 
  that 's pretty much all they can do .
