i think you 're confusing `` credible '' with `` exact '' . 
  good luck getting an exact number on any social statistic/survey . 
  a lot of sciences outside of the stem field work with estimates , this does n't make them any less credible or valid . 
  the article never makes the claim that the number is exact . 
  your debunking article basically repeats the parts of it that highlight that it 's impossible to get an exact number . 
  even the most optimistic estimates are alarmingly high compared to the negligible number of the ones serving in the army . 
   to reiterate the point , security forces admitted to the times that there is no way of telling how many britons have joined radical islamist groups in iraq and syria because there is no way of keeping track of every british passport holder . 
  solid debunking right there . 
  other sources put them around 700-800 . 
  still more than the 560 in the army . 
  out of ~ 3 million . 
  because who needs secularism or separation of church ( ahem ... mosque ) and state when you can parade how progressive you are . 
  best part about it is how effective this measure will be . 
  a muslim man in the uk is [ twice ] ( http://europe.newsweek.com/twice-many-british-muslims-fighting-isis-armed-forces-265865?rm=eu ) as likely to fight for isis than for the british army . 
  surely the women are just waiting to serve in the police force and the hijab-ban was the only thing stopping them . 
  neither you nor u/bour _ will get the karma you deserve for your concern about the privacy of random redditors who read the comments under an article that 's not hitting the front page . 
  but you have a big `` thank you '' from me , which is ... almost the same , i guess ? 
  i 'm saving your comments and will link to them if the opportunity arises . 
  confirmed . 
  tsk tsk , i 'd be kinder to the tatars if i were you . 
  chances are you 'll be queuing for a tatar passport in a couple of years . 
   russo-turkish powerhouse look , scaremongering is fun every once in a while , but when it makes you say stuff like this , you should reexamine your positions . 
  there will be no such thing , erdogan will flip flop as he has done many times before . 
  bulgaria being turned into a nato outpost is n't a good thing . 
  neither is being in an alliance with a country spiraling into dictatorship and radicalization . 
  turkey out of nato when ? 
   stuff ur butt ah , the spirit of sparta is still alive , i see . 
   adil \u00f6ks\u00fcz , a gulenist imam who was appearantly responsible for all operations in turkey , was in akinci airbase oops , i forgot that one . 
  though , to the best of my knowledge , he was briefly detained , asked why he 's there , being civilian and everything . 
  he replied that he was stargazing or something and they let him go . 
  for some reason they did n't connect the dots and he 's missing as of now . 
  was n't aware of 2 and 4 , i 'll see what i can find on them . 
  we were of gloruis orthodox brothers at the time . 
  but what happened the second we stopped being of orthodox and started being of gloruis catholicism ? 
  gloruis rex bulgarorum et blachorum kaloyan , that 's what . 
  aaah , in this case , i agree . 
  `` orthodoxy '' is interchangeable with `` panslavism '' in this context . 
   bulgaria is of orthodox brother no more * ties a horsetail to his spear * i 'm ok with that . 
  remember what happened last time we were n't of orthodox brothers ? 
  * practices shamanic throat singing * | y | bulgaria stronk under tangra !, 
  people who like to use `` orthodox '' usually use it in the context of `` we 're orthodox brothers , russia amazing , the west homogay . '', 
  i have yet to hear `` we must love each other '' following it . 
   side with kebab ww1 , and germans in ww2 wait !, 
  you speak of treason and start with the wws ? 
  really ? 
  not going to mention the great bulgarian leeroyjenkising known as the second balkan war ? 
  no such thing , that 's just crazy russophile talk . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  i just find it cool that in such a country , the athlete will stand on a podium in front of thousands of people with the kosovar anthem playing . 
  i do n't know what i 'm happier about : 1 ) that the kosovars have won gold . 
  2 ) that it has happened in brasil , which does n't recognize it as a country . 
  3 ) that the serbs are eating their hearts out and should step down from podium if their minister is to be believed . 
  this is just poetic . 
  nicely done , guys . 
  oh my , again with the `` western ignoramuses , they do n't understand how evil the gulenists are . '', 
  i am , uuh , very , very technically speaking , a westerner , so let me speak in our defense . 
  consider this : one can absolutely see the cemaat as a threat and disagree with everything erdogan does post-coup . 
  it 's not tied to his ( well-deserved ) vilification . 
  the human rights violations are a fact . 
  the boogeyman used to excuse them , is , like it or not , a ( quite plausible , but still just a ) theory . 
  the `` proof '' for the coup being organized by gulenists essentially boils down to : 1 ) erdogan says they 're gulenists . 
  2 ) they are gulenists , because the kemalists have already been purged from the army . 
  3 ) they 're gulenists , because these generals confessed after being , * ahem * , detained , for a couple of days . 
  4 ) they 're gulenists , it is known , khaleesi . 
  even if we could be 100 % sure it 's the cemaat , it 's still a clandestine organization with clandestine goals . 
  those make excellent boogeymen . 
  look , i 'm not saying they are not radical islamists , have n't infiltrated a lot of influential organizations in the country and do n't scare me . 
  nor am i saying that they are n't the most likely faction behind the coup . 
  but i 'm saying that some people are worried that the civil rights of the turkish people are being curbed to further solidify erdogan 's position . 
  the threat , though real , is vague . 
  and this presents the people in power with unlimited opportunities for scaremongering and tightening their grip on society . 
  if trading some liberty for safety is unavoidable , should n't the measures be well-defined and in response to concrete threats ? 
  the government response to the phantom menace has been broad and disproportionate . 
  people worried by this should not be dismissed with `` brainwashed westerners , they 'll support anyone who is n't erdogan . '', 
  fuck , this came out of nowhere . 
  hopefully the death toll wo n't rise any further . 
  stay strong , guys . 
  as zug can also mean `` procession , march '' , i 'd translate it as `` love parade '' . 
  also , i did n't see a pride event anywhere . 
  what the article says is basically `` 1000 people went out on the streets in support of one thing , 1000 in support of another , and 10 000 like techno and proclaiming they stand for an abstract , vague and unarguably positive human emotion . '', 
  for all bulgarians who 'll open the source just to check where we stand compared to romania : they have 4 , we have 1 . 
   you somehow know exactly what i believe no , from you behaving like a self-absorbed finger-wagger i inferred that you are a self-absorbed finger-wagger . 
  this is what you have in common with op : you are both driven not by the need to say something , but by the need to virtue-signal . 
  if your need to validate yourself as mature and grown-up is so strong that you start defending the nonexistent quality of a discussion based on a nonsensical `` idea '' with such fervor that you forget to even participate in said discussion , maybe it 's time to look for validation elsewhere . 
  you do n't have to create problems out of thin air just to show you 're so much better than some meanies on the internet . 
  i 'm sure your mom will be very impressed by her little guy . 
  you 'll enjoy the same ego boost with none of the negativity . 
   `` it 's putin doing it ! '', 
  my favorite . 
  because if it 's him the leaked data is inconsequential , unimportant and unnecessary . 
  i 'd take this article with a grain of salt . 
  one , it 's the huffingtonpost . 
  two , i have yet to find anything in turkish . 
  three , the author clearly has an agenda . 
  she blows the thing out of proportion . 
  the fact that `` gulen '' means `` laughing '' has nothing to do with putting the women in danger . 
  she links articles about domestic violence in turkey from 2-3 years ago , conveniently ignoring the fact that a much bigger leak of the private data of all turkish citizens happened two months ago , so the sensitive info is nothing new . 
   last week , turkey experienced a bloody coup that was stopped by citizens ( including women ) facing tanks and sniper fire and getting shot and killed . 
  alrighty then . 
  he uses a terror attack to spew non-sequiturs with a moralizing tone .
