  they just hate `` the man '' so much they 're willing to go with anything that 's [ anti-west ] ( http://images1.ocweekly.com/imager/u/blog/7840144/oc_womens_march_hijab_denise_delacruz.jpg ) . 
  you did n't get the joke . 
  i am very disappoint in yyyyyyyyyyyyy : ******, 
   imagine this being a turkish immigrant guy very easy thing to imagine , because , just like the turkish diaspora in germany , the finnish diaspora in say , sweden , also holds pro-finland-president-man-protests . 
  and finland president man , just like erdogan , is a dictator with a history of human rights abuses . 
  the parallels are just there . 
  sorry i 'm late to the party , but i 'll reply regardless , because it 's rare to receive a counter-argument that does n't use the opportunity to call you a commie . 
   this is because the ubi , being universal and basic , provides benefits that are unrelated to the actual hours of work an individual provides . 
  you might argue that is not only a strength , but the whole point of an ubi . 
  not only am i going to argue about it being the point of the ubi , i 'm going to ask you whether you 're against people renting property or receiving interest on money they keep in a bank . 
  income unrelated to the actual hours of work a person provides is inherent to our economic system , you know , with the whole matthew effect , money-making-money-phenomenon . 
  for me , at least in this regard , the ubi is nothing new under the sun . 
   a non-labor related cash grant , such as an ubi , would almost certainly reduce the amount of labor an individual is willing to provide [ ... ] what you would get in this scenario for any individual active in the labor market would be solely an income effect yes , and i 'm ok with that for two reasons . 
  one , i do n't think the decrease in the amount of labor a person is willing to provide will be that great . 
  we 're talking about 550 euro monthly , in finland . 
  this will cover groceries and utilities , so the big question is : will people be willing to settle for such a life ? 
  what about social life ? 
  travel ? 
  life ambitions ? 
  learning ? 
  just having an impact on the world around you in general ? 
  i 'd argue that with the safety net ubi provides , people will be freer to pursue such things . 
  and the belief that they would n't is , well , pretty valid , i guess , but not very capitalistic . 
  why would you want private ownership of capital if you believe people will be content with life and just stop working if their bare necessities are covered ? 
  the whole system is based around the human desire to strive for more . 
  freeing people of the worry that they might be homeless and hungry will encourage most of them to pursue career paths that require many years of education and/or are lousily paid . 
  like science , teaching , creative professions , etc. 
  two , a small decrease in the amount of labor an individual is willing to provide is justified . 
  with the middle class disappearing in most developed countries , prices of real estate rising disproportionately to income , etc. , i 'd argue income distribution , and not productivity , is the real problem . 
  again , if anything , having to accept long hours , low-income jobs that exist solely because human labor is cheaper than automation , just so you can pay the bills , is what hampers education and productivity . 
  nothing a ubi and progressive taxation ca n't fix . 
   everything to gain `` everything '' being what exactly ? 
  why do you think the uk can offer such incredible things , that short of being kicked out of the eu , nothing can make the other countries refuse said offers ? 
  let 's take your polish military base example . 
  this is never happening . 
  one , it 'll piss off russia , and the uk simply is n't in a position to do that to a trading partner that will only become more important post-brexit . 
  two , do you think the uk politicians would have the money and the public approval for such a thing ? 
  because to me what you 're describing sounds dangerously close to `` we send the eu 350 million pounds a week . 
  let 's fund poland instead . '', 
  the way i see it , the uk is n't in position to offer individual countries anything that significant . 
  and anything minor can very easily be overshadowed by the prospect of a more stable eu , which , like it or not , is synonymous with not going easy on the uk during the negotiations . 
  haha , no . 
  i ca n't think of a single country ( not counting scotland and northern ireland , obviously ) that would benefit more from any deal the uk can offer it than from its position in the eu . 
  the economic benefits of having a `` united eu front '' far outweigh any promises the uk can make . 
   the group believes that ubi would remove the incentive for citizens to work and would shrink the labour force by encouraging people to take more time off , as well as making less attractive jobs easier to refuse . 
  `` b. . . but how are we going to have wageslaves when people are provided with the lavish income of ~ 500 euro ? '', 
  i know the term `` wageslave '' is overused here on reddit , but if you believe that people will stop working if you cover the `` physiological needs '' - section of maslow 's hierarchy , you know very well you 're lamenting the possible loss of your slaves . 
   acteuropa is a movement fighting for a strong and sovereign europe in an uncertain world . 
  we fight against the forces of anti-europeanism , corruption and foreign imperialism . 
  to participate and help shape our movement , subscribe and act - for europe !, 
  and subscribed . 
  thank you for that . 
  god i upvoted this so hard the reddit servers across the atlantic felt it . 
  we 're at a crossroads where we must decide what constitutes a nation and a country . 
  is it language , tradition , something you 're born into ? 
  or is it something like `` values '' , which is far more demanding , polarizing and harder to define ? 
  i think picking the latter and avoiding the easier definition will be the greatest struggle of our generation . 
  no , friend . 
  you do n't get it . 
  the nation-state is a good thing if it serves either the interests of russia or the current isolationism and exceptionalism that 's taking hold in the anglosphere . 
  it remains a bad thing in any other context . 
  yeah , i loved the `` the eu is just rich countries helping poor countries because of the goodness of their hearts and socialism '' . 
  excellent understanding there . 
   what kind of people is this enough for ? 
  did you read the comments ? 
  '' ( ( ( they ) ) ) are planning a new world government , '' says a user called `` preserve the white race '' . 
  `` oy gevalt that was a close one , '' says one mr. goldstein shekelburg . 
  basically it 's a video meant for a certain demographic and no one else . 
  if you 're not subscribed to the circlejerk , good luck learning anything and/or seeing things from a new perspective . 
  i 've lived there . 
  used to speak it fairly well back in the day , too , but `` back in the day '' was 13 years ago . 
  wow , i never thought talking about turkish politics could get even more depressing . 
  yeah , i know , i speak some turkish . 
  ugh , `` understand '' more than `` speak '' , really , it 's almost entirely passive nowadays , but i can still watch and read most things without a problem . 
  [ at 7:38 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjsaulhfwfk ) , i ca n't remember seeing a crowd that triggered in a while . 
  just hear that roar . 
  i 'm in love . 
  here 's hoping she does n't end up in jail for this . 
   afd member of the parliament : `` we should throw gays into prison too like they do in muslim countries ! '', 
  you know , i had a hard time believing this , so i had to read the article . 
  holy shit . 
  but !, 
  but !!!!, 
  but !!!!!!, 
  i wanted to share the very reasonable excuse of the afd :  diese behauptung ist falsch . 
  `` no , no , you see , i have no beef with the homos . 
  i just hate all of you , degenerate public-affection-dispalying scum . '', 
  crisis . 
  averted . 
   they are not the only target , but they will be targeted , too . 
  any damage done to them as a side effect would be a great achievement . 
  `` hey , i 'm ok with my house burning down to the ground if the neighbor 's barn also catches fire . '', 
   they summarize articles in a way that is true but gives a wrong impression of the articles content at the same time . 
  which is why other comments call them out . 
  and without the links to the articles themselves , all you 'll be left with is that summary . 
  people wo n't magically stop voicing their opinions and parroting things they 've heard just because they ca n't link to an article . 
  how is this going to lead to less and not more misinformation ? 
  not to mention that the whole fight against `` fake news '' is silly . 
  the whole term is incredibly loose and easily abused by the powers of the day . 
  who is the arbiter of what 's fake and what 's not ?
