  i wonder how/whether you 're going to make an argument for this . 
  what do they have to gain from our fear ? 
  if you say `` radicalization of muslim minorities '' or anything of the kind , then they do n't want us * ultimately * scared . 
  they want more warriors for their cause , whatever their * ultimate * cause you think might be . 
  your whole argument hangs on this idea that us being scared ultimately makes life better for them . 
  how ? 
  i think you have it backwards . 
  for them , fear is either an instrument or a side effect of their actions . 
  they themselves state they do it in the name of allah . 
  if you 're going to say `` no , they do it in the name of fear , not god '' , it 's up to you to provide argumentation . 
  `` jafar killed the kafir , became a martyr and is in heaven now . 
  but damn , this calm dude with his beer really threw a wrench in his works . 
  truly , we lost today . '', 
  - terrorists , probably . 
  psa : op is technically correct , the `` slavic alphabet '' was indeed created by st. cyril and methodius . 
  this would be the [ glagolitic alphabet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glagolitic_script#characteristics ) , however , not the cyrillic , which was based on it , but created by one of their students , st. clement of ohrid . 
  the cyrillic is much less phallic , fyi . 
   and these hard times again , in these streets of our city ,  but we wo n't take defeat and we do n't want your pity . 
  you want none of my pity . 
  that 's ok , in i 'll chime , for my little rebuttal i shall , too , speak in rhyme . 
   because this is a place where we stand strong together ,  with a smile on our face , greater manchester forever . 
  you can smile all you want , it wo n't get you ahead , for your foe 'd gladly die so that you , too , are dead . 
   and we 've got this place where a team with a dream  can get funding and something to help with a scheme . 
  the sheer nonsense of this drives me mad , makes me scream : for you , funding negates all the deaths , it would seem . 
   because this is a place that understands your grand plans . 
   we do n't do `` no can do '' we just stress `` yes we can '' no !, 
  to radical islam , `` no can do ! '', 
  say , you ass . 
  put your foot down , you clown , tell it `` you shall not pass ! '', 
   because this is the place in our hearts , in our homes ,  because this is the place that 's a part of our bones . 
  this is all the more reason to do something !, 
  oh god , what is wrong with the crowd , why do these folks applaud ? 
  they should boo you . 
  and the reason for that is , old chap , you have taken `` defiance '' for `` complacent , smug crap '' . 
  you were technically wrong , but not only about the hitler thing . 
  let 's examine this hilarious quote :  one example , russia freed bulgaria from turkey and actually left , they were independent . 
  do you know what happened next ? 
  they became allies with hitler and attacked us in 1941 . 
  nothing happened in between these events , mate ? 
  you sure ? 
  one moment it 's 1878 and you 're liberating us out of the goodness of your hearts , the next moment it 's 1941 and we 're siding with hitler against you . 
  let 's see what wikipedia has to say about it :  these events made alexander very popular in bulgaria , but russia was increasingly dissatisfied at the liberal tendencies under his reign . 
  in august 1886 they fomented a coup , in the course of which alexander was forced to abdicate and was exiled to russia . 
  stambolov , however , acted quickly and the participants in the coup were forced to flee the country . 
  stambolov tried to reinstate alexander , but strong russian opposition forced the prince to abdicate again . 
  in july 1887 the bulgarians elected ferdinand of saxe-coburg-gotha as their new prince . 
  hey , thanks for leaving us alone , slavic orthodox brothers . 
  look at the silver lining , though : ferdinand gave you a reason to whine about a bulgarian betrayal as early as wwi , i do n't know whether you 'd be able to last until wwii without your perpetual `` we 're the good guys , the world is out to get us for no reason '' - complex . 
   as a statement against revisionism and the removing of countries  commenters are searching for something to nitpick you did remove the kosovar kebab . 
  kinda ironic and not a very nitpicky complaint . 
  with that being said , i hope you know i was being tongue-in-cheek . 
  i think most people appreciate your good intent , we 're just having fun with the map is all . 
  aahahaha , op , did you label the map yourself ? 
  everything written in the arabic script is hilarious . 
  from misspelling country names , to not ligating letters properly , to downright spelling tunisia as aisinut . 
  also , no kosovo . 
  yes , silly me , i forgot about all the gender-neutral wars the austrian women have fought in . 
  metaphorically , yes . 
  literally , it 's about combat . 
  i mean , every anthem in the second category can be interpreted as `` resilience , not giving up '' . 
  i just do n't like it when battle is the main theme , i guess . 
  it 's hard to draw an exact line when it comes to personal preference . 
  for example , the romanian anthem is pretty much a call to arms , yet i do n't feel like it 's * about * fighting and i like it better than the others . 
   countries change and so may anthems . 
  not if we 're talking about the countries ' history . 
  other than then , you know what , you 're right . 
  i was seeing a militant theme ( e.g. 
  the `` treue schwoeren '' - part does not have to refer to anything combat-related ) throughout the anthem , and the more i 'm thinking about it now , the more i see my interpretation was wrong and it 's confined to the second stanza only . 
  fine , austria gets promoted to the first place . 
  use this newfound power wisely , austria . 
  use it for good . 
  weird classification . 
  is n't every anthem about the country ? 
  i like listening to national anthems and i have my own personal classification for anthems based on the lyrics . 
  from best to worst ( do n't read further if you 're easily offended by someone considering your country 's anthem 's lyrics inferior to some other country 's anthem ) : 1 . 
  anthems that show you what the people in the country stand for , or what they are fighting for . 
  ideally , when i listen to an anthem , i want to say `` so this is what these guys are all about . '', 
  examples : germany , greece , lithuania , poland , romania , ukraine . 
  anthems that are too militant or threatening . 
  some songs are great military marches , no so great anthems . 
  do you want to appear as a scary bunch every time your anthem is played ? 
  oh well , at least those are memorable . 
  examples : albania , france , turkey , usa . 
  anthems that are boring . 
  those come in two flavors : `` our nature is pwetty '' ( bulgaria ; switzerland , kind of ) and `` we wuv our countwy vewy much '' ( russia ) . 
  a little secret , mates : every country has beautiful nature , everyone loves their home country . 
  oh well , at least those are n't annoying to listen to , which brings us to : 4 . 
  anthems that have lyrics i find distasteful or downright insulting . 
  those also come in two flavors : the prayer ( hungary , serbia , uk ) and the gender-neutralized ones ( austria , canada ) . 
  the former is a bad ( uk ) or silly ( hungary , serbia ) way to represent your country , the latter retroactively erases the accomplishments of the men who 've shed their blood for it . 
  itt : people going `` but they vote for erdo , they must want dictatorship '' you 're only half right . 
  look , they also vote in north korea . 
  do you consider the results there the will of the people ? 
  what 's the line after which you say that the election is a farce ? 
  people shape governments , but governments can also shape people . 
  turkey is the country that 's highest in jailed journalists per capita . 
  erdogan suppresses the opposition and a huge number of people are exposed to his propaganda only . 
  they never hear the arguments of the opposing side . 
  add religion to the mix and you can see why so many vote for him . 
  i 'd say that without freedom of speech , the `` will of the people '' - argument is n't valid , because said will is n't a product of the free market of ideas , but of government influence .
