  this regulation creates a demand for * european * media . 
  it does not create a demand for * good * european media . 
  therefore , a thousand hours of video of a man dressed as a cat running in circles around the eiffel tower that cost 15 $ to make fulfill that demand the same as a multi-million euro production . 
  because creating such a terrible `` movie '' fulfills the criteria for the least amount of cost , it is the path of least resistance , which netflix will take . 
  it protects local content from competing with international content in runtime . 
  not in quality . 
  people wo n't suddenly start watching european media because the eu said so , and all netflix has to do is find a few thousand hours of filler for the cheapest price . 
  there are plenty of movies/shows with ginormous marketing budgets that crashed harder than the hindenburg . 
  just look at battleship . 
  by contrast , shows like westworld barely got any marketing ( at least i have n't seen any other than a few facebook shares ) , and they are still very popular around here . 
  european media is usually shit . 
  i wo n't lump all of it together , but i can speak for greek productions and claim that the vast majority of them are absolutely terrible . 
  if they want to survive , they have to adjust to what the people want , not beg for subsidies or regulations that wo n't even have an effect . 
  this is one of the worst examples of trying to shove ~ culture ~ down people 's throats , but thankfully , there are plenty of ways to get around it . 
  or they can film ten thousand hours of paint drying on the wall in downtown paris and call it a series . 
  total cost : a 10 $ camera and whatever the storage in their servers costs . 
  effect of this regulation : none at all . 
  this is another stupid attempt to set up a nanny state . 
  people know what they like , let them choose without forcing it down their throat . 
  protectionism creates perverse incentives , or as a wise man somewhere once said , ` the moment you use a metric to create policy , it ceases to be useful ' . 
  here 's what * is * going to happen : netflix can just buy a few thousand hours of home video/terrible amateur flicks/video of grass growing to fill the quota , at a total cost of a few thousand bucks . 
  it 's ~ culture ~ , and because you ca n't define what is art and what is not ( just look at modern art shows ) , it will fill the quota without making any actual difference . 
  nobody will watch them either . 
  european media should learn to compete , or it should rightfully be crushed by the forces of the market . 
  anything else is inefficient and unjustifiable . 
  debt forgiveness is a crutch . 
  you could forgive * all * of greece 's debt tomorrow , and in five years we would be back where we started because the greek economy is diseased by design . 
  i agree that the debt might not be sustainable , but it is a vital tool to force the greek government to perform the vital reforms that will grant it long-term stability . 
  only cut the debt * after * greece has stopped pursuing its communist dreams . 
  not all greeks fall for that ` germany is the bad guy ' propaganda that the state keeps churning out . 
  like keldore said , what greece needs is a complete overhaul and liberalization of its economy , labor laws and social security system that stops artificially inflating quality of life without the accompanying productivity . 
  the greek policy for the past few decades has been to steal from the future . 
  i fully support any move by germany to force our idiotic governments to finally accept the facts of a global economy and liberalize . 
  liberalism is the only way forward . 
  the problem is n't that germany is adopting too much of it , it is that the stubborn south does n't want to produce anything . 
  ( and i say this as someone who was born and has lived in greece his entire life ) . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  are people * proud * about their governments micromanaging the lives of their subje - i mean citizens ? 
  that is not what our debtors * wanted * us to do . 
  they wanted to cut public spending by gutting the hordes of useless paperpushers that are employed at every level of government , and that were hired only to buy the votes of them and their families , and they wanted to loosen our idiotic labor laws to let businesses finally open . 
  but due to a sizable fraction of idiots ( read : communists ) and decades of toxic socialist rhetoric , these reforms are political suicide , so every government so far has accepted budget equivalents like cutting education/health spending and increasing taxation . 
  what greece needs is * less * control over its economic policies , not less . 
  get someone in charge who understands economics and does n't care about getting re-elected . 
  do n't forget draconian laws that punish businesses before they have even sold their first item . 
  no do n't you get it , the ussr was a paragon of prosperity and people were totally not trying to run away from east germany . 
  venezuela is another great example of how socialism is amazing . 
  oh , i agree . 
  free speech is paramount . 
  but if nazi propaganda is banned , then so should communist propaganda . 
  they are two sides of the same coin . 
  in greece ? 
  no businessman/woman is dumb enough to do that . 
  do you want brownouts ? 
  because this is how you get brownouts . 
  i do n't understand why you are being downvoted . 
  taxation in greece has ventured beyond the ridiculous and into the * completely batshit insane * , but nobody has the guts to pull the bandaid and slash spending that we ca n't afford instead of taxing the private sector deeper into its grave . 
  creating an entire class dependent on the government for handouts is the fastest way to get to totalitarianism . 
  i would love to see the relevant government policies . 
  nobody is holding down demand . 
  if germans wanted more imported goods , they would buy them . 
  supply and demand . 
  and the money is going to be collected by ... wait for it ... taxes !, 
  how else are you going to extract it ? 
  i am saying that government should at least be reduced to a few basic core functions ( defense , police , law ) and the rest should be left to the private sector . 
  democracy then becomes irrelevant because people can vote with their wallets and their feet . 
  i struggle to come up with another source of income for a ` perfect ' state , aside from a few niches . 
  the oil-wells are drying up , printing more money is an indirect tax due to inflation , aaaaaand ... ? 
  yeah , they are . 
  it 's simple deductive reasoning . 
  a very large fraction of the voting population is retired , employed by the government , or otherwise benefiting from government money , that it gets by taxes . 
  their voting patterns can usually be summed down to ` more subsidies/higher pensions/more cash for public sector workers ' , which the private sector has to pay for . 
  do you see the conflict of interest that is impossible to resolve ? 
  one half of the population wants to ride off the work of the other half , you ca n't claim that they can ` unite ' . 
  nobody claimed that they were ideal . 
  but if ` our own hands ' means that a large fraction of the population can vote to take even more of my family 's income away , no thanks . 
  for what it 's worth , i usually vote for one of the parties that have yet to enter parliament and best represent my views ( recreate greece ) . 
  no , because we have radically different ideas . 
  perhaps not you or i , but historically , parties formed to represent the opinions of groups with differing opinions . 
  take the easily understood issue of abortion , for example . 
  some people want to make it illegal , others want it to stay legal . 
  they ca n't ` unite ' , especially if that is a deciding issue for them . 
  but that 's * your * definition of prosperity , and there are several things that i disagree with off the bat . 
  i do n't want * free and good * education , i want * excellent * education that i can choose for my child from a variety of private sector offerings , with their own curriculum that is not defined by the state . 
  i want to keep all ( or at the very least most ) of what i earn without giving it away as tax , and to be able to choose a private pension fund , private health insurance and private utility companies without subsidizing everyone else . 
  i want * choice * . 
  and that 's a ` mild ' difference in opinion . 
  as long as there is a large group of people with the power to vote part of my income away for themselves , i am going to align with other like-minded individuals to vote for parties that promise to let me keep more of what i earn and to give me the opportunity to choose what i want to pay for . 
  this is why government has to be devolved : so people can freely choose . 
  you have your preferences , i have mine , we can coexist if we stay out of each-others ' ways . 
  prosperity is a very subjective , loaded term that nobody can agree on . 
  for golden dawn , prosperity is getting rid of immigrants , for kke prosperity is hanging small business owners from lampposts using their own bowels as rope . 
  for pasok it was for the entire country to have a public sector job where they do n't work and get paid for existing , for nd it was the same as pasok but christian . 
  politics is not about how to achieve goals , it is * which those goals are * , a process that is inherently unsolvable by deduction because you ca n't measure it . 
  parties will exist and be necessary for as long as large groups of people with different preferences for prosperity are forced to act together . 
  that is the vice of democracy . 
  the solution is to devolve government as much as humanly possible so that each individual can freely pursue prosperity in their own way , without being bound by the preferences of others ( as long as they are not using force against them ) . 
  they * should * erase that money . 
  tax evasion is a sign that taxes are too high and should be lowered , along with expenses . 
  gut the public sector and get rid of all of the useless paperpushers whose jobs could be performed with a simple computer system . 
  but in this case , they * are * right .
