rural areas always have problems with crime . 
  in fact , there was an attempted break-in in my home a few months ago while i was inside , and there have been several in my neighborhood . 
  people have been injured and one old man was killed . 
  the police needs at least 15 minutes to reach us , and in a home invasion , the outcome is determined in seconds . 
  so excuse me if i want a fighting chance against professional robbers . 
  excuse me for not wanting to be killed by taking on a 6 ' 4 ex-con with a kitchen knife . 
  guns are the great equalizer that lets the weakest of us take on the toughest criminals . 
  ` masculinity porn ' is just a useless appeal to emotion . 
  demanding to be allowed to defend one 's self in the terrible event of a home invasion is n't some macho display , it is a real concern that will exist for as long as law enforcement does n't have 30 second reaction times or teleporters . 
  itt : defending one 's family from home invaders is not a legitimate purpose . 
  you consider individuals expendable , then ? 
  should people not have a right to defend themselves ? 
  they voted not to though , their government just ignored them . 
  and that 's without bringing up just how ** stupid ** this law is in the first place , how tiny of an effect it will have on criminals while severely impacting lawful citizens , and how absolutely atrocious it is that the eu is trying to force-feed its nanny-state policies through what was supposed to be an economic union . 
  sometimes i think that everyone in europe has lost their minds and switzerland ( and liechtenstein , but it 's tiny ) is the only bastion of hope for sanity . 
  do n't like it , too bad ? 
  holy fuck , i am generally favorable to the eu , but it is stuff like this that makes me bring the whole corrupt nanny state down . 
  i really hope that switzerland decides to leave all of this crap `` daddy eu knows best '' crap and keep their dedication to liberty and privacy . 
  the reason we do n't have political stability like the us is that the executive and legislative branches are synonymous . 
  we ( sadly ) do n't hold separate elections for them . 
  i do n't get that either . 
  these people should be represented . 
  i do n't see many libertarians hanging around in / r/europe . 
  i would love to move to liechtenstein as well , but admittedly , things are easier because i have a eu passport . 
  you are absolutely right , and the reason for our failings is our socialist populist governments . 
  balkan and former ussr nations got their fix of communism , they rejected it for the sham it is , and now they are accelerating towards a freer , better future . 
  in the meantime , greeks believe that they can bring money into existence out of nothing simply because the god of socialism wills it . 
  unemployment and high costs of living are a direct result of insane labor regulations and devastating taxation that has driven business out of the country . 
  we need to be hammered into not being a socialist failed state . 
  there really is no other way to fix a country that keeps voting in the most awful populist governments and expects money to grow on trees . 
  i would love it if european technocrats took over to be honest . 
  the cancer of greek socialist politics can not be defeated without external aid . 
  we had exams today ( auth ) . 
  people were grilling a few meters away from the lecture hall . 
  it was maddening . 
  the translation that u/brigandiner posted is right on point . 
  my country 's fiscal problems are almost strictly internal and the result of decades of left wing populism , not some evil european plot . 
  the only thing that has kept us from becoming a socialist shithole like a venezuela 2.0 is the eu and the imf . 
  yeah , i derped there . 
  classical liberals are liberal socially and conservative fiscally , i was just thinking liberal = pro freedom . 
  classical liberals are both socially and fiscally liberal . 
  why would you support this insane system that treats people like pawns to be used on a chessboard ? 
  that 's just temporary excel tricks that our government does to get the numbers up , it is not sustainable . 
  all businesses were forced to pay not only this year 's taxes , but next year 's in advance as well , so the numbers look neat on the books but will plummet in the next fiscal year . 
  the middle class is being ransacked to prop up the bankrupt social welfare system . 
  it 's a ponzi scheme , and nobody wants to take the political cost of telling it as it is . 
  i am down to hoping that the conservative government that will inevitably follow this ` real socialism ' trainwreck will actually follow through with its claims of being fiscally conservative , but i sincerely doubt they will do what needs to be done . 
  we need europe to save us from ourselves . 
  sadly , there is a huge disconnect between what europe/the imf/etc . 
  want us to do , and what our governments actually do . 
  the measures that they told us to follow would have been amazing , liberalizing our soviet-esque economy and cutting taxes across the board to let the market flourish , but our politicians decided to offer equivalent tax increases instead . 
  you are right . 
  we need privatization . 
  we need to tie pensions to pension fund contributions , since almost everyone on pension gets more out of the system than they put in - and the cost is passed on to taxpayers , closing down businesses and impoverishing everyone else . 
  but if we leave the euro , greece will be left at the mercy of its socialism-dominated politics , to become another failed state like so many ssrs before it . 
  we need to stay in the euro so smarter people ( read : not greek politicians ) can use it as leverage to force us to reform . 
  even if greece 's debts were all forgiven tomorrow , no strings attached , we would still end up in a bottomless pit within a generation . 
  the only way anyone gets elected is if they give out free money , and since we do n't have the industry to support that ( hint : taxation and a sprawling bureaucracy chased them away ) , we are forced to borrow . 
  defaulting will solve nothing . 
  the situation in greece is not the eu 's fault . 
  it 's the result of decades of populist pandering and the buying of voters through giving out money that was meant to be used to build infrastructure . 
  nd disappointed me after mitsotakis ( junior ? ), 
  took over , to be honest . 
  i expected a far more radical ousting of the statist elements and some bold libertarian policies , like those his father had tried to enforce , but i guess that would be political suicide . 
  drassi joining up is a good sign though . 
  i 'm less worried about syriza being ousted ( none of the polls seem to give those charlatans any time in the sun ) and more about nd doing the right thing for once . 
  hey , i classify as an ` anarchowhatever ' , although on the other ( far , far , far other ) end of the spectrum . 
  i guess i 'm an extreme libertarian . 
  i still hold my nose and vote for nd when election time comes around , although recreate greece looked awfully appealing in the last elections . 
  which university do you study at , if i may ask ? 
  i 'm in auth , and between the drug addicts roaming the campus and the leftist fascists ruining everything , it 's been an insane experience . 
  it 's refreshing to see a fellow greek libertarian ( i assume ? ) . 
  three years in university , and i have only met a handful . 
  privatization is only a disaster when it is performed in the same fashion as the public sector : with corruption . 
  when privatization was performed properly and was accompanied by political reform ( like in the uk under thatcher ) , it had a major positive effect in both the service itself and the economy . 
  it is only in cases like the former ussr that privatization went foul , and even then , several pieces of literature suggest that things would be * worse * without the privatization . 
  in our case , the privatization should be accompanied by legal reform to allow businesses to operate profitably without resorting to corruption , and a long moratorium on further upward meddling with taxation rates and regulations . 
  and of course , no government granted monopolies , like the stranglehold oasth has in thessaloniki . 
  it does n't count as privatization if it does n't play by the rules of the free market . 
  what we should be moving towards is the example of switzerland or liechtenstein . 
  or estonia , that 's probably a closest comparison . 
  forgot to add it at first . 
  spending cuts were made in the wrong sectors . 
  the biggest problem is our redistributory pension and social welfare system , which sucks a very meaningful percentage of our gdp and pays out pensions that the contributions almost never paid for . 
  the first measure that we should have taken is burning the redistribution system into the ground and replacing it with a ` what you pay is what you get ' that only guarantees a minimum living pension . 
  that would have kept the funds solvent , and it would have prevented the continuing strangulation of our already overmilked private sector . 
  the public sector should be next , where major cuts in staffing must be made . 
  i said it in a comment above , but having seen how the inside of several public services works , 90 % of their jobs could be automated using cheap it replacements . 
  the rest should be meticulously and continuously assessed by both internal and external assessors ( including from equivalent european services ) . 
  operate the public sector like a damn corporation , kick out ineffective employees and hire those with the actual skills for the job . 
  so far , the government has done almost nothing that europe and the imf recommended , instead offering absurd compensatory taxation policies that do n't affect its loyal base of leeches . 
  private enterprise is treated like a crime in our miniature greek ssr , and eventually , the last ` suckers ' will pack up and let the whole thing crash and burn by its own insolvency . 
  i ca n't wait to leave this nightmare . 
  no , most of it goes towards our piece-of-crap social `` security '' and `` welfare '' system , the rest is eaten up by a gluttonous and useless public sector that could be slashed to 10 % simply by replacing most of the offices with internet services . 
  we * should * have absolutely butchered our public sector and privatized anything that we could , but that does n't make for a nice election bite . 
  instead , the state keeps milking businesses and europe to keep its partisan voter army going . 
  you either mistake ` rights ' with ` guarantees ' , or you have a hopelessly nihilist attitude about that world that i ca n't do anything about . 
  you ca n't just dismiss thousands of years of dialectic and philosophical debate about the nature of social norms and rights as ` male ego ' . 
  what are you even talking about . 
  '' . . originating from man 's right to own his own body ... '' explicitly excludes slavery .
