  you can eat whatever you like . 
  you just ca n't illegally discriminate against importing certain foodstuffs , in defiance of scientific consensus and wto rulings against you . 
   i dont have a problem with us products too , at least if its not the genetic manipulated ones and if they are approved by our authorities . 
  oh you mean those ones supported by overwhelming scientific consensus , and which the wto has repeated told you you can not discriminate against on the basis of being gm , yet the eu continues to do so ? 
   again , we are talking about same sex marriage actually , no . 
  the top-level comment was about gays * in general * being offensive to allah . 
  this is not a statement about gay marriage specifically , but about muslim views of homosexuality in general . 
  you then drew a false equivalence between those views and the fact that poland does n't have gay marriage . 
  this is shameful , to compare poland 's quite civil treatment of lgbt people with that of the muslim world . 
   and as it is , hardcore christians are opposed to it , just as most muslims are opposed to it yet again comparing a minority of `` hardcore '' christians to the overwhelming majority of muslims and the legal code in every muslim country on earth . 
  really good comparison there . 
  very honest of you . 
   there is honestly no reason for you to be that butthurt mate , i 'm not the one going on and on about how funny my le joak was . 
   yes ? 
  yep , nothing says `` peaceful '' quite like openly advocating the criminalisation of homosexuality , death for apostasy , violent antisemitism , the legal inferiority of women , disproportionately high rates of violent and sexual crime , and constant terrorist atrocities . 
  so very peaceful . 
  i notice you * yet again * refuse to acknowledge that half of * european * muslims think being gay ought to be a crime in europe . 
  this is not a problem with `` islam in the way it is practiced in most of the middle east '' , while european muslims are peaceful . 
  but of course you conveniently ignore that and have only good things to say about islam as it 's practised in europe . 
  of course . 
   again , we are talking about same sex marriage actually , no . 
  the top-level comment was about gays * in general * being offensive to allah . 
  this is not a statement about gay marriage specifically , but about muslim views of homosexuality in general . 
  you then drew a false equivalence between those views and the fact that poland does n't have gay marriage . 
  this is shameful , to compare poland 's quite civil treatment of lgbt people with that of the muslim world . 
   and as it is , hardcore christians are opposed to it , just as most muslims are opposed to it yet again comparing a minority of `` hardcore '' christians to the overwhelming majority of muslims and the legal code in every muslim country on earth . 
  really good comparison there . 
  very honest of you . 
   there is honestly no reason for you to be that butthurt mate , i 'm not the one going on and on about how funny my le joak was . 
   yes ? 
  yep , nothing says `` peaceful '' quite like openly advocating the criminalisation of homosexuality , death for apostasy , violent antisemitism , the legal inferiority of women , disproportionately high rates of violent and sexual crime , and constant terrorist atrocities . 
  so very peaceful . 
  i notice you * yet again * refuse to acknowledge that half of * european * muslims think being gay ought to be a crime in europe . 
  this is not a problem with `` islam in the way it is practiced in most of the middle east '' , while european muslims are peaceful . 
  but of course you conveniently ignore that and have only good things to say about islam as it 's practised in europe . 
  of course . 
   at least 19 people apparently thought of found it funny . 
  no , they agreed with it . 
  that does n't mean they found it * funny * . 
   muslims got a huge lobby in politics in germany . 
  okay . 
  yeah . 
  concern for the muslim world is certainly an aspect of german politics . 
   at least 28 people felt different . 
  no , they just downvoted him . 
  that * in no way * suggests they think you 're funnier than him . 
  you really really do n't seem to understand how humour works . 
  like , at all . 
   that 's not what i said . 
  yes it was . 
  when you consciously choose to compare poland 's marriage laws to wider muslim views on homosexuality , you are deliberately creating a false equivalency . 
   again i never said that and even if i did i dont see a lot wrong with it . 
  of course you do n't see a lot wrong with it . 
  that 's because you 're either ignorant or dishonest . 
   i can do it for you . 
  islam in the way it is practiced in most of the middle east sucks as opposed to the peaceful way it 's practised in europe ? 
  you know , where it 's responsible for terrorism , rape , and the oppression of the female half of the world ? 
  half of european muslims think it should be a crime to be gay , and almost all think it should be a crime to insult islam . 
  but sure , it 's just `` the way it is practiced in most of the middle east '' that 's the problem . 
   and there 's a large portion of towelheads getting triggered easily zwei edgy vier me , mate . 
   no need to get triggered , limey . 
  good thing i 'm neither triggered nor a limey then . 
  you really should stop trying to make jokes , mate . 
  it 's not a good look on you . 
   other than the fact that i was just making a lighthearted joke if that 's your idea of a joke , then apparently you are the reason for the stereotypes about germans and humour . 
   those 3 to 5 % muslims in germany probably are n't cdu/csu or afd voters , so his joke does n't have a basis they do n't need to be in order to have an impact on legislation . 
  gay people are a small fraction of the electorate as well , yet they are able to garner political support beyond their pure numbers . 
   and is not funny . 
  still funnier than yours , mate . 
  `` poland is equivalent to muslims when it comes to gay people ! '', 
  step aside , buster keaton . 
  we do n't need you any more , groucho . 
   other than that the question is about same sex marriage not about how lgbt-tolerant people are . 
  and in singling out marriage rights so as to portray poland as being on the same level as muslim societies , you are being either ignorant or deliberately disingenuous , because god forbid anyone say something not nice about poor ol' islam . 
  and poland has historically been one of the world 's most lgbt-tolerant societies . 
  homosexuality was never illegal , gays were never barred from giving blood , etc. 
  meanwhile isis throw gays off buildings and half of * european * muslims think simply being gay should be a crime . 
  so let 's have some fucking decency and not try to act like one is equivalent to the other . 
  i suppose brits would be justified in hating india and pakistan then ? 
  after all , they gave britain `` a giant middle finger '' . 
  or , just maybe , it 's not a personal attack to want to leave a union you feel does not represent your national interests and the eu has been the side moaning , taking offense , and making threats of punitive treatment . 
   to say if they go or not , not how , and not on what will happen to them afterwards . 
  that 's because , like almost every other country on earth , we 're not switzerland and thus not a direct democracy . 
  scots will not vote directly on the terms of leaving , but neither will anyone else . 
   brexit is not just a foreign policy matter . 
  if you ca n't see this by now then you 've managed to sustain some astounding ignorance . 
  of course it 's a foreign policy issue . 
  that is has knock-on effects does n't change that in the least . 
  the second world war had quite massive knock-on effects domestically , yet was quite plainly a foreign , not domestic , affair . 
   you just ignored everything i said before about how they 're not being represented here because it 's untrue and they are being represented . 
  more than any other group in the uk are , in fact . 
   while correct this is not the main matter at hand , given that parliament isnt dictating the nature of brexit . 
  tory areas did n't complain they `` were n't being represented '' when there was a labour government . 
  perhaps this is because they understand representative democracy rather better than you seem to . 
   the problem is that scotland wants to take a fundamentally different course than the rest of the uk sure . 
  the mayor of tewkesbury might well want to take a fundamentally different course on europe . 
  london certainly does . 
  but it does n't matter whatsoever because they have no special say in the matter * as a distinct political entity * . 
  scots showed in 2014 they wanted to stay aboard ship and hold course with the uk , and polls indicate the same currently , so evidently they are n't as fundamentally opposed to britain 's course vis-a-vis the eu as you claim . 
  this is further supported by scottish turnout for the referendum being notably low , especially in strong remain areas .
