  i 'm truly sorry you 're such an ignorant and vile person that you think opposing views are evil , or else that you 're so wilfully ignorant that you think trump is racist , homophobic , or any more sexist and abusive than the precious bill clinton . 
   lmfao , yeah , this is definitely me playing sides , and this has nothing at all to do with the type of human being trump is . 
  you keep thinking that . 
  an infinitely better one than the cretin your mother raised , that 's for damn sure . 
   it was a very cunt-y statement . 
  `` besides the whole assassination of an innocent woman thing , not a shot was fired ! '', 
  `` besides that thing that did n't have to do with our campaign , not a shot was fired ! '', 
  funny how quiet you and your lot have been about the multiple shootings of trump supporters during and after the election cycle . 
  if i were you i 'd be keeping my fucking mouth shut about linking political violence to politicians on that side , because your boys are more guilty than anyone recently . 
   fair enough , it 's true a total scumbag would n't be at all disturbed by trump . 
  `` if you disagree with me you 're a scumbag !! '', 
  top rhetoric there . 
  must be some of that hate i keep hearing trump legitimised . 
  if you bothered to learn things rather than make wild , insulting , and completely false assumptions about anyone who dares to disagree with your utter bullshit , you 'd know that i voted for clinton . 
  but people like you are a cancer to their party and a shame to their nation . 
  it 's people like you , who loathe the democratic system when the other guy wins and who constantly demonise any opposition as evil bigots unworthy of any humanity , who are the threat to liberal democracy , not donald fucking trump or are nige . 
   you do n't think bragging about leave winning `` without a single bullet being fired '' after one of your mp 's was murdered in cold blood makes you a cunt ? 
  not one bit . 
  if you think that was what was meant , or that a crazy man killing jo cox taints what was a peacefully - , politically-achieved accomplishment , or that taking pride in paving the way for significant constitutional reform through ballots not bullets ( unlike the shadow chancellor has encouraged to absolute silence from people like you , you 'll note ) makes you a cunt , then i put it to you that you 're a far bigger cunt than any farage has been in their family history . 
   you do n't have to understand or even come close to understanding our politics to ~ ~ see ~ ~ ** think ** trump is disturbing ftfy . 
   do i need to be an expert in your politics to know that farage is a cunt ? 
  to * think * he is ? 
  no , of course not . 
  to * know * something despite self-admitted ignorance on the topic ? 
  that 's a tall order , mate . 
  rape does not cease to exist over the age of consent , only statutory rape . 
  and the age of consent in england and wales is 16 , not 18 . 
  it is however highly illegal to pimp out anyone under the age of majority which is 18 and illegal to groom children as well as to abuse and rape anyone , regardless of age . 
   lolwat that was ascribed to the islamist perspective . 
  if you ca n't be bothered to read properly or are n't capable of understanding basic sentences , that 's your own problem . 
  you 're certainly capable of apologising for and deflecting from islamic terrorists at every opportunity . 
   yeah what is this effective strategy ? 
  can you try and answer without deflecting to clinton 's email server or just muh liberals ? 
  i bet you ca n't what the actual fuck are you on about ? 
  are you illiterate or are you just actually this thick ? 
  someone saying that recognising islamist motivations can help with developing counterstrategies has absolutely nothing to do with clinton 's fucking emails , nor does it require the person saying it to have already found those strategies . 
  honestly , i do n't know whether the issue is that you ca n't read or if you just ca n't think like a normal human but it 's definitely one or the other . 
   who is `` them '' ? 
  muslims ? 
  you 're bad with antecedents , are n't you ? 
   if that is the case , do you realize that turkey is a overwhelmingly muslim majority country ? 
  do you want turks to start treating themselves as non-human ? 
  that would be literally insane no more insane than the pathetic , hand-wringing , incoherent ramblings you 've just subjected us to , mate ... 
  pop metal , particularly from '80s groups , relies on catchy hooks and basic but memorable riffing . 
  i ca n't name a single sabaton song that has a riff i could remember three seconds afterwards . 
  sabaton are definitely not reminiscent of fun , tongue-in-cheek '80s party metal . 
  they 're manufactured , unoriginal , generic power metal pretension at its worst , replete with stale , repetitive instrumentation and lyrics about gustavus adolphus . 
  you could n't write anything more cliche . 
  what part of `` raping '' is confusing to you , that you consider it something the rape victim `` agreed '' to ? 
   most people in europe dont understand trump or american politics at all , though . 
  ** despite thinking they do . 
  plenty of mexicans voted for trump though , including some in my family . 
  he did better than any republican candidate in years with hispanics . 
  i 'm sorry the people actually affected by it disagree with your `` but racism ! '', 
  narrative . 
  of all the groups you could have named , sabaton are by a country mile the most generic , derivative , uninspired , `` metal-by-numbers '' bullshit i 've heard in a month of mondays . 
  their popularity never ceases to shock me . 
  i 'm very sorry you feel insulted by my assuming your consistent failures of logic were the result of a language barrier rather than fundamentally faulty reasoning . 
  most people would consider the former a more charitable assumption than the latter . 
  i 'm also sorry you seem entirely unaware of when someone is making a joke an when they are not , and that you consider yourself the wronged party here when you 're the one calling those who disagree hateful , racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic fascists . 
  for all your lovely continental smugness , you certainly seem to have a rather skewed version of both reality and of what constitutes an insult . 
   i like the swedish jokes more because i thought they were funnier you really do n't need to keep saying `` i liked the swedish ones better '' . 
  that 's been established . 
   but you have no right to tell me that funniness is an objective quality that can be measured not only do i have a perfect right to tell you that , but you 'll note that i never did . 
  for someone who goes on about how `` universal '' english is , yours seems quite lacking . 
  good job not only misquoting the maxim , but adding a corollary that actively * detracts * from the meaning , as there is plainly plenty of room for dispute over colours . 
   pewdiepie that that 's your idea of insightful , incisive , edgy comedy says a lot . 
   and have you even seen the state of / r/the _ donald ? 
  yes . 
   they are dead serious about this guy no they are n't . 
  you have ( accidentally ) proven one thing at least : * recognising * a joke in a second language seems quite hard for you . 
   anyone who calls them out is banned immediately no they are n't . 
  there * are * however countless subs that will ban you simply for having posted there . 
   they are anti-choice , pro-russia , authoritarian , racist , misogynistic , homophobic , islamophobic , a hypocritical `` free speech '' rallying point , and censoring any differing opinion . 
  i did n't know a person could be wrong quite so many times in rapid succession . 
  but good job knowing exactly fuck-all about any of the people you 've just generalised and condemned collectively , much less about trump 's platform , which was explicitly * not * what you claim . 
  i know facts are hard for you lot , but you are n't even trying to be honest at this point . 
   they spread conspiracy theory like `` russia 's behind it all '' , when even the fbi have consciously refused to make claims as to intent ? 
   and harrass and downvote brigade users unlike / r/europe , which never downvotes anyone outside the hivemind . 
  right . 
   and if you want to critisize a foreign country 's immigration policy over which you have zero power yes i do . 
  you want to criticise donald trump 's administration , over which you have zero power . 
  i assume you 're quite happy criticising brexit , over which you have zero power . 
  quite hypocritical of you to imply i ought not criticise the contemptible conduct of sweden for the same reason . 
   then you can surely critisize the monstrous cancer that is one of the biggest subreddits i do . 
  i frequently criticise / r/uk , and the european and scottish subreddits . 
  t_d however is not a `` monstrous cancer '' . 
  it 's a joke , and you not liking it does not make it malignant . 
  it makes you the epitome of the spineless , self-righteous , unfunny , censoring european stooge . 
   you have more power over reddit than over sweden . 
  quite frankly , so fucking what ? 
   and if you do n't like how sweden supposedly hates its cultural foundations , stop hating your own cultural foundations and get an american flair . 
  christ you 're a dumb fuck . 
  i 'll use the flair of whatever country i 'm resident in , thank you very much . 
  given that i 'm not subscribed to this pit of a sub , i 'm surprised it even shows up . 
   i thought the swedish jokes were funnier , but maybe that 's because i personally prefer scandinavian social-democracy to proto-fascism . 
  and i prefer either swedish self-flagellation or trump 's rhetoric to lazy and demonstrably false straw-manning of people you do n't with thought-terminating cliches . 
   again , fun is in the eye of the beholder . 
  many though it was many thought it was , * on reddit * . 
  this says more about reddit 's comical lack of touch with the wider world and popular sentiment than anything else .
