  you 're either extremely deluded or just truly a sick fuck , you know that ? 
  `` fuck off back to your nazi-collaborating slavic shithole you gyppo cunt '' what ? 
  what 's racist about that ?? 
  `` scots and swedes are perfect , englishmen and yanks are evil , and the poor germans are so oppressed '' - r/europe, 
  of course it is . 
  almost every single person in europe knows nearly as little about the us as yanks do about europe . 
  but at least the americans have the decency and self-awareness to recognise this , and not smugly prattle on like experts . 
  smug little european millennials could learn a thing or two . 
  and tim pool 's never lived in malmo so he should just shut up too . 
  that 's because they did n't and op is talking shite . 
  i do n't , because they 're not . 
  i 'd say seething hatred of a nationality , calling them pathetic , and blaming them collectively for things you do n't like certainly qualifies . 
  but then i 'm not nearly as stupid as you , so it 's hardly surprising when i know what words mean ... 
  oh look another german who 's both racist and frighfully bad at humour , with an inflated sense of european relevance to boot . 
  even more shocking than before . 
  oh look , an uninformed , racist german . 
  how shocking . 
  ah yes , clearly scotland will not have embassies . 
  you do realise the cost alone of establishing embassies in every important country will cost far more than scotland 's contribution to trident ? 
   also , the `` relatively small contribution '' to the uk budget , would likely do well enough for itself . 
  we do n't even really know how much that is , because the tax system is n't properly devolved . 
  right now though , scotland is sending money down south , and then paying whitehall to send it all of it back as a `` grant '' while expecting a `` thank you '' , which is sort of ludicrous . 
  everything you 've said here is painfully inaccurate . 
  just like everything spewed out by the old nat brigade . 
  and when sturgeon and salmond get planes to new york , the scottish deficit will increase . 
  an independent scotland will continue to accrue military , diplomatic , and bureaucratic costs , but due to economies of scale and scotland 's relatively small contribution to the uk budget , these are likely to rise rather than fall with independence . 
  that 's true . 
  they 'd have a bigger one , as they 'd have lost barnett funds . 
   so you agree that european women are also oppressed by not letting them walk topless on the beach ? 
  yes , sure . 
  this does less than nothing to advance what passes for your ` argument ' , however . 
  you 're not legally permitted to slander , perjure , or make death threats . 
  this restriction of speech in no way implies that your situation is comparable to winston smith 's . 
   that we , in europe , are condemning them to being second class citizens ? 
  we 're not . 
  men are also prohibited from indecent exposure , and are in fact much more likely to be actually punished for it . 
  they 're very , very not serious . 
  the number of people who do n't seem to grasp this is staggering . 
  to the extent there 's any serious content whatsoever , it 's completely a function of reddit deciding to ban from every other community everyone who did n't want trump assassinated , thus concentrating it all in one massive power sub . 
  it 's full of 19 year old liberal arts students on reddit . 
  of course they 're going to be islam apologists . 
  just so you know , / r/badphilosophy is considered a joke far more often than is harris . 
  and with good reason too . 
  do you take that same attitude with western feminists ? 
  ` shut your mouth and fuck off to arabia and africa where women are * actually * oppressed ' ? 
  drawing a distinction between scotland and the empire in a feeble attempt to distance themselves from their own country 's and ancestors ' imperial pasts , denying scotland was up to her neck in colonisations and plantings , pretending the act of union 1707 was an act of english coercion rather than bailing out the failed scottish state and joining two countries already in personal union under a scottish monarch , downplaying scotland 's role in ireland , and acting as if william wallace 's rebellion was anything other than illegal and without merit ... 
  oh you poor soul . 
  do n't you know scots are all literally perfect , and no criticism of their enlightened eurpophilic paradise is permitted here ? 
   lol !, 
  are n't like 60 % your exports to the e.u , if the e.u goes by the ` global wayside ' , you to too . 
  not even close . 
  as per mit ( a better university than anything on the continent ) 's [ observatory of economic complexity ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/import/usa/show/all/2014/ ) , just over 15 % go to the non-uk eu ( 17.5 % even including your ex-partner ) . 
  meanwhile the us is your single largest trade partner . 
   ' a continent of ungrateful , self-obsessed racists ' , europe ! , one of the least racist regions of the world !, 
  and far more racist than you like to believe . 
   asians are racist big time if your not korean , chinese or japanese your nothing and if you 're not european , you 're actually , legally treated as inferior in europe , not just subjected to a couple ugly looks . 
   england is pretty bigoted much less than the continent , where bananas are routinely hurled at footballers , and infinitely less so than the troglodytic denizens of this sub . 
   ` merica has racist ` beetus yeah , way , way less than europe , mate . 
   even canada has strong alt-right support against the ` savage natives ' oh dear . 
  if you 're going to cite support of ` alt ' or far-right politics as evidence of racism , then europe far , far exceeds canada , mate . 
   who their media portrays as murdererous rapists and this obviously could n't have anything to do with that group committing disproportionate numbers of murders and rapes . 
  definitely not . 
   while in general mainland europe is pretty liberal due to the interdependence and multiculturalism first off , europe is pretty left-wing , not liberal in the least . 
  second , you 're blatantly talking about * western * europe here ; eastern europe hardly matches either description . 
   it 's ironic you 're calling europeans ungrateful , self-obsessed , racist , insular and protectionist as it proven by trump and brexit that half your electorate shares at least some of these views !, 
  that 's ... not even close to what irony is . 
  still not ironic , but a fair bit closer at least , is people like you bitching about ` fake news ' and ` ignorant ' americans , when as seen above your own statistics are comically false . 
  in actual europe ? 
  sure . 
  on this sub ? 
  the clear majority see americans as inferior and worthy of smug contempt . 
  and on this sub , they 're a vocal and overwhelming majority . 
   of course not , if you exclude czechia and hungary , their population combined is probably less than the population of portugal false . 
  the populations of the other states are over 50 % more than portugal 's . 
  and that 's disregarding your decision to not count the czech republic or hungary for no good reason . 
  when you include them , countries with 3.5 x the population of portugal provide fewer personnel than your country alone . 
   what do you expect of countries with just 3 million or less ? 
  i expect them to meet their 2 % spending level . 
  size is immaterial , as that 's how percentages work . 
  please do . 
  america 's sunk enough blood and money into a continent of ungrateful , self-obsessed , racists . 
  enjoy your ever-growing irrelevance as china , the us , and developing african economies leave the insular , protectionist , eurocentric eu by the global wayside . 
  and your own country , mate . 
  and i very much trust you over the head of barclays . 
  oh , no , i do n't do that at all . 
   and what about the other eastern states of europe if the nato ceases to exist ? 
  do explain why the defence of ungrateful freeloading europeans who constantly insult the us should be america 's job . 
  it would n't be a long conventional war though . 
  the red army would be across the rhine in two months ' time . 
  it takes time to mobilise , let alone retool the entire economy on wartime footing , begin production , and train new soldiers . 
  and that 's ignoring the fact germany does not have sufficient domestic access to required resources for wartime mobilisation . 
  because he 's american and therefore a filthy subhuman retard and unworthy of le enlightened , europhile swedes . 
   that margin has only gotten that close in the previous 3 years . 
  throughout even recent history we 've had much more immigration from outside the eu than within it . 
  yes , amazing how opening up eu free movement to new , poorer countries causes uncontrolled migration to skyrocket , is n't it ? 
  and i bet you were one of those who mocked farage for predicting exactly that . 
   which is good . 
  sure , de facto discrimination based on national origin as well as cutting ourselves off from the rest of the non-european world to remain in the famously insular ( and entirely stagnant economically and culturally ) eu sounds a fabulous idea . 
   okay you 're getting weirdly personal , so where 's your source ? 
  [ economists for brexit ] ( http://www.economistsforbrexit.co.uk/the-economics-of-unskilled-immigration/ ) put the number at 1.2 million out of 3.3 million total .
