  this directly contradicts your previous statement , but i would n't expect a retarded teenager with emotional issues to recognise that . 
   lmfao , your excuse is that it was just a call to violently rebel against the us government ? 
  you 're a real smart cookie , you know that ? 
  yes . 
  it 's a shame you do n't understand the nature or foundations of your own government , or that you 've just called thomas jefferson an idiot as well . 
  but that complete ignorance does explain a lot about your worldview , at least . 
   i support the vaporization of terrorists from the sky , where they ca n't hurt anyone , of course . 
  no , you support the murder of american citizens , as has been done by obama during his administration . 
  one can support killing terrorists without accepting innocent american deaths in the process , just as one could support fighting nazis without backing the massacre of german children , you fucking disgrace . 
  you 'd have to be retarded not to grasp this . 
   we 're not even talking about the scumbag that said clinton should be executed anymore you idiot , this is the part where we 're talking about drone strikes , because you 're too fucking dumb to stay on topic . 
  holy fuck you actually , honest-to-god are every bit as stupid as i 've called you . 
  christ almighty . 
  look , i 'll use little words for you : you claimed trump said clinton should be killed . 
  i pointed out it was an aide , who said clinton should be executed for treason , a capital offence . 
  then pointed out that execution by the state following a fair trial is very different from extrajudicial homicide , and referenced obama 's drone strikes as an example of the latter . 
  that you think the two are not related in this context is frankly astounding stupidity on your part , and evidence you ca n't fucking think to save your worthless life . 
  the two were * in direct opposition * ; trump wants people to be punished appropriately following a fair trial , obama wants them blown up without due process . 
  but trump 's the violent , unhinged one . 
  right . 
  you 're the dumbest cunt alive . 
   lmaoooooo , donald trump is a complete piece of shit and so are you almost every person on earth is better than you . 
  oh , and since you 're so anti-farage 's comment , i suppose you must also think obama is a `` gigantic cunt '' for claiming his administration was without a single incident of domestic terrorism , which considering fort hood , orlando , and boston , among others , is spitting in the face of far more victims than little old jo cox alone ... oh that 's right , you 're a hypocritical , hateful little shitcock and will whatabout your way right out of it . 
  such a shame your mother was n't more careful . 
   yes , it does . 
  only an idiot and/or a piece of shit votes for trump . 
  the fact that you think this means you are the worst sort of subhuman scum . 
   what a prick i am , being intolerant of intolerance . 
  no , being intolerant of disagreement . 
   good one , you 've really changed my mind . 
  still smarter than anything you 've said here , or very likely , in your life . 
   he literally fucking admitted on to sexually assaulting women you dope . 
  no he did n't you lying sack of shit . 
   i was ignoring the multiple claims other women have made , like the 13 year old that accused him and jeff epstein of rape !, 
  well yes , false claims that disappear after the election cycle probably should be ignored . 
   also , america is already a regressive police state . 
  to the extent that it is : thanks , obama !, 
   yes , they are . 
  no you fucking idiot , political murders are quite fucking rare in the states . 
   yes , they are it 's demonstrably false that `` everyone is attacking everyone '' . 
   because donald trump lowered the bar , permanently . 
  yet more bullshit . 
  and even if he did , you 'll note it 's democrats , not republicans out in the streets killing people . 
  strange that if he lowered the bar , his supporters would n't be doing most of the killing . 
  like i said , violence is everywhere , and i do n't feel bad for them at all . 
  especially the electors . 
  that 's because you 're subhuman scum and your mother should have exercised her 1973 right to privacy . 
   no , farage should be ashamed of the cunty shit he said that completely disregarded the murder of an innocent woman disregarded an entirely irrelevant occurrence , yes . 
   this was only one piece of a large body of evidence that shows that he 's a cunt . 
  at least even a mental deficient like you can acknowledge you have no other grounds to make the assertion . 
   `` hillary wants to abolish , essentially abolish , the second amendment . 
  by the way , and if she gets to pick -- if she gets to pick her judges , nothing you can do , folks . 
  although the second amendment people , maybe there is , i do n't know . '', 
  yes , it is pretty obvious what that means : resist , forcibly if necessary , the violation of foundational constitutional rights . 
  it has more to do with `` if you want my guns , come and get them '' than `` kill hillary '' . 
  it is in no way a call to assassinate clinton , you degenerate , and it 's disgusting you 'd claim it was . 
   yeah , and it 's fucking awesome . 
  not surprised for an instant you support the extrajudicial murder of untried american citizens . 
  you are a sickening excuse for a human being . 
   obama blows up terrorists , trump appoints people who share their ideology into office . 
  i ca n't believe you think that 's the argument , lmao . 
  i see you 're illiterate as well as morally depraved . 
  the argument is : capital punishment following a guilty verdict for a capital crime is very different from vigilante murder , and that your side is more open to the latter option than is trump . 
  learn to read before you talk shit , you smug little beast . 
   he did both , because he 's a terrible human being . 
  he did n't , because he 's better than you , and because you ca n't read your own native language . 
   not you , anybody who did context , mate . 
  i know it 's hard for you . 
   also , yes it does . 
  also , no it does n't . 
   like people do to muslims ? 
  if they do it en masse , sure . 
  does n't excuse you * also * being a bigoted shithead , though . 
   heavy delusion here . 
  heavy fact , more like . 
   that 's funny , i do n't remember sexually assaulting any women . 
  do n't think trump can say the same . 
  sure he can . 
  i 'm glad you think people are guilty until proven innocent though . 
  the america i remember was a liberal democracy , not the regressive police state you desperately crave . 
   lmfao , everyone is attacking everyone here no they are n't . 
   that 's what happens when half of your voting populace is deplorable scum . 
  so if it 's all the fault of the trump voters , why is `` everyone '' attacking people ? 
  riddle me that one , genius . 
   also , shootings here are commonplace . 
  not political ones you fucking stooge . 
   um , clinton supporters/liberals have n't attacked any politicians no , just shot , killed , and tried to kill multiple trump supporters purely because of their political affiliation . 
  also sent death threats to electors so that many of them required police escorts . 
  definitely not political violence at all . 
  if farage should be ashamed of the murder of mp cox , then obama and clinton should be equally ashamed and guilty by association of these incidents . 
   i do remember trump himself suggesting clinton be shot then you 're either an idiot or a liar ( though my money 's on both ) , because he did no such thing . 
  a trump * aide * said clinton should be shot * legally , by a firing squad , for treason , because it is a capital offence * . 
  now i do n't much care for capital punishment myself , but so long as it exists in the us , it 's perfectly valid to assert that someone you think guilty of a capital offence should swing . 
  this is miles different from advocating extrajudicial killings -- a tactic the obama administration has made great use of , you 'll note . 
   and that his fans should attack protesters . 
  so not * politicians * then , to use your own bullshit argument . 
   if you vote for someone who expresses the principles that donald trump does , you are a scumbag , yes . 
  way to ignore the bit where i did n't , mate . 
  also , that does n't make one a scumbag at all . 
  what * does * make one scum is the villainisation and vilification of people who disagree .
