   the eu is a machine for preventing us fighting each other , which is our nature otherwise . 
  japan and australia and nz and the us and canada and all the rest of the developed world get along just fine without the eu , you know . 
  must be a miracle . 
  aye , would n't want the uk undercutting ireland 's 12.5 % corporate tax rate just as your country has consistently undercut the rest of western europe , now would we ? 
  it 's well known that sarcasm , particularly in a political context , does n't translate particularly well online and across languages , so i 'll refrain from a snarky reply and instead just say that far from agreeing with him i 'm pointing out his hypocrisy and his pathetic hand-waving deflection any possibility that putin might be an asshole . 
  or `` why are you picking on russia when america does mean stuff too ? 
  '' , perhaps ? 
  but no , that would be inconvenient for you , would n't it ? 
  arrogance is thinking those who did n't vote * would have voted like you * rather than like the majority . 
   may is an unelected representative do you know how being prime minister works ? 
  here 's a hint : you do n't run for it . 
  believe me darling , it 's not just the english who think the eu is full of shit on these issues . 
  it 's why the wto are constantly ruling against you . 
  and trust me , no one in the us or china gives two fucks about your stagnant , globally irrelevant union . 
  at no point did i say i was * from * there . 
  if a chinese person moves to paris , would you tell them they must n't use a french flair ? 
  i do . 
  still not english , let alone a `` little englander '' . 
  but it 's cute when you ` tolerant ' europeans stereotype everyone who disagrees . 
  really endearing . 
  i am . 
  i also live in europe . 
  your point would be ? 
  not english , but thanks . 
  i love you little europeans . 
  you are so cute when you think anyone elsewhere in the world cares about you . 
  at the end of the day , the eu sans britain is just a little continent with no military , a smaller economy than any of its ` rivals ' , and no soft power . 
  if being protectionist , insular assholes to everyone else on earth is how europe wants to proceed , well then good luck . 
  lol . 
  amazing how much love pool got when he said `` people saying malmo 's bad should look at chicago , malmo 's a paradise next to that '' , but now that he 's made comments * against * the `` le sweden is perfect , refugees welcome ! '', 
  eu circlejerk , now he 's basically goebbels . 
  you people really are the filth of the planet . 
  mate , you 're not fucking fit to fly that proud flag and disgrace it with your association . 
  go on , fuck off back to islington , you little cretin . 
  `` gays , heretics , and muslims should be burnt at the stake . 
  it has always been this way '' do you see how moronic your argument is ? 
   and it would send a strong signal to arabs and muslims around the world that we are not their enemy . 
  oh yes , i 'm sure that will be the narrative when european countries try to tell `` refugees '' who have lived there for years that they have to leave . 
  many of them will have had children born in germany , et , c whose entire lives have been lived there . 
  but i 'm sure when it 's time for these freeloaders to go back to their stone age shitholes , the narrative will be all ` look how europe took you in and rebuilt your hovels ' and not at all ` look how europe is throwing us out ! ', 
   thinking that you 've done what you 're supposed to do and actually doing what you 're supposed to do are two different things  what i got from this is that she fucked up ... and then when that was pointed out to her she was incredolous they would not let her in anyway cause she tried really hard ? 
  funny how that same attitude was n't applied so often on this sub to the eu nationals fucking up their uk paperwork and being treated as such . 
  oh , but they 're europeans so they 're obviously special . 
  they should just be allowed to stay wherever no matter how many legally required forms they fuck up . 
   when you are having an argument with someone `` palpably false . 
  you occupied them from spring of 1941 . 
  once again , are you this ignorant , or just a fucking liar ? '', 
  use facts i just did . 
  you occupied , among other territories , vardar macedonia , southern pomoravlje and western thrace from the spring of 1941 . 
   not `` probably false '' because no one will take you seriously . 
  you thought `` palpably '' and `` probably '' were the same word , did n't you ? 
  you 'd be cute if you were n't a racist genocide apologist . 
   correct macedonia has been a geographical region not a country or a nationality . 
  are you going to point to where it was said otherwise , or just continue being a dumb cunt ? 
   the british empire killed and starved a lot more people than the nazis no , they * really * did n't , mate . 
   they even supported the ottoman empire when they were slaughtering bulgarians and other balkan people because they were an important partner . 
  aw , you 're such a wee victim , are n't you ? 
  so oppressed you needed to side with the nazis in order to seize back land `` stolen '' from you . 
  fuck off you racist piece of filth . 
   so do n't talk to me about moral choices in human history . 
  i would n't dare . 
  little point preaching to the damned . 
   i think you will find this story told by aaron cohen a living survivor of the holocaust really interesting . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  now let me share with you a story told by one of the thousands of macedonian and thracian jews . 
  oh wait , i ca n't , because you sent all of them to their death . 
   we actually did n't seize and claimed ownership over `` macedonia '' because the germans did n't allow it until after the war was over but they lost . 
  palpably false . 
  you occupied them from spring of 1941 . 
  once again , are you this ignorant , or just a fucking liar ? 
   the geographic macedonian region is n't fyrom . 
  nor did i claim it was , you fucking moron . 
   bulgaria was torn apart during the balkan wars and ww1 by it 's neighbors and we had a choice to be stomped by germany or join them and receive our stolen lands after the war . 
  ah , so instead of make the most obvious moral choice in human history and oppose adolf fucking hitler , you opted to help the nazis in hopes of getting some loot for yourselves . 
  and you think that 's a * defensible * position ? 
  holy christ you 're the scum of the earth . 
   i do n't apologize for anything and my countrymen did what they thought was the best action for our country at the time yes , because they were wicked , disgusting selfish vermin like you . 
   it 's easy for you to judge from this point in history . 
  it was easy for * just about everyone else on earth * at the time , mate . 
  somehow your countrymen managed to fail the easiest test of all time and sided with the enemies of everything decent . 
   sacrifices had to be made in order to save the bulgarian citizens yes , let 's buy our own lives with the sacrificial offering of ten thousand jews . 
  that 's such a contemptible statement there are n't words to describe it apart from ` evil ' . 
  you are fucking evil , and i hope your mother is ashamed of the filth she raised . 
   and this is the reason why i said that we saved the bulgarian jewish and gypsy population the second you seized that land and claimed ownership of it , those jews became your , bulgarian , jews to protect . 
  and you did n't . 
  you offered them up to the hangman . 
  you sicken me . 
   and `` macedonia '' was never a country to be illegally occupied until the 1990s . 
  macedonia has been recognised as a region since the archaic period , you loon . 
  in wwii , you proceeded to seize part of that region as spoils of the illegal wars you took part in , despoiled the people , and sent the jews to treblinka . 
   finally not that it matters but we were actually forced to join germany , we were neutral until 1941 but then hitler poisoned our tzar and threatened us which left us no choice . 
  plenty of other countries were n't `` forced '' to join hitler , mate . 
  they stood , and fought , and did n't ally themselves with the enemies of the human race . 
  your countrymen 's actions and your cringing apologies for them would shame the devil himself , you sickening worm of a man . 
   but i guess you know our history better than i do . 
  yes , i quite evidently do . 
  you were n't , actually . 
  not only that , but your country openly passed laws stripping jews of their rights , and belev * gladly sent over 11,000 jews from your illegally-occupied macedonian and thracian territories to their deaths at treblinka * . 
  but sure , keep telling yourself that . 
  keep telling yourself that only sending * some * jews to their torture and death excuses open alliance with nazi germany and complicity in the worst crime in history .
