unify the two germanies : `` communists will run rampant . '', 
  instead , now it 's neo nazis that run rampant since the unification . 
  because often enough it 's hard to find out where they come from . 
  many have no ids or throw anything like an id away to achieve exactly this situation . 
  also because you ca n't very well just gather up thousands of people and throw them back into an ongoing warzone as if nothing was happening there . 
  what does `` control its own borders '' mean for you in this context ? 
  because watching people drown is not what i imagine when i think of controlled borders . 
  the border is very much controlled , they are willingly rescuing these people from the sea , because the alternative is watching thousands of people drown . 
  one of the biggest reasons why the population is largely opposed to nuclear power here is how horribly the waste is handled currently . 
  the search for a final storage of the waste has been postponed to something like 2050 and the temporary storages are in horrible condition with rusty leaky barrels lying around completely unsecured , unorganized in old salt mines . 
  so much for `` high precision and reliability . '', 
  however this is the error which describes `` the probability that the underlying randomness will produce a result at least as extreme as this '' not `` the probabilty that our result is wrong/the sole product of randomness '' . 
  never forget that die welt belongs to axel springer se , everybody . 
  german populism started one or two world wars and a genocide that has its own name . 
  but this is exactly what varoufakis has been saying all along . 
  that this crisis is a sympton of a bigger underlying problem and that the eu ca n't have a unified monetary policy without having a unified fiscal policy , unified budget etc. 
  that the eurozone needs a `` surplus recycling mechanism '' , roughly comparable to a transfer union . 
  trust is a two way thing . 
  any proposal by syriza that doesnt include more austerity is categorically refused . 
  the rational choice would be to trust the many experts that argue growth is needed and austerity is worsening the problem , instead of punishing generations for personal grudges between negotiators . 
  at this point , how the creditors want to present themselves for their own citizens and a simple desire to punish the greeks seems to be a big influence on the negotiations . 
  greece isnt the only party acting unprofessionally here . 
  it is not in place the way it was though . 
  they were rated most compliant with austerity measures in 2014 . 
  to claim that they have n't implemented change or are n't still offering more is simply wrong . 
  on top of that , while some real reforma are definitely still needed , who says that further austerity must be part of these reforms ? 
  it is these proposals by the creditors , that are compeletely and absolutely insisting on further austerity that greece is rejecting , not reforms in general , and that is by all means a much more elaborate and sensible standpoint than the op makes it out to be . 
  are you kidding right now ? 
  you said that their position is not based on valid economic thought by saying it is a threat and madness , i said it is n't because there are many economists supporting their anti-austerity position . 
  that is my understanding of this conversation . 
  if you want to be understood better maybe you should try saying what you mean instead of condescending smug bullshit . 
  oh , so you 're not sure yourself ? 
  my little comment immediately made you question the validity of the reason for your fuming hatred ? 
  wow , you are a fucking idiot and insecure . 
  show me exactly how they broke any signed agreement or fuck off , because they did n't . 
  you can criticize their position all you want but making up facts is just ridiculous . 
  he broke a pledge to his people by signing it , but he did sign it and he did follow throw with it . 
  so far greece has payed every interest payment as scheduled after the past restructuring efforts and put in effect all the reforms that they agreed to . 
  and you have n't been paying much attention to the experts and analysists that have been saying austerity is wrong for the last 6 years . 
  they said they `` could '' have a deal , not that there is one lying around ready to be signed . 
  show me one repsectable source that says otherwise . 
  you are refering to what * signed * agreement , precisely ? 
  maybe you 're right , maybe you 're not . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not an economist , and neither are you , most likely . 
  there are enough respectable economists that have been arguing against austerity for the last few years and that is syriza 's main point , that austerity is the wrong course of action . 
  my point is , tsipras 's and varoufakis 's position is not a threat of madmen , it is a valid opinion . 
  nice , downvoted for saying that anti-austerity is a valid opinion . 
  so to get downvoted * having * an opinion is not even required anymore , just stating that it 's a valid opinion , when it 's supported by thousand of economists , newspapers etc. , is enough , now ? 
  just one more laughable pathetic sub on par with / r/politics and / r/worldnews . 
  it 's ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ not propaganda , but still shit , because syriza has said again and again that they do n't neccesarily want another loan , they want a debt haircut . 
  they refer to , among other things , the current imf report that says the debt is unsustainable with or without destroying an already broken social safety net in the name of austerity . 
  their whole opinion is being dumbed down to a threat `` give us another loan or i will destroy my own country '' which is an absolutely ridiculous oversimplification if not outright wrong . 
  you can hold the opinion that austerity is the way to go and that syriza is making a mistake and there would be rational arguments to support that , as are there rational arguments to support the other side . 
  this however is just straight bullshit that fuels the already warped and simplified opinion most germany have on the topic . 
  most poeple are getting so fed up with the situation that they revert to `` simple truths '' and `` simple explanations '' wherever they can , and this is nothing but a newspaper cashing in on that behavior . 
   but if you 're going to print `` iou '' currency why not just print drachma ? 
  i think that 's the whole point of this . 
  making drachma and using them as currency would n't be allowed under certain eu laws and treaties . 
  the ious should in theory have the same purpose but circumvent this problem and allow greece to stay in the eurozone . 
  depending on how valuable one considers the eu ( rozone ) membership compared to leaving and maybe joing again in a decade or two , this method might be worth it . 
  it 's shit but so are the alternatives . 
  do you have any source for that ? 
  because if that 's true it 's very disturbing if they specifically said that fighting tax evasion or increasing taxes for the rich would affect the negotiations negatively . 
   germany has not received several bailout packages , in fact it has revived none , it can also pay for its own welfare state . 
  you obviously misunderstood my comment , otherwise this response makes no sense as it is completely irrelevant . 
  but why do they have to `` propose '' something like that to the creditors ? 
  i do n't believe the creditors said `` no deal with you if you make the rich pay their taxes ! '', 
  the problem with varoufakis , and i think that this might be one of the biggest reasons for his failure so far , and for the necessity of his recent stepping down , is that he is n't skilled in behaving like a politician , if that makes any sense . 
  he relies solely on knowing the right course of action and is incapable of maneuvering through the minefield of comprimising , threatening and convincing that is politics . 
  he thinks he can act unappropriately towards the people he 's negotiating with because he believes that they will take the rational course of action independent from the personal behavior of their opponent . 
  but that 's not true . 
  a big part of the eurogroups behavior is rooted in the image they want to present to their countries of themselves and on ultimately emotions towards their opponent and what he represents . 
  sorry , i should have said `` ca n't say this here expecting not to get downvoted to \u1f0d\u03b9\u03b4\u03b7\u03c2 . 
  fortunately we have an american expert here who will tell us exactly why it 's worse than both options . 
  the word is yours , meatsim1 . 
  this was a different government than now . 
  if you 're going to generalise a whole country to be a single person , how does it make sense that they chose to elect a completely different government than that who commited fraud . 
  your average joe in greece did n't share goldman sachs to fake numbers but he 's the one who will suffer for it . 
  and the article is n't saying that they are supposed to that . 
  they simply made clear that it was n't what they were used for because the common opinion , for example , in germany is that that money is completely used to pay a gigantic welfare state and not to bail out banks . 
  when germany was in a problematic situation in in/after 2008 , we ignored many agreements and did exactly what greece is asking for now . 
  but obviously that was ok because we work hard and are n't lazy thiefs like you . 
  it has to do with the kind of newspapers that people like him read . 
  many respected media outlets have held the opinion that austerity is wrong for years . 
  but not the kind of media oulets that present `` simple truths '' to simple people . 
  the notion that it was varoufakis in these few months and this rejection of further austerity measures , while many austerity measures have been taken , is solely what drove the economy into the ground , and not the years of austerity before him , is ... how do i say this ... disgustingly convenient to your viewpoint and that of the german media . 
  too bad that it 's wrong and even the imf admitted that . 
  it was austerity that flew the economy into the ground , not varoufakis . 
  i 'm not being unreasonable when i say that greece 's debt was and is unsustainable and that debt relief , not even extremer austerity , is the only way to make it sustainable . 
  that is the standpoint of the imf , which has been completely ignored by the eurogroup so far . 
  your sarcasm is absolutely embarrassing to even read . 
  a pity that english does n't have a word for fremdsch\u00e4men . 
   the `` bailouts '' where your leaders technically used your tax-paying money to buy out the private banks that originally held greek debt . 
  sorry , you ca n't say this here . 
  it does n't fit the propaganda im my country . 
  what incentive is there to found a company in greece , or to invest in one , when no one will be left to spend their money at it anymore ? 
  how many shops already had to close because they had no customers anymore ? 
  i do n't get why not all news subreddits have banned rt , dailymail , foxnews and such . 
  downvote every tabloid ( or worse ) post , even if it confirms your personal opinion . 
  the `` islamic dictatorships '' pointer might as well be set a few countries farther north .
