by then our national language will be arabic . 
  the black sea fleet is probably russia 's worst fleet , just fyi . 
  takes up to 20 years for a nuclear power plant to break even , one of the reasons there are n't as many as there should be . 
  also , it is very likely that france will have to pay a hefty fine if they do not deliver at least the first ship since the deal has already been signed . 
   kommuner municipalities, 
  the island of malta was given to the knights hospitaller after they were expelled from jerusalem by muslims . 
  the maltese are descendants of crusaders . 
  can i just say `` the vikings '' ? 
  okay , fair enough . 
  why is putin standing in front of an albanian flag ? 
   prosecuted that 's not how things happen in russia, 
  in what way am i not chill ? 
  i 'm perfectly calm  but that does does not change the fact that he is disrespectful to the police who are just doing there job . 
  as i said , if he was raised a white man in europe , he would respect the police and their job . 
  the car he was a passenger in was pulled over , it was n't snoop being arrested . 
  the swedish police said themselves that the car was stopped `` for a random check '' or more commonly known as `` black guy in a nice car '' . 
  he 's acting like a black man who grew up in long beach and was harassed by police his entire life because of his race . 
  if he , like you , was a white man raised in europe he would have a ** very ** different attitude towards police . 
  i am not acting offended in any way . 
  the way in which you wrote made you sound like a twat whether you corrected me or agreed with me . 
  i would however still argue that how a word is defined falls under linguistics and not `` evolution of languages '' , if such a definition is illogical it means that linguistics as a whole is not logical . 
  that 's no fault of linguistics , it 's a soft science , they are not always logically self-consistent . 
  yes the study of it is indeed a science , but the way in which language develops is hardly logical . 
  also , using language like that does not make you look smart as i 'm guessing you would like , it makes you look like a twat . 
  and yes , i am a scientist . 
  logic and linguistics are two very different things . 
   1 ) asylum seekers that are deported by definition had their applications rejected ( and thus were deemed to not be genuine refugees 1 ) wrong . 
  genuine refugees are deported all the time . 
  2 ) the context did 3 ) you chose to take that as an insult , i 'm wondering why you would do such a thing . 
  op could you split it into seasons ? 
  precipitation in dec-feb , march-may , june-aug and aug-nov, 
  and you either do n't understand the term refugee / asylum seeker or are being willfully stupid . 
  http://www.world-nuclear-news.org/enf-swedish_resource_worlds_second_largest-2308128.html now , if only our politicians did n't suddenly become retarded when discussing nuclear energy ... 
  you might be right , i do n't know . 
  it 's just a statement i remember from a text i read about the 1991 civil war . 
  i ca n't for the life of me find it though . 
   moreover , you are the on who conflated a nation with a political entity by saying '' [ the nation ] had their first civil war in the 1800s '' . 
  how can something that is not a political entity have a civil war ? 
  ok let me phrase it this way then . 
  it was the first time georgians killed other georgians on a large scale . 
  what / u/tigranater 's mistake was not understanding the meaning of nation ( which is the term i used ) . 
  nation is not a political entity , it 's a grouping of people with the same ethnicity , culture , language , etc. 
  the modern georgian nation is directly descended from the colchi nation . 
  well , in lhc you have billions of events every second . 
  rather hard to get that good statistic on humans . 
  nah man , the russians were clearly protecting the ossetians from georgia . 
  it 's not like georgians are one of the most peaceful people in the world , i mean , the nation has existed since 1300 bc and they had their first civil war in the 1800-hundreds . 
  that 's only 3000 years of them not killing each other . 
  literally worse than the devil . 
  i 'm not gon na argue about whether he intended to liquidate the subhumans or not since i have no idea , i 've never heard of it . 
  and i 'm not gon na research stuff to play devil 's advocate for god damned hitler . 
  and yeah , sweden did a lot for the danish jews and also on the finnish front ( a fact which people outside of scandinavia seem to know very little about ) . 
  but my ancestor 's back then lived in a country who lost like one out of every 10 males living at that time . 
  damn , thanks for the links . 
  did they take food from the local markets ? 
  or in any way disrupt the food production ? 
  i do n't think not shipping food there makes it a genocide . 
  ( i ca n't believe i 'm about to defend hitler ... )  and death for all others he did n't really want to exterminate all other races , he wanted to suborn them . 
  and of course exterminate those he thought was unpure , i.e. 
  jews , gypsies , handicapped people , etc. 
  i think getting history right is rather important . 
  how exactly would a famine be a genocide ? 
  some estimates place him as the richest man in the world ( ~ $ 70 bn ), 
  here i was thinking she was a werewolf . 
  we have this thing called [ swish ] ( https://itunes.apple.com/en/app/swish-betalningar/id563204724?mt=8 ) in sweden that pretty much everyone uses ( also exists for android and wp ) . 
  hell even some stores accept it . 
  still need cash for the dealer , though, 
  a high minimum wage weakens the unions . 
  in sweden we have no minimum wage and the unions are some of the strongest opponents for it . 
  that is the georgian alphabet , and that is not a dying language . 
  it is of course much more common in the older generations and in the villages in the mountains . 
  yes, 
  you can manage . 
  all the signs were recently also added in english along with georgian . 
  the signs point out everything from streets to monuments , to ancient churches ( loads of those ) to ruins ( even more ) . 
  and a lot of people from the younger generations speak decent english . 
  also , there 's the old georgian saying `` hospitality is blessed '' ( or something like that ), 
  well the thing is , georgia is between the northern caucasus ridge and the southern . 
  it becomes iffy . 
  yeah but aussies are cool . 
  yanks are dicks, 
  not really . 
  eurovision is basically about who is most likable to their neighboring countries . 
  that 's why scandinavia keeps winning . 
  ai n't no one in europe gon na be giving 12 pts to uncle sam, 
  you 're a horrible human being . 
  a # 10 fee is n't gon na stop someone from going on vacation in spain . 
  parliment . 
  government is `` regering '', 
  olyckan den 11e september . 
  or something like that . 
  it 's not a mistranslation . 
  appears as if 2nd coach indeed is a dentist, 
  nah the coach is a coach , he was the coach of the swedish team before, 
  having met the georgian patriarch and his retinue on numerous occasions ( my father is sort of a consultant on health matters for him ) i have never seen any russian sympathies amongst those people , hell it 's the other way around as they openly curse them . 
  the russian church does have sway with them however , mainly because of how tightly linked they are with kreml . 
  ilia wants what is best for his people so when somebody that has troops in his nation tells him not to go to a meeting , he does n't go to that meeting . 
  no ... that 's bullshit . 
  the police chief said we should deport people who express support for extremism online , and the justice minister reminded him that we have free speech . 
  i 've been around the states , never had that experience .
