allies typically fight for each other when attacked in a war . 
  germany and the ussr had no such arrangement . 
   maybe there are better words than `` alliance '' , but they certainly colluded and cooperated for mutual benefit , both gained territory from the collusion ( i.e. 
  invaded countries together ) , engaged in mutually beneficial trade , etc. 
  they even held a celebratory parade in brest to celebrate their cooperation in gobbling up poland . 
  so did the swiss . . `` nazi gold '' anyone . 
  so did the banderites in ukraine so did us finns , so sorry but i 'm not going to rewrite history because it 's convenient to bash russia with . 
  you did n't forget to do your homework before bed did you . 
  must be well past your bedtime by now young one, 
  nope , that is what you would call a gentleman 's agreement or a pact if you will, 
  that was a pact and not a formal alliance . 
  sorry but making a pact to not fight each other is not the same as allies , the soviets and nazi 's did not like each other one bit and in anything kept peace because they did n't wa n't war . 
  if you want to say it was an alliance it was only an alliance built on self preservation same as here in finland allowing nazi fighters in the continuation war . 
  i have no doubt the say way it 's insulting for me to hear you say , `` finland was allied with the nazi 's '' it must be so much more-so for russians who lost more people in that war fighting nazi 's than any other nation ,, 
  adidas was a bit of a giveaway, 
  so the ussr and nazi germany were allies now ? 
  if that 's what they are teaching you in ukraine i do n't know what to say . 
  i guess that means finland were nazi allies too ? 
    looks at post history yep , as i suspected , troll account one day old, 
  is n't it obvious to you the eu is only about helping big multinational corporations yet and yet useful idiots like yourself will continue spouting how ttip will be the savior . 
  hint : it wont, 
  so you think for something to be corruption it must be expressly illegal ? 
  me thinks you been hanging around too many ttip lobbyists . 
  deliberately setting up a tax system that expressly facilitates avoidance and making individual deals with large multinational companies is not and should not * in my no doubt labeled populist view * be legal . 
  facilitating systematic corporate tax avoidance is corruption . 
  i 'm not interested in arguing around the technicality 's of that statement either . 
  in other news , old corrupt man now thinks he can tell the future, 
  i do n't want to cut anything but the fact is most state pensions are run like a ponzi scheme right now using the money paid in today to pay current retirees next week and that 's not my fault , if pensioners can not make sure they knew what they were paying into why should i have any more sympathy for them then say greek people who people say are responsible for the actions of their government . 
  future taxes need to either be increased or state pensions cut to pay for future retirees in the next 20 years . 
  you saying i should pay more taxes so the current babyboomer generation can take even more money from us ? 
  that 's the point , if i was to work all my young years just to be able to save money for retirement i would have no life , no holidays , no adventures or no stories . 
  personally i preferred this which popped up on my facebook feed this morning http://i.imgur.com/utl2n9p.jpg, 
  when you include imports and exports ? 
  oh i 'm not championing it but for sure it should be there as an option if an elderly person is so downtrodden they feel their standard of life no longer provides enough life satisfaction . 
  i plan to live life in the now and now really care too much for retirement , at the same time i do n't expect anyone else to look after me . 
  if it all gets too much , i 'm poor and in pain i hope to call it a day early go out with a nice cocktail of drugs and know i lived a life worth living . 
  draging out old age is not a priority for many people but when the government guarantees you a good quality of life i can see understand why people would be fools to refuse it . 
  my millennial generation are pissed off enough at how a baby boomer generation seems to have squandered the greatest period of resource wealth the world has seen and pollution they have created as a side effect . 
  i ca n't see to many being keen to pay for even better upkeep of this privileged class . 
   i do n't know how you could possibly argue that it was caused by any kind of free market . 
  forgive my ignorance but from what i read there was plenty of food but the landowners were * `` obliged '' * to ship it out of the country as the same potato blight hit the uk and europe meaning food prices were high and supply was low . 
  essentially free market economics meant the irish were priced out of their own crop , no ? 
  the uk should recognize the irish famine was either 1 * a man-made genocide/ethnic cleansing 2 * a direct result of free market capitalism . 
  pick one, 
  the eu is not a country . 
  russia is finland 's biggest trade partner, 
  what , you think i should be the one paying higher taxes because some people could n't plan for their retirement and work out simple demographic math ? 
  if europe wants to solve it 's demographic problem we need to become more chinese and have grandparents `` job '' as minding the current generations children . 
  the ones i see disappear off to spain in the winter generally are better off than most the working class . 
  i do n't see the problem with that , i do n't plan to save for a pension as i would rather live in the now and as soon as my life becomes unbearable/too difficult to work/i 'm unemployable i 'll take what i have and go off like the old dogs do to die assuming i do n't have kids that would want me around for the childminding ability 's . 
  the idea that we have old people in old folks homes and kids in kindergartens seems crazy to me , there 's a natural efficiency there that is n't being made use of if you ask me . 
  no we wo n't, 
   how we 're going to handle that is a very good question . 
  simple , legalize euthanasia and when the baby boomers realize they have n't adequately funded social services to deal with their own demise tell them , `` tough luck , make do with what you built and if you do n't like it you know where the door is '', 
   kokoomus ... liberal ahahahahhahahaha , you must mean liberal as in american right wing , cut/deregulate everything out and let everyone be * free * to fend for themselves, 
  describe common sense , closing trade with our biggest single trade partner ? 
   centre , ncp , swedes and christian democrats . 
  that sounds like the right wing p\u00e5arty from hell * right * there, 
  well that was the most biased description of keskusta i ever read . 
  pretty obvious you are either a bitter kokoomus voter or a belligerent sdp one, 
  explain to me how decades of `` qe '' have helped japan , it 's had this same expansive monetary policy for decades now ? 
  it also does n't help that the us is sliding back into recession once again , it just goes to show once you start the qe party there is no way to take that punch-bowl away without a big hangover . 
  do it and quit talking about it then . 
  it 's your support of ngo 's and sponsored media that got them here in the first place, 
  and i 'm simply stating this is like the tenth high profile killing or `` suicide '' of high profile ex politicians or media in the last month or two . 
  i do n't need evidence to get the feeling something stinks here , so much for my idea of a cheap holiday there this summer . 
  just double digit house price inflation last year ... nothing to worry about i 'm sure ? 
  but i thought the east was inefficient and a net drag on the country thanks to all the subsidized coalmines / s, 
  yea sure , anyone who disagrees is a `` bot '' fact is 1 suspicious murder , maybe two , it 's possible . 
  but now it must be like ten ex politicians and journalists who suffered tragic accidents . 
  people a re finally waking up to what sort of `` democracy '' ukraine got . 
  do n't forget he was vice president of goldman the same time greece payed them to cook their books too . 
  this man is literally culpable in causing the eurozone crisis, 
  op is literally a / r/ukraina propagandist . 
  just look at their post history, 
   there ** was ** a foreign military sub in their capital city . 
  so they found it then ? , last i heard they only had their suspicions and found nothing and the whole article sounds like putin trolling them over it . 
  is n't that where ye olde `` ye '' comes in ? 
  put the lotion in the basket or ~ ~ she ~ ~ it gets the hose again, 
  it 's certainly not ideal , but small currencies in emerging markets are not known for their stability anyway . 
  if prices drop it 's good for russian consumers but in a way it 's not great for the government who actually got to pay wages , pensions and all other ruble denominated costs much cheaper thanks to it 's decline . 
  you see russia sells most it 's exports ( oil and gas ) for usd at usd prices , so when they sell a barrel of oil at $ 50/b they exchange that for lets say ( 50 rubles to the dollar x 50 = 2500 rubles ) say the exchange rate changes to 40 rubles to the dollar but oil remains at $ 50/barrel they only now get 2000 rubles for that same sale . 
  i do n't know enough about the russian economy to suggest how this affects them in depth , basically a weak currency makes imports from other countries expensive or domestic production and labor cheaper compared to imports . 
  i would hazard a guess they would be happy with stability right now but the recovery in price is much welcomed too . 
   if that 's possible ? 
  it 's certainly possible , i do n't trade forex unless i know something is a sure deal , in my view it 's no better than gambling if you are not an insider . 
  some major moves can be traded for example betting against the euro when everyone knew the ecb was about to implement qe or betting against ruble when the russian central bank was trying to keep artificially keep the value higher back before christmas was like free money when every western business media outlet was predicting doom day in day out and it was becoming obvious they would have to give up and let it slide . 
  all countries must agree , you can not have `` eu sanctions '' if one country disagrees . 
  yes i am well aware but it 's only in this week it has disconnected itself from the oil price completely . 
  oil has been rising slowly for the past three months too and the ruble has tracked that however it 's now strengthened significantly for no apparent reason considering oil prices and in particular oil futures have dropped in value thanks to the prospect of iranian oil coming online and sanctions ending . 
  in short the three month trend this year makes sense but the last week or two is confusing . 
  just drink your tea dude and stop staring at the leaves . 
  insider trading and those in the know drive currency markets not lines on charts and not `` technical analysis '', 
  many in the forex circles are suggesting at their recent meeting putin and the greek president made a deal that greece would not support the renewal of eu sanctions which must be re-approved by all eu countries after one year . 
  the price rise now is the insider trading that happens by banks , oligarchs and those in the know . 
  as a hobby trader i have wet dreams about the possibility 's of being in sole control of a country . 
  it 's not even trading at that point , you just manipulate things as you wish . 
  there are even many schools of thought saying you can detect wars by the moves in the markets and currency as everyone in the know will take their positions beforehand . 
   two ph.d. students at cornell , felipe silva and ekaterina volkova , recently confirmed that after analyzing russian stock trades ahead of russia 's annexation of crimea . 
  in a yet unpublished paper , they show that insiders began selling stocks while outside observers , even sophisticated ones , were still struggling to accept the possibility of an armed russian attack on ukraine .
