  the most common paths for finnish kids : the kids already get roughly split in two at the age of 15 as about half of youth go seek vocational training for professions ( being ready to start work around the age of 18 ) and half of youth looking for more generic high school education ( `` lukio '' ) . 
  after finishing a vocational school or high school , people are eglible to apply for higher education . 
  there are generally two paths . 
  universities of applied sciences ( finnish word `` ammattikorkeakoulu '' literally means `` school of higher vocational education '' ) and `` real '' universities . 
  universities of applied sciences mostly provide 3-4 year bachelor 's degrees and almost all `` real university '' tracks are for 5 year master 's degrees ( where some are even longer , like the degrees in medicine ) . 
  then there 's the mandatory military training for men , which complicates things . 
  so , depending on the educational choices a kid makes , things usually end up quite different . 
  it 's not rare for people seeking vocational education when they 're 15 to move out from home as the vocational educational network ai n't as widespread as high schools . 
  a lot of 16 year old vocational students live on their own , with their spouses or on student dorms already . 
  whereas people going to high school mostly live with their parents . 
  when people seek higher education , they generally do an effort to move out from their parents houses . 
  the state subsidizes this pretty well , as one 's parents incomes do not affect your student benefits once you turn 18 . 
  it 's not rare for people to have a year off from studies after vocational / high school . 
  it 's a good time to do the service or to read for entrance exams of more difficult & popular schools . 
  or to do a bit of work in between if one does n't know very well what they want to be when they grow up . 
  so , there 's a lot of variance on how one 's relationships start forming up . 
  physical distance is an issue . 
  my sister ended up living fairly close to my parents , so they keep in touch a lot . 
  so does my brother , who holds much stronger ties to his own social circles of youth despite long distance from his current home . 
  i myself am much more tied to the folk at my university/working city , but i know people from there as well who mostly hang out with their army buddies . 
  maybe `` the divided kingdom '' would be more appropriate name ? 
  we have enough stuff to throw at them during those few days to make sure they would n't fight another war in a few decades . 
  we 'll lose , but take them down with us . 
  there are plenty of scenarios where armed conflict is seen plausible . 
  they want to secure their sea access to the kaliningrad enclave . 
  or the gas pipes going to germany . 
  or they want to deny others using our air fields . 
  some bullshit dispute with canal access or something . 
  for sport . 
  but it 's not seen as a real `` possibility '' because we have a pretty solid military with plenty of people willing to fight . 
  it 's really not worth it for the russians to try anything stupid . 
  that 's the point of the military . 
  to make it ridiculously expensive to come here without permit , so they wo n't even try . 
  unless they come up with something really tangible ( military professions , discriminating non-military people in other jobs , tax benefits ... ) , they 're gon na have a real hard time with that . 
  it 's not far fetched for the service to start looking more like `` this guy was dumb enough to believe it 'll help his career '' - mark on your cv . 
  if a 18 year old serves a year in the army , of course he learns many things . 
  yet if you spend a year on anything it 's pretty much guaranteed to teach you a ton of things . 
  and professionally , you do n't want to spend time learning skills everyone else has also learned . 
  [ yes . 
  nuclear is safer ] ( http://nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/deaths-per-twh-by-energy-source.html ) , [ cheaper ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/blog/2008/aug/08/thecostofrenewables ) and ( arguably ) more [ environmentally friendly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/environmental_impact_of_wind_power ) than most renewables . 
  especially if one accounts the land-use requirements and the maintenance cycle . 
  ** finland ** : blue stands for the lakes of finland ( we have around 200 000 of those ) and for the sky , according to some . 
  though that 's silly . 
  name a country with no airspace ? 
  white is for the snow . 
  we have much of that as well during the winter . 
  cross is due to the nordic influence . 
  the first ones to adopt the blue cross flag was a fennoswedish yacht club and i guess they liked to identify with the nordic folk much better than say . . russians . 
  swedes stole the cross from danes and the danes apparently stole the cross from christianity . 
  in practice , it does n't carry much religious meaning any more . 
  they have fairly short half-life and though the decomissioning often takes decades , it 's not something we ca n't handle . 
  after all , we have several construction sites which have taken centuries or buildings which have lasted for millenia . 
  it 's not problem free , but way less bad than the options resulting to increased coal use . 
  the problem of nuclear waste is with quality , not quantity . 
  once you have some nuclear waste produced , the effects of adding to that are manageable . 
  and of course , nuclear waste is recyclable in 4th gen plants . 
  if i was in power , i would buy ( or offer to dispose of it for small profit ) the global reserves of nuclear waste and use the profits for advancing research and deployment of advanced breeders . 
  then sell the abundant electricity back to the idiots paying to supply their free fuel to us ... , 
  we do not love nuclear . 
  we just hate fossil fuel burning and increasing co2 emissions much , much more . 
  there are tons of things what can go wrong with an all out renewable strategy ( as germany has proven ) , so it 's much preferred to hold an insurance policy in stable nuclear , for which we have very good experience ( in cumulative , thousands of reactor years in total ) . 
  the lesser evil . 
   i 'm sure germany 's action will yield great results in the long term , but at the moment , it all looks a little misguided . 
  great results ? 
  probably . 
  desired results ? 
  unlikely . 
  there are still tons of thibgs that can go wrong and prove to be unfeasible with the german idea . 
  the real boost in col energy is one of them . 
  the practicality of mart grid , fluctuating output , physical limitations in battery technology , limited lithium reserves , industrial requirements ... 
  i 'd much rather hold the `` insurance '' in nuclear . 
  especially since the odds are so stacked up against the goal . 
   especially with the new ( geniv ) types coming up ... to be fair , there 's not much expertise , vendors and research any more , due to fearmongering and populism . 
  i doubt germany has educated many nuclear engineers lately ( or that it has been among the most sought after career prospects ) . 
  even though these countries will likely end up reverting their phaseouts , it 's not like you can kickstart an another energy revolution in an instant when the previous one fails . 
  yes . 
  though at ground , you have ton of other options to use surplus power . 
  producing hydrogen , desalinazing water , pumping into water reservoirs , selling to your neighbors etc. 
  non-time critical and easily automatizable procedures you can do when you have extra power . 
  wasting power ai n't that big of an issue , when there 's plenty of fuel for hundreds of millions of years . 
   something practical is tens of years away . 
  umm ... no . 
  today , we have around 400 combined reactor years of experience of running different types of fast breeder reactors . 
  yes , every one of them have been more or less of `` prototypes '' , but that does n't mean they are n't generating electricity as we speak . 
  strictly speaking , `` old-fashioned '' reactors being built today ( like the one in olkiluoto 3 ) are also prototypes of designs not used before . 
  still , they are bought to generate electricity to the greater grid . 
  a number of nuclear waste burning fast breeder reactors have already been decommisioned , such as bc-350 . 
  bn-600 is operating right now ( although it was supposed to be shut down already as well ) , so is cefr , j\u014dy\u014d and fbtr . 
  russia and india are building new , bigger prototypes as we speak and there are a few planned to be deployed before 2020 . 
  ge hitachi has already promised to deliver their ifr-based s-prism for the uk . 
  then there are also the thorium projects lagging a bit behind . 
  they too can burn existing fuels . 
  what we have to wait a bit longer ( i 'd estimate around 10 years if we could ditch our no-nukes paranoia ) is to be able to deploy those things en masse . 
  ifr would have been estimated done by now if they would n't have been sacked . 
  their mission included the development of mass-deployable fast breeder reactors . 
  it takes a while to get back on track , but the tech is still pretty much closer to completion than any alternative . 
  clean coal ? 
  likely impossible , still more than 20 years away . 
  efficient solar ? 
  we wo n't likely have enough rare minerals for mass-deployment , but still mass-deployability is 100 years away .
