  so what began as a backlash against `` being the good kid '' easily let 's genuine racism to gain more ground as people are vulnerable after ** feeling ** their trust has been exploited . 
  depending on society , it has gotten more ground or less . 
  i understood hungary is in fairly bad shape and the greek neo-nazis have gotten ground ( though more as a protest rather than genuine racism ? 
  ) , but most of europe is still some of the most tolerant region on the planet . 
  before they felt like they owed the world their hospitality ( due to stuff like ww1 & 2 , colonialism etc. 
  ) , now they require people to bring something to the table before lending you their trust . 
  well ... finland needs a bargaining chip in the union . 
  right now we have only the credit rating to use in the table . 
  these statements are part domestic politics , part eu-politics and part power-struggle between the government parties . 
  they need to appear to be tough and `` in control '' to the voters , yet they need to play unpredictable to the eurozone . 
  the political climate in finland is pretty frustrated . 
  everyone supports the european project , yet they feel they are being punished for their unquestioning support . 
  everything 's been done by the book . 
  adopting euro , keeping budget in balance , being a happy net contributor the whole time ... 
  yet being a `` model student '' only seems to lead to being a push-around . 
  there 's no way finland or any other small country would have a say in the future of euro without holding the credit rating as a `` hostage '' . 
  i understood germany has moved a bit to similar tracks lately . 
   they understand the ramifications of a loss in confidence in the euro . 
  no they do n't . 
  the problem is that they have no clue what will happen . 
  they have some idea of how tomorrow will be if things were stable . 
  the meltdown is a huge unknown . 
  potentially dangerous , so risk-averse politicians want to avoid it . 
  economy is a damn complex thing . 
  if you 'd claim to understand the logistics and economical links for just beyond the hundreds of thousands of products in your local supermarket , i 'd claim you were a liar . 
  i agree with you . 
  but i do n't think that kind of nationalization is a realistic option in this scenario . 
  first of all , no government holds control over the currency . 
  in the 90 's , government could promise to back up the deposits and loans as they could inflate the currency they were in if needed . 
  not even germany or france can currently dictate the purchasing power of euro in order to squeeze their way out of their banks debts . 
  secondly , the powers seeking collateral are foreign nations from the other side of the continent . 
  the political , social and economical unrest once large quantities of national property enters foreign hands can be an unknown . 
  in sweden , the banks fell to their domestic government . 
  thirdly , the nations with troubled banks do n't seem to want to do it . 
  our banks seem to be fairly isolated from the troubled countries , so we have no incentive to bail out our own banks even if we could . 
  germany , france , spain , italy ... 
  they would need to blow the whistle . 
  and i can see they have more incentive to distribute their risks as much to the ez as they can . 
  ( it 's not fair and that should naturally be another reason to think leaving the ez . 
  i do n't think this should be solely about the numbers any more . 
  we need to bring values , honesty and justice to the table . ), 
   right now , you are just handing over money , without getting anything in return . 
  that is not technically true . 
  some emergency bailouts has been issued , but most of the large sums ( including the efsf ) are about providing collateral for the loans of the troubled countries . 
  so if we 'll figure out a miracle in the next few months , curing the 25 % unemployment in spain , restore competitiveness in greece , kill corruption from italy ... we would n't need to worry about the sums promised . 
   what are you going to do if italy needs money ? 
  you are alredy in it , and they might need a lot . 
  i understood the prime mechanism to avoid misuse ( of efsf ) is with the balance of terror involved . 
  a nation asking for support loses the voting rights within the structure and so it becomes an issue for germany and france to agree whether italy should receive a bailout or not . 
  they have their own larger proportions to pay , so there 's some trust needed . 
  it 's not a perfect nor a very good mechanism , but honestly , i ca n't think of much better ways to create such distribution channels once they have been decided to be necessary . 
  the circumstances when the decisions were made were not the healthiest either . 
   you are giving money to the banks without any colleteral - why ? 
  as i understood it ... banks are private companies like any others . 
  they are owned by stockholders . 
  often the very same countries they are getting their bailouts from . 
  the assets banks own are a collateral for their shareholders . 
  you could organize a `` support buying of stocks '' in order to receive a proper share for your investment . 
  however , the stock market rate for troubled banks rarely is that solid for effective issues of shares . 
  nor do the banks even hold enough shares of themselves to give for the governments . 
  in nordea , the bank itself has control over only a few percents of the company stock . 
  you could enact a forceful buyout of stock for a fixed price , but that is called nationalization and the markets might very easily draw conclusions of whether it 's smart to invest somewhere , where governments have a habit of re-arranging ownership when their investments go up and down ... 
  so we are kind of left with what the bailouts are doing right now . 
  the governments themselves lending big sums of money via various instruments , hoping that the banks are able to pay them back . 
   why would you be worse off ? 
  the thinking so far has been , that we have had a small chance of `` buying ourselves out '' from this mess with the packages and loans . 
  chances for that succeeding are becoming slimmer and slimmer every day , as we have been unable to seize the spread of the crisis . 
  the issue we are trying to avoid is triggering the collapse of eurozone and eu . 
  crashing the market would be disastrous for every economy on earth . 
  more so for the euro-members , as the market-trust would be eradicated . 
  so if we 'd leave , it would very likely trigger a chain reaction with an overall reduction in eurozone credit ratings , possible followers with austria , netherlands , estonia , slovakia and who knows . 
  it would break the eurozone and we are trying to guess whether it 's smarter to throw money at the problem or let the thing collapse . 
  since the collapse starts to seem imminent ( maybe not by us , but some of the younger members have way more incentives ) , we think whether there might be some kind of first mover advantage . 
  of course , if we 'd never joined the ez , we would likely be better off right now . 
  though the reasons to join ( we had just survived a banking crisis of our own ) would still be there and small currencies hold their own issues on the long run . 
  i 'd still prefer a joint currency , though it should be backed with joint economic policy and more homogenous governance . 
  edit : and let 's not forget why the eu was initially forged . 
  peace is more fragile than we like to think about . 
  it pains me greatly to think about , but honestly i ca n't see a future where wo n't see tanks in the streets of athens , rome or madrid in the near future . 
  so far no-one in the eurozone has not played by the rules . 
  it 's super unlikely that there wo n't be more freeloading without the threat of deadly force . 
   i think that is a nice attitude , and but i wonder for how long you are to be paying ? 
  i do n't think finland will be the one cultivating the `` payer backlash '' . 
  the next political pressure will be with the european parlamentary elections at 2014 , so the current regime has plenty of time to go with the selected course . 
  the collapse wo n't happen before germany stops paying and by then , they will be in so much trouble themselves that even they ca n't stop a massive eu-wide inflation cutting off the international debts . 
  but the real issue is with countries even poorer than greece et al. 
  countries like estonia , slovakia and a number of eastern european countries have been pushed to be the payers due to their willingness to adopt euro and integrate to the eu . 
  their regimes wo n't hold no moral excuses to pay for people better off than themselves ( gdp of estonia is around 20 % less than greece , in 2011 ) . 
  i do n't know about eurowide election calendar , but i 'm very positive we 'll be seeing some populistic triumphs ending up with distancing from the bailouts and eu . 
  depending on how the first `` exiters '' will fare , we 'll likely see either stronger commitment to euro ( even from outside the eurozone ) or encouragement for other members to abandon the sinking ship . 
  the mentality in finland seems to be much of `` we know we 'll be worse off if eurozone fails , but we can take it . 
  we always have . '', 
  and the argument is more about discussing whether the deficit in democracy and the moral hazards with the bailouts are a greater bad than the obvious economical issues of saying no . 
  well , the soviet union was pretty cool neighbor to have as a customer for your bootstrapping industry . 
  they had these kinks , like forbidding us to take any western aid for rebuilding ( when western europe was doing the whole marshall aid thing ) and expected us to pay our reparations fully ( which was done . 
  afaik , finland was the only country which did n't default fully or partly their reparation payments ) eu has been good for us and really opened up the global markets after the bilateral trade with soviets went to a halt . 
  nevertheless , as a nation , finland has always been a net-payer in the union ( apart from 2000 , which was due to late eu-payments for the previous year ) . 
  i do n't mind paying and paying even more taxes to help our southern friends . 
  but i think we are fully entitled to expect to see the reforms happend and the terms honored which we see necessary as conditions for the loans . 
  i can understand why the conditions are seen unfair .
