  fusion ? 
  it has been 50 years away since the '50s . 
  iter is the second prototype . 
  from fast breeders and thorium , we have dozens of prototypes with hundreds of years of running experience . 
  wind , geothermal ... their scalability is still questioned . 
  what we have * today * , is a few very solid designs for 3rd generation nuclear plants we can use for the next 10-20 years if needed . 
  the tech most likely to be matured by then is the 4th gen nuclear . 
  if i would have to make the bet on life on this planet on something , i would go with nukes . 
  hands down . 
  ( what i 'm most sceptical about is whether we would actually start burning the existing nuclear waste in a while , since uranium and thorium are too abundant in earth 's crust . 
  i think it was an mit study claiming that recycling nuclear fuel wo n't be economically sensible in the next 50-100 years compared to just running 3 times as many current-gen epr 's as today with freshly mined uranium . 
  just to give an insight into what it really means to measure energy output closer to e = mc ^ 2 than e = 1/2 mv ^ 2 , it 's estimated that just the current reserves of depleted uranium ammo of us army could be used to fuel the entire earth ( with approximately 9 billion people having a western standard of living ) for the next 200 years . 
  we have plenty more of nuclear waste , weapons and unmined reserves to be burned . 
  we would really have to start some pretty energy intensive projects in order to get rid of our current nuclear waste . 
  even tens of thousands of years of radioactive decay might come sooner than our actual need to use it . ), 
   since nuclear for all practical purposes can not be turned on and off at will . 
  you do n't want to turn reaction on or off . 
  just moderate the output to balance the spikes in other production . 
  how do you think nuclear submarines work ? 
  they ca n't halt their engines ? 
  it 's just * less bad * for the nature than pretty much anything else man made . 
  those coal plants will destroy much more forest , even the wind-parks require lots of acres for sacrifice . 
  not to mention big cities ... 
  when reactors are built as unique projects and prototypes , then yes . 
  they are expensive . 
  i have a better idea . 
  dump it all into the ocean !, 
  ( for real ! ), 
  first of all , most of the waste is recyclable in advanced breeder reactors . 
  the process also significantly reduces the `` glow-period '' from thousands of years to a bit more than a hundred . 
  there are 2000 year old shipwrecks in mediterranenan still intact . 
  some parts of the ocean bed are pretty much the most stable locations on earth . 
  but still , radiation is not contagious , we could end up killing off some deep-sea living worms and algae . 
  a quote from [ ( a free ) book suggesting ] ( http://www.thesciencecouncil.com/prescription-for-the-planet.html ) this solution :  we should probably discuss just how much waste we 're talking about , even though the vastness of the deep ocean bottom is hardly going to be affected . 
  the entire waste output of short-lived fission products from a one-gigawatt ifr plant running for an entire year would be a little smaller than the size of a standard filing cabinet . 
  say we eventually have 5,000 ifr plants running worldwide once all other generating systems have been taken offline . 
  that would annually produce a block of waste approximately 10 meters on a side , produced from the entire world 's contingent of reactors for an all-electric ( and boron ) planet . 
  every few years or so we could put it all in a junk freighter that could be towed out to sea and sunk . 
  the freighter might come to rest on a couple of marine worms . 
  apologies all around . 
  not only this . 
  they also assume that the energy ( and electricity ) consumption will go down as stuff get 's more efficient . 
  the thing is , most of the future tech we envision to apply ( electrical automotives , cloud computing , recycling robots , plasma arc recycling etc. ), 
  needs electricity like hell . 
  you do n't run the infrastructure producing wind mills with love and good spirit either . 
  this and jevons paradox will likely mean an increase in energy consumption , rather than decrease . 
  it 's a massive gambit for a very hypothetical future . 
  and i 'd prefer nuclear power to be the insurance policy rather than coal any day . 
  europe is not a country . 
  there are dozens of different educational systems within europe . 
  some are good , some are bad . 
  often even worse than most us systems . 
  then the quality often varies much between educational levels . 
  finnish elementary education is apparently ok , yet the university system performs less well in most independent metrics . 
  most systems have pro 's and con 's . 
  for finnish one , i 'd say it gives very equal results everywhere . 
  you can go to a rural public school and wo n't get significantly different results than if you 'd go to a semi-private city school . 
  also , we do a lot to boost the people who do not perform so well . 
  so , the `` worst students '' get decently educated as well . 
  many say the focus on equality reduces opportunities from the most gifted students , though i 'm very sceptical about that . 
  i think even those kids learn more valuable lessons by helping out less talented ones in mixed classrooms than by being segregated to their own elite schools . 
   if we disregard the `` send in the troops ! '', 
  option , russia has the ability to use its economical strength to force finland to do its bidding . 
  i think finland would have more leverage in that regard if we were n't as tighly knitted to the european project . 
  most of the european border in russia has even more uneasy relationship with the soviet history than we do . 
  tensions like the [ ukrainian gas dispute of 2009 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_russia%e2%80%93ukraine_gas_dispute ) or the [ cyberattacks on estonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_cyberattacks_on_estonia ) are less probable , should we offer `` the least unpredictable '' route to europe . 
  if there 's something we 've learned from this euro-crisis , big entities are not any less likely to seek trouble or that there 's very little guarantee for such leagues to hold given the excuse . 
  eurozone is not a military coalition . 
  even if it were , even generals compromise like they did with czechoslovakia and poland in 1938 . 
  and let 's face it . 
  70-80 % of our oil/gas/coal / whatever vital energy needs is from russian imports . 
  it 's also about with whom finland would rather align herself with in case of disputes ... 
  when most of your export and import market shares a currency , it 's much easier for a business to plan in long-term . 
  say , german steel industry does not need to worry about finnish steel price fluctuating much due to currency value changes . 
  having a big currency also defends against market manipulation . 
  [ black wednesday ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_wednesday ) . 
  and in case of current eurozone , i understood finland is still on `` the receiving end '' of the deal . 
  interest rates are super low and the `` southern demand '' has helped our economy much in the same ways as germany has benefited from strong `` internal market '' . 
  and what is expected from eurozone membership and what not is debatable . 
  the raw deal ( originally ) was one where the nations would take care of their economies despite sharing a currency . 
  now it did n't work out and the bailouts are considered to be the lesser evil of bad options . 
  it 's not `` expected '' , but the traditional wisdom has considered it stupid to just let euro go down with it 's weakest links . 
  for finland , some of the benefits are not so clear , as we trade more with sweden , norway , russia etc. 
  who are not members of the eurozone . 
  so it would intuitively make more sense to have a more free currency to counter currency fluctuations of those markets . 
   was racism and xenophobia in europe as prevalent before the crisis as it is now ? 
  i think this is the best question to start unraveling the european immigration attitudes of this decade . 
  up a few years back ( i 'd say it ended shortly after 9/11 ) , europe was really , really trying to do everything `` by the book of social justice '' . 
  trying to set an example in tolerance and openness . 
  gay marriages being mostly legal , having open borders between each other ( most of the issues today are due to european immigrants e.g. 
  romani people ) , strong social programs ( even immigrants are allowed to very generous social benefits ) and having very strict hate crime legislation . 
  in finland , usually the public prosecutor is the first one to claim lawsuits against religious harassment , not the people being harassed . 
  you could say , that usa is quite tolerant place in a way where everyone 's minding their own business . 
  european socialism and culture is more about minding about each other 's business , so being tolerant and equal towards one another means sharing equally without prejudice . 
  so if a country has social programs , you should allow foreigners to tap into . 
  us has very little social programs , so they do n't need to worry about that so much . 
  what happened since , was a shift in that attitude . 
  people started to feel that immigrants were exploiting the generosity and existing social infrastructures without paying their contribution to society . 
  muslims forming their cliques , holding their old values ( where some issues like gay - & women 's rights are strictly against european values ) and not integrating , romani 's exploiting the free roaming privileges to beg and steal instead of working , eastern european builders working without paying taxes ( and unfairly competing against domestic labour ) , exploiting refugee quotas , etc. 
  everyone knows it 's only a fraction of immigrants behaving badly , but in otherwise safe and functional societies , you might suddenly see a tenfold increase in crimes virtually non-existent in the past .
