  but on the other hand , it 's equally or even more unfair to force someone else to pay with oppositely unfair terms . 
  for that , the lender should always have the option of not lending money and if being in the euro means forfeiting that option , i think we should exit asap . 
  to be fair , there 's much agreement in the more educated circles , that nokia has long been more of a burden than a boost for the finnish economy . 
  one too big company and the entire supply network was draining way too much of talent and focus upon itself . 
  it was an economic boost , yes , but downturns are inevitable and it 's not wise to be dependant on one company too big for the country . 
  it will be one of the hardest restructurings this country has ever seen , but i believe that eventually we 'll have much more diverse and healthy economy than before . 
  in one way , we are incredibly lucky that the collapse is happening when there 's a global emergence of mobile internet and a shortage for tech talent happening when we have a surplus of such engineers . 
  some will fall through the cracks , but i ca n't think of a better time for this restructuring . 
  why would anyone want to learn something that 's easy ? 
  rather , learn and do stuff what 's hard !, 
  russian , chinese , polish , finnish !, 
  p\u00f6h !, 
   fun historical fact : finland repaid the last parts of debt incurred during the first world war to the united states during the continuation war ( 1941-1944 ) this kind of `` need to prove oneself '' i see as a symptom of the said complex . 
  finns ai n't that special snowflakes . 
  i guess it 's `` sisu '' . 
  somewhere between persistence , defiance and courage . 
  though i do n't like that word as a cultural descriptor . 
  self-appraisal does n't suit finns . 
  we have more of an inferiority complex towards the rest of the world . 
  if you think a nation state is a good idea , perhaps with a shared cultural agreement , you have a share of nationalistic opinions . 
  if you think ( forcibly ) sharing wealth and addressing inequality is a good idea , you have a share of socialistic views . 
  if those would be the prime directives of ones political view , technically it 's not wrong to call them national socialists . 
  and there 's plenty of those parties around these days . 
  with and without the racism and totaliatarism parts . 
  grouping right-wing and conservatism with nazism is misleading and inaccurate . 
  there 's plenty of reasons to critizise the party policies on their own . 
  misleading shaming and dismissal will just make the opposition look stupid for anyone who knows enough history to note that pretty much every every oppressive regime in europe during the last century has used the * leftist * `` socialist '' - suffix and politics . 
  * flame * : for some reason they have always been the ones na\u00efve enough to be deluded of the diabolic other ... 
  i think it 's less about lack of flexibility , but more about strong commitments to contracts and negotiated terms . 
  it depends on the industry , but if the job is something that can be done with flexible hours , then the worker can set ones timetable . 
  i know a lot of people who work by night , some who work early , some who work late ... 
  but the terms are nearly always negotiated in advance and the outcome is respected almost by the minute . 
  back in southern europe , i noticed that a lot of times ( including shop opening hours ) were more of `` estimates '' , whereas those are very definite in finland . 
  who works when and how much overtime is required can be settled , but the goal is to make sure that the office is open at least from 9 to 17 . 
  it 's not like people will leave the building if you ca n't get all work done in 8 hours , but you 'll be sure that those hours will be taken back by the minute as vacation or overtime pay . 
  it 's a nice thought game . 
  but like i said , it 's not necessarily possible for a human to extend the space infinitely . 
  people tend to care more about shit happening in their immediate vicinity , not because they are mean - but because they can comprehend only a limited amount of information and relevance at a time . 
  more importantly , societies and deep social interaction require trust that others extend similar prioritizations and trust towards you . 
  if you 'd say to me that you care about me as much as you care about the guy starving on the other side of the globe ( or the street ) whom you obviously do n't care enough to stop starving , i would not grant you loans , protection or social trust like i would for people with more realistic sense of territory and image of people . 
  and for my sanity , i 'd prefer to think such person as an idealist rather than a sociopath . 
  what i do n't believe , that they would genuinely be capable of living how they preach . 
  or they might . 
  then again , it 's just more likely that they just care as little about thy neighbor than they care about the homeless guy . 
  it 's not nice that ( most ) people trust each other in spectrum ( me  my family  my friends  my neighbors/colleagues  cultural reference  state  ... ) . 
  but it 's less bad than the binary alternative in 999/1000 ( me  others ), 
  practically everyone tolerates slavery , poverty , hunger and generally shit happening much better when it happens on other continents . 
  people do n't look like they are wired to extend their tribes globally . 
  except sociopaths , who lack even that slight compassion towards their neighbors , which most people expect from social interaction . 
  i 'm a finn and ca n't understand shit . 
  what is your problem ? 
  i have the same finnish education , cultural experiences , military experience etc. 
  we are talking here . 
  in addition i have first hand experiences and contrasts to reflect upon for living significantly abroad . 
  the secret of averages is that usually there is no samples of average . 
  most finns ( `` average '' ) do n't even use reddit , so by that wish you are already making discussion impossible . 
   we 're not looking for facts here - we 're looking for opinions . 
  you are the one who claimed to bring `` facts '' to the table claiming finns are moving further away from nato . 
  neither is there anything wrong with trying to find objectiveness . 
  you were asking for `` finns to arrive here to set the story straight '' . 
  that sounds like asking for objective views to support your pov . 
  well , things ai n't so black and white . 
  yes , i think it 's true that specofdust probably does not see the ( increasing ) distrust towards the west , yet the issue is way more complicated than that . 
  stuff like russia itself having gotten closer to finland after the cw . 
  our president herself still does more than biannual trips to meet russian heads of state . 
  and putin & medvedev visit fi quite often as well . 
  from their pov , all their other borders to europe are filled with nations who pretty much hate russians whereas finns are barely cautious . 
  important trade like the nord stream gas-pipe ( recent history tells us why russia might be a bit cautious of their gas flowing through the ex-soviet states like ukraine ... ) brings east closer to us . 
  and the bilateral trade , industrialisation to pay the war reparations are for us what made it possible to build a welfare state over the 3rd world shithole we were in after 4 bloody wars ... 
  honestly . 
  doing fair share of travel and external observation very rarely makes you less of an expert . 
  well , imo specofdust has a pretty good understanding of finnish mentality with this issue . 
  and it should not be thought that outsiders could n't provide valid viewpoints via their observations . 
  everyone is biased with their own viewpoint . 
  outside observers usually help getting closer to the truth . 
  not true . 
  the net [ contributions of norway to eu-budget ] ( http://www.euromove.org.uk/index.php?id=6509 ) are on [ par to the similar sized ( in population ) finland ] ( http://www.hs.fi/english/article/finland+among+smallest+net+contributors+in+eu/1135246248120 ) . 
  good guy norway just ends up paying a fair lump of money for eu without getting much back in social programmes , such as agricultural or regional subsidies . 
  and without voting rights . 
  that is not to say , that full membership would be any cheaper . 
  i think the disappointment is a bit stemming from cold war propaganda ( `` they all left you alone '' ) than genuine lack of swedish involvement . 
  there is a number of issues which are considered `` understandable '' , but still form something of a wound in common psyche . 
  for example , it is genuinely considered good , humane and somewhat beyond call of duty that sweden took thousands of war-orphans into their care while finland was fighting . 
  but then after years of fighting , a number of children refused to return to their parents ( well , going back to a burned country to work in farms and rebuilding a nation ai n't something many would choose voluntarily . ), 
  then the public refusal of aid is widely considered to have been an instrument to pressure finland to settle for the harsh terms of surrender . 
  i think the post-war development is what raises more anger today . 
  during the cold war , sweden was under the nato umbrella ( though unofficially ) and finland happened to be troublesomly positioned at the shortest flight-route between nato and soviet bases and population centres . 
  when both of your neighbors plan is to nuke ( or let a superpower to nuke ) the shit out from you if threatened ( sweden even planned to build its own nukes in the 50 's and 60 's ) , you kind of take offense . 
  even though all the stuff of ww2 and the lessons learned ( ca n't really trust to receive help if asked ) , the general wish ( or the illusion sold to the people ) of the time was that sweden would figure out that the red army would march over them next and would ( be morally obliged to ) ally with finland in conflict . 
  so with that and this weird idea of honorary debt of `` because of what we did in the 40 's , you do n't have 600km of soviet border ( which would push sweden to the geopolitical shitstorm where finland was for the entire cold war ) , or worse '' , moves of sweden and its armed forces were and are still viewed with very special interest . 
  for example , if sweden would have gone officially nato , there would have probably been very little to stop finland from ending up in warsaw pact . 
  even all the years after cw , stuff like sweden abolishing conscription is still seen as backstabbing and `` unfair '' . 
  [ there was a good article of the whole hassle at the economist lately . 
  worth reading . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2011/12/finland-and-american-intelligence ) and now the radar co-operation , integrating eu defence etc. 
  are often viewed as something what we 'd hoped could 've been done 70 years ago . 
   american treasury bonds are classed as the safest investment that there is ( it 's telling that the yields on american bonds decreased after the us ' downgrade , due to , paradoxically , investors wanting to find the safest harbour that they could , which was american bonds ) they decreased in absolute terms , but they remained relatively same/got more pricy compared to the better rated alternatives . 
  when us got downgraded , the bond interests decreased way more for germany , nordics etc. 
  the same happens now . 
  france and austria get money for the same terms , but the bonds for germany , finland etc.
