thank you . 
  and just as a reference to anyone reading , poland was only 19 % , italy 25 % , greece 28 % and most relevant to this context , turkey was only at 15 % . 
  i would like to see the data as well , but i have seen that stated before , i think in the economist . 
  the second generation assimilates to the native culture and so does their birthrate ( as long as they intregate with society at large and are not self-isolated ), 
  denial in very transparent form ; at least you 're honest, 
  no , i 'm not excusing it , just trying to understand it . 
  understanding can only be helpful right ? 
  if we do n't try to see them as people there would be no hope . 
  people have been deradicalised before and deradicalise others . 
  i do n't think it 's their choice . 
  their parents brought them here . 
  they sometimes have no reason to feel marginalised , but sometimes they are . 
  when you 're marginalised and a stupid teenager you will look for an out to use as justification for taking revenge on the `` system '' . 
  look , obviously i am disgusted by and afraid of this , but they were 15 and 16 years old . 
  i was troubled back then too . 
  i am honestly very empathetic to closing down immigration from certain places , but realistically we need to focus on integration and rehabilitation right now to fix this . 
  again a silly comment considering that spiders are not human and have no malicious intent to harm anyone for not adhering to their culture . 
  [ not confirmed yet , so bear that in mind , but two most likely radicalised teenagers killed a random person near our capital and possibly wrote ` isis ' in his blood . 
  ] ( http://www.canberratimes.com.au/nsw/service-station-worker-fatally-stabbed-in-queanbeyan-police-hunt-for-two-teenagers-20170406-gvfkat.html ) i say killed in capitals because that concept is so alien to me . 
  that someone would murder an innocent person for absolutely no reason at all . 
  very scary times we live in . 
  what a disingenuous comment . 
  you know what i mean . 
  especially in belgium . 
  i did n't say i would n't move , just that it makes me consider changing my mind . 
  terrorism was basically limited to the uk and spain though , was it not ? 
  i do n't want to live in either of those places ( although in this political climate and economy barcelona seems more attractive ) , so if i were born 40 years ago i would have had no problems in sweden and no fears of being killed by a radical muslim or right-wing extremist . 
  `` funnily '' enough melbourne is seeing a dramatic increase in violent home invasions , carjackings and robbery . 
  almost all due to sudanese immigrants . 
  there really is something to be said there . 
  norway would be my first port of call , but it 's even more expensive than here ( which is saying quite a lot ) . 
  i suppose denmark it might be . 
  really though , what is to come ? 
  i never see anyone discussing any concrete and direct solutions to this problem . 
  how will france get out of their mess ? 
  they have a country that in some areas is severely segregated and radicalisation going on everywhere . 
  how do they get out of it ? 
  what will happen in germany ? 
  what will happen in sweden ? 
  i want to see some actual action . 
  it 's infuriating and i do n't even live there . 
  i can totally sympathise with the right on this ( not that i would take the policy positions they would ) . 
  not really , i would like to feel safe walking on the streets of a european capital . 
  i do n't live in a rough area and there are less than 400 murders a year nationally so i do n't think worrying about murder is as proportional as worrying about terrorism . 
  but we ca n't deny that sweden has a problem with integrating immigrants . 
  i say that from a cool-headed perspective , not a bigoted one . 
  i would really love to move to sweden . 
  a progressive , highly gay friendly , well-educated and very safe country . 
  but i just hear more and more about the tensions in the country and the grenade throwing and isolation and gang activity and whatnot . 
  it makes me sad , we have problems in australia ( we had a very minor terrorist incident today in fact ) but we are an island and have a populace who , maybe thankfully , are not eager to let in thousands of people from other cultures at once who can not feasibly all assimilate in the concentrated communities they 're in . 
  hopefully this is a generational thing and it can be stemmed out . 
  sadly though i only see the right winning more and more because of things like this and a more hostile and segregated country evolving out of it . 
  the more this happens the more i rethink moving to europe , which is a real big fucking shame . 
  i hope something changes . 
  i feel so bad for everyone that has died in all of these attacks . 
  swedes , please take action , but do n't take action by voting for right-wing extremists who will only aggravate the situation and cause more tragedy . 
  thank you !, 
  hit me up with more questions if you like !, 
  i am happy to answer even the ones you think are mundane , any time of day, 
  technically the / j / in ipa , but yes , phonemically it 's [ yoorip ] so the first consonant is a `` y '', 
  happy to help any time, 
  you might find corrections annoying or you could find them helpful so i 'll just say that even though ` european ' starts with a vowel ( and then another vowel ) , the first sound in the word is actually a consonant sound so you say `` a european '' and not `` an european '' . 
  i say this because your english is otherwise perfect . 
  people who believed he stood for something do n't overlap with people who can critically think for themselves . 
  depends what he means ( even though i know exactly what he intends ) . 
  i agree that obviously not all cultures are equal and that `` multiculturalism '' that tolerates oppressive cultures and does n't encourage a shared national identity is bad . 
  that 's not because it has `` failed '' , it 's because the west has never encouraged that definition of multiculturalism . 
  it has encouraged multiple cultures ** under a shared identity ** . 
  i would assume with some certainty that he does n't mean the second type of multiculturalism , he means that tolerating all cultures and not wanting them to assimilate has failed . 
  kind of hard to fail when it was never an official policy of any country . 
  i would also assume that by saying `` multiculturalism has failed '' he just means `` cultures that are n't my own -- even when they conform to the mainstream as well as keeping their own customs -- do n't belong in my country '' , which i do n't agree with . 
  did i use the word forcibly or did you ? 
  it was you . 
  i think i said `` incentives '' . 
   it 's rather ironic you 'd consider stopping people from coming too harsh a policy i said no such thing . 
   and then advocate stalinist `` forced integration/assimilation '' within our society is it stalinist to want people to assimilate to your culture when they move into it ? 
  is n't that what you want ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  you clearly do not hate labelling people ; be honest with yourself . 
  you have accused `` my '' ideas ( that are n't actually mine , but those you have decided are mine ) of being `` stalinist '' and `` far-leftist '' ( of which i am neither ) . 
  i have no problems with borders or enforcing them . 
  you clearly have a problem with comprehension , accusations and assumptions . 
  i do n't want to give the government insane powers to break citizens ' rights . 
  again , i used the word `` incentives '' . 
  you were the one that strawmanned me and are attacking that strawman as if i suggested it were done `` forcibly '' . 
  societies are not being islamised . 
  not least bulgaria . 
  learn how to argue and consider things with balance and nuance . 
  i did n't say i disagreed with you on that . 
  i know it 's a problem . 
  the solution is to enforce integration in whatever way possible . 
  that could be incentives to disperse large muslim communities across an entire area so they are diluted within the population and more likely to assimilate to the culture . 
  but the solution is not to do what we do here . 
  yes , our immigration policy should definitely be exported . 
  i too hope to see more countries set up camps where journalists are not allowed to go to and doctors are not allowed to publicly describe because of the dire conditions there . 
  i too hope we see more dystopic detention centres where people are locked inside a facility for years of their lives simply for trying to come to a new country without their papers to make a new life for themselves . 
  i want more refugee children permanently traumatised and fantasising killing themselves . 
  it 's actually beyond remarkable that for such a relatively long period of time so much of europe has been free of the public violence that terrorism causes . 
  it 's astounding when compared with the wars fought on european soil only a few decades ago and how violent other parts of the world are . 
  we live in amazingly safe and fortunate times .
