chrudim because why not . 
  bbc in charge of handling the banter . 
  sooner or later we will be forced to revise the dublin agreement . 
   illegal job market in germany is probably very tiny you 'd be amazed . 
   if such compromises can not be made , one might ask what is the point of union at all ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there was something else beside redistributing migrants . 
  both the bp and the climate change are full of shit , i do n't even know who to make fun of anymore, 
  it 's not a solution , it 's a temporary fix - more people will follow soon , what will we do then ? 
  not to even mention we basically gave eu bureaucrats a foot in the door in deciding who we let into our countries . 
  literally everyone lost today . 
  a condominium apparently . 
  this is an outrage , i feel betrayed by my own government . 
  hopefully more non-v4 countries join us . 
  the only good thing about this draft is the notion that hungary is n't a border state therefore should deport all the illegals not only does it cling to the unacceptable compulsory quotas but contains backdoors for more future relocations, 
  kids are getting more and more fat tho ; parents should intervene but as per usual they could n't care less, 
   is there any nation in europe that actually likes roma people/gypsies ? 
  amnesty internationals, 
  also the truth, 
  *  you * *  white * also *  police checks your id * *  das raysis *, 
  i wonder how long will it take till they fold . 
   this seems quite important for the course of our political discourse for the upcoming months so let me post a translation high chamber , i can not hide that i 'm now in a bit of a pickle because the opinion i have heard here are somewhat contrary - on the one hand ms prime minister and also mr leader [ of another party ] about political philosophy in this last case ; and on the other side the different kinds of forecasts of building a stronghold ` europe ' and a stronghold ` poland ' . 
  i do not know how to make sense of it but anyhow it would be nice had the parties in power known what in essence this all comes down to . 
  because in reality - high chamber - the following question is of utmost importance : can the government under foreign oppression and without a clear agreement from the nation make decisions which with high probability may have harmful consequences for our life , our everyday life , our public life , our public space , our real freedom and in the end - what has already been raised - our security . 
  to that i want to answer : law and justice [ speaker 's party ] thinks the government has no right to make such decision . 
  [ applause from the right side ] moreover we think that makeing such a decision without the society 's affirmation - and there is n't one - is breaking the constitution - yes , mister mp it 's breaking the constitution - it 's breaking the rule of sovereignty and also breaking the citizen 's right . 
  that 's why there is no agreement on our side [ right side clapping yet again ] i want to stress that this is not about taking in this or that number of foreigners regardless of who they are . 
  this is about the real danger that a process will be run which in short will work as follows : first the number of foreigners is rising rapidly , they they do n't , they do n't want to , they declare they wo n't respect our law and our custom and then or parallel they impose their sensitivity and their requirements in the public space , in the different spheres of life in a very aggressive manner to that . 
  to anyone saying it is not true please take a look around europe . 
  peer for example at sweden : 54 spheres where sharia is in law and there is no state control . 
  the insecurity of hoisting the swedish flag on schools - it 's their custom - because there 's a cross on that flag . 
  even as it turns out to swedish girls , schoolgirls it does n't really behove to wear short outfits because that also is not seen well . 
  what is happening in italy ? 
  occupied churches , sometimes treated as toilets . 
  what is happening in france ? 
  the never ending quarrel , also sharia being forced , the militias that follow - that are keeping an eye on whether the sharia is followed . 
  the same in london . 
  also in the strongest , the toughest in that case germany phenomenons take place . 
  is that what you ladies and gentlemen want ? 
  do you want this to occur in poland as well ? 
  for us to cease to be the hosts in our own country ? 
  is this what you want ? 
  i want to say clearly - neither the polish want this nor does law and justice however despite our unanimous agreement on the matter i think it is important to contemplate the arguments - also the philosophical ones that mr leader has been speaking about - for the opposite stand . 
  it is of course possible to - in a radical way - treat the doctrine of universal equity . 
  yes , it can be done . 
  only it is impossible in accordance to that doctrine - in it 's radical form , the radical consequences of that doctrine - it is impossible to explain why some [ people ] are being helped while others are n't . 
  we have to then open entirely , not only to those who suffer war to day - about a milliard [ 1 * 10 ^ 9 ] people today suffer hunger - let 's take them in . 
  let the whole europe , let the states , let japan , let all the wealthy countries or at least the relatively successful ones take them in . 
  those are the consequences , those consequences can be applied internally as well . 
  let 's take into every wealthy or at least successful family the poor who are for example in our country . 
  those are the consequences of this doctrine if you even think about it , mr leader . 
  if you understand anything about philosophy [ applause ] yet of course in this situation - because the fulfillment of this doctrine in this way would bring forth the fall of our civilization , the same civilization that created freedom and modern science - we must seek another doctrine , the one that would moderate this radicalism . 
  a doctrine like that exists , it 's * ordo caritatis * , the order of charity , the order of love . 
  in accordance to it kin comes first , family , then comes the nation , then the others . 
  is not helping a consequence of this doctrine ? 
  no ladies and gentlemen we should help . 
  we are strongly for helping but in a safe way , the financial way . 
  it has been said that 2,8 milliard [ 2.8 * 10 ^ 9 ] usd is the cost or rather is still needed for the camp that provide the great push of the people towards europe . 
  let 's take onto ourselves the share or the liabilities that we should cover proportionally our gdp versus the eu 's . 
  it 's not a lot and it wo n't be a fortune yet it will be a substantial amount . 
  it would be real solidarity . 
  this will be the way to solving this issue . 
  [ applause ] at the same time - it has been already raised - we need to differentiate between the refugees who are really fleeing the war and economic migrants . 
  they need to be differentiated . 
  who has by the way created a big magnet attracting the latter ? 
  germany . 
  it is their problem . 
  orban was right about that . 
  [ applause ] it simply is their problem , not ours . 
  we can help the refugees , let me reiterate in a way safe for poles . 
  there are also different arguments of the moral or historically-moral nature : the first one is colonialism - poland has not taken part in it ; the second one is the policy of some of the european countries and somewhat the united stated on the middle east in the recent years - everything that has to do with all the revolutions , the destabilization that has happened there . 
  poland has also not taken part in that . 
  there is - high chamber - another argument raised - junickel has raised it - it 's the argument that refers to polish emigration . 
  yes indeed , many , many poles have migrated - in the recent years as well as those further back , as well as in the early century and the one before that . 
  it is all true - however , high chamber - have poles while emigrating have been forcing in the places where they were , where they appeared their rules ? 
  have they been terrorizing anyone ? 
  no , they have worked hard , with modesty , often with too much modesty . 
  [ applause ] there have been those who have fought in the xix century for ours and yours freedom and that fight gives us a credit - not the other way round - as a country of freedom not the opposite . 
  and at last there is the argument that is raised often - the eu pays us - well , there are european funds - well , miss high speaker , high chamber - what do they pay us for ? 
  so that we give away to the strongest , the biggest european countries - because it 's they not we decide in brussels - a very substantial part of our ability to arbitrate in our affairs . 
  they have immense regulation power also over poland - it has immense economical power and it has political power . 
  we do not get anything for free , one could say they buy us very cheaply . 
  [ applause ] that 's why we have no reason to have guilty conscience . 
  we have reasons however to defend our sovereignity . 
  to oppose the unthinkable statements of european politicians with mr shultz at the head of . 
  [ applause ] . 
  we have a right to defend ourselves from the defamation action run by poland 's mortal enemies - people who have gone mad from their hate of our country [ consternation in current pm 's booth ] - it is indeed an element of the same action . 
  we have a right and not complying with it is not only a disgrace , not only a sandal , not only a shame but also a big political mistake . 
  [ standing ovation ], 
  that 's a bit of an overstatement, 
  is this the guy behind kraftwerk ? 
  as much as i do n't like leftists  re-opening coal mines , might actually make him our ally on the european front i find this most peculiar, 
  all the bullshit aside : it 's called central europe . 
  it 's based on the similarity of cultures and geopolitical realities of the people living between the baltic and the balkans . 
  mitteleuropa was a pangerman concept that failed because of nonchalant german imperialism , the same kind that their media output and politicians have been displaying lately . 
  those two should n't be used interchangeably . 
  good , hopefully more will follow . 
   are they just out of touch ? 
  they are . 
  eu officials live in a bubble and spend their days carelessly trying to outbluepill themselves . 
  they have literally no idea what their constituents think or want , they dream the babyboomer dream .
