  boils down to : germans can play peacemongers and shoot commemorative photos of themselves saving the world within the safety of being able of getting rid of anyone via dublin iii at convenience while everyone else needs to worry about the longterm first . 
  to the fellow who claimed that 's why germans abolished dublin iii and still got shittalk despite that : actually you did n't . 
  in case you missed the news the hungarians asked your government about the details of this novelty and it turned out that all the paperwork must still be done before syrains may be sent to you . 
  have this not been so today we would n't have had all the immigrants in the train tracks business . 
  hungarians and austrians would just open a channel and let everyone through . 
  moreover there 's no certainty that you wo n't send them back when you 're done playing maria theresa . 
  also note the fact that currently it is impossible to state who 's a syrian and who is n't . 
  literally every arabic speaker from mauritania to indonesia can clam that nationality or even acquire a fake passport . 
  the immigrants , they do n't travel all this way hoping to barge into our countries . 
  this whole crisis is solely uk 's , sweden 's , belenux and germany 's fault and they should bear the consequences of their folly , not hungary . 
  god dammit , we 've spent a millennium fighting each other and now you want to off yourselves ? 
  real shameful . 
  oh yeah , two paragraphs on topic and a very one sided study of polish antisemitism does not constitute slander at all . 
  how convenient that slanderous articles come out just as wjc demands to be given whatever undisclosed treasure would be found in a train found in the mountains . 
  ... from where they took over a part of syria which at the time was destabilized because syrians fought a syrian dictatorship . 
  sooner of later one of the middle eastern dictorships/kingdoms is bound to get destabilized and the same terror goups would pop up wherever the opportunity is . 
  it 's their nature to go durka , we ca n't take blame for it . 
   the second i of isil stands for iraq . 
  does that ring a bell ? 
  and stems from islamist groups that even paredate 9/11 . 
  push your misplaced guilt someplace else . 
  could you please refresh my memory and remind me when was the last time  we invaded syria or somalia ? 
  he needs to balance the sides to stay on top , he does a good job in political terms . 
  arguably a different government arrangement could 've not been as flexible as one able man is . 
  it 's a win-win for them . 
  not only do they transplant their ideologies somewhere new but also it 's the europeans who 'll ultimately pay the price for their eventual war . 
  one should n't wear a hat indoors , that 's rude . 
  the couple 's photo is on top of the article . 
  unicef, 
  a part of it is indeed in germany , there 's another part in czechia as well . 
  i regret nothing . 
  nuclear power plants need cooling as well , what we really really need is a grand redo of our water reserve also a couple nukes would n't hurt, 
  as a leader of my nation : do fuck all and enjoy the free laughs . 
  as a leader of eu : do what tone did . 
  should temporarily ban ac in malls instead, 
  delightfully far right, 
  i 'm with you , unfortunately for now we 're stuck with what we 've got . 
  holocaust is an industry . 
  everyone is taught about it and there are countless movies about it . 
  the camp in oswiecim is a cultural monument of sorts and people go see it the same way they go to the white house . 
  how about calling gypsies gypsies ? 
  i really hope we can get some friendly rivalry going on with germany , it would be quite nice to build an eastern block to countermeasure some of our western neighbours ' bullshit . 
  i kinda expected more from a german tv show than the ` here 's some money now admit a thousand pakiniggers a day ' demagogy . 
  boy am i glad i was wrong , i never tire of these retarded threads . 
   not all forms of communism are the same they are tho . 
  moreover communism is inherently bad . 
  it was created by germans to knock ruskies out of ww1 and then it run amok , like every plague germans release on the world . 
  who 's gross and ugly now ? 
  why do you so desperately want him to go to poland though ? 
  it 's second world allight . 
  poor living conditions , human rights practically non-existent , daily lynchings . 
  please keep out . 
  calm your tits everyone . 
  the whole message is aimed at our financial sector , it 's not a jab at greeks . 
  if the efsm is raising all the money no country is paying directly . 
   i do know of quite a few right wingers who would love to have more parades protesting gay rights . 
  lo and behold - now the right wingers in sweden made gays organize a parade protesting a gay parade, 
  the point is to show the leftists that they encourage two mutually exclusive lifestyles and are afraid to support one in front of the other . 
  there 's leftypol on 8chan , it could be down your alley, 
  far left hijacks yet another ngo ... 
  that is n't actually true , not everyone would have to die in a nuclear war scenario, 
  i tip my morion to you m ` marquis . 
  oh yeah , because making arbitrary exceptions and bending the law is so much better pr wise . 
   the people 's police - the beating heart of the communist party !, 
  golden, 
  they do n't look particularly hungarian . 
   is not for a real country and from a region who keeps changing from country to country . 
  you are not a real country neither is your mother nor is portugal : (, 
  being portugese to the exclusion of being spanish makes no sense at all either, 
  that 's funny because i do n't believe in portugal . 
  portugal i never know nor remember it as a possibility . 
  plus how could there be a southern european country that does n't border the mediterranean ? 
  zdenek pls , circlejerking is the internet equivalent of blowing someone off . 
  you just committed internet homosexualism . 
  there used to be no problems before your kind started coming . 
  there is n't enough money in the world to make that deal happen . 
  italians probably just flip the sides till it 's over . 
  luddites have been saying that for the last two hundred years . 
  it is n't happening . 
  it 's a whole different level of abstraction when pakistani policemen separate polish facists from jewish socialists in london, 
   poland , a country of 38 million , currently houses 175 000 foreigners . 
  that 's hilariously underestimated as last year only we 've issued twice the amount of short-term work permits for ukrainians alone . 
  then again quarrelling over details is pointless anyway . 
  what 's there to counter-argument ? 
  we have little to offer to immigrants . 
  unless they already have compatible education and values they will find themselves alienated , disillusioned and start rioting real soon . 
  we accept shitloads of immigrants . 
  we actually border a country at war . 
  just because our immigrants do n't behead people on the streets does n't make them any less immigrant . 
  where is america when you need them ? 
  how is this news ? 
  we took that for granted to be honest . 
  us is n't multicultural , they enforce their own american culture internally and export it externally proficiently . 
  just let us build a base on gotland and everyone 's safe from russia 's scare tactics forever, 
  i 'd be mad too , that photo is n't anywhere near european it was obviously posted on a wrong subreddit . 
  should n't the title be ` exalted citizen of europe ' ? 
  a ` honorary citizen ~ ~ ' from what i gather would n't be an actual citizen of europe . 
  can a native speaker please shed some light on the matter ? 
  we have never done anything wrong . 
  we also have a moral debt to israel .
