that makes you worse than me . 
  i made a dumb joke to get a chuckle out of the polandball crowd . 
  i did n't whip up a lynch mob over someone else 's . 
  answer . 
  the . 
  damn . 
  question . 
  oh , you mean a thing that has literally nothing to do with our discussion ? 
  because it deals with computers , not people . 
  you made a joke referring to your own ethnicity as superior to all others , as the `` master race '' which is pretty specific to nazi ideology . 
  i made a joke about poles stereotypically being plumbers . 
  then you started to lambast me over it . 
  so , again , ** how are you not a fucking hypocrite ** ? 
  answer the question , quit dodging . 
  well , go on . 
  how are you not a hypocrite right now ? 
  oh really ? 
  so how is that different from my bit on poles ? 
  or are you just a fucking hypocrite ? 
  that 's still * ethnic * cleansing . 
  aww , well i 'm offended by your suggestion that [ finns are the `` master race '' . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lazye/clashes_at_border_with_serbia_as_croatia_says_it/cv4ybxv ) clearly you 're just a dirty , dirty racist against us americans or the other europeans !, 
  it 's almost like you [ made a joke ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u33mjyq.png?1 ) without having any real venom behind it . 
  but clearly you deserve to get brigaded by all the americans because you 're a filthy dirty believer in european superiority over everyone else !, 
  or maybe you 'd care to explain why you 're raking me over the coals right now , when you 've done the same thing ? 
  that 's ethnically slurring , not racial . 
  i mean , if you want to criticize me , be correct -- it was a joke about ethnicity , not race . 
  so at worst , i 'm an ethnicist who ... 
  i guess has a burning hatred of poles for some reason ? 
  despite being a white american guy ? 
  it 's hilarious from my perspective to watch you jump in to defend the honor of the poor defenseless poles who obviously are n't capable of speaking for themselves , then get the terminology completely wrong , then call me a racist because it 's the easiest buzzword to criticize somebody over . 
  i do n't like new yorkers much either , so obviously i 'm a racist against new yorkers !, 
  see how that does n't really work at all ? 
  `` well , i do n't know what i 'm talking about but i do n't like what he 's saying ... better call him a racist and see if it sticks ! '', 
  and then , of course , downvotes will rain in because it 's one of those knuckle-dragging americans arguing with an enlightened european . 
  well , let 's see -- what races are there ? 
  white , black , asian , native american ... what ethnicities are there ? 
  tons . 
  it 's almost like ethnicities and races are two different things , with one being an objective measure and the other being a social construct . 
  but it 's cool , regardless of correct terminology you enlightened europeans are going to downvote me to hell for being an american who does n't kowtow and absolutely agree with everything you say , no matter how incorrect . 
  oh wait , it 's almost like race = / = ethnicity and race is a social construct . 
  or are you saying that poles are nonwhite ? 
  so poles = all white people ? 
  what race is specific to poland ? 
  * yawn * your offended hyperbole is boring . 
  you could at least get your terminology correct if you 're going to be the social justice sheriff . 
  what race are poles , specifically ? 
  oh , you mean ... they 're the same race as the european majority ? 
  -1 / 10 effort . 
  next !, 
  i want to go ahead and point out that the main person who is criticizing me , / u/sampo , did literally the same thing earlier and made a [ joke ] ( https://i.imgur.com/u33mjyq.png ) about ethnic superiority , then saw fit to engage in some massive hypocrisy here . 
  what 's the difference , guys ? 
  hey you !, 
  get back to work !, 
  that toilet ai n't gon na fix itself, 
  clearly you have n't been to an american symposium on history education !, 
  haha , i 'm just kidding ya ' . 
  only a few people got shot at the last one . 
  uhh no , there 's a core group of iranian students i met through our international student office who are n't permanent transplants . 
  they 're all very nice , we 've barbecued together and stuff . 
  i was initially surprised by how * normal * they all are , since i was kinda expecting for them to be more militant . 
  the saudis at my school ( there are a ton because ... texas and oil ) that i met through the international student office are all * incredibly * creepy and disrespectful toward women , very flashy/blingy ( style over substance ) , and are just generally noisy and melodramatic . 
  i do n't care for them much . 
  so would the saudis, 
  the iranians i know were actually far more moderate and reasonable than the saudis, 
  they take drugs , then sit down and feel nothing, 
   i am really starting to feel for the us-americans - no matter what their country does or does not , they are getting the blame if things break . 
  people blame us for letting bad things happen , then get angry if we act unilaterally . 
  we ( central texas , which has a high proportion of german ancestry ) associate germany with sausages , beer , expensive cars , lederhosen , wwii , weird sex stuff , rammstein , expensive firearms , expensive vacations , and high-quality manufacturing . 
  or a great album name, 
  i 'm sorry that your experience with my nation seems to be fairly negative . 
  would that make the mediterranean sea the middle passage ? 
  pretty much every culture is a blend anyway thanks to centuries of trade along various networks around the world ( for example , the silk road or the indian ocean network ) , near as i can tell . 
  it seems to benefit both groups for the most part . 
  unless , as you said , somebody gets invaded or genocided . 
  not our fight . 
  you 're an aussie so of course it 's easy to judge . 
  also , you should be aware that the downvote button is not a disagree button . 
  you feel very strongly about this for not being affected by it . 
  for talking about whiners , this :  eidt rip inbox , how stupid of me to make a moderately humanitarian comment on / r/europe comes across poorly . 
  yeah , people predicted the downfall of society here when mexicans/hispanics started to outnumber other whites and everything 's fine . 
  i mean , i had to eat my mandatory burrito tonight and check in for my government-issued virgen de guadalupe tattoo in my vw bug taxi , and i 'm not allowed to go outside anymore without a mustache , sombrero , and poncho , but other than that everything 's humming along fine . 
  if i 'm good , mi jefe said i might be able to get a churro . 
  in all seriousness , i know that the situations are different -- mexico is more western ( democratic , christian , somewhat functional education system ) and texan culture has always been a blend anyway . 
  i also speak fairly fluent spanish ( it 's essentially mandatory in texas schools now ) but i think that 's a bonus for our society because it teaches you new ways to think and express yourself . 
  but yeah , the massive immigration here has n't led to our cultural downfall and has n't ruined texas . 
  i 'm rather fond of our colorful migrant culture and delicious food anyway . 
  that was a long , mildly hopped-up-on-medicine ( i 'm pretty sick today ) way to say that i tend to be suspicious of people who say that migrants are going to be the end of the world or the downfall of europe . 
  it 's always like this . 
  `` america , why yuo of no fix this ? '', 
  then it becomes `` america , why yuo of act unilaterally ?? '', 
  wait , what ? 
  how is this america 's problem ? 
  we have oceans . 
  if you 're concerned about mexicans , well , i would n't be . 
  they come from a democratic country with relatively similar values ( more religious , more family-oriented than we are in my experience ) and a deep work ethic . 
  texas is already a blend of cultures and i think it makes us more interesting and more colorful . 
   we 'd be best off starting an eu army and dictating what happens on that continent . 
  take it from an american that neocolonialism does n't work . 
  everyone hates you and they blow your personnel up .
