  the salty serbs should be a band name, 
  haha that 's awesome, 
  mhmm , i 've brought firearms on aircraft before ... but they were safely nestled in my checked luggage and properly declared, 
  you can take it from my cold dead hands !, 
  no ammo allowed, 
  this is such a marine thing to do, 
  * muh feelings !, 
  americans do n't have any !, 
  joke 's on you , eurodisarms, 
  kodiak race master race . 
  also , what were you where you learned a bunch of combatives ? 
  is n't that usually like a 2-3 day thing ? 
  yeah , man , how can we be mad at the nation that gave us totino 's pizza rolls ? 
  dude , i do n't even know what reuropean is . 
  i mean , i 'm guessing from the context that it 's a sister sub that 's a bit more ... freewheeling ... but i 've never heard of it before . 
  i 'll bring the refreshments !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5fts7bj-so feels appropriate, 
  that 's pretty fucked up , man . 
  we talk about `` good ol' boys '' here in the us as well, 
  so it sounds like the greeks were making moves where they should n't have been and the turks way overreacted, 
  so i 'm an american and i do n't know much about this . 
  can somebody give me a rundown ? 
  because wikipedia makes it sound like there was escalation on both sides for years that culminated in the turkish invasion . 
  i do n't have a dog in this fight , so i 'm curious why some of you ( and i 'm seeing both turks and europeans arguing in here ) are seeing one side as the `` good guys '', 
  or texan translator ... unfortunately, 
  not bad enough to create pushback, 
  long pig, 
  well , i hear greece has the most dangerous game, 
   it is still a democratic vote they may not punish them directly , but people would remember how they voted . 
  it * probably * would n't come up later ... but it might . 
  and not even subtle propaganda . 
  it just reinforced my perception of russians as the backwater hillbillies of europe . 
  well , you 're certainly going to have an adventure, 
  i gave you a very reluctant upvote for making my soul hurt and making me chuckle at the same time, 
   many of the democrats here have more in common with republicans hmmmmmmmmmm i would n't go * quite * that far . 
  i 'm somewhat involved in the oklahoma democratic party and they 're pretty liberal on most things ... just not on firearms . 
  the texas democratic party appears to be the same way , though i 'm not as involved with them . 
  they also act like all of europe has the nhs . 
  eastern europe is still part of europe . 
  in my experience , it 's only nuts who do the open carry thing . 
  i ( and most of my friends ) have concealed handgun licenses . 
  those are preferable , because they do n't freak people out/make people uncomfortable and they do n't paint you as a target , while you can still defend yourself . 
   introducing guns to a school environment where you 've got edgy teenagers and , as you said , macho dudes who could be pressured into doing something they do n't want to is a pretty terrible idea . 
  concealed handgun licensing is a proven system that works out in the real world . 
  the texas dps [ keeps statistics ] ( https://www.txdps.state.tx.us/rsd/chl/reports/demographics.htm ) on crime by chl holders . 
  if you look at the actual numbers , people with chls are far more law-abiding than the average citizen . 
  you have to be 21 to get a chl , and the classes are usually taught by policemen . 
  we tend to be what i 've heard called `` blue steel '' democrats here . 
  also , it 's only nutty types who do the open carry thing . 
  i have a licensed for concealed carry that i make use of -- which i think is a better system , as it does n't make people as freaked out and uncomfortable , but still gives me the ability to defend myself . 
  carrying in classrooms has worked out in utah . 
  it 's not like this has never been tried before . 
  we are n't as gun-shy as you are . 
  also williamson county is a shithole . 
  go look at what / r/austin has to say about it if you do n't believe me . 
   san francisco but with lots more guns . 
  texas democrats tend to follow the `` blue steel '' model . 
  i 'm fine with that , as i enjoy hunting and shooting . 
  and mimes , swilling wine throughout the day , and quasimodo, 
  i can tell you that our democrats are also a bit different than what people here may be picturing . 
  we have a lot of what i 've heard called `` blue steel '' democrats . 
  oklahoma is the same way . 
  it 's not a bad thing , in my opinion . 
  i like the democrats ' social policies ( i 've been a democrat all my adult life ) , but i like hunting and shooting a lot too . 
  i 've heard that first generation hispanics tend to vote blue ... but second generation tend to vote red . 
  it 's not necessarily a good thing for the texas political landscape in the extreme long-term . 
  they 're going to have to change to survive . 
  will they ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but if they do n't , a more libertarian party is going to pop up to take their place . 
  dallas , austin , houston , and san antonio are like modern major cities anywhere in the world . 
  austin is especially progressive and high-tech . 
  our rural areas tend to lag behind , much like rural areas anywhere . 
  honestly , it frustrates me when people use texas as an example for all things backward . 
  austin , dallas , houston , and san antonio are like major cities anywhere . 
  they 're progressive ( especially austin ) and modern . 
  also , flair up, 
  goldman sachs has their fingers in a lot of pies , do n't they ? 
   at least not without a war declaration . 
  or an extended vacation, 
  euro is love , euro is life ? 
  i moused over the link . 
  is daily stormer part of that stormfront stuff ? 
  i guess so , now that i 'm reading this . 
   burger burger oil you transposed your first burger . 
  is that a regional thing , or is american your second language ? 
  that one in the middle is a hard-faced woman, 
   you want nice sandy beaches in a cheapish country there 's also mexico , though that 's more out of your way . 
  tulum is beautiful . 
  if mexico was more stable , i would n't mind moving there someday . 
  that part is pretty safe , though . 
  * a bald eagle named `` small government '' slowly flies over *, 
  governments tend to be reactive instead of proactive . 
  basically , something * really bad * is going to have to happen first . 
  here in west texas , there 's nothing but blue sky until it meets the curvature of the earth, 
  we do n't much appreciate it when you come in like the `` enlightened europeans '' to bring light to us poor blighted savages . 
   i 'll pretend i 'm american for that reason or you could * not * do that . 
  how would you feel if i constantly pretended to be european and tried to tell you how to run your country ? 
  do n't poke your nose into our stuff . 
  it 's one thing to admit you 're an outsider .
