  you ca n't fix africa , we ca n't fix africa , the eu ca n't fix africa , and the usa ca n't fix africa . 
  maybe all of us working together can make gradual improvements in education and development , but it 's going to be over a long timescale . 
  invasion and occupation of a hostile populace does n't work in a modern battlespace . 
  you 're flaired as an aussie , so you might remember that you and i are n't part of this , we are n't on the ground seeing the effects . 
  we can speak on the subject , but i do n't think we can deny other people 's experiences on the matter . 
  that said , there are some situations where there is n't a good course of action . 
  with syria ... from a nationalist standpoint you ca n't let your nation be overwhelmed by refugees ... but from a humanitarian standpoint you ca n't let people starve or die in refugee camps . 
  from a further humanitarian standpoint , you ca n't put your own people in suffering or let them starve . 
  i guess in the end it 's like most things , there are two sides to the issue and they both have valid points . 
  as long as there were no further grenade accidents ... 
  it happens virtually any time america is brought up . 
  some people do n't like us , and especially given that i 'm a texan , i can understand that there 's resentment there . 
  so , you know , it 's okay . 
  we 've made mistakes as a nation , and we 've done some incredible things . 
  i think we do a lot more good than we do evil . 
  anyway , it does n't bother me too much when people criticize my nation . 
  yeah , we 've fucked up and we 'll fuck up in the future , but we 've also helped a lot of people over the years . 
  yeah , i mean ... it was some basic stuff , like a desire to entrench themselves instead of maneuver and there was an easily preventable grenade accident where nobody was killed . 
  but overall they 're fond of romanians now , especially romanian enthusiasm to learn . 
  i have some army friends who just spend some time training with you guys . 
  they said that your training standards and tactics are abysmal compared with american , but that your personnel were motivated to learn , the girls were very pretty , and everyone was incredibly hospitable, 
  but what good is a benis if you do n't have any blood ? 
  because it 's * so * hard to press your shift key at the beginning of a sentence . 
  not the guy you 're talking about , but it 's annoying to read a post without capitalization . 
  why should i bother to read someone 's post if they wo n't put any effort into it ? 
  at least it was n't an american that said it this time, 
  i wonder how far that status would have actually extended, 
   white people/europeans specifically are the most evil race on earth , treacherous and not to be trusted . 
  nah dude , we can trust each other . 
  it 's just that nobody else can . 
  albion do n't give a * fuck *, 
  ... what exactly does the shah of iran have to do with wwi ? 
  it would turn into another iraq, 
  they 're also at fort bliss in texas, 
  hmm that 's a different ballgame . 
  i guess it 's just a show of solidarity or force , then . 
  i mean , it 's good that we 're giving them to somebody who can use them . 
  they 're just getting too old to survive a modern battlespace against china or somebody, 
  depends on the texan . 
  austin is very bike-friendly , but i like austin 's hippie-cowboy environmentalism better than the conservatism of more rural areas . 
  we still have our local gun stores , but we also have vegan markets . 
  i lived in a small town in oklahoma for a while that had four rezs in and around it, 
  you 're from shawnee ? 
  oklahoma , south dakota , new mexico , or none of the above ? 
  it was a joke about ukraine . 
  if i was from eastern europe , i 'd be feeling apprehensive about now . 
  rice milk or flour , cinnamon , whole milk , a little cream , brown sugar ... rum , if you 're in the mood, 
  key part : if you ask them army has better logistics and support . 
  i 've heard 0311s compare themselves with rangers , which gets an eye roll . 
  i think marines are probably better than army infantry while bullets are actually flying , but they seem a little * too * trigger happy . 
  army infantry is probably better at dealing with friendly civilians and readjusting to civilian life . 
  and of course everything with task force violent . 
   haas said he and his staff gave galvin and his leadership team a detailed briefing explaining the missions they 'd be assigned while in afghanistan . 
  in order of priority they were : reconnaissance , counterinsurgency and foreign internal defense ( i.e. 
  training afghan security forces ) , and direct-action special-reconnaissance operations -- that is , the pursuit of high-value enemy operatives . 
  through his spokesman , haas said they were together at bagram about one week . 
  galvin says the cjsotf staff made clear that his marines were to conduct `` aggressive combat operations . '', 
  marine officers have a tendency to focus on the fighting in front of them instead of how to win a war on every front . 
  it 's just a difference in philosophy , as well as having most of their support taken on by the navy instead of in a combined service . 
  they fare better in quick strikes and as shock infantry than as occupying forces . 
  they 're shock infantry https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/shock_troops now , i 'm going to wade in here and give you some `` evidence '' based on personal experience . 
  i have friends in each service , and each service has a different culture . 
  different moss also have a different culture . 
  my experience with marine 0311s was that they tend to be total jackasses who concentrated the worst aspects of army 11bs . 
  the marines are more like a fucking cult than a service . 
  some of their moss ( or whatever they call them ) are more chill than others -- for example , most artillerymen seem okay -- but marine infantrymen do n't seem to adjust as well to civilian life as army infantrymen . 
  i 'll even give you a specific example : some ex-0311 asshat used to show up at house parties in lubbock open-carrying a full-size smith and wesson 9mm , then get wasted until he could n't walk straight and claim that his gun was to `` help with his ptsd '' ... which was interesting when he did n't wear it in other situations ( just when he felt his masculinity threatened or he wanted to impress people ) . 
  none of his other ex-0311 buddies called him out on it , and it left me with a terrible impression of the personal professionalism of marine infantrymen as a whole . 
  my friends who are former 11bs with multiple deployments do n't feel the need to turn everything into a giant dick-measuring contest involving loaded firearms and alcohol . 
  now , that said , i think two reasons former marines have a harder time readjusting to civilian life are training and indoctrination . 
  marine infantry are indoctrinated into a culture of war . 
  they live to kill . 
  and when the shooting is over and there is n't a senior enlisted to tell you what to do , they seem a little lost . 
  not to say that the army does much better as far as reintegrating people into civilian life , but the army seems to view itself much more as `` regular guys '' . 
  marines are * very * good at being shock infantry , but their logistic support , equipment quality , and other factors seem to let them down in the long run . 
  the army is such a huge machine that it can essentially support itself . 
  so basically , on an isolated battlefield without taking into account support or later reintegration into civilian life , i 'd consider marine infantry to be a step above national guard infantry and army infantry * in certain areas * , but i 'd consider them below rangers . 
  marines also have a bad rep for shooting up civilians -- look up task force violent , the marine attempt to create effective special forces . 
  these things are hard to quantify , though , because so many other factors play in . 
  marines are n't an `` elite '' unit in the sense that army rangers , special forces , [ `` delta force '' ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/delta_force ) , or navy seals are . 
  but they 're good at what they do when they 're in a combat situation . 
  they tend to suffer outside of combat . 
  yep . 
  as bad as it sounds , be valuable or be strong . 
  or , perhaps i should say valuable with strong allies . 
  we can get `` horchata '' here in the us , made of recipes typically imported from mexico . 
  i did n't realize it came from valencia originally, 
  clam slam ? 
  are your russian minority feeling ... oppressed , by any chance ? 
  i 'm guessing he 's referring to us army paratroopers , us army rangers , us marines , or their rough equivalent in foreign countries . 
  none of those are special forces ( which is a term specific to the [ us army special forces ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_forces_ ( united_states_army ) who are otherwise colloquially known as `` green berets '' though they do n't typically call themselves that ) and also broadly applies to navy seals and a few other groups . 
  these guys are tough , but they are n't movie tough . 
  they 're still mortal . 
  of course , [ line ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/line_ ( combat_system \\ ) ) and [ mcmap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marine_corps_martial_arts_program ) are reportedly pretty effective , depending on your level of training in them . 
  most soldiers have very basic levels of training in combatives . 
  is it really hard to stick a gun on it ? 
  i mean , really ? 
  with the turret ring still in place and ready . 
  plus the rumor is that we 're sending arms to the poles , who are then arming the ukrainians with old combloc hardware . 
  america , part of nato , is definitely arming ukrainians,
