  our states are as large or larger than european nations . 
  for example , i 've been told that texas is larger than france , and france is not a small nation !, 
  just driving to a neighboring state for us is like driving to another nation for you . 
  * other stereotypes : dunno . 
  these were just the ones off the top of my head . 
  what ? 
  i 'm american , and the general narrative is that poland was kinda strongarmed into joining the soviets, 
  that 's what i said about thrill killing , heroin , and my raging gummy bear addiction, 
  but they did n't say they were mad because of the job he was doing , they just said that they resent having * an american * mod . 
  not a bad mod . 
  what 's wrong with americans ? 
  i 'm not catholic , so ... okay ? 
  the art of war !, 
  checkmate , europeans !, 
  yeah , in the old testament . 
  key word : old . 
  as in , not the one that primarily defines christian thought . 
  europeans would n't be able to afford all their nice `` quality of life '' projects without the united states implicitly backing you militarily . 
  our people suffer from lack of healthcare and unsteady retirement because we divert spending to military purposes , while you live comfortably . 
  e : post unpopular opinion in unpopular opinion thread . 
  get downvoted . 
  cute , europe . 
  guess i should have posted about serbia 's flag and pineapples . 
  you know what everyone else is doing . 
  it 's more like a circlejerk opinions thread at the top . 
  and that probably has more to do with the `` good ol' boy '' system and `` thin blue line '' here . 
  because there are a couple of kinds of drug use in my experience -- recreational and escapist . 
  recreational drug use is pretty simple , just smoking some weed every so often , cracking a beer ... it is n't a necessity for you , just something you enjoy . 
  escapist drug use is what i 'd consider to be the most harmful one . 
  it 's when you 're using drugs ( and i include alcohol as a drug ) to cover over personal problems or to escape issues in your life . 
  you are n't using drugs for the pleasurable aspects as much as you are to escape something shitty . 
  and that 's where i think it gets dangerous . 
  except that we already criticize * ourselves * for iraq . 
  it 's an incredibly unpopular war . 
  haha well ... 
  i feel like we 're moving into the cold war electric boogaloo . 
  you 're a delightful place to visit . 
  beautiful country, 
  you 're actually well-regarded and liked by informed americans as a key regional ally going back to the cold war . 
  although those american military personnel getting attacked fairly recently did n't help . 
  uh we have a lot of spanish in american ( especially texan ) english . 
  i like it ; it adds color, 
  i thought the bandidos had a german chapter ? 
  we have plenty of non-criminal motorcycle groups ... there 's a reason that the whole 1 % er thing started . 
  baca is a good example of a non-criminal group . 
  yeah , i am now !, 
  i was n't at the time , though . 
  i can tell you firsthand that that 's true . 
  that 's why i was saying spanish is very useful for english speakers . 
  it 's easier to pick up and widely spoken . 
   an ak and by ak , you clearly mean ar-15 / m16/m4 series weapon , right ? 
  i 'm thinking french might have a larger `` learning curve '' than spanish . 
  as i said above , i 've had the opportunity to study russian , italian , turkish , and spanish . 
  of the four , spanish was by far the easiest one to pick up and it 's the only one i can confidently speak now , though i 'm still fairly rusty . 
  true , except there 's * spanish * . 
  easy to learn , widely spoken , relatively little variation . 
  it 's just a wonderful language . 
  i 've studied turkish , russian , italian , and spanish ... spanish is the only one i can remember well ( i get to practice it occasionally ) and it was * by far * the easiest to pick up . 
  how about texan ? 
  wall butter mah butt 'n' call me uh biscuit !, 
  whut 'n tarnation 're ya ' doin ' har ? 
  how 's thuh weather up ' t yore place ? 
  y' know , over yonder ? 
  hey !, 
  nice to see you outside of polandball, 
  we are n't the devil , you know . 
  the soviets were way more rape-y iirc . 
  that does n't detract from how bad the nazis were , but it just means that they were * both * bad . 
  happy easter to you too , brother in christ !, 
  it 's okay , if you go crazy we 'll come spank you again  , 
  for extra paranoia , we should start moving rotary aviation assets to germany . 
  so when do i get my apology from you ? 
  i want to hear `` kodi , i 'm sorry , i was wrong . 
  i really did n't know what i was talking about , and i do n't know as much about america as i think i do . '', 
  http://imgur.com/toxpe2s http://imgur.com/4wsyqel  the researchers said there was no reason for long pointed knives to be publicly available at all . 
   they consulted 10 top chefs from around the uk , and found such knives have little practical value in the kitchen . 
   the use of knives is particularly worrying amongst adolescents , say the researchers , reporting that 24 % of 16-year-olds have been shown to carry weapons , primarily knives . 
   `` we suggest that banning the sale of long pointed knives is a sensible and practical measure that would have this effect . 
   home office spokesperson said there were already extensive restrictions in place to control the sale and possession of knives . 
   `` the manufacture , sale and importation of 17 bladed , pointed and other offensive weapons have been banned , in addition to flick knives and gravity knives . '', 
   a spokesperson for the association of chief police officers said : `` acpo supports any move to reduce the number of knife related incidents , however , it is important to consider the practicalities of enforcing such changes . '', 
  i wo n't bother commenting on the apparent state of british cooking . 
  25 % of your teens are carrying stabbing knives ? 
  oh wait , america are the only ones with a violence problem because we have scary , scary guns !, 
  the fact is , your government took this university-funded research seriously enough to comment on it , and point out that you already have huge restrictions on knives . 
  it 's the slow bolt that kills ? 
  funny , i guess i just imagined this google search i just did : http://imgur.com/io3dinl so maybe do n't fucking correct me when you do n't know what you 're talking about , k ? 
  you do n't trust each other enough to let yourselves have guns . 
  it 's not a big deal around here . 
  but fuck , i remember talk of banning * kitchen knives * in the uk . 
  i thought that had to be a joke at first , but no , there are some of you europeans that are so paranoid that you 'd be okay with banning kitchen knives . 
  like ... the knives that you fucking * cook * with . 
  but wo n't somebody * think of the children ??? 
  haha awesome !, 
  i 'm with you . 
  as i told somebody else , i 've lived in oklahoma and texas my entire life . 
  there are things i love about us -- we 're extremely hardworking , we place a huge value on individual freedoms and rights , we are n't afraid of guns or gun owners ( we trust our own people ) , and we tend to be warm and open people . 
  folks here are just easy to strike up a conversation with , laid back , and pretty easygoing . 
  i also love how we pull together after disasters like the oklahoma city bombing or the moore tornados . 
  that said , i hate our ultra-conservatism ( to the point that it gets in the way of education ) , our failure to care for the basic needs of the poorest americans , our growing gap between rich and poor , and the rejection of education and intellectualism ( some people here are proud to be ignorant ) that i see on a daily basis .
