romanian and serbian relationship can be summed up as neighbors which never went to war , which like each other but know absolutely nothing about each other except some things you hear every now and then . 
  but no , seriously , we like romania but we hardly know anything about your country , and i think it 's the same for you guys too . 
  wtf ? 
  we cheer for croatia in the world cup , and they stab us in the back during tennis ? 
  i know what you mean , and i think that many people overrestimate what the average citizen is like . 
  think of brexit and britain leaving the eu - a lot of that is thanks to the propaganda being printed in the newspapers which is n't even close to holding any truth , yet people eat it up and then cast their votes . 
  i think it 's the same thing with serbian youth . 
  serbian boy of sixteen knows nothing about eu or russia except what he reads in newspapers or hears on the news ( and the newspapers here are awful ) , so when you ask him about a serious thing such as thing , he 'll just share the thing he heard without wanting to discover more about it . 
  no one really considers turkey an enemy here . 
  why the hate for greece ? 
   if we meet in person and you tell me you want the union of which i 'm a citizen of , and you are not , to be dissolved - we will not get along well . 
  sure , all right , i can see why we 'd not get along well at first , but why should n't that be another opportunity for conversation between us ; for an example , you could try and change my mind from wanting a union dissolved , considering it 's very important to you , and along you 'd learn why i 'd call for something as serious as that . 
  it would provide another perspective to the skepticism against an organisation which is important to you . 
  it 's not really , considering you are neighbours to eu from all sides . 
  there is europe as a continent , and then there is eu as an organisation which engulfs most of the continent and surrounds your country . 
  it 's an organisation which the country is joining , so we should be allowed to share our opinion , even if it is negative . 
  it 's not that shocking , really . 
  i think you overestimate how much attention people give to world politics ... 
  i think you are right on a couple of points , especially on him being a business man , but i ca n't comment on anything else as i do n't follow american politics ... however , and this is something i 've noticed only recently , is how you can feel - if that makes sense - from reading trump 's words online , such as his ama , as if there 's a certain dishonesty , perhaps not even dishonesty itself , but more as if there 's a certain demagoguery behind the words he writes . 
  when i listen to him speak or read the words he writes , i 'm under the impression that he only says and writes things which he knows people wish to hear , without meaning any of them . 
  i do n't think this is exclusive to trump , it 's a part of every politician , but i think the good ones at least make you believe in the things they tell you , whereas trump makes me wonder how anyone can . 
  i 'm surprised how many people do n't seem to realise this . 
  no country does anything out of friendly intentions , it only does it because of interests and mutual benefits . 
  yes , i believe you are right . 
  we are pretty similar when it comes to certain things like cuisine . 
  only thing which is left to do ... is remove oneself . 
   what does n't make sense is saying that the russian model is preferred for the society while admitting that both human rights and the economy are worse in russia than in the eu . 
  if these two things are worse , than what is better ? 
  i have no idea , it could have nothing to do with politics or countries as a whole , but more to the cultures being similar . 
   austria hungary did n't want the war , and scrambled after the declaration if austria-hungary did n't want the war , then they could have not declared it , considering serbia denied one and not ten . 
  there 's an important difference . 
   but still prefer the russian model of society and not the eu one . 
  that 's because your average serb knows nothing about the russian model of society , or the state of living in russia . 
  do you know what your average serbian knows about russia ? 
  `` they came to our help in ww1 , and they oppose nato which bombed us . '', 
  - that 's it . 
  if eu does nothing to paint a different image ( and it does absolutely nothing in serbia for this ) then nothing will really ever change . 
  but that 's not true at all . 
  your anology was based on the fact of serbia knowing something large such as ww1 would break out , which it could n't have possibly known . 
  you also make it sound like serbia denied all requests , whereas it only denied one . 
   war will start anyway , so it doesnt matter who starts it . 
  war will start anyway , and it was just a matter of circumstances when and where it would start . 
  it just happened to be serbia pulling the trigger . 
  you are comparing the death of an individual who did n't have a chance to be nurtured and grown , to the countries of an entire continent which were at each other 's throats because it fits your views . 
  the child you just murdered in your anology had a chance to live , and avoid dying . 
  it dies at your hands , because you chose for the child to die . 
  your reasoning for this is , `` the child will die anyway , so why do n't i just kill it at birth ? '', 
  - which is flawed , because you ca n't compare the natural state of someone 's existence ( dying at old age ) to serbia `` starting ww1 '' , because serbia did n't want for ww1 to start , compared to the individual who murders with intent . 
   thus crimes commited against germans shouldnt be reason for a grudge . 
  i have n't written that at all , i merely wrote that crimes germans committed and crimes serbs committed are n't the same . 
  crimes done against germans should be acknowledged . 
  you also are n't thinking of the large difference between ww2 and the war in 90s - time . 
  it 's been much longer since the second world war ended , and after the yugoslav wars ended . 
  i am pretty sure that germans themselves in 50s were n't all honey and milk . 
  it 's easy to be a big patriot when you are living in perfect conditions , and when at the end of the day , it will be someone else dying in the possible war in your place . 
  what helps also is that a lot of them have moved out in the nineties , so they probably still hold the same war mentality from that period . 
  how do you compare political tensions between countries based on their own personal interests , to murdering your own child at birth ? 
  what does any of that have to do anything with what i 've just written ? 
  crimes germany did in ww2 ca n't be compared to crimes serbs did in 90s . 
  you might claim that every death is equal , but there 's a difference between srebrenica and the holocaust . 
   after all there are many serbs living and working in germany , austria , italy , netherlands so i expected more pro eu % in that question . 
  actually , serbs living abroad are pretty much famous for wanting their ex-countrymen to continue living in awful conditions . 
  they are usually some of the most nationalistic , warmongering lot out there , through talking down on the west and eu as a whole , while working there and enjoying the money and benefits they receive . 
  they come to serbia every now and then for vacation and to see their family , and in their free time they write comments on the internet how people should reclaim kosovo and join russia . 
  so kingdom of serbia should have pretty much bent over to ah according to your logic , right after we 've been pretty much enslaved and violated by ottomans for centuries ? 
  you do know that serbs suffered more than any other country in the world in ww1 , right ? 
  even if we were to blame for the entire first world war , we have paid the price by losing 27 % of our population . 
   someone burning serb flag in some autumn forest islamists burning serbian flag in bosnia , but great choice of words at trying to conceal your country of origin . 
   world war one was started by serbs . 
  which led to milions of deaths . 
  serbia pretty much fulfilled every single thing ah demanded in the ultimatum , except one - but if you even studied history slightly , you 'd know that the first world war did n't start because of serbs alone , but because things were heated already and were just waiting to escalate . 
   ww1 led to ww2 so now you are blaming serbia for starting ww2 as well ? 
  your serbophobia is quite rampant and obvious , but at least you could have used a proper flair which would explain it . 
  thanks , let me just tell seven million people that we should get over it , i did n't know it was that simple and easy . 
  it 's not an `` eastern orthodox anti-nato mentality '' but anti-nato mentality because of history , religion has nothing to do with it . 
  if you asked your average serbian youth or even your average serbian citizen what he knows about european union , he 'd know almost nothing , and nothing is being done to educate people about it . 
   which do you think would get chosen ? 
  albania . 
  i thought catalan was mutually intelligible with spanish , something like serbian and croatian . 
  is it vastly different from spanish ? 
  i always heard about catalonia wanting to separate from spain , but i never understood why . 
  is it because the people living in catalonia are n't satisfied with the behavior of the spanish government , or is it because they feel too culturally different from the rest of spain ? 
  is it both , or something else entirely ? 
  i do n't believe that catalonia as an independent state would be immediately included in the eu ; scotland for example , would have to go through the entire process in case of leaving the uk - or is this something they are still deciding on ? 
  in any case , i do n't see catalonia ever joining the eu as long as spain keeps on vetoing them , unless they come to an agreement where madrid government allows the succession . 
  what a joke !, 
  i know they are much better than here , but i think i 'd prefer to live in europe ... and well , i heard that already american developers are angry at their companies recruiting people from abroad to work for less . 
  that 's good to know , thanks for telling me and if you do n't mind me asking , how difficult it is - that is , how often do companies recruit people from non-eu countries such as serbia , or do they recruit exclusively from other eu states ? 
  is it equally easy ( or difficult ) to immigrate to poland if you 're a web developer , or is it just exclusive to software development ? 
  does n't matter , you are irish and can enjoy a face full of red beard . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  wtf ? 
  you use an with a vowel unless it sounds better without it . 
  a european sounds easier and more natural than an european . 
  a hotel sounds better than an hotel . 
  pronounce it outloud and it 'll make more sense . 
  yes , and now the war broke out , ukraine and russian friendly ties are completely severed , so how does that change the fact that ukraine is still one of the most corrupt countries in europe , or makes / u/a _ nest_of_nope 's post any less true ? 
  when it comes to bashing russia , do n't expect a lot of logic or well constructed sentences . 
  people enjoy repeating each other for the sake of karma and appearing smart , while ignoring the other important facts , such as the one which you mentioned in your then downvoted post . 
  ukraine is one of the most corrupt countries in europe , and that is n't any less true because of what russia is doing over there .
