bild nothing to see here , move along . 
  that 's the thing - i would n't call that mass immigration - we 've had roughly the same amount of foreign born population since the end of wwii . 
  as for the short amount of time , that applies only for two recent events - the yugoslavian war and the current war in syria . 
  but after the war in yugoslavia , a large portion of the refugees from there were sent back or they moved back on their own . 
  and the same will happen now . 
  the integration you are talking about is easily achievable but it 's not related to government or social service but society itself . 
  and here is another fine example - my boss . 
  one of the kindest and nicest people i 've ever met and by far the smartest . 
  he comes from one of the many countries east of the berlin wall . 
  he studied in the uk however . 
  `` i 'd rather die then set foot in the uk ever again '' is word for word what he said . 
  he said that in the presence of several englishmen so he obviously does n't have a problem with saying what people are n't comfortable with . 
  as to why he decided to start his company in germany , his answer was `` big country with many opportunities and here i feel at home '' . 
  he does n't come here too often and yet those words prove everything i 've been saying . 
   '' oh , well you 're bosnian , or chinese , or nigerian ... you should be proud of your ancestral cultures and carry them on here in germany , or france '' we should be saying '' you live in germany now . 
  if you wish to be german then you must forgo these traditions in place of the native cultures '' . 
  and this is exactly what is happening here . 
  that does n't mean that if they have a holiday they ca n't celebrate it however - we live in a free country . 
  if they want to import food - sure , go ahead , i 'll be the first to try it . 
  integration is easily achievable but it does n't happen with social exclusion along with `` do what we tell you or else '' . 
  and my point from the very beginning is that it 's a question of prospective and execution . 
  as i said in my previous comment , in many countries ( not ireland from what i 've seen for example ) foreigners are treated like second class citizens . 
  and there is a large division between natives and foreigners . 
  which is what creates a problem in the first place . 
  if you are a child and you are raised with the thought that you are a second class citizen , while you are being thought the same things in school and are graded the same way everybody else is , what do you think your reaction would be ? 
  surely the first man who comes across you will be able manipulate you . 
  those who are left to rot are the once who are manipulated the most . 
  we 've seen that many times recently , have n't we ? 
  i had a classmate in school from bosnia - he knew no german when he came to school , no english and sat in the back all day long , studying as hard as he could , barely ever asked for help or support . 
  and the outcome was the opposite of what all the idiots like farage are perpetuating . 
  2 years later , just as we turned 10 , he barely even remembered his native language . 
  i met him not too long ago and i asked him . 
  bosnian does n't even sound familiar to him anymore . 
  he speaks with his parents in german . 
  the big difference is that people like me experienced what being different means and instead of pushing him away we treated him as one of our own . 
  is he german now ? 
  pretty much . 
  will his children be german - absolutely . 
  100 years down the line - even more so unless there is a colossal cataclysm . 
  this argument alone proves that , for all i 'm concerned , different cultures can coexist and mix . 
  my culture has n't gone down in size or relevance and it wo n't . 
  national identity - check . 
  sovereignty - also check . 
  that 's the thing - i do n't feel pride nor guilt because i have nothing to do with accomplishments or atrocities . 
  i was born in east berlin . 
  i was a child when the wall collapsed and though i did n't understand any of that , the wall still casts a shadow to the east and the difference is still visible , despite all the effort . 
  berlin , being the heart of it all , is the place where this is most visible . 
  i hate the term multiculturalism . 
  it 's completely artificial and has little to do with the real world . 
  not because cultures can not coexist but rather the execution is what plays a role . 
  bare with me , i 'll get to that in a second . 
  germany has a huge number of foreign born citizens . 
  if you stack the numbers , it 's easy to assume that this is likely the end of the world . 
  but in real life , that 's not the case at all . 
  how is the persian restaurant down the street destroying my culture ? 
  or the bulgarian shop on the back of my building ? 
  they are n't . 
  if anything , i 'm an occasional customer of both of them . 
  and my point remains - they have n't made my life worse and they have n't made me any less of what germany is . 
  for all i care the people working there speak german just as well as i do , they pay taxes and evidently play their role in society . 
  i do n't see them as aliens that should be either set home or be socially excluded , the way some countries are actively doing . 
  no , in my mind they are a part of my community and i firmly stand behind them . 
  can i be german and european simultaneously ? 
  obviously yes . 
   well there you go . 
  that 's why you disagree with my point of view . 
  because you believe being proud of your countries contributions or it 's advances means you must feel guilty over it 's atrocities . 
   i understand that point . 
  but being proud of your ancestors accomplishments and contributions does not mean one must feel guilt over their crimes , but instead are aware of them . 
  perhaps it was a poor choice of words on my part . 
  you can be aware of your ancestors and fellow countryman 's accomplishments , and this can be a source of pride . 
  can we agree to this ? 
  no , absolutely not . 
  this is hypocrisy at it 's finest . 
  `` proud when it suits me , irrelevant when it does n't '' . 
  that 's what you are implying . 
  if i 'm proud of one , i should be guilty as well because i 'm equally related to either side . 
  realistically it 's neither . 
  i have 0 contribution to goethe 's work or the theory of relativity . 
  why would i be proud of something i am completely unrelated to ? 
  i had 0 contribution to either one . 
  starting with the simple fact that me and all my living relatives were not even born at the time . 
   this is getting away from the original point . 
  i agree to this as truth , but i believe we could achieve the same economic prosperity while keeping strong national identities . 
  this is seen as a paradox by some , and it goes back to the end of ww2 and the nazi 's ideas on national identity and culture . 
  and it 's an untruth . 
  and what is stopping you from having your identity . 
  last time i checked , nothing has changed . 
  socially the only thing that 's changed in germany in the past 20 years is atheism taking over . 
  but we still have our christmas markets , we still drink beer freely whenever and wherever we want and no one has even bothered to question those . 
  you 're not implying that i am a racist are you ? 
  i hope not , because yours was the finest argument i 've heard yet . 
  i 'd hate for it to be spoiled by infantile name-calling . 
   i have no problem with foreign people . 
  being aware of the implications multiculturalism will have on the native culture is in now way racism , nor should it be conflated with such . 
  not at all . 
  it 's has been the only argument i 've gotten so far though - `` send them back '' with not a single piece of rational thought or even space to have a counter argument . 
  and of course , if you do have a counter argument you are a marxist and bla bla bla ( which i 'm probably the least ) . 
  and here i am , grew up in the heart of berlin , a city full of people from iceland to japan and in my 30 years i 'm yet to see how this has been a problem . 
  if anything i see berlin as the most healthy community of all germany .
