  what 's canada near though ? 
  burgerland and that 's it . 
  no access to the bbc in ireland ? 
  i thought you all had the beeb ove there too . 
   i harbour a deep loathing of foreigners and i think poor people have only themselves to blame . 
  jesus christ we 're not americans . 
  would still rather new zealand if i was choosing another anglo country to live in , but always nice to have a backup . 
  100 % , i do study history but that was piss . 
  nope . 
  people from malta , cyprus , ireland and the commonwealth can vote if they 're resident here . 
  no citizenship necessary . 
  most of our muslims are from the subcontinent , not mena . 
  de joans , joseps i ases , n'hi ha per totes les cases . 
  ca n't leave out the pronom feble as it does n't make sense otherwise #catanyol, 
  maria not mar\u00eda and mart\u00ed not marti ( for catalonia ) . 
  if you 're going to use accents use them properly . 
  i do n't it does much at all to the situation , no one knows who he is , much less care what he thinks . 
  most people will listen to the scare stories and idiots like farage will be given a platform to bang on about immigration , making leave look like the choice of xenophobes and racists . 
  we 'll end up voting stay 60-40 . 
  no one knows who he is , let alone pays attention to him . 
  this will have an absolutely negligible effect . 
  it 's called the king 's cup and the anthem plays , how is it not political ? 
  shock as constitution written by francoists includes franco 's obsession with ` la ` unidad de la patria ' . 
  a few years ago the two main parties joined to change the constitution in less than 48 hours . 
  the constitution can be changed very easily , the issue is they have no intention of ever recognising catalonia as a nation , and certainly never do anything silly like giving it a democratic vote on its future . 
  my lads eh ? 
  i have more irish ancestry than english actually , and less than a century ago i had native speakers of irish in my family . 
  i have the utmost respect for the irish language and hope it survives , i was merely saying that the fact that catalan - far more spoken than irish , with over 4 million native speakers , and millions more who speak it as a second language - is not official , whereas irish , a far less used language , is , makes no sense . 
  i 'm not saying irish ( a language my ancestors were speaking less than a century ago in west cork , and for which i have the utmost respect ) is a joke , i 'm saying it 's a joke that a little used language - and again i stress , i think it 's a terrible shame that it 's so little used , i deplore the destruction of languages like welsh and irish by linguistic colonialism - and a language still native to over 4 million and spoken by 7/8 million is not official . 
  please do n't mistake my opinion of irish , my mcsweeney ancestors were still speaking it just a few generations ago . 
  i 'm not saying irish ( a language my ancestors were speaking less than a century ago in west cork , and for which i have the utmost respect ) is a joke , i 'm saying it 's a joke that a little used language - and again i stress , i think it 's a terrible shame that it 's so little used , i deplore the destruction of languages like welsh and irish by linguistic colonialism - and a language still native to over 4 million and spoken by 7/8 million is not official . 
  please do n't mistake my opinion of irish , my mcsweeney ancestors were still speaking it just a few generations ago . 
  that irish is an official language and catalan is n't is an absolute joke . 
  it 's a joke that it 's not official anyway , but that just highlights it . 
  we certainly do n't , do n't think they do in spain either . 
  6 foot 4 felt average ? 
  find that very hard to believe . 
  or that . 
  think you 'll find the vast majority of young muslim women wear headscarves though , and veils are getting increasingly common . 
  bit far there . 
  here in manchester i see girls who look as young as six wearing hijabs . 
  when you 've been indoctrinated so severely , and forced to wear it from a young age , you come to accept it . 
  it does n't mean they 're as hateful as the bnp . 
  religious conservatism is a plague and it 's dangerous , but let 's not go overboard in our branding of muslim women , hijab wearers are not as objectionable as the far right . 
  for a long term it was believed ( iirc i even read it in beevor 's book on the spanish civil war ) that the anarchists , who secured ronda after the military uprising in 1936 , threw people [ over the cliff in ronda ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/puente-y-barranco-ronda-mlaga-espaa-de-ronda-42314965.jpg ) . 
  fortunately it 's not true , although not that fortunately for the as many as 600 right wingers shot in the cemetery . 
  over half of the town 's population fled to m\u00e1laga in the face of the arrival of rebel troops , and those that stayed were subject to bloody reprisals . 
  source : the spanish holocaust by paul preston ( i highly recommend it ), 
   for no reason yeah , not like you said  who is talking about kicking anyone out ? 
  we are not like you guys if you 're going to be a * gilipollas * , do n't try and get on your high horse when someone replies like for like . 
  how are you supposed to know who 's got the better answers if you 're so ignorant ? 
  you 're just saying things , making bold assertions which have no basis in reality . 
  our membership of the eu is no more complicated than most political debates , and the electorate is just as badly qualified to answer whether we should leave as any political debate . 
  sorry , i think you 'll find our government is committed to guaranteeing the rights of eu citizens living here , who are we ` kicking out ' exactly ? 
  and no , you 're not , as you have little appreciable democratic culture , do n't recognise minority nations and are incredibly corrupt . 
  love you though xx, 
  that 's what works . 
  who would actually listen if she launched into a specific , two hour analysis of why they consider this the best course of action and what specific aims they have ? 
  people are barely interested in politics as it is , let alone actual policies . 
  do find it a bit funny that someone who supposedly wanted us to stay has gobbled up all the rhetoric about being independent and whatnot . 
  sort out squabbling within the party . 
  this was n't a foregone conclusion . 
  elections , where you decide which party has the best policies on the economy , health , defence and various other policy areas which are as complicated and nuanced , and about which we are just as ignorant and misinformed , are fantastic , is much more important and difficult to be informed about than a referendum on the eu . 
  it 's an absurd argument and it really beggars belief that it 's taken off so much . 
   labour supporters voted leave this is just a lie , 2/3 of labour voters voted to stay , and in the party membership , not to mention the mps , the result was even more overwhelmingly in favour of remaining . 
  but anyway , do n't let me get in the way of the bullshit media narratives you lap up . 
  except there are n't 700,000 brits living in spain . 
  estos son los datos de los a\u00f1os anteriores : what , are you going to kick them out ? 
  spain is a basket case , you need all the money you can get . 
  london 's turnout was slightly over 2 % down on the national average . 
  if they 'd been at the average , that 's only another 100k votes , and leave won by 1.1 million . 
  the weather had a small effect on turnout , and an even smaller one on the victory . 
  clutching at straws . 
  london 's turnout was a little over 2 % down on the national average . 
  if it had been at the national average and every single new voter was a remain voter ( obviously would n't be the case ) , that would have given them 100k more votes . 
  they lost by 1.1 million votes . 
  stop spouting ill informed nonsense , the weather did not give leave a win . 
  this is nonsense , rain in london did n't cost remain 1.1 million votes . 
  delusional . 
  shit , lada still exists ? 
  first car i remember having was a lada , proper old banger . 
  i remember that , covered in snow for a good week or two . 
  first time i 'd ever seen it last more than a few days . 
  yeah i remember snow on the ground one day in 2012-13 and apart from a flurry last year , which melted after an hour or two , i 've not seen a thing . 
  boo global warming we want our yearly snow back . 
  how will children know the beauty of a day off because of snow ? 
  i 've only seen snow once or twice in the last five winters . 
  i disagree actually . 
  firstly , even if they were certain to win , they would never allow it because once they allow one , that means you can have another one . 
  but most importantly i think their mentality makes it impossible to even contemplate it . 
  [ 80 % of spaniards are against even reforming the constituion to give catalonia more power ] ( http://www.elnacional.cat/ca/politica/reforma-constitucio-espanya_124434_102.html ) , let alone a referendum on independence . 
  spain is strongly nationalist and they simply do n't recognise catalonia as an equal , it is seen as a region and nothing more . 
  * eso es diferente , esto es espa\u00f1a , hay que hablar espa\u00f1ol , que es la lengua de todos * ( genuine if somewhat paraphrased convo i had with a bloke from monz\u00f3n in aragon ) . 
  worst health system in the developed world . 
  with an eternal tory government we get closer to you every year . 
  ` the us spends vastly more than any other rich nation on health care - both as a share of the overall economy and on a per-person basis - even though we are the only affluent democracy that does n't guarantee insurance to all its citizens . 
  ` yet the us has fewer doctors , hospital beds and nurses per person than the norm among rich nations , and americans ( while less healthy overall ) visit doctors and hospitals less often and have shorter hospital stays ... recent analyses of ... deaths that could have been prevented with timely care find that that the united states has the highest rate of preventable death before age seventy-five among rich nations , and that it is falling further and further behind . ', 
  winner-take-all politics by jacob s. hacker and paul pierson, 
   this whole time i 've been critisizing the catalan left wing for its shift towards a nationalist stance while relegating the actual fight against inequality and capitalism to a second level . 
  this is where i do n't understand .
