  only from this election , historically they 've done badly out of fptp . 
  complete nonsense but very entertaining . 
  tbf they were doing it for a good cause rather than just being lazy sods . 
  i do n't see why it needs to be democratic . 
  that something works is the most important thing , not if it is democratic . 
  if we want to be more democratic getting rid of a very popular , powerless figurehead is not the way to go , reforming the voting system and the lords is . 
  we are taught next to no grammar at school . 
  beyond ` verbs are doing words ' level stuff , it 's up to you . 
  sort of look like basque surnames . 
  well you do realise some become citizens ? 
  areas with lots of immigrants also tend to have lots of second or third generation who obviously can vote . 
  different from , not different than . 
  well rather a lot of them take citizenship and in areas with high immigration there are lots of 2nd and 3rd generation people . 
  i think they do have a lot of racists in the party and have an issue with xenophobia , but i would n't say that they 're a racist party . 
  massive irish immigration to liverpool and scotland , particularly glasgow . 
  i 'm surprised and sceptical about the bit around middlesbrough but it would almost certainly the same . 
  do n't forget alguer too . 
  i really do n't understand how you can make the mistake of writing more then , then and than do n't even sound similar . 
  sorry to be an arsehole . 
  now come on , do n't be modest , when it comes to camps you 're on a whole different level to us , we should n't be mentioned in the same breath ( and btw it 's a myth that britain invented concentration camps ) . 
  in british english it should always be pissed off when it means angry , using just pissed to mean angry is an americanism and only people under the age of 30 do it . 
  are you including valencian as separate to catalan ? 
  controversial . 
  working out alright for you lot , the whole zone 's working for your economic interests . 
  ukip is more about an eu referendum than immigration . 
  also , as immigrants wo n't be voting for them , surely it 's unsurprising that areas with lots of immigrants do n't vote ukip ... 
  that 's a tick mate . 
  we 're in europe , use british english ffs !, 
  what a ridiculous characterisation of our desire to keep the pound , it 's clearly the only sane policy . 
  just a wee joke , calm down . 
  working together yes , but having a superstate ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't see why removing power ever further away from the people is a good thing . 
  which has absolutely nothing to do with catholicism and has never claimed to . 
  in 15 years , when currently they do n't make up 10 % in any country ? 
  in the next 15 years ? 
  i 'd be shocked if that happened in the next 50 . 
  no , last poll was 40-39 . 
  end of the day depends on the eu . 
  if it was just what we voted for in the seventies there 'd be overwhelming support , if we 're talking about it as it is now it 's even , an eu superstate would have next to no support and britain is no outlier there , almost no one wants that on the whole continent . 
  does selling shit in the street really makes us more ` vibrant ' . 
  there 's not a single country in europe where people want a federal eu , most referendums to do with the eu are rejected ( see france , netherlands and ireland on treaties ) but of course when it comes to the eu democracy does n't really matter so they just ignore the vote and do it anyway . 
  it 's not racist if it 's true . 
  do n't know about denmark but our baby-boom was just after ww2 , they 'll be 80 + by 2030 , so already long retired . 
   optimist then  the eu would not yet be a federation but it will be much more integrated , maybe having a single european army . 
  stuff like this makes me want to leave the eu . 
  for me euroland as an endpoint is the worst case scenario and i simply ca n't understand why anyone wants it . 
  other way round , he won the popular vote in 2004 , he lost it to gore in 2000 . 
  you 're not wrong , i 'm truly embarrassed by my compatriots that live in spain for years without learning more than 20 words . 
  i saw a documentary on it recently , they have to have translators when they go to the doctors , they use english when they buy stuff ... as someone who 's learnt spanish to a b1/2 level in 8 months it really annoys me . 
  we really have an attitude problem when it comes to this stuff . 
  maths , you 're not a yank for christ 's sake . 
  i do n't think it 's all true it 's a generational thing , if anything we 're getting worse and foreign language degrees have decreased in popularity . 
  that it 's not even compulsory to do a mfl at gcse now does n't help . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/education/2013/oct/07/european-language-degree-courses-abandoned-universities most people i know have no foreign language knowledge and there 's almost a perverse pride in that ignorance . 
  maybe things are different in canada but you just ca n't say paki in britain , it 's a slur . 
  it 's not popular but there are sick bastards from all walks who like this sort of thing . 
  i remember a couple of people at school who watched execution videos . 
  nothing wrong with saying or writing awesome idea , the ` this is ' is implied . 
  sunday roasts , pies , soups and stews , fantastic cakes , biscuits and scones , good cheeses , we may not be sophisticated but i like our food . 
  i 've lived with italians and french , they 're massively overrated . 
  met one english guy who did it and he was the vainest person i 've ever met . 
  certainly not the norm here . 
  barely any celtic in there at all actually . 
   mr hammond said that britain must now `` accept '' that efforts to offer russia its `` rightful place '' in the post-cold war order had been `` rebuffed '' . 
  well if we had n't expanded into areas we promised not to , such as ukraine , maybe this would n't be happening . 
  we poked the bear and now it 's reacting . 
  really , one of the 5 words to sum up england is racist ? 
  jesus man , get out into the real world . 
  could be a lot worse , i 'm sure no one would have called northern ireland dull or comfortable 20 years ago . 
  the bottom two countries are quite nepotic , the men of the family being raised to lead the business must have something to do with it . 
  nah america have got that one . 
  this is nonsense though . 
  if he 's some globe-trotting giant of peace , then why does he only ever talk to one side ? 
  he brought the ira to parliament weeks after they almost killed thatcher , and supported the ` armed struggle ' for years - including rejecting the anglo-irish agreement - yet never once spoke to a loyalist group . 
  the same for any other conflict . 
  he talks to hamas and the ira not to help the peace process , he does it to show support and solidarity . 
  here 's the man he brought in as executive director of strategy and communications : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6u15liszgaa, 
  i was n't denying that some awful things happened in the empire , just that saying we 're somehow the world champions of genocide is ridiculous . 
  yeah that wo n't happen for at least a few months , they 're almost certainly going back to the ballot box in june . 
  well if it 's as long as the day you might as well give me a few . 
  remember that genocide is mass murder with the intention of eliminating an ethnic/religious/national group . 
  the empire may have been bad but there 's no need to attack it with hysterical , hyperbolic , ahistorical nonsense . 
   my country has probably commited more genocide than any other in history this is complete and utter nonsense , what on earth are you talking about ? 
  genocide is an intentional action to systematically eliminate an ethnic group . 
  arguably what happened in tasmania qualifies - although that was settlers rather than the actual policy of the british authorities . 
  to say we 've ever done anything like what the nazis did to the jews , or what happened in rwanda for example , is absurd . 
  there 's taking a realistic view of the empire , but you 've gone to the other extreme . 
  they might be changing to portugal time actually . 
  [ three of the four biggest parties have agreed to it . 
  ] ( http://www.eldiario.es/politica/mariano-rajoy-western-european-time_0_501150160.html ), 
  you 're nice . 
  not really . 
  anti-semitism means anti-jewish though , not anti-semitic peoples . 
  perhaps a misnomer but that 's how it is . 
   hence why we have all these attempts i 'd suggest you use either hence or why , as they serve the same function . 
  using both is unnecessary and a bit nonsensical when you think about it . 
  the two situations are not analogous . 
  england scotland have been part of the same country for over three hundred years , to say that english opinions are ` meddling ' is unfair . 
  that said i see no reason why voices from the continent should n't be said , though i very much doubt le pen butting in will be of much help to the leave campaign .
