  the bastards . 
  think it 's a real shame we 've lost that use of the word gay . 
  fptp is n't great but it 's not winner takes all , we had a coalition from 2010-15 . 
  when a hereditary peer dies a new hereditary peer is elected to replace him . 
  or spanish , french , russian or any number of widely spoken languages . 
  but yes , i suppose you 're right , if you want to learn catalan as a monolingual croatian you 're in for a tough time . 
  still , english is a pretty good place to start . 
  there are some italian packs on the pirate bay . 
  plus duo , memrise , anki , wordreference , italian newspapers , rai etc. 
  probably already know that but in case any of it 's useful . 
  it 's really not true though , most italians , french and spaniards , including the younger ones , are not much good at english if they speak it at all . 
  you can get around yes , and particularly more educated young people generally have a decent level , but only the nordic countries and holland have a really top level of english knowledge . 
  internet dictionaries , memrise , anki , duolingo , pirate bay learning packs , language specific sites ( e.g. 
  parla.cat ) , films , download ebooks , italki etc. 
  i know loads , but then i am doing a language degree . 
  we 're not all monolinguals you know . 
  expensive ? 
  you can learn basically any widely spoken language for free using the internet . 
  what do you mean ` this time ' ? 
  this is the first time we 've ever had a referendum on it . 
  okay '70s too but that was n't even the eu , it was its predecessor . 
  reddit is not representative of the real world . 
  the tories were very reluctant to hold a referendum , they wo n't be in a rush to do it again . 
  labour 's eurosceptics are a tiny minority , when they eventually get back in they wo n't do anything either . 
  this will be definitive in a way that the scottish one was n't . 
  plus that measure is n't indefinite , it 's supposedly in an 'em ergency brake ' . 
  is there anything much irish about ` irish-americans ' ? 
  the welsh language is hardly a healthy language though . 
  only 11 % of people speak it fluently , of them less than half speak it at home and it 's used even less in social situations . 
  only gwynedd has a majority of fluent speakers , and it 's a figure which is still dropping alarmingly across the areas where welsh still has some strength . 
  i know irish is in a complete mess , but welsh is n't as strong as people think it is . 
  why 's that ? 
  going to guess that pp and c 's politicians are against this because of ` reconciliation ' - aka we won get the fuck over it , ` what do you mean you do n't want streets named after mass murderers and to find the remains of your dead relatives , red scum ' . 
  nuts 2 . 
  [ you can get millions of people on the street in spain and it changes nothing . 
  ] ( http://images.ara.cat/fotografies/esperant-larribadar-punter-reutersalbert-gea_araima20150911_0220_57.jpg ), 
  probably the richest criminal organisation in the world . 
  there are n't regions in france and germany even remotely analogous to catalonia or the basque country . 
  seems pretty clear to me that they are not recognised as a nation , if they were there would have been a referendum already . 
  come on , we do n't know if either rabell or colau are pro-independence , they certainly do n't act like it . 
  that was n't a referendum though . 
  not everyone based their vote on that issue nor did all the parties position themselves clearly . 
  if you 're saying there is n't a mandate for independence , i agree . 
  of spain was n't so profoundly antidemocratic on this issue we might have a real answer . 
  let 's be honest a pacted referendum , as we had over here , is simply impossible , the intransigent attitude of the spanish political elite precludes it . 
  in the uk it 's all very clear and uncontroversial . 
  scotland is a nation , it is a country , and it has the right to decide . 
  the same ofc for the other home nations . 
  in spain none of that is accepted for catalonia , nor will it be . 
  it 's pretty clear that the only path to independence is through a unilateral declaration , which is difficult without overwhelming support . 
  vost\u00e8 est\u00e0 totalment a favor , bastant a favor , bastant en contra o totalment en contra ? '' translation :  the question from the ceo to the interviewees has been : `` thinking about the independence of catalonia . 
  are you totally in favour , somewhat in favour , somewhat against or totally against ? '', 
  never heard it before , there are some other slightly off phrases so i think the writer does n't speak english natively . 
  that wo n't change outside the eu either though . 
  iceland is n't a candidate country . 
  what happens to erasmus if we leave the eu ? 
  going next year , do n't want to lose my grant . 
  i know someone who wants open borders . 
  according to him we have no right to borders as the only reason we 're rich is the exploitation of the rest of the world . 
  he admits he does n't think the destruction of english culture would be a bad thing , and refuses to say that there is any moral difference between isis and us . 
  this is your brain on cultural relativism . 
  yeah i was going to comment on that too . 
  i 'm often find that articles about spanish and catalan politics are riddled with inaccuracies like this - e.g. 
  there was one posted here from the telegraph before the catalan elections that said that csqep was pro-independence . 
  edit : plus this is wrong as far i know :  pablo iglesias 's refusal to abandon his promise of a binding referendum on catalan independence will deter those for whom unity is important . 
  as far as i know he 's always been very woolly in this and has never explicitly stated what the referendum would be on . 
  left wing and catalan nationalists make up a majority between then and they 're both nailed on to vote against the pp . 
  it 's basically impossible for rajoy to form a government which does n't involve the psoe . 
  old news , but still relevant : [ the head of the commission for racial equality trevor phillips is warning of increased segregation . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/technology/4270010.stm ), 
  in newham only 16.7 % were white british at the last census , if this is true :  on the white british map all of the lightest coloured areas still go up to 50 % then the map is pure tosh . 
   around 70 % of people in central london are white british and that 's no news , while in outer london they 're around 90 % according to the last census london is 45 % white british . 
  it ranges from newham , where only 17 % are white british , to havering , where it 's 83 % . 
  the last census was almost 5 years ago , and every year the numbers of white british go down . 
  in the young population it 's not even 30 % is several of the inner boroughs now . 
  you may well be right , but they would have a very hard job of governing and i suspect it would last no longer than 18 months tops . 
  i suspect it 's a political manoeuvre , as it removes any excuses the psoe had to pact with rajoy by offering them a left-wing alternative . 
  for podemos , best case they get into government , worst case probable back to elections where they may well surpass the psoe to become the main force on the left . 
  win-win . 
  figures do n't add up and their positions are too far apart , this is just podemos manoeuvring so they ca n't be blamed for spain 's return to the ballot box in may . 
  try the english system . 
  last elections 37 % was enough for a parliamentary majority , 12 % of ukip enough for 1 seat of 650 . 
  pre-election polls were n't much good , why would these be any better ? 
  they massively over-estimated support for ciudadanos , and under-estimated podemos and to a lesser extent the pp . 
  surely the catalan nationalists wo n't give even passive support without the * derecho a decidir * recognised ? 
  between then and the right ( c 's and pp ) , that 's a majority against sanchez . 
  it wo n't happen , simple as . 
  176 is needed for a majority . 
  iu , podemos and the psoe only have 161 between them . 
  c 's and pp will obviously vote against . 
  that 's 163 against . 
  the 17 catalan nationalists will not allow it , actively or passively , unless they 're offered a referendum . 
  between them and the right that 's an absolute majority against . 
  even if the catalans abstained the psoe will not accept the demands the pnv are making anyway , and obviously bildu is out of the question . 
  there are going to be new elections , bank on it . 
  ca n't really be arsed to do a proper response as you seem a bit unhinged on this . 
  on the black war :  historian henry reynolds says there was a widespread call from settlers during the frontier wars for the `` extirpation '' or `` extermination '' of the aboriginal people . 
  [ 80 ] but he has contended that the british government acted as a source of restraint on settlers ' actions . 
  reynolds says there is no evidence the british government deliberately planned the wholesale destruction of indigenous tasmanians -- a november 1830 letter to arthur by sir george murray warned that the extinction of the race would leave `` an indelible stain upon the character of the british government '' [ 81 ] -- and therefore what eventuated does not meet the definition of genocide codified in the 1948 united nations convention . 
  he says arthur was determined to defeat the aboriginal people and take their land , but believes there is little evidence he had aims beyond that objective and wished to destroy the tasmanian race .
