not part of the uk . 
  dundee too actually . 
  for those who do n't get the reference . 
  that does n't say jews it says zionists . 
  these are n't religious schools , they 're secular schools which islamists were trying to islamise from within . 
  these are actually secular state schools which were the subject of muslim plots to islamise them , nothing to do with saudi arabia in this case . 
  you 're right that there 's a problem with saudi funding of muslims schols though . 
  probably somewhere . 
  linguistic departments of universities have probably got something , plus maybe [ these guys ] ( https://www.museumwales.ac.uk/192/ ) . 
  not that i could find online though . 
  here 's a monolingual irish speaker from 1985 though - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up4nxlkjx_4, 
  nope , there are no monoglot celtic speakers left . 
  scottoish gaelic , welsh and irish speakers make up barely half a percent of the uk population . 
  census says only 20 % speak welsh , in places like cardiff you 'd never hear it . 
  the last welsh monoglots died out in the 1980s . 
  http://www.rhiw.com/hanes_02/llyn_monoglots/monoglots.htm even if there are a few left , they 're not enough to make a dent on statistics . 
  1 % of the uk = 600,000 people , that 's more people than there are fluent in welsh anyway . 
  is n't there a degree of mutual intelligibility between spanish and portuguese ? 
  the last census found only 200,000 people who could speak no english . 
  the 2011 census found 8.3 % of the population was foreign born . 
  that would mean over half of immigrants ca n't speak any english , which as anyone knows is utter nonsense . 
  there 's no way 5 % of people in the uk ca n't hold a conversation in english . 
  the irish won the right to independence by war . 
  first sentence makes no sense . 
  not saying it 's a bad argument , i 'm saying it 's a meaningless sentence , i do n't understand it . 
  the fact that you have n't continued with the bit about english being nothing more than anglo-saxon invaders who should hand our country back to the celts leads me to assume you 've given up on that particular absurdity . 
   catalonia and basque country have their own cultural heritage and history . 
  does n't mean they have a right to independence , does n't work like that . 
  you 're really just describing ethnic nationalism again . 
  what you 're telling me is people do n't have a right to self-determination , ethnic groups do . 
  why not go further back ? 
  after all the celts were invaders too . 
  several cultures have come and then been replaced since britain was repopulated after the last ice age , but in reality they 've had little genetic impact . 
  to say we 're just ` invaders ' is extremely ignorant and really quite bizarre . 
  how this is at all relevant i do n't know . 
  to say we have less of a claim to be a country than catalonia - which has never been independent - because of a migration 1,500 years ago is really quite a stupid thing to say . 
   the english have a more dubious case than the catalonians and the basques . 
  give england back to the romans !, 
  the romans were foreign conquerors you cretin . 
  that is utterly nonsensical . 
  so this is n't about self-determination then , it 's about ethnic nationalism . 
  i want my house to be independent territory , where 's my right to self-determination !, 
  end of the day it does n't work like that and as far as i can see catalonia and the basque country do n't really have a case . 
  they can ask , but they have no right to self-determination . 
  are young italians looking to emigrate ? 
  northern ireland is an artificial unit though , created in 1922 to have a majority protestant unionist population . 
  they were also , in fact , right . 
  the majority of anti-semitic crime in western europe is committed by muslims . 
  there was a similar attack in france a couple of years ago . 
  to say that this was obviously a muslim crime was common sense , not racism . 
  i find it so odd that people on the left defend islam so vigorously , when it stands against everything you believe in . 
  islam is n't a race . 
  is anyone surprised that it turned out to be a muslim ? 
  but of course , there 's no issue at all with islam in our society , there ca n't be , the guardian told me so !, 
  any evidence for your claim of support for hardline loyalists ? 
  ukip are n't a far right party , they 're a eurosceptic breakaway of the tories . 
  none of their policies are far right , and to suggest that euroscepticism is intrinsically far right is just plain [ wrong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no2eu ) . 
  well no shit , germany gains the most of any country in the eu , why would they be against it ? 
  you say the netherlands is pro-eu but the one referendum they 've ever had on integration they voted against it . 
  so of course the politicians made a new treaty and forced it through without asking . 
  clinton had more than one affair , the man was a serial womaniser . 
  i 've stopped watching actually , there 's only so much awful music i can take before it stops being funny . 
  a brit who cares about eurovision , a rare sight indeed . 
  the lyrics are so hilariously poor , none of these songs make any sense . 
  true , but this probably wo n't be the last time they have a referendum on the matter . 
  give it another 20 years and they might feel more comfortable about going it alone . 
  spot on . 
  btw the craic thing seems to be catching on in england a bit . 
  two guys i live with use it quite a lot . 
  i told one of them it was an irish thing and he had no idea . 
  you should feel alarmed and ashamed . 
  czech republic for me but i also got smolensk . 
  same , maybe i should visit . 
  devon gets a flag ? 
  what is this nonsense . 
  i got pissed on a liquorice flavoured finnish spirit/liqueur once . 
  as was parts of italy and french speaking belgium , does n't change the fact that they 're not germanic . 
  i do n't think the czechs would be very happy being labelled germanic . 
  they 're slavs . 
  edit : me can not into words . 
  it is districts . 
  yeah the irish drink twice as much per capita , so really you should be the ones with the reputation . 
  [ districts . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_english_districts ), 
  ethnic minorities are far more comfortable identifying as british than english . 
  [ british identity is apparently waning . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/10093611/british-identity-is-waning-in-england.html ), 
  the british rulers saw them as a martial race and they fought for us in both world wars as volunteers . 
  in fact iirc the british indian army in ww2 , which had a disproportionate number of sikhs , is the largest volunteer army in history . 
  and that 's fighting for colonial overlords who did shit like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jallianwala_bagh_massacre ) . 
  pretty incredible , and something which should be taught in school to get racists to shut the fuck up . 
  i love that one . 
  * ought aught means anything . 
  for my two cents i will say the weather in cork was decent when i went . 
  a lot of english people do n't pronounce th any more either . 
  it 's replaced with f or v. it 's called th fronting . 
  ha , yeah , found that after i typed this comment . 
  still , i stand by what i said . 
  anyone could see that cleggmania was just a phase , i think he 'll be right this time . 
  any predictions on turnout ?
