  you 're not a colony and there is now law which says you have it , so actually you have no right to self-determination . 
  a huge mistake in giving the first referendum was not including a provision saying another could n't be held for 25 years , which is the fair thing to do . 
  personally i think we should give the scottish parliament the right to call a referendum with a supermajority of 60 % of votes and a minimum 25 year interval . 
  it 's the fair and democratic way of getting rid of this neverendum nonsense . 
  so one person one vote is arrogant and authoritarian ? 
  if scotland had a veto that would be to accept that the 5 million people of scotland are more important than the 53 million of england . 
  that is intolerable . 
  they 've not been explicit about that , especially in the inevitable case of the state refusing to negotiate , and , more importantly , the chance of a low turnout . 
  would n't get your hopes up too much . 
  if they promise to declare independence with 50 +1 % on any turnout then i 'd be excited . 
  that was a non-binding consultation , without an official census among many other issues . 
  they are touting this as a binding referendum . 
  basically : catalan president promises a referendum , pacted or not , to be held this time next year . 
  the chances of a bilateral referendum are effectively zero , so this means a unilateral referendum with all the issues that brings with it . 
  i 'm not convinced they will really be able to go through with this . 
  [ the most recent poll on independence had yes at 47.7 % and no at 42.4 % ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/cataluna/2016/07/22/5791e86ee2704ec2158b468b.html ), 
  slightly crap translation , mostly from google translate but i did make some tweaks . 
   the president of the generalitat , carles puigdemont , has announced that it will convene a referendum that will take place after the ` diada ' of next year , the second half of september 2017 . 
  it is intended to summon it with the permission of the state , and if it can not be organized by the government : `` or referendum or referendum , '' he proclaimed . 
  `` chasing the agreement until the last day , but if we reach the end of the legislature and there has been no positive response we will be prepared and ready to climb the last step before proclaiming independence , '' he warned . 
     if there is no agreement with the state , puigdemont will commission vice-president , oriol junqueras , the organization of the architecture of the referendum , which he must do in collaboration with the minister of foreign affairs ( who has competences participation ) , raul romeva . 
  `` the order commits the entire government , '' he said . 
  the executive will have the disconnection ready in the summer . '', 
  at the end of june 2017 we will be ready to disconnect from spain , '' he said . 
  `` all human and budgetary resources needed so that the new state can effectively exercise the new functions that will take , '' will be on the verge , he stressed before the deputies . 
  the catalans , he promised , `` will have all the information '' to vote . 
    however , he will defend to the end the need to negotiate with the spanish government to call a referendum `` so many times we have asked for it , so many times they have denied us it . 
  does this mean that a bilateral referendum has been discarded ? 
  well , no . 
  i come to say the opposite : it should n't be us , `` he said . 
  puigdemont has been open to work `` fairly '' with a spanish government which is willing to do the same . 
  and to do it to agree the terms of a referendum : `` if the democratic principle that the catalans can vote is accepted we will be open to opening negotiations . 
  we can talk about how to formulate the question , what should be the most appropriate date do it , what the quorums would be , what moratorium we would reestablish to reapply for a referendum and how we manage the outcome , '' he reviewed . 
    the president has reached out to the leader of the psoe , pedro sanchez , for the criticism he has received for opening the door to dialogue with the separatists . 
  he made it clear to him that , if he accepts accept the consultation , he will be president : `` there is an alternative to the political deadlock . '', 
  the president sees only one option with the psoe , because he believes that the pp considers separatism `` worse '' than terrorism : `` to negotiate with eta they met on two occasions and with us they do not accept to even sit at the table . '', 
  at the time of puigdemont 's speech , critics of the socialist leader had not yet formalized their resignation in order to depose sanchez from his post . 
    a warning to the cup : approve budgets or elections   to make the referendum , however , stability is required . 
  and in a clear warning to his theoretical partners , the cup , he said that without both the vote of confidence and the budget the legislature ends . 
  `` to meet the government 's program with all the necessary ambition it 's necessary to be able to work without hindrance . '', 
  puigdemont understands his confidence vote as a first step that should continue with the approval of the budget : `` i propose a chain of trust to continue until catalonia is an independent state with full rights . '', 
  he is hopeful : `` i found a sincere willingness to continue the legislature . '', 
  if not , he has warned that the anti-capitalists should n't vote for him . 
  `` those who has no intention of approving the budget , save us time and tomorrow do n't vote for me . '', 
    the president has argued the need to undergo a vote of confidence recalling negative of the cup to the 2016 budget and `` breaking the commitment to stability '' posed by the ` no ' to the budget . 
  this , he said , had the risk that the government was `` not feasible . '', 
  puigdemont cited a series of social measures that had been frozen by the rejection of the budget before sentencing : `` if the budget law had been approved , today instead of the vote of confidence we would have more resources for our citizens . '', 
  tiny minority . 
  difference is ` militant atheists ' do n't blow anyone up . 
  headscarf not veil . 
  this is n't from the census , it 's from a poll . 
  the di thing , as my catalan friend was excited to find out , also happens in welsh and scottish gaelic . 
  more of a ditch was n't it ? 
  nope . 
  the situation is deteriorating most rapidly there actually , with the worst contamination and no officiality . 
  sorry but you 're completely wrong here , catalan is in its worst position ever , particularly so outside catalonia . 
  they actually are , the snp say they 'd keep the monarchy . 
  the snp is n't republican . 
  never going to happen , as anyone who actually knows anything about the last few decades of spanish politics will attest to . 
  besides it would involve spain respecting the catalan language , which is impossible . 
  barcelona the city voted the same as catalonia as a whole , it 's its satellite andalusian ghettos like l'hospitalet which mean the province and the county are less pro-independence . 
  regarding the language everyone in catalonia speaks spanish perfectly - not the case the other way , of course , just take a trip to santa coloma and see how many people respond in catalan . 
  spanish is the language of tv , film , books , music , of the state and 20 other countries with hundreds of millions of people etc. 
  the only area where catalan is even remotely hegemonic is education , and even there many teachers just decide to speak in spanish anyway , yet of course the spanish right wing attacks it . 
  you 'll never hear c 's demanding 50 % of films to be catalan in the cinema , yet at every opportunity they attack the use of catalan . 
  almost as if they 're against the language . 
  the current sociolinguistic situation is leading to the degradation of the language and long term will almost certainly lead to its death . 
  edited for typos, 
  the vast majority of countries which have gained independence have done so unilaterally . 
  in a country like spain it 's their only chance , an agreed break up is as likely as a pacma overall majority at the next elections . 
  plus if you know anything about sociolinguistics you know that catalan is headed towards extinction with the current state of affairs . 
  independence is the only way you could make some of the necessary changes . 
  massively corrupt and pretty flagrantly anti-catalan ( fiscal exploitation and constantly attaching the language , just look at what they 've done in valencia and balears for an example ) . 
  do n't jump to conclusions , i said the same when the attacks in norway happened . 
  it 's not really a common gripe . 
  but when your capital city kda minority polish tell me how you feel about mass immigration . 
  presumably has an ethnic idea of swedishness . 
  also really ? 
  if i moved to sweden i would n't consider myself swedish . 
  nationality is more complex than residence . 
  unionists would boycott an illegal referendum , it 'd be an utter farce . 
  so historically illiterate it 's painful . 
  you 're very much in the minority . 
  islam is a cancer . 
  not my words , those of my ex-muslim french friend upon hearing the news . 
  his whole family is muslim and when at home has to pretend he is too . 
  also predicting much more violence to come . 
  the two situations are clearly not remotely analogous . 
  democracy is good , so if something is bad it must be antidemocratic . 
  common sense ennit . 
  the eu is not a country and the people of europe do n't want it to become one . 
  disgraceful , quite simply . 
  there are legitimate academics who do n't agree with calling it a genocide . 
  the psoe is just as anti referendum as ciudadanos . 
  there will never be a scottish style in spain , if catalonia or the basque country leave it will have to be unilateral . 
  do n't know much about internal party machinations , but at least front men like junqueras strike me as sincere . 
  not true of erc or the cup , yes of sections of cdc . 
  disappointment , not deception . 
  deception means enga\u00f1o . 
  in a country as nationalistic as spain , a party which even shows weak , token support for self-determination , as podemos have , has n't got a hope .
