  for a start they 're one and the same thing . 
  as an autonomous community within a largely centralised spanish state there 's not much they can do to fight inequality and capitalism , they simply do n't have the necessary powers ; the fight for reform is futile within a spain that is n't going to change anytime soon . 
  relegating the fight for change within catalonia , where between the cup , ecp and erc ( which you may dismiss as not being proper left , [ but an lse study found that it was significantly more left wing than the psoe on economic matters , if not as far left as iu ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2015/05/14/mapping-europes-party-systems-which-parties-are-the-most-right-wing-and-left-wing-in-europe/ ) ) would have a majority , not to mention the psc , to the wider struggle in spain , which after astonishing corruption cases and shockingly high unemployment continues voting for the pp and psoe , not to mention c 's , is madness . 
  you say , or at least imply , that the issue of ` wealth distribution ' is selfish . 
  there is solidarity and there is what happens in spain , where the difference is quite frankly unacceptable . 
  i called you a spanish nationalist because to defend the kingdom of spain over a catalan republic from a left-wing position seems to me unlikely if there is n't some other factor , like a much weaker identification with catalonia and a more spain-centric mindset , which is often down to emotional and familiar ties . 
  i mean you 're basically saying it 's better to stay in spain because you do n't like converg\u00e8ncia , a party significantly more left wing than the pp , socially liberal , which actually defends and promotes a minoritised and threatened culture ( because contrary to popular opinion the future of the catalan language is looking far from good with current trends ) - a party which in any case would be largely marginal in a catalan state , having finished 4th in the most recent general election . 
  spanish nationalism seeks to destroy spain 's cultural diversity . 
  minority languages are n't something to be celebrated but crushed , and only spanish identity is seen as valid - ` regional ' identities are at best add-ons . 
  there is a huge difference between the nationalism of a stateless nation seeking independence to the homogenising and oppressive nationalism of powerful states . 
  i see that you 've written you flair as ` asturias ' rather than ` asturias ' - is that a personal choice or is it automatic ? 
  it 's the most relevant part , it 's not propaganda . 
  knowing the polling on a unilateral referendum , which is what they 're planning to hold , is not propaganda . 
  it simply is n't though . 
  could i ask what you would consider to be shitposting or propaganda ? 
  or have i just upset you so you 've resorted to name-calling ? 
  next you 'll be calling me a * catalufo di mierda * . 
  you 're just plain wrong . 
  http://cat.elpais.com/cat/2015/01/23/catalunya/1422013790_558846.html http://www.elperiodico.com/es/noticias/politica/derecho-autodeterminacion-constitucion-catalana-aran-5123824 from two profoundly unionist papers . 
  yes , you 've got me , i 'm being paid to do this . 
  it 's just not true . 
  [ here are the results from the city of barcelona from the last election . 
  ] ( http://www.ara.cat/eleccions27s/dades/resultats/municipi/8/19/99/barcelona ) as you can see , 47.2 % voted for pro-independence , almost exactly the same as the overall result of 47.8 % . 
  the parties which are explicity against independence ( psc , ciuatadans and the ppc ) actually did slightly worse than the national average . 
  only two of the cities with over 50k inhabitants actually had a pro-independence majority in votes at the last election - girona and sant cugat del vall\u00e8s . 
  this is a lie , the catalan parliament has recognised the vall d'aran 's right to self-determination . 
  in this case it 's not a confusion . 
  barcelona is pretty much bang in line with catalonia as a whole . 
  it 's the suburban satellite towns and cities which are strongly against independence ( as there 's a strong majority of spanish immigrants and their descendents there , who may have grown up in catalonia but are culturally very much spanish ) . 
  there 's been some pretty detailed analysis of it and the spanish military quite simply is n't capable of doing such a thing . 
  not to mention that it would look awful and could lead to their suspension from the eu . 
  that is a truly ridiculous comparison . 
  not really . 
  it 's the norm to present the percentage of actual votes , not of the potential full turnout . 
  * shame i 'm so ignorant . 
  we do n't really use ignorant as a noun in english . 
  catalonia was conquered by force . 
  ever since its language and culture has been repressed - and that includes today , where according to the spanish constitution it is a second class language , not having the same status as castilian spanish - and its people denied recognition or self-government . 
  the spanish government deliberately , systematically underfunds catalonia ( ` les hemos destrazado el sistema sanitario ' , infrastructure is in a terrible state , [ they barely receive half of what the rest of spain gets ] ( http://www.ara.cat/politica/lestat-inverteix-catalunya-mitjana_0_1590440972.html ) ) , while persecuting pro-independence politicians through the courts , if not by using the police as a political arm of the state . 
  [ something to get you started ] ( https://ca.wikipedia.org/wiki/cronologia_de_la_repressi%c3%b3_del_catal%c3%a0 ), 
  democracy is about people having a say in how they are governed and who governs them . 
  i , as an englishman from the west midlands , have no right whatsoever to vote on something which pertains exclusively to the people of scotland . 
  it 's the equivalent of saying ` my wife ca n't leave because we both have a say in this relationship ' . 
  catalonia should not be maintained within spain against its consent , as is the case at the moment . 
  i do n't expect you to ever understand it of course , i 've yet to meet many spaniards who do n't have a suffocating spanish nationalism deeply internalised . 
  instead of laughing then , i will say what any catalan would say - saying that there was n't catalanophobia before the current independence movement started is either delusional , ignorant or simply a deliberate distortion . 
  to give an example from recent history , have you not heard of the pp 's campaign against the statute of autonomy ? 
  i directly respond to several incorrect factual points you made , but i have n't got all day . 
  denouncing factual claims as untrue is not ` strawmanning ' . 
  there 's a long term upwards trend , and it accelerated not after the start of the crisis [ but in early 2012 . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/ceo_onades.png ) , in and around the time of the first demonstration . 
  i did n't need telling you 're a podemos voter . 
  that you 'd rather eternal subordination to spain , to the pp , psoe and c 's and their unabashedly anti-catalan mindset and policies - culturally and economically - rather than a catalan republic , while at the same time claiming it 's the left wing thing to defend the the kingdom of spain , tells me that already . 
  presumably , as with most people who hold such opinions , you have a strong emotional attachment to spain ( parents/grandparents from spain , spanish spoken as preferential language , feels spanish culturally etc. ), 
  which makes you cling on despite the contradictions , and makes you find hollow . 
  absurd arguments to justify the position that makes you feel happiest . 
  all it takes is for a few countries to recognise catalonia and there is no way back . 
  i 'm not sure if they 'll actually declare independence anyway . 
  i 'm a bit a catalanphile , yeah . 
  speak the language , go there a fair bit , got lots of catalan friends . 
  i live in madrid and read the madrid press , so believe me i understand the other side perfectly well , they 're just wrong on almost everything . 
  yes , they would almost certainly allow a referendum in the aran valley . 
  there are no other ` subregions ' where this could or would happen . 
  i could find you literally hundreds but i have n't the time today . 
  so i should have a vote on scottish independence ? 
  find one international precedent for this , or one body which recommends it . 
  it 's the height of arrogance to say that someone from asturias or madrid has just as much right to decide catalonia 's future as a catalan . 
  only someone blinded by their nationalism , and the owner-property relationship spain has with its minority nations , could spout such nonsense ( so most spaniards . 
  sorry , i live in madrid and i like it here but when it comes to catalonia i 've met few other nationalities so anti-democratic , arrogant and blinkered . 
  if you think that 's ridiculous you 're ignorant of the history of the relationship between catalonia and spain . 
  the poll was commissioned by the unionist rag el peri\u00f3dico , that 's where the data is from . 
  they 're hardly going to manipulate it for the other side . 
  half of the polls in the weeks leading up to the eu referendum had us leaving , at most they were a few points off . 
  equally national polls got the us election more or less right . 
  polls are n't infallible , but let 's not pretend they 're useless . 
  with very high turnout , parties campaigning almost solely on the promise of independence won 48 % only a year ago , and poll after poll shows sizable chunks of other parties ' voters would vote yes as well ( most notably ecp/csqep whatever letter soup podemos gets into ) . 
  this is based on more than polling . 
  and bear in mind spain looks even less appealing now , with the pp having won the elections since . 
   the anti-catalanism was not prevalent until the catalans shifted towards independentisme ahahahahahahahahaha excuse me . 
  dreaming . 
   which was after the call for a creation of an autonomous tax system not true , it was after the supreme court trimming the * estatut * . 
  the call for a new deal came after the enormous demonstration on the catalan national day in 2012 . 
   the spanish state instead of the catalan one . 
  there is n't a catalan state , it 's kind of what this whole ` independence ' thing is about . 
   instead of mobilizing the disenchanted people towards deep economic and systemic reforms , has prioritized the creation of a catalan republic you ca n't have one without the other . 
  is it the job of the catalan left to win unwinnable elections in castile , galicia or andalucia ? 
  they literally preferred the certain end of the pro-independence majority to voting for artur mas . 
  they are currently holding everything up by blocking the budget . 
  [ this map says it all ] ( http://fotos02.levante-emv.com/mmp/2016/06/27/646x260/mapa-provincias.jpg ) . 
  you 're saying it 's better for them to wait for the rest of spain to suddenly change , while undergoing continual attacks to their language , systematic underfunding and denial of basic democratic rights ( e.g. 
  the right to decide their own future ) . 
  i could rebut the rest but i can see it 's pointless ; wilful ignorance and the classic spanish nationalist mindset ( without even recognising yourself as such ) . 
  ultimately , just as in the republic ( aza\u00f1a said he 'd rather the fascists win than see a catalan republic ) , the spanish left is the same as the right when it comes to catalonia . 
  if it ever happens it will be the next 18 months . 
  europe of the regions . 
  why should catalonia be governed by madrid , when they are systematically abused , and have been treated like a colony for 300 years ? 
  most people who are against independence say they would n't vote in a unilateral referendum , whereas almost all yes voters would ( see : 9n ) . 
  recolza is a bad translation ( the sort you 'd expect from el peri\u00f3dico ) . 
  it should be 'd \u00f3na suport ' . 
  recolzar means apoyar in spanish , but the other meaning ( hacer que una cosa descanse sobre otra ) .
