   would n't catalonia be out of eu if they gain independence ? 
  yes , at least for a while . 
  how long depends on how they achieve it . 
  at the moment it seems , for at least the next few years , impossible for them to achieve independence bilaterally , so the only way in the short term will be a unilateral declaration , which would undoubtedly lead to them being outside for quite some time . 
  with bilateral independence it would probably not take long for them to be readmitted . 
  but with 3/4 of the spanish parliament against even a referendum , let alone secession , they have no hope of that . 
   catalonia has more to loose than to win with independence depends on your point of view i suppose . 
  one of the pro-independence parties , the cup , actually wants to leave the eu . 
  tax havens and microstates do n't really count . 
  still nonsense , depends how you define wealth i suppose . 
  they have lots of billionaires , and lots of very poor people too . 
  cdc would have lost to erc if they 'd gone to the polls , this was their only hope of keeping control of the independence process . 
  the latter . 
  at the very best they will offer a new financial deal but it 's gone way beyond that now . 
  they could have stopped this whole process in 2012 by offering them what the basques have , but they 've well and truly fucked it . 
  suspend autonomy when they 've declared themselves an independent country ... how exactly are they hoping to enforce that ? 
   forget the spanish constitution and its laws . 
  ] ( http://ccaa.elpais.com/ccaa/2016/01/09/catalunya/1452355296_017888.html )  the european union , its leaders , and the most relevant political leaders in europe ( and outside , like obama himself ) have supported the spanish government . 
  they 've made it very clear that they will not recognize unilateral independence . 
  obviously they 're not going to recognise a unilateral declaration . 
  i never even suggested they would , i 'm just saying a dui in the current political climate in spain is more likely than an agreed referendum . 
   if that were n't enough , un 's chief ban ki moon recently said that catalonia has no right to self-determination rights have to be fought for , which is what the catalan people are doing now . 
  also no one gives a fuck what ban ki moon thinks . 
  i agree , but really i think they 'd be making the situation worse the parties which so firmly claim they want spain to stay united do exactly the wrong stuff . 
  another pp government , far from saving spain , would only drive up the desire for independence . 
  personally i think a party like podemos which recognises spain as a nation of nations like the uk , and which accepts the right to self-determination , as we have here with scotland ( it was never even in question really ) , is the only way spain will stay united . 
  as it is , i think their * inmovilismo * only makes it worse . 
  i\u00f1aki gabilondo makes sense when he says ` la actual catalu\u00f1a no cabe en la actual espa\u00f1a ' - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dm1eb4vbx8s, 
  * asumir * is better translated as accept in this context . 
  to assume is * suponer * . 
  creating a catalan republic is one of the cup 's main aims , it 's really not that strange . 
  this is a historic moment of high support for independence , and they know they need to take it . 
  i disagree , unilateral independence is much more likely than a referendum . 
  i simply do n't see the psoe , let alone c 's or the pp , supporting a referendum in catalonia . 
  either catalonia goes down the unilateral route or it remains in spain . 
  the case of the former is probably the only way they could force spain into agreeing on a referendum , as i imagine they 'd be pressured internationally . 
  two members of the cup to jxs for parliamentary stability . 
  the independence process moves on , now let 's see what happens in madrid . 
  i suspect the psoe will now support the pp , or at least abstain and c 's break their word and vote positively . 
  mas said he would vote yes to independence back in 2010 . 
  i agree he 's not as firmly pro-independence as the cup or erc , but he was ahead of his party on this and he lead them to where they are , even though it meant breaking the coalition with uni\u00f3 . 
  spanish politics right now are quite the drama . 
  now for the psoe to do a u-turn and support the pp * por la unidad de espa\u00f1a y todos los espa\u00f1oles !, 
  well they 've saved the process , going to elections in march probably would n't have been good for the independence process . 
  this puts pressure on the psoe to back rajoy for the * unidad de espa\u00f1a y todos los espa\u00f1oles * . 
  that happens and i think support for independence will grow . 
  podemos is basically the only force which can save spain imo . 
  what do you know about this carles puigdemont guy ? 
  i 'd never heard of him before today . 
  spanish : http://ccaa.elpais.com/ccaa/2016/01/09/catalunya/1452342436_489507.html doubt there are any english articles yet , ca n't find any . 
  a new president has to be sworn in before the end of tomorrow or new elections will automatically be convoked . 
  pro-independence mps make up a majority in the parliament ( 72/135 ) , with 62 from jxs , a coalition of centre-right cdc , centre left erc and other organisations such as the assemblea nacional catalana and \u00d2mnium cultural . 
  the other ten come from far-left group the cup , who want not only to leave spain but to leave the eu . 
  they promised not to support artur mas , a man they see as closely linked with the cuts , and up till today junts have refused to put forward anyone else . 
  elections seemed inevitable , now they may be avoided . 
   direct democracy ( also known as pure democracy ) [ 1 ] is a form of democracy in which people decide ( e.g. 
  vote on , form consensus on ) policy initiatives directly . 
  what is currently happening has absolutely nothing to do with direct democracy . 
  i 'd say this takes a lot of pressure of the psoe . 
  if the cup and jxs had reached an agreement and an independentista government was formed , there 'd be a lot of pressure on the psoe to form a government with the pp and the support of c 's to defend the unity of spain . 
  as it is it does n't need much defending , and there 's a chance the pro indie lot will lose their majority . 
  i was n't being a hundred percent serious . 
  i stand by what i said about them being anti-catalan though , their main cause for years was campaigning against the promotion of catalan , a language less and less used with each year , which would likely die without measures such as immersion . 
  much more time under the pp in baleares or pa\u00eds valenciano and it will be a dead language there . 
  no , we call it ungovernable when it becomes incredibly hard for any coalition to form , governments are constantly breaking up and there are regular elections . 
  these will be catalonia 's 4th elections in 5 and half years , and they may leave a parliament with no obvious coalitions . 
  so basically , as long as you 're not a ~ ~ nig ~ ~ * urban * you 're safe !, 
   i really do n't think muslim has anything to do with it . 
   between what the koran says about woman , and what islamic teachers and scholars say about them , i think you 're wrong on this one . 
  islam is very much a part of it . 
  at least in novels you just use dashes for dialogue though . 
  the preceding masterpiece is my own work . 
  no they 're just plain old jobs in britain , it 's the yanks that have jaaabs . 
  completely agree , and i would add that the the results may well leave the parlament even more divided and catalonia even harder to govern . 
  btw there 's no accent on mas . 
  same in lots of countries , our far-left is anti-eu , there 'll be a small group of labour mps from the left fringe campaigning against the eu in our referendum . 
  my prediction - though much depends on what happens in the spanish parliament as they try to form a government . 
  erc - 32 ( centre-left , basically do n't care about anything but independence ) cdc - 28 ( centre-right , corruption problems , their president is more important to them than the new country they claim to want ) cup - 5 ( insane , pigheaded but principled commies and anarchists ) pp - 14 ( crypto-fascists who hate everything catalan ) c 's - 20 ( crypto-fascists who hate everything catalan , but they 're orange and [ phwoaaar ] ( http://www.lasexta.com/clipping/2015/04/22/00418/30.jpg ) ) en com\u00fa - 22 ( pablemos and friends , old school lefties ) psc - 14 ( allied to the neither socialist nor worker party of spain ) ungovernable mess results . 
  they are in the pp governed ones ( illes balears , galiza , pa\u00eds valenci\u00e0 ) . 
  and they 're always doing their best to attack catalan ( hay que espa\u00f1olizar a los ni\u00f1os catalanes ) . 
  funny how a supposed centre-left part like the psoe has assumed the speech of the far-right when it comes to catalonia . 
  felipe gonzalez is that you ? 
  obvious troll is obvious . 
  uh the polls said on the second vote it was 1510 yes and 1512 and going to a third vote ... it 's unbelievably close , nothing decided yet . 
   is this catalan issue going to be solved any time soon ? 
  probably not . 
  the main political forces in catalonia want independence and even more support the right to self-determination , which is also supported by a large majority in catalan society ( 80 % in most recent poll ) - although it 's pretty much 50/50 on the question of independence itself . 
  so this is not an issue they are going to drop lightly . 
  perhaps with new elections in march they 'll be defeated , we 'll have to wait and see . 
  after 4 consecutive years with massive demonstrations , massive electoral support leading to a pro-independence parliament , a consultation on independence , and the two main spanish parties losing a massive amount of support in catalonia ( 21.2 % in regional election , 26.8 % in the generals ) , the big spanish parties still show no signs of dropping their complete , stubborn refusal to countenance spain as anything other than a uninational state . 
  only the left wing upstarts podemos call for a plurinational state where consent rather than force keeps different nationalities in the state , but they have little power with only 69/350 seats in the parliament . 
  if after all this , they still do n't accept that catalonia is a nation or that it has a right to self-determination , they probably never will . 
  so where does it end ? 
  who knows . 
  title does n't really communicate the importance of this meeting . 
  if they reject the proposal from the main pro-independence coalition , which involves accepting artur mas as president ( something they swore they would n't do ) , there will be new elections in march . 
  if you read those two comments , the massive influx of people into germany clearly is relevant . 
  the parliament would be even more fragmented , spain would be ungovernable . 
  just look at belgium , where they one went 18 months without a government . 
  pure pr and from the last election the big five get ( ish ) : pp - 100 psoe - 77 pablemos and friends - 72 c 's - 49 iu - 13 find a viable government there if you can .
