  after all every country has rich regions which pay more in taxes than they get back , but you do n't see the southeast of england or dublin trying to secede . 
  right , but him complaining about their behaviour does n't contradict any of that . 
  it was 85.5 in 2011 and falling by over 5 % a decade . 
  before ww2 we really only had irish , ashkenazi jews and huguenots , and those movements were n't any near as big as what we have now ( net migration is over 300k a year ) . 
  what the other guy said . 
  other examples being ` que te jodan ' or the more polite ` que tengas un buen d\u00eda ' . 
  you could have an ( espero ) at the start . 
  yeah i absolutely get that , and i also found a perception that catalonia had benefitted from investment which andaluc\u00eda has n't had , hence the respective states of their economies . 
  psoe and pp are against , at least for the moment it seems hard to see how a legal , negotiated exit can happen . 
  and i 'm not convinced they have the balls to go for a dui . 
  jxs o cup ? 
  go on incognito . 
  bit of an exaggeration to say they 're trilingual . 
  the youngsters all have at least basic english but no where near as high a level as say the nordics . 
  quick comparison : bon dia , em dic joan i s\u00f3c catal\u00e0 . 
  they 're way further apart than english and scots . 
  spanish speakers do not understand it written or spoken - they 'll get a gist of the subject but no more . 
  really ? 
  i mean spanish is dominant but i 'd say catalan is a good 25-30 % . 
  suppose depends on the area but still ... 
  you 're full of shit , spanish is far more prevalent than catalan in barcelona and everyone who speaks catalan speaks spanish too . 
  publicity . 
  in catalonia it will be in catalan . 
  que se vayan y tomar por el culo was the attitude i found to be pervasive in the south , they seem thoroughly fed up of it . 
  really ? 
  because polls suggest pro independence parties will once again win a majority in the parliament . 
  how 's texas 's independence movement going again ? 
  catalonia has its own language , political parties , tv and radio stations , police force , history , culture , identity etc. 
  millions of people support independence , and show up to impressive demonstrations like this one . 
  comparing it to the virtually non-existent texan secession movement is incredibly ignorant . 
  i hate reading articles about things i actually know about , as it makes me realise just how many mistakes these papers make . 
  csqep is not pro independence , bloody telegraph it 's not hard . 
  wo n't even bother reading the rest . 
   there really is no solution for this crisis , is there ? 
  there is , and i 'll give you a clue , it does n't involve giving everyone an invitation to europe - oh , did merkel do that already ? 
  whoops . 
  your maths is out but a magnitude of ten there , 0.006 % a year actually . 
  if the uk election was now rather than in may i think we 'd see ukip get 17-18 % rather than 12 % . 
  that was just junts pel s\u00ed was n't it ? 
  only declarations from cup i 've seen said they needed both . 
  i was just pointing out that interpreting ahora madrid and barcelona en com\u00fa as far left is n't much of a stretch . 
  i 've been following the process and the catalans are worse than the scots . 
  the nationalists blame everything that 's wrong with catalonia on spain , and offer independence as the answer to everything . 
  they 're delusional . 
  and with the changing demographics - it 's getting more spanish and less catalan , if they fail now they 're doomed . 
  the cup has declared they will only go ahead if it 's a majority of votes as well as a majority of seats , and as you said these polls show a minority in votes . 
  so if this happened independence would not go ahead . 
  9n turnout was estimated at 40 % and it was 80 % yes . 
  that 's 32 % committed independentistas . 
  they feel they get an unfair economic deal . 
  they pay far more in taxes than they get back , and investment in catalonia is way too low . 
  a lack of respect for them for them and their culture . 
  the central government is trying to force the catalan education system to increase its use of spanish at the expense of catalan . 
  a feeling of being different , linguistically , culturally etc. 
  ( aka nationalism ), 
  there is only a minority in support of independence , even this poll shows that . 
  it 's not really analogous to what happened in ireland . 
  a referendum would fail in catalonia too , at least if we held one now . 
  the problem is it sets a precedent and of course catalonia is not their only separatist region . 
  and while we would n't have suffered much from scotland 's exit , losing the basque country and catalonia would be very bad news indeed for spain 's economy . 
  the current mayor used to be a communist ... 
  well they end up leading nowhere due to the spanish government 's unwillingness to negotiate or entertain the idea that catalonia has the right to self-determination . 
  the same will likely again , it will be thwarted by madrid , but if it 's a majority it 's hard to see what they can do . 
  fat chance of that happening . 
  high-jacking top comment to say that this is not what these polls show . 
  the cup has declared they will only go ahead if it 's a majority of votes as well as a majority of seats , and these polls show a minority in votes . 
  you need a majority of jxs in seats , or a majority of the two in both seats and votes . 
  with high turnout neither are likely , so independence is unlikely to go ahead - and ofc we have to remember that the spanish government quite simply wo n't allow it , there is no legal avenue for these parties to fulfil their promises . 
  edit : sauces ( catalan ) http://www.ara.cat/politica/david_fernandez-cup-majoria-vots-escons-proces_0_1404459737.html http://www.directe.cat/noticia/395791/la-cup-demana-una-majoria-en-vots-i-escons-el-27s, 
  i 'd like to point out there is more or less no chance of this happening . 
  200 sounds insignificant but estonia is pretty small , it 's the equivalent of 12,000 refugees in germany . 
  i suppose many see it as a slippery slope . 
  also the fact that this is largely muslim migration does n't help . 
  i think a lot of people are really afraid of islam having an effect on their countries . 
  and most do n't have the money to come . 
  something people do n't consider is that these people need to have thousands of euros to make the journey - most of that going to traffickers . 
  your average syrian does n't have that , these are fairly middle class immigrants . 
  nothing . 
  reckon this guy gets off to franco speeches . 
  do we . 
  i 've never thought we ` loved ' them . 
  america being the land of mad , gun-wielding religious blobs is what i would have said . 
  especially since iraq i think we 're anti american , although it does n't really come up much . 
  fat , ignorant , warmongering , religious nutjobs with no culture . 
  their stereotypes of british people do n't seem to have moved on from the 19th century . 
  very loud , rather naive , but at the end of the day , generally decent people . 
  also will add that i ca n't remember actually talking about the us much in recent years . 
  we 're not all thinking about you all the time you know . 
  watched a louis theroux doc on a mega jail the other day and my dad was saying it reflects how fucked up america is that that they allow that sort of things . 
  other than that , bar the odd comment on you police 's love of murdering unarmed black people , it has n't come up . 
  they send money home . 
  very few families have the money to take all of them on the trip , so sending a man of working age who can send back money and hopefully arrange for them to come and join him makes sense . 
  that 's my guess anyway . 
  think you 'll find isis came out of syria . 
  besides , can we please stop pretending that islamism is the west 's fault . 
  it 's not , this has been a problem for a lot longer than the iraq war . 
  yes . 
  i absolutely believe that if scotland voted to leave the uk the chance of them being able to reunite with us would be absolutely negligible . 
  we would n't accept them for a start . 
  well rights are arguable .
