  my independence movement ? 
  i 'm english !, 
  why would regional voting patterns devalue anything ? 
  support is never uniform . 
  plus , considering barcelona metro is well over half of catalonia 's population it ca n't be all that anti-independence or the pro-indie parties would n't have got 48 % on 77 % turnout . 
  would that really help ? 
  rivera denies that catalonia is a nation , denies that it has a right to self-determination , is against efforts to strengthen the language such as immersion in schools ... he 's just rajoy with a catalan name , and indeed was in the pp in his youth . 
  a c 's and pp coalition would be a factory of pro-independence voters . 
  that is n't true , barcelona city was just 1 % down on the average , with 47 % being pro-indy in the election . 
  go to the suburbs and yes , the likes of badalona , cornella and l'hospitalet are clearly against independence , as they 're mostly populated by people from other parts of spain and their families . 
  pretty sure the barcelona suburbs do n't count as a nation with a right to self-determination , catalonia does . 
  and it 's pointless anyway , does anyone really think that l'hospitalet de llobregat or the vall d'aran would be asking to go back to spain ? 
  they may want to stay in spain , they 'd leave spain before their neighbours . 
  if catalonia goes down the path of unilateral independence spain wo n't recognise the new state and therefore in their eyes barca will still be a spanish club . 
  it 's it bilateral there will be an agreement allowing barcelona to stay . 
  la liga do n't want barcelona going anywhere . 
  corsican nationalism is pretty fringe , doubt they 'll care . 
  considering most of catalonia are barca fans , it 's clearly not a big issue . 
  obviously just anecdotal but i know a couple of pro-indie people ( a cup voter and a jxs voter ) who are barcelona members , big fans , but when it comes to politics it 's completely irrelevant to them . 
  independencia is chanted in the stadium , if it were really a sticking point for them they 'd be singing visca espanya not visca catalunya . 
  not really true , they just want to reassure those that do want to keep their spanish passport that they will in the case of independence . 
  i 'm pretty sure oriol junqueras will be burning his spanish passport as soon as possible . 
   all the time except this is the only time we 've ` threatened ' to leave . 
  you judge people by what they say and do , not what they might think privately . 
  no you have n't , you were misunderstanding it . 
  antisemitism is always taken to mean anti-jewish . 
  those are ukip 's main things though . 
  if they all go home surely they have no effect on the net numbers then ? 
  i suppose there are increases in the numbers coming , but i ca n't imagine the increase being that big . 
  banner at my uni ( manchester ) for a student election promises to fight against prevention ( against terrorism ) laws . 
  from the clowns that did this : http://www.independent.co.uk/student/news/nus-motion-to-condemn-isis-fails-amidst-claims-of-islamophobia-9796193.html, 
  it 's much more common to rent in germany than it is in britain , and we have silly house prices , so i 'd say we win on mean as well . 
  does n't really mean we 're necessarily better off , just more assets for your average person . 
  the right is pro-israel these days as they 're basically anti-muslim , and what fucks off the muslims more than israel ? 
   we reject the wearing of a hijab for children good to hear muslims bring this up , i see girls as young as seven or eight with hijabs where i live . 
  well a pp minister has said it was delayed so as not to interfere with the elections . 
  charged , imputed does n't mean that in english . 
  is anyone surprised ? 
  indeed , but you ca n't say that more than half have voted to stay in spain . 
  these were elections and some of the parties were ambiguous with respect to independence . 
  indeed , but one can not take all their voters as no voters in the event of a possible referendum . 
  if you see this as plesbiscite , then 47.8 % voted for independence , but not all of the rest can be seen as having voted no . 
  only the psc , pp and c 's are clearly no , as all three not only reject independence but reject the idea that catalonia is a nation with the right to self-determination . 
  do n't need the flair to tell you 're spanish with that attitude . 
  absurd and supremacist , the standard colonialist attitude spaniards have towards catalonia . 
  catalonia is full of people who refuse to speak the language despite living there for decades or indeed their entire life ( the so-called immersion system is nothing of the sort ) ; that 's what i call supremacist . 
  yep . 
  they 're a party created by the media and the banks . 
  they 've served their purpose and will go the way of upyd . 
  they do not mean a binding referendum with a question about independence , as pablo iglesias admits when pressed . 
  it 's lies , because on left and right , spanish unity is above all . 
  podemos are demagogic lerrouxistas , populists of the worst sort . 
  no way are there that many people in ireland who ca n't speak english . 
  irish speakers are bilingual , the immigrant population is low and the vast majority will be able to hold a conversation . 
  with c 's they certainly would have . 
  the psoe and podemos are nationalist parties : the latter boasts about being spanish patriots who are the best guarantors of the unity of spain ; and the former are even more flagrant in their spanish nationalism - the main reasons this whole face has dragged on so much is they wo n't accept the basic right of self-determination as it would break their beloved patria , so ca n't negotiate with catalan and basque parties . 
  this is never going to happen and it 's delusional to think it could . 
  scotland will not inherit the uk 's place . 
  i think this tweet just about sums it up : https://twitter.com/tribuconsti/status/540193528065036288, 
  exactly , anti-catalan posturing wins votes in the rest of spain . 
  [ ] ( https://justoserna.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/image6.jpg ), 
  they went from 40 ( far less than the crooked polls had projected ) in december to 32 in june . 
  this decline will get even worse in december . 
  c 's is a nothing party , and is not even remotely equivalent the lib dems , ideologically or historically . 
  give it 10 years and it 'll be where that other ultra-espa\u00f1olista party , upyd , are now . 
  maybe would you call it lapao . 
  no , and it 's hard to see it happening really . 
  the problem in the valencian country is that you do n't have a right wing valencianist party , but it 's quite a right wing place . 
  that means the spanish right have a monopoly on it , whereas in catalonia you 've had ciu being the dominant force and the pp there has never been anything more than marginal . 
  ah right so the un says so , it must be true . 
  from a moral stand point you can make an argument for the right to self-determination if you want . 
  but ultimately that 's entirely subjective , as indeed is the decision of who and who does n't constitute a people ; i could just as easily turn that on you and say the unit is the british people and that a scottish independence referendum is a violation of the rest of great britain 's people to decide the future of their country . 
  this indeed is the reasoning they use in spain . 
  the only rights which matter are legal ones , and you have no legal right to secede . 
  luckily we live in a mature democracy where we resolve these issues in a democratic way ( cough spain cough ) , but if the uk government denies scotland a referendum do n't expect the un or the eu to support you . 
  ] ( http://blocs.mesvilaweb.cat/wp-content/uploads/sites/1339/2014/12/2000px-mapa_dels_pa%c3%afsos_catalans.svg-1.png )  is that not the senyera you 're using ? 
  thought the valencian one was the same ( although obviously the official one has the [ blue bit added ] ( https://francescviadel.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/no-mos-2.jpg ) ) . 
  waiting to see what the question is and whether they 're promising a dui if they win . 
  also will be interesting to see the generalitat 's reaction when the tc inevitably repeals everything they try and do . 
  a binary question with no turnout requirement and a promise to declare independence unilaterally after the vote , then we 're talking . 
  the fact that junqueras and romeva have been given the task of organising it is massive ( 9n was organised by uni\u00f3 ) , as they really believe in it . 
  that was n't a lie . 
  no one thought the tories would win a majority and no one thought that we 'd vote to leave , in 2014 it seemed very probable that we 'd stay . 
  or when asked if they wanted to take part in a survey just say no . 
  plus pablemos voters tend to be young , and the young are notoriously flaky when it comes to voting . 
  easy solution for you lot : leave . 
  nah , ciudadanos 's voters are already returning to the pp . 
  they 'll be lucky to get over 20 seats if there 's a december election , look what 's happened in the basque country and galicia !, 
  they would n't win by a landslide but they would probably take most of ciudadanos ' votes and get close to an absolute majority . 
   they do n't get voices because they do n't matter that 's funny , i thought they had a vote in the referendum . 
  i also distinctly remember mrs may saying she would work with the devolved governments in forming her strategy for leaving . 
  is it ` tyranny ' that we do n't give the wishes of 10 % of the population the same power as 85 % ? 
  one person , one vote , very simple . 
   65 % identified themselves as scottish and not british . 
  it usually hovers around 75 % . 
  well this is bullshit , as you can see here , between 1999 and 2014 the percentage of people identifying as scottish not british was between 23 % and 35 % . 
  it has n't been over 30 % since 2006 . 
  that means the vast majority of scots feel british to some extent , with 43 % feeling as british as scottish or more british . 
  that was n't a lie it was the truth . 
  you would have had to apply .
