  hit and miss sounds better to me . 
  well it 's nonsense , he 's counting ciu as separatist for all those elections when only erc where . 
  well this is nonsense . 
  ciu was not a separatist party for most of its history . 
  it only became so recently , leading to uni\u00f3 leaving the coalition . 
  if it was n't a referendum , seats count , if it was votes do . 
  one or the other . 
  well maybe . 
  the 2.5 % of uni\u00f3 and 8.9 % of cats\u00edqueespot are far from being 100 % unionist . 
  plus , in an actual , legal , pacted referendum it would be different . 
  47.8 % have basically voted for unilateral independence , for the risk of leaving the eu , of a big mess basically . 
  a pacted exit from spain would be even more popular . 
  god spain is such a mess . 
  pot kettle black i know . 
  all the polls say so . 
  expect a pp and c 's coalition . 
   the majority of catalans ( 52 % ) people have chosen to stay united . 
   you ca n't take the voters of csqep ( 8.9 % ) or uni\u00f3 ( 2.5 % ) for granted as no voters . 
  uni\u00f3 is ` neither ' too surely , and they got what 2.5 % ? 
  jxs want a negotiated exit , something that neither of the two main spanish parties will accept . 
  madrid will try to block it . 
  tanks no , the law . 
  so do they have the balls to make a unilateral declaration , ejecting themselves from the eu and throwing everything into chaos . 
  plus they 'll likely get under 50 % of the vote , and the cup will only support a declaration if yes wins in votes and seats . 
  that was not taking into account the measures of the spanish state . 
  in 2012 the exit poll overestimated ciu and cup , so do n't get ahead of yourself . 
  still , if the poll is right this is huge . 
  exit poll in 5 mins . 
  http://www.ccma.cat/tv3/directe/tv3/ http://resultats.parlament2015.cat/09au/dau09999cm_l2.htm http://www.ara.cat/eleccions27s/dades/resultats-catalunya-2015, 
  land of hope and glory for me . 
  turnout has so far increased most in pro-independence areas , seems like your lot are the most motivated . 
  jesus where do you live ? 
   in fact the cup , more so than jxsi is for a unilateral declaration of independence and have directly atated that if they are the ones that win will declare independence on 28s which is why their stance on votes does surprise me a bit . 
  all the polls suggest that between the pro-independence parties will have a majority . 
  however , the coalition junts pel s\u00ed ( together for the yes ) , which has said it will go ahead with the process if they win a majority in seats , will most likely not get a majority in seats . 
  rather , they will need the support of the small far-left pro-independence party cup . 
  thing is though , the cup have said they 'll only support the process of separation if there is a majority of votes for the pro-independence party . 
  there is a very real chance though , that pro-independence parties will have a majority in seats but not in votes , but ca n't go ahead due to the cup 's principles . 
  so then what happens ? 
  who bloody knows . 
  erc , cdc and cup . 
  there 'll be higher turnout this time out , and last time 's abstentionists are overwhelmingly unionists . 
  secondly i suspect many erc voters will jump ship to cup rather than vote for mas ' list . 
  nationalists gon na nationalist . 
  every problem in scotland is thanks to the english , and to solve it all you have to do is get independence . 
  independence literally will solve everything , converting scotland into a utopia . 
  i do n't even feel this is an exaggeration of their mindset , though ofc they use different terms . 
  ` tories ' or ` westminster politics ' instead of flat out saying england for instance . 
  also ' scare campaign ' means legitimate concerns about the viability of an independent scotland . 
  free universities is a failed policy . 
  they have a funding issue and it does nothing to widen participation . 
  our fees are too high but uni should n't be free . 
  they do n't send more money than they get back , maybe one year in the last ten they did and the nats used that figure ofc . 
  scotland gets far more funding per head than us in england . 
  why do we need one ? 
  does n't seem to have caused us much harm not having one . 
  secede m8, 
  sounds like we have a cup voter . 
  when has mas ever stolen ? 
  and to compare the 3 % to the massive deficit catalonia has between what they give to spain and what they get back is just silly , the latter is an order of magnitude bigger . 
  it 's just that they bare faced lied . 
  repeatedly saying that they 'd respect the result and that this was once in a generation if not lifetime . 
  and yet they 've been banging on about it non stop , sturgeon saying how the union is on borrowed time , salmond , a fat 60 year old , saying they 'll achieve independence within his political lifetime . 
  they should have accepted the result and be working with what they 've got , but no , all they care about is destroying this country , so they 're already plotting their second go . 
  given the way oil prices have gone , making a mockery of their white paper , it 's absurd that something like 50 % of scots now support independence . 
  we do n't want to be ruled by london , we want to be ruled by brussels !, 
  than , you illiterate swine . 
  if there 's mutual intelligibility to that degree , are we not speaking of one language with different dialects ? 
  cup o jxs\u00ed ? 
   i am however fluent in spanish and was one day watching a la liga match , i believe barcelona vs. espanyol or something . 
  it was not until half time when i realized that the commentary for the match was in italian and not spanish , despite understanding everything that was said . 
  this is absolute , blatant bullshit . 
  if you spoke spanish fluently , you 'd recognise immediately that it was n't spanish and given that native speakers only understand a bit of italian , you would n't understand it . 
  i speak spanish and yeah you get a bit , but so easy to understand that you do n't notice ? 
  just pure nonsense . 
  he 's talking out of his arse . 
  understanding spanish does n't give you anything near 100 % comprehension of italian , and they sound nothing alike if you know one of them . 
  source : i speak spanish . 
  it 's a dialect , which nationalists like to pretend is a language . 
  my french is pretty abysmal these days . 
  i know no irish but then neither do 95 % of irish people so not doing so bad there . 
  i speak spanish and catalan but they 're not really our neighbours are they ? 
  migrants tear-gassed by hungary police, 
  if you 're like most people you 've probably heard of the sauce and therefore have a vague idea it exists , but do n't really know where it is . 
  i think hoping we leave the eu , not to benefit us , but because you think it 's the best way to get scotland out the union , is incredibly selfish . 
  but then nationalism is inherently selfish , so i should n't be surprised . 
  well the word itself is n't strange . 
  i imagine people from the hebrides or the isle of white would refer to britain as the mainland , just do n't really see europe as the ` mainland ' . 
  what makes you say ? 
  a lifetime is a long time , lots of things will happen and it 's not at all hard to see us getting another one . 
  the scots at already planning another one . 
  jesus you nationalists are mad . 
  i 'm so disappointed that this petty , ugly ideology has taken over in the north of our country . 
  do n't think i 've ever seen the continent referred to as ` the mainland ' before , how odd . 
  how absurd you could never have an effective government for such a large unit . 
  well that 's nonsense even most people in catalonia feel spanish to some extent - just google it , there are plenty of polls - are you really saying that people in andaluc\u00eda or asturias do n't feel spanish , they only identify with their region ? 
  economic grievances play a part but there 's 25-30 % who are nationalists plain and simple , who will want independence come what may . 
  these people have their own language , political parties , culture etc. 
  i know many catalans who say they are not spanish and that catalonia is not spain . 
  the crisis and the economic issues has acted as a catalyst for a surge in support , as crises so often do , but nationalism is the single most important factor .
