  you 're right , but the eu 's only interventions on such issues are to browbeat stateless nations into compliance . 
  they 're not interested in democracy , they 're interested in the territorial integrity of their member states . 
  the unity of spain is a fundamental part of their national psyche , to accept catalonia as a nation , let alone an independent one , is impossible to them . 
  my friend , part of a pro-independence party , says he would n't be surprised if spain took 40 years to officially recognise catalonia . 
  that 's why it 's so different from the relation between the constituent nations of the uk - whereas the vast majority of spaniards do n't accept that the basque country or catalonia are nations , in the uk it is completely uncontroversial to say that scotland , wales or england are nations , and even countries . 
  catalan politicians , i think somewhat disingenuously , claim that they would not in fact leave the eu if they became independent . 
  scottish ` yes ' politicians argued the same thing during the referendum they had . 
  i am indeed familiar with spanish politics . 
  the radical left supports national liberation , as it often does with stateless nations , because they know it 's the only way of securing real change ; there will be no third spanish republic . 
  if that has n't become clear after the last couple of elections , where after decades of staggering corruption , with the economy in tatters , people still vote for two parties which are more irrelevant with each passing day in catalonia - the psoe and the pp . 
  when anti-catalan parties like the pp and c 's are almost a majority - parties which launch endless attacks on the language of catalonia , which abuse the powers of the state to wage a [ dirty war on catalan politicians ] ( http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20160921/41473052770/congreso-aprobara-comision-investigacion-operacion-catalunya.html ) , which boast behind doors of [ how they 've destroyed catalan public services ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?sourceid=chrome-psyapi2&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;q=les%20hemos%20destrozado%20la%20sanidad&amp;oq=les%20hemos%20&amp;rlz=1c1teua_engb706gb706&amp;aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0l5.4486j0j4 ) - i think it 's reasonable to want to leave . 
  painting it all as selfish economic egotism is quite simply a lie , one of the old stereotypes that catalans are tight-fisted . 
  this started before the crisis with the * estatut * , and in any case the economic deal goes far beyond simple ` solidarity ' , it is quite [ simply an outrage . 
  ] ( http://www.ara.cat/politica/lestat-inverteix-catalunya-mitjana_0_1590440972.html ) the catalan right-wing you rail against are currently polling at only 17-19 seats ( from 135 ) in the catalan parliament ; in any case they 're republicans who define themselves as social democrats and are trying to pass a budget which is more social than any from the triparty era . 
  in a catalan republic they 'd be largely irrelevant - between erc ( who are , if lse are to be believed , economically between the psoe and podemos ) , psc , the cup and ecp there would be a clear left-wing majority . 
  that , of course , is not to mention the cultural issue . 
  catalan language and culture would cease to be treated as second class , as it is under the spanish constitution . 
  catalan , contrary to what most people believe , is in quite a bad way and is only getting worse . 
  it 's actually from a poll in el peri\u00f3dico , a unionist paper in catalonia . 
  it 's not saying 79 % are pro-independence , it 's saying that in a unilateral referendum , which most unionists would boycott , 79 % of those who say they 'd go are yes voters . 
  very important difference there . 
  ignoring the issue of turnout , opinion polls suggest it 's fairly evenly split with a lead for the independence side . 
  exactly , we all have to grow up and leave home - especially when it 's an abusive home . 
  catalonia should leave , spain has given them no other choice . 
  yes , probably . 
  it 's fairly simple , promise to declare independence if they win , turnout will be at an acceptable level despite many no voters still boycotting , and then fulfill . 
  if catalonia is n't independent by this time next year they never will be . 
  with a low turnout ( 63 % ) . 
  more accurate picture in the following image . 
  google translate is pretty good these days . 
  the figure is including a high abstention . 
  with a full turnout it 's 54 % yes , once undecideds and those who would n't vote are taken out . 
  http://estaticos.elperiodico.com/resources/jpg/0/3/gesop12i2016-referendum-660-1481995402730.jpg pretty much all the polls have independence winning , it 's whether their politicians will be able to deliver a unilateral referendum - and then whether they will go through with the declaration . 
  there 's not much they can do short of suspending catalania 's autonomy , which they do n't have the means to uphold and would look terrible on the international stage . 
  the catalans hold all the cards , it 's whether they really have the nerve to go through with it . 
  the catalan government , the generalitat , has promised to hold a referendum on independence by the end of september , with or without the permission of madrid . 
  the chances of a agreement between the spanish and catalan governments are about as good as my chances of a threesome with beyonc\u00e9 and the reanimated corpse of marilyn monroe . 
  85 % of voters in catalonia say they want a referendum , but many currently say they would not vote in a unilateral ( and thus , according to the spanish government , illegal ) referendum . 
  whether this changes if unilateral independence looks a credible threat is up to debate . 
  we 're only eight months out but there are no campaigns , no date , no rules ( will there be a quorum for instance ) . 
  meanwhile spain is going about prosecuting catalan politicians and activists for such crimes as burning pictures of the king or saying ` to make an omelette you have to break some eggs ' , or even more shockingly processing the speaker of the catalan parliament for allowing a debate and vote on the constituent process . 
  pro-independence politics is at one step from being illegal at this point . 
  where 's the eu ? 
  nowhere to be seen . 
  speaking as a resident of madrid , they 've really got iberia down . 
  tv3 ens indoctrina !, 
  when people vote the right way , no one mentions this stuff . 
  rouen has a particularly bad banlieue . 
  again , it 's merely an observation . 
  the actual quote is : ` having a large muslim population is the best way to ensure that your country 's a shithole . ', 
  i stand by it . 
  it does n't make me a white supremacist or a nazi . 
  i having nothing but contempt for both those groups . 
  lighten up , it 's a joke . 
  i mean that politicians and big business are in favour of mass immigration . 
  to me it seems like a fairly uncontroversial statement , based on observation . 
  not really sure it would be code for . 
  if i 'd said zionist elites or some conspiracy nonsense you 'd have a point . 
  true tbf , no reason why we ca n't regress though . 
  i will bet you my left bollock they will not start talking about assault lorries . 
  i was n't suggesting civilisation will fall , but normalised terrorist violence , social fracture etc. 
  are very real threats . 
  they 're factual statements . 
  let 's start calling spades spades again . 
  obviously it 's easier for you to just scream racist and nazi at people , but i 'd like to see some reasoned arguments . 
  i hope you 're right , but i fear that this is only going to more and more common . 
  lorries are n't designed to kill , guns are . 
  you honestly think our terrorist problem would n't be much worse if we had easily accessible , powerful guns ? 
  get out of our sub , clueless yanks . 
  not really analogous is it ? 
  lorries are necessary , normal people do n't need assault weapons . 
  you sound like a yank with that reasoning . 
  low birth rates , our obsession with a constantly growing economy and the acceptance of the need for mass immigration from elites probably means we 're fucked in western europe . 
  today several people were in court here in madrid for burning images of the king . 
  one of hundreds of reasons for leaving this corrupt , train-wreck of a country . 
  sounds like you 've fallen for the lies of the jew media . 
  most young people here do n't even vote , those that do are n't necessarily a good representative of what our generation believes . 
  or 40 % of scots . 
  oh wait we 're only supposed to shit on the english , woops . 
  yep , and in the case of benidorm , menorca and mallorca the vast majority of those non-integrated people are spaniards who ca n't so much as say ` bon dia ' after decades living there . 
  the behaviour of british people abroad is awful , i 've seen documentaries on brits on the costa del sol and it 's embarrassing . 
  does n't mean we should n't demand our immigrants to conform to our culture . 
  i do n't agree that people should change their names , that 's too much . 
  but if you refuse to respect the values of your society , what do you expect - an example would be wearing a veil or a headscarf . 
  really impressive levels of stupidity here . 
  i live in madrid and speak spanish , catalan and italian , so in any case you can get to fuck if you think you 're in a position to lecture me on english people integrating . 
  and it 's not specifically english people , other brits behave in exactly the same way as us abroad . 
  i have no idea what you 're getting at , please elaborate . 
  when in rome do as the romans do . 
  it 's not much different . 
  give us 50 years and most of our major cities will be . 
  when someone is indoctrinated from birth the threat of violence generally is n't necessary . 
  right but we 'll go down with a smug sense of moral superiority , so i 'm sure it 's worth it . 
  there are parts of england ( and i mean england , it does n't happen in scotland or wales ) which are n't english in any way . 
  where do you live ? 
  i saw them every day in manchester and on my occasional ventures to brum and the capital they 're bloody everywhere . 
  well according to some guy i was talking to on the uk board there 's no such thing as british identity or values , so these people are just as british as we are . 
  advocating integration is not victim blaming you turnip . 
  if you eat fish you 're not a vegetarian , just as if you eat chicken or beef or anything which has been slaughtered you 're not a vegetarian . 
  saying that catalonia is more similar to andalusia than sicily to lombardy is nonsense and makes you sound like a spanish nationalist .
