  elections never get much higher than 60 % but one would hope that people would care enough about what country it is they 're living in to get out and cast a vote . 
  quebec 's 1995 referendum got 93.525 after all . 
  none of the separatist movements in france have much popular support at all . 
  most of the ones you list are more regionalist that separatist . 
  he made sure there was no option for ` devomax ' too , which is what most scots wanted . 
  he 's done very well for himself really . 
  the celts did n't contribute much genetically either , nor the first farmers . 
  the biggest contributors to modern british genetics is the first settlers , hunter-gatherers who came after the retreat of the ice . 
  england and scotland has had more settler dna , wales , cornwall and ireland less . 
  nate silver , the statistician who got 50/50 states right in last years 's us presidential election , and got 49/50 in 2008 , said yes campaign has virtually no chance whatsoever . 
  scotland will stay in the uk . 
  scotland only got a devolved parliament in the late 1990s , probably later than catalonia did . 
  aryan has a meaning outside of nazi race theory . 
  gelato and pizza . 
  nuff said . 
  their football team . 
  as my great x3 grandfather was from lombardy i support them in tournaments when england crash out . 
  was genuinely upset when they lost to france in 2000 and happy when they won in 2006 . 
  it 'll be the closest i get to experiencing such things with my own country . 
  i 'm surprised the football issue is n't more of a problem for the catalans too . 
  they 'd still be decent but no where near good enough to win the world cup . 
  i love that this was posted by a latvian . 
   languages as a whole are becoming more intelligible have you got any examples of this ? 
  dialects are perhaps dying out but i do n't think distinct languages are merging together . 
  perhaps it 's different for slavic languages which have varying degrees of mutual intelligibility . 
  followed the link about serbs in croatia . 
  the rather depressing effects of the war : [ 1991 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/serbs_in_croatia_1991_%28modern_administrative_division%29.jpg ) [ 2011 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b9/serbs_in_croatia.jpg ), 
  zero chance of this happening in case anyone 's worried . 
  well we only ever controlled a part of what makes up the modern day usa , as you can [ see here ] ( http://www.edmaps.com/territorial_acquisitions_1776-1866.jpg ) . 
  ... if britain left the eu ? 
  the area labelled as german actually has several different languages . 
  alemannic aka swiss german , austro-bavarian and low german all have millions of speakers , and other languages with fewer also exist ( e.g. 
  saterland frisian ) . 
  sometimes these languages are labelled as simply dialects of german but they 're as distinct as the romance languages . 
  islam makes the catholic church 's take on sexuality look healthy and normal . 
  i remember doing one when i was in school . 
  was roughly where die grunen are . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7c/polish-lithuanian_commonwealth_1635.svg better if you have hover zoom . 
  i know that valencia and the balearics are n't part of catalonia but they are traditionally catalan speaking are n't they ? 
  that 's what i meant , though perhaps it was n't very clear . 
  roast or mashed potatoes and gravy too . 
  probably right . 
  turnout 's always low and the anti-eu people are generally more motivated . 
  they came second last time and with their surge in popularity and dave 's lack of it they could well be top . 
  you want your homeland to be invaded ... i hope that 's a joke . 
  galicia is more likely than valencia imo but neither are at all likley in the short to medium term . 
  agreed , they 're simply not . 
  gb and ireland are separate . 
  northern : scandinavia and iceland western : low countries and france southern : iberia and italy central : germany , switzerland , austria south east : former yugoslavia , albania and greece east : western and eastern slavs , baltics , romanians , hungarians and bulgarians, 
  stronger beer meaning less consumed perhaps ? 
  cider has also undergone a huge boom in recent years and is now very popular with the young . 
  about 1 % of britain 's population is polish-born and we have hundreds of thousands of other eastern europeans as well . 
  it does sound eastern european , that 's nothing to do with ignorance of other languages , it 's just a fact that it has sounds not heard in other romance languages which are heard in slavic languages . 
  google it , it seems to be something a lot of people think the first time they hear it . 
  as for a scandinavian language sounding chinese ... well i honestly find that very hard to believe as they do n't have remotely similar sounds . 
  that 's supposed to be american rather than english english but still gives an idea of how english sounds to foreigners . 
  as does this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj5tl1l9qyq#t=1m37s, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj5tl1l9qyq how english sounds , apparently . 
  i 've played clips of people speaking portuguese to people and without fail they think it 's russian . 
  sounds so different to spanish . 
  seriously ? 
  you 're scared of england 's crime rate ? 
  that 's pretty ridiculous , i 'm fairly sure i 've never even seen a crim0 in my 20 years . 
  people do n't actually know anything about boris ' politics , they just think he 's funny . 
  he 's a good personality politician . 
  i would have thought of a europhile as someone from outside of europe who loves it . 
  you could n't get an english anglophile , do n't see how you can have a european europhile . 
  this is for under-25s , source : http://www.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2013/05/31/le-taux-de-chomage-atteint-un-nouveau-record-dans-la-zone-euro_3421733_3234.html, 
  nope , nope i 'm not . 
  the taliban are a thoroughly nasty group , but i would n't call them islamists . 
  islamism is a particular ideology . 
  nope , honestly was n't , ca n't be arsed to argue politics over reddit . 
  he just used the word islamists in a way to imply that he thinks that the words muslim and islamist are interchangeable , which they are not . 
  you 're arguing against something i have n't said . 
  just pointing out the difference between terms which the poster was clearly confused about . 
  i 'm not here to defend islam . 
  i was n't disputing that rather harshly made point , just saying that there 's a difference between islamism and islam . 
  islamists = / = muslims . 
  islamism is a political ideology that believes in sharia law and pan-islamic unity . 
  muslims are just followers of islam . 
  i agree that it 's likely that we 'd vote to stay in , but it would be closer than av referendum - assuming there were competent campaigns on both sides for this one . 
  i hear a lot more negative things about the eu than positive , why this is i could n't say but if it came down to it i think the arguments for staying in would most likely win . 
  that said it would n't be the biggest surprise in the world if we voted to get out , especially if we do n't win some concessions and change our relationship . 
  may end up being a pointless discussion anyway as the tories will probably lose the next election and we wo n't get a referendum . 
  i have n't watched any of it this year , as i rarely ever do , just noticed the thread on reddit and thought i 'd mention it . 
  i do n't think it 's ever even been close , certainly not in the uk . 
  if cameron had actually delivered on his promise on an eu referendum then i would n't be surprised if we 'd voted to get out , the eu is not at all popular here . 
  few of those who prefer to stay in the eu would want a eu superstate either . 
  in case any of you were labouring under any illusions , this competition has n't an iota of significance in the uk , hence our terrible offerings every year . 
  have a cypriot friend whose uncle was never found , very sad stuff . 
  does that mean that italian football player , di natale , is called ` of christmas ' ? 
  i assume you 're for it from our flair . 
  how likely is it to happen ? 
  will it affect basque independence hopes ? 
  cameron 's for it , the government want to implement it before the next election . 
  he even wants [ to allow churches ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-20642428 ) to hold same-sex marriages . 
  boris johnson has been elected mayor of london twice because people think he 's funny . 
  i 'm convinced if he ever becomes leader of the tory party they 'll win the election convincingly . 
  rather a large ` if ' , do n't you think ? 
  the polls are n't very encouraging for the snp ; obviously scotland could have another referendum 15-20 years down the line but it seems unlikely that there 'll be an independent scotland in the immediate future , and unionism will probably remain strong in the other constituent parts as a consequence .
