  what i mean was you do n't have the power to unilaterally call a referendum , you have to have the power given to you from the uk government . 
  yes it is . 
  if scotland goes , that 's it , they ca n't come back . 
  scotland has nothing to complain about , they get a much better deal than england . 
  more money , self-government - while still being able to vote on english issues , and then complaining when it 's proposed this disgusting double standard is removed . 
  i mean honestly if anyone should want independence it should be us , get shot of those whiny haggis chasing inbreds once and for all . 
  such an important question as independence should n't be revisited every few years . 
  it 's not like electing a government , it 's an irreversible change . 
  you have no right to have another referendum . 
  the tories wo n't let you have another so soon after the first , and that 's completely fair . 
  you need to stop destabilising the country with your absurd nationalism . 
  the people said no , get over it . 
  just go on incognito . 
  i actually speak it quite well , had a catalan girlfriend for a while . 
  the things we do for love eh ? 
  when are we going to see some opinion polls on the elections ? 
  la raz\u00f3n had one the other day but i do n't trust those fascists at all . 
  outside catalonia very few , and more or less no politicians , believe in the right of self-determination . 
  they see it as something all the spanish have to decide , which is why imho there is little to no chane of it actually happening . 
  junts pel s\u00ed acutally , in catalan per + el is pel . 
  does anyone honestly see us as being like america ? 
  only ever heard that on reddit , a site known for a usership detached from reality . 
  take away language and the ability to make music which is n't completely shit and we have more or less nothing in common . 
  in britain poland will always be eastern europe . 
  add the former yugoslavia to eastern and that 's how i see it . 
  i could n't imagine anything worse . 
   1 ) a muslim-majority country . 
  it wo n't be affected by conflicting cultural values ah they 're all muslims . 
  that 's fine then , kurds and turks are both muslims too , and there are no issues there , right guys ? 
  no cultural issues as long as you 're the same religion , and who would n't want millions of poor refugees in your country ? 
  yes it does , so you 're not so far off . 
  i think scotland was never an issue and the vast majority wanted you to stay or were apathetic . 
  but after a good year of endless bleating a lot have become quite sick of scotland now . 
  i 've actually found quite a lot of hostility towards catalonia in other parts of spain , especially andalucia . 
  ` que se vayan y tomar por el culo ' seemed to be the general sentiment of those i spoke with . 
  not even sure how you 'd do that , all the resources are in english i 'd imagine . 
  that said i 'd wager there 's at least one breton who 's learnt his sister language without knowing english too well . 
  he 's almost certainly had a stroke then , the last welsh monoglots were already ancient in the 1960s , i doubt any made it past the early 1980s . 
  sometimes however people lose language skills after a stroke , leading to a tiny number of cases like that one . 
  everyone born in the 1920s had an education and everyone learnt english . 
  not all cofe bishops , just a small handful of them . 
  they do a decent veggie burger actually . 
  most of these people are economic migrants from sub saharan \u00c1frica , not refugees . 
  bar the highlands and hebrides scotland is no more celtic than england . 
  this shows one of the main reasons why basque and catalan sovereigntism is so popular , and why it is so vehemently opposed by madrid . 
  i was going to use dius actually , should have gone with my gut !, 
  thanks , i 'm going to barna and tarragona for a few weeks this summer so hoping to use it a fair bit . 
  most of europe had nothing to do with colonialism . 
  sweden accepts the most immigrants ( per capita ) of any european country , perhaps any in the world , and it had bugger all to do with that . 
  britain , the basques and catalans will never be allowed to leave . 
  sorry what revisionist history are you peddling ? 
  big difference between israeli arabs and the arabs living in occupied territory . 
  the latter are simultaneously denied their own state , while having their land slowly annexed , yet have no right to israeli citizenship . 
  it 's just true though , in europe far-right organisations have always tended to be anti-semitic . 
  segregated living too . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:white_birmingham_2011_census.png http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_birmingham#/media/file:asian_birmingham_2011_census.png http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_birmingham#/media/file:black_birmingham_2011_census.png, 
  85,000 refugees per year arriving in a country of 9.5 million ... that 's fucking nuts . 
  the equivalent of us letting in over 500k refugees a year , this is going to fundamentally change swedish society for the worse . 
  same thing in north america for the most part . 
  are you sure about siestas , because my spanish ex always had an afternoon nap ? 
  farage actually gets his name from a belgian ancestor . 
  yep , most swedes i 've seen are pretty plain actually . 
  i met someone from groningen who said it was fine to say holland . 
  people in the 18-24 age bracket voted no according to ashcroft 's poll ... 
  but it was n't like they had whole states speaking different languages , that some small communities kept their language alive s hardly analogous to the situation in europe . 
  that 's not sarcastic though , it really would be hard . 
  great comeback , which great thinker are you quoting there ? 
  you do n't have to use the word bigot to accuse someone of being one . 
  clearly you 're incapable of reasoned debate , so please fuck off . 
  i do n't mind yanks here but i make exceptions for melts like you . 
  just a suggestion : do n't baselessly accuse people of being bigots . 
  it 's a poor way of arguing your point , and it also tends to piss people off . 
  that immigration to western european countries is very different in nature to immigration to america is a fact , slinging shit at people who even mention it does n't make you look very clever . 
  our immigrants are very different from yours . 
  those yanks laugh at anything , putting on a shit russian accent got him a clap ffs . 
  he 's not even funny . 
  no , it 's because their party collapsed in on itself . 
  most people left , it had financial issues , griffin left , and it ended up running a tiny number of candidates and having next to no publicity . 
  point was that after the failure of the snp on the referendum they actually got much stronger . 
  if 45 % of the population vote for leaving the eu it 's hardly a foregone conclusion that the only eurosceptic party will then wither and die , and in reality has every chance of flourishing and pulling in lots of voters who were convinced that we should leave . 
  higher . 
  50 % of voters - let 's forget the stupid fucks that do n't vote . 
  tories only got 37 % of the vote . 
  the rise of the snp owes more to disillusionment with a labour party seen as having betrayed its values than anything . 
  this goes back decades to the start of new labour , they 've been in trouble up there for a while . 
  the snp have emerged as the party which best represents the values of scottish voters , which is why they 've been in power in holyrood since 2007 . 
  also , note that sturgeon has repeatedly played down the idea of a new referendum - the success of the snp is at this election is not owed to nationalist feeling , which is why they are such pains to talk down the chance of independence . 
  the referendum has the potential to be a big change but it 's only loosely comparable with what has happened in scotland . 
  true but this time around they only had a tiny handful of candidates . 
  they won 564,321 ( 1.9 % ) votes in 2010 , and in 2009 had two meps elected . 
  tory vote increased in scotland and they almost got a second mp there . 
  you ca n't call a referendum without westminster 's consent , a tory government would tell the snp to shove it so soon after the first one . 
  i also think that with new powers tory rule really should n't be that much of an issue in scotland . 
  i 'd say it 's two now . 
  eu and immigration , used to be all eu . 
  good post , but in 1974 the liberals supported labour not the conservatives . 
  does anyone really think of them as european ? 
  what are you on we 're nothing like america ( bar language , and even then only just ) . 
  do n't know what model they use but having ukip on 1 given recent polls in south thanet and thurrock , plus the near certainty of clacton , is clearly wrong . 
  all the models seem to rather optimistic about the number of english seats labour will take off the tories , i 'm sceptical tbh , think they 'll struggle to get as many as that says given that they 're losing scotland .
