  [ 82 ] from the rest of what you 've said i see no evidence for your original claim : ` what happened to aborigines in australia and natives in canada . 
  they were systematically and intentionally eliminated out of racial hatred . ', 
  i mean [ this source ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/thunder-bay/sterilization-of-indigenous-women-an-act-of-genocide-new-book-says-1.3205816 ) is talking about canadian government policy in the 1970s , long after they left the empire . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.thestar.com/opinion/commentary/2015/06/10/cultural-genocide-no-canada-committed-regular-genocide.html ) also has nothing to do with the empire , it 's about the canadian government 's policies in the 1950s and beyond . 
  i 'm not saying the british empire did n't do some awful things , but calling it genocidal and saying it was as bad as the third reich is absurd . 
  you clearly do n't know anything about the issue . 
  i do n't . 
   in other words , what happened to aborigines in australia and natives in canada . 
  they were systematically and intentionally eliminated out of racial hatred . 
   again , give me one source for this . 
  i doubt you 'll find anyone saying it , as it 's completely untrue . 
  the problem with dialect maps like these is they show discrete borders . 
  accents often change gradually , so having warrington in the brown zone with upton-upon-severn and not in the same zone as liverpool or manchester is just bizarre . 
  nah accent of kent/essex is just plain ugly . 
  went to a uni in the south where most had that ugly quasi-cockney accent . 
  it 's no better for england . 
  just looking at where i 'm from , having basically the whole of the west midlands and cheshire the same ( bar the urban areas ) is pure nonsense . 
  i can tell you than people from south worcestershire do not sound at all alike people from north worcestershire , let alone to people from warrington . 
  this map is a bad joke . 
   historian henry reynolds says there was a widespread call from settlers during the frontier wars for the `` extirpation '' or `` extermination '' of the aboriginal people . 
  but he has contended that the british government acted as a source of restraint on settlers ' actions . 
  reynolds says there is no evidence the british government deliberately planned the wholesale destruction of indigenous tasmanians -- a november 1830 letter to arthur by sir george murray warned that the extinction of the race would leave `` an indelible stain upon the character of the british government '' -- and therefore what eventuated does not meet the definition of genocide codified in the 1948 united nations convention . 
  he says arthur was determined to defeat the aboriginal people and take their land , but believes there is little evidence he had aims beyond that objective and wished to destroy the tasmanian race . 
  debate is not settled . 
  hardly anyone there speaks it there these days though , france was much more effective than spain in achieving linguistic conformity . 
  see : precipitous decline of occitan , breton , basque etc. 
  galician is the most spoken regional language . 
  https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/idiomas_de_espa%c3%b1a table here shows that a higher percentage of the galician population has galician as their mother tongue than in any of the other bilingual communities . 
   you need a citation for the genocide of the natives in canada ? 
  you need a citation for the genocide of aborigines in australia and tasmania ? 
  you need a citation for the tens of millions of south asians the british starved to death with their manufactured famines ? 
  i ca n't tell if you are serious or not ? 
   yes . 
  i 've never heard anyone who actually matters ( ie . 
  not marxist activists ) saying that the british empire committed genocide , which is ` the intent to systematically eliminate a racial , ethnic , religious , linguistic , cultural or national group . ', 
  the transatlantic slave trade was an atrocity , but i think people forget that , as you said :  slavery has happened through out human history [ just look at when some arab countries abolished it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abolition_of_slavery_timeline#1900.e2.80.93present ) . 
  1962 for saudi arabia and 1968 for yemen . 
  the [ arab slave trade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_slave_trade ) trafficed as many if not more people than the transatlantic one . 
  personally i do n't feel proud of things i had nothing to do with , and colonialism to put it lightly involved a lot of rather unsavoury things . 
  people are ignorant and nationalistic , coming from a country where almost half voted for a senseless rupture you should know that . 
  speak for yourself . 
  you ca n't blame schools for everything , in the age of the internet anyone with an inquisitive mind is a few seconds away from finding the answers to any question they want to know . 
  also you have to consider parents as well , education should n't just be given by schools . 
  people are fucking stupid and ignorant and that will never change because most of them do n't care . 
  ireland 's relationship with britain has defined its history , the same can not be said for us . 
  i think it 's a shame that many brits do n't know much of our own history , but it was always going to be the case that you knew more on that particular area than us . 
  ` genocide is the intent to systematically eliminate a racial , ethnic , religious , linguistic , cultural or national group . ', 
  when did that happen ? 
  i 'm no imperialist but there 's no need for hysterical ahistorical bullshit . 
  tbh i 've never heard much negative things about the poles , pretty much everyone says they 're hard workers , come to work not to claim etc. 
  exactly . 
  puerto rico is a colony though , not part of the us . 
  no there are n't , there are no monoglot speakers of any of the celtic languages and there have n't been for decades . 
  no , and there have n't been for decades . 
   some older people in welsh-speaking communities have next to no english . 
  unless they 've had a stroke , this is not true , the last welsh monoglots died at the very latest in the early 1980s . 
  there may be people who do n't like using english , but everyone in wales is competent in english . 
  it 's complete and utter nonsense , there are no welsh monoglots bar small children and old people who have had strokes , let alone communities . 
  there are barely a handful of wards now where over 80 % claim to speak welsh . 
  have you ever even been here ? 
  complete bollocks . 
   there 's really no need to learn english if you 're polish , for example . 
  unless you want a job that is . 
  there are many people here who speak poor english , but complete lack of english skills is no where near 2 % . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21259401 probably lower than the real number as immigrants are generally under-reported , but it 's still clearly no where near 2 million . 
  it is closer to 0.5 % , this is bollocks . 
  the census only found 138,000 people who ca n't speak english . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21259401 138,000 that 's about 0.2 % . 
  dae native speakers ca n't even speak their own language . 
  lol fucking plebs and their accents . 
   if at the beginning of the war and during the war twelve or fifteen thousand of these hebrew corrupters of the people had been held under poison gas , as happened to hundreds of thousands of our very best german workers in the field , the sacrifice of millions at the front would not have been in vain . 
   http://www.hitler.org/writings/mein_kampf/mkv2ch15.html rather unfortunate source , seems to be some fort of hitler worship website . 
  he said that ww1 could have been prevented if just 10 or 15 thousand jews had been gassed . 
  yeah the body count is what tipped me off . 
  hitler was german . 
  the idea that austrians are n't germans is a very recent one , before ww2 austrians were considered germans . 
  now of course ` german ' is conflated with being from the state of germany , obviously this was not always so as germany is a relatively young country . 
  some of the rebel generals like queipo de llano and yag\u00fce have to be up there . 
  hitler talked about gassing the jews in mein kampf . 
  i 'm not saying he had a long term plan , to this day the role he played in the holocaust is still hotly debated , but i think you 're underplaying him here . 
  nazism was effecively hitlerism . 
  the population was actually mostly against the split . 
  this is n't really true , most of their attacks were on the military . 
  not that they did n't kill civilians too , but it was n't anything like indiscriminate . 
  also , to look at the deaths in the troubles and only mention the ira is wrong , loyalist paras did their fair share or butchering too . 
  got a bit confused there , as raf here means royal air force . 
  calling the raf ` terrorist ' from a german perspective , while nonsense , is somewhat understandable given the allied bombing campaign in ww2 . 
  but i 'm guessing you mean the italian one . 
  also needs pointing out that the ira were n't the only terrorists around in northern ireland , loyalists did their fair share of killing too . 
  plus eta set off bombs all over spain . 
  personally i think it 'd be better . 
  as an englishman i have to say the incessant nationalist noise gets a bit tiresome , they 'd be better off separate . 
  edit : that said i suppose there 's a difference between the relationship between the actual people , and the governments . 
  they almost had to go to elections again , until a last-minute deal yesterday between the two independence groups in the parliament . 
  the sticking point was the previous president , artur mas , who the left wing cup had promised not to support . 
  he swore not to back down , but ultimately did . 
  the supreme court struck down the declaration , but the pro-indie groups have basically said they no longer recognise the supreme court . 
  the slogan * un sol poble * looks a bit silly when you see that a good quarter of the parliament wo n't even sing the catalan national anthem . 
  interesting times ahead in spain . 
  will the psoe cave in and back rajoy now ?
