  obviously you 're joking , but obama has quite a high approval rating here , people wo n't vote out just to be bloody minded - or if they do it wo n't just be because of obama , but the myriad warnings and admonitions we receive from the establishment . 
  voting leave being associated with racism and xenophobia , which an nf intervention would obviously worsen , is a hindrance to the leave campaign though . 
  it 's not . 
  anyone who claims that a language is somehow uniquely hard to learn does n't know what they 're talking about . 
  obviously , depending on your maternal language and experience learning other languages , some languages can be more difficult - so for example for native english speakers it 's far easier to learn dutch than turkish , as both english and dutch are west germanic languages , whereas turkish is n't even indo-european . 
   destableness i believe the word is instability . 
  ` apolitical ' but with a union jack . 
  i 'm guessing you 're not totally apolitical . 
  no one really talks about the uk or british abroad , it 's england and the english . 
  some tweets aimed at showing the absurdity of this particular criticism , from a catalan politician . 
   the next time you hear someone lament the rape of a friend ask him if he had the same reaction to rapes in congo   the next time you attend a funeral because of a traffic accident the priest should remind the family that theirs is one of many   the next time someone laments domestic violence in madrid you 'll have to check if they 're protesting at the same time for the same thing in mexico   so , i must n't mourn the dead of brussels without mourning for ankara . 
  but what about sudan ? 
  which one should my grief go to ? 
  filipinas ? 
  met a girl from b\u00e9ziers whose grandparent spoke it at home , but yeah , among the young it 's completely dead . 
  it 's supposed to be representing the cornish language . 
  bit pointless given only a few enthusiasts speak it . 
  i wonder why andalucia has such high unemployment . 
  could n't be anything to do with the culture ? 
  it 's the main reason why i wo n't be going to the south for my erasmus year . 
  you ca n't compare the situation to euskadi , because spanish has been the main language in the large cities and araba for centuries . 
  a system as they have in the basque country could lead to segregation based on language . 
  more than that , it simply should n't be an option in catalonia . 
  when you go and live somewhere you should respect the culture there , and a massive part of that is the language . 
  i find english people who go and live in spain without learning more than five words an embarrassment , even a disgrace . 
  equally spaniards should be ashamed of their countrymen and women who have lived in catalonia for decades without bothering to learn what is ultimately a very similar language . 
  you need a system like they have in finland or switzerland , where the ` lenguas propias ' are the only official one in their respective areas , and all official at a state level . 
  clearly for those with other first languages , whether spanish people in the balearics , or arab speakers all across spain , they should learn to read and write their native languages too , but no one should be obliged to learn a language which is not the historic language . 
  of course this wo n't happen . 
  even lots of catalan politicians , to the exasperation of linguists , claim spanish will be official in an independent catalonia , which is nothing short of lunacy . 
  which is the why spanish will continue replacing the other languages , and one day spain will be just like france . 
  not a clue how to say conchobhar but iirc t 's the irish version of my name . 
   relatively simple parlo-parli-parla-parliamo-parlate-parlano-parlavo-parlavi-parlava-parlavamo-parlavate-parlavano-parlai-parlasti-parl\u00f2-parlammo-parlaste-parlarano = talk-talks-talked . 
  we could go on - two different auxiliary verbs for past for example , with agreement in one ( sono tornato , sei andata , siamo statti , ho mangiato ) there are loads of irregulars too , as with the other romance languages . 
  as with any language prepositions are difficult to get a hand of , and the use of ne and ci are idiomatic and difficult ( me ne frego ! ) . 
  then there 's the subjunctive , which is a nightmare for english speakers . 
  italian grammar has got plenty of complexities , at least for english speakers . 
  already knowing spanish has helped me a huge amount though . 
  unfortunately we 've done a much better job of obliterating our minority cultures than in spain . 
  no , it is not compulsory to learn in welsh as that would be impossible - only 11 % of welsh people speak it fluently , an entire school system in welsh simply is n't possible ( although they do have to learn it up till 16 , which generally is very ineffective ) . 
  i think it 'd be great if they moved towards being a bilingual society , with everyone educated in welsh as happens in catalonia . 
  wo n't happen though as there is n't the will and the language is too far gone . 
  you seem to think it absurd that children in catalonia study in catalan , that somehow a people teaching children their language in their own land is an imposition , betraying your supremacist attitude , one held by most spanish people . 
  catalan is the language of catalonia and children being educated in it is the most natural thing in the world - or should be . 
  it 's not necessarily ` far-right ' to oppose it , you can just as easily be against languages from the left ( the labour party for instance was against welsh in wales as they thought it reduced ` working class solidarity ' between the welsh and the rest of the country ) . 
  it is , however , as far as i am concerned , totally wrong . 
  destroying other languages is n't a good thing - and that 's coming from the most secure language and culture in the world . 
  obviously others like you are stuck in an imperialist mindset and therefore ca n't agree . 
  i understand that most spanish people have fallen hook , line and sinker for the monolingual , unitanional idea of spain . 
  that the only language is spanish , that catalonia and the basque country are no more than regions . 
  do n't worry it 's going where you want . 
  all the linguistic surveys show it . 
  in 2003 46 % used catalan as their habitual language and 47.2 % used spanish , in 2013 only 36.3 % and 50.7 % used spanish . 
  the difference is made up by about 5 % who use both and then people who speak foreign languages , the vast majority of which end up learning spanish over catalan because spanish , as previously mentioned , has a position of privilege over catalan in catalonia . 
  galicia and baleares are completely fucked when you look at the generational gaps , and valencian is fading into insignificance too . 
  i have n't called c 's a far-right party , i suggest you try honing your comprehension skills . 
  ah yes boadella , the man who said that the catalans would be better off if their language died . 
  no one better represents the ultra-nationalistic , linguicidal fanatacism of the spanish right . 
  defending co-officiality is an utter joke . 
  wales has only one official language : welsh . 
  england and the us have none . 
  why ? 
  because firstly foreign languages , as english is to wales and spanish is to catalonia , should not be official . 
  and secondly , because strong languages ( english here in england , spanish in spain ) do not need to be official . 
  co-officiality is a way of enforcing an inequal bilingualism which as any any sociolinguist will tell you , leads to the destruction of the lesser spoken language , and as any one who has seen the linguistic data from spain 's bilingual communities , is rapidly destroying them right now in spain . 
  dialectical variation is all very well but calling valencian another language is utterly absurd and has been part of the strategy to replace the language of valencia with spanish . 
  having been to the city , at least there it 's worked pretty fucking well . 
  i am english , i have no spanish family ( bar a cousin who lives in tenerife ) nor have i ever lived in spain . 
  i study spanish at university and will be living in madrid next year . 
   i 'm not saying that catalan should be banned how magnanimous of you !, 
  it 's absolute total and utter nonsense to say that catalan is being ` shoved down people 's throats ' . 
  the only language which has ever been imposed on the people of catalonia is spanish . 
  your rampant linguistic nationalism - using france 's linguicidal model as an example to be exalted - which so many of your countrymen share , is the very reason any catalan who does n't want their culture consigned to the history books is in favour of independence . 
  catalan is the language of catalonia , to say it is shoved on people , as well as ignorant , betrays a supremacist attitude which too many spanish people have towards catalan , basque and galician culture . 
  please try and educate yourself rather than spouting out pp propaganda . 
   this is completely false in the case of ciudadanos  [ ciudadanos calling euskera a langage of imposition ] ( http://cadenaser.com/emisora/2015/12/03/ser_vitoria/1449127932_867605.html ) their cause celebre for several years , and continues being an important goal , has been to attack catalan in the few areas where it has any advantage over castilian , e.g. 
  their policy would see the hours of teaching in catalan reduced to 30 % , as the pp have done in baleares . 
  they also have are part of the ` divide and conquer ' strategy the pp have used for years to divide and attack catalan in the valencia , as evidenced by them having their page in both catalan and ` valencian ' . 
  [ abandoning the parliament to avoid voting against francoism ] http://ccaa.elpais.com/ccaa/2013/10/10/catalunya/1381424174_522781.html where are the lies ? 
  i do n't have any motivation , just calling a spade a spade . 
  and yes i am english , why on earth would i lie about that ? 
  absolutely , ciudadanos are n't far-right , but people on the far-right are at home in ciudadanos and the pp . 
   having been to barcelona , i can definitely advocate for this . 
  are you saying spanish needs promotion in catalonia ? 
  cos you 're gravely misinformed if you think that . 
  do n't take it from me , take it from a linguist from madrid , jaun carlos moreno cabrera :  en estos momentos hay una situaci\u00f3n de desequilibrio muy fuerte en favor del castellano . 
  of course if you think that it 's better that lesser spoken languages die - which is what is currently happening in valencia , baleares and galicia - i suppose you 'd think that was good . 
  catalan , despite everything , is clinging on in catalonia , but do n't worry , if the push for independence fails it 'll end up dying there too . 
  right wing parties like ciudadanos and the pp already include people from the far right , and do stuff like refuse to condemn the dictatorship and attack minority languages . 
  no real need for a specialist far right party , they already have a home . 
   just stuttering at times that 's just boris , he 's like that in english too . 
  northern ireland is not ulster . 
  3 of ulster 's countries , with 295,000 people , are part of ireland . 
  the poles , as it already is now . 
  para\u00edso fiscal = tax haven en ingl\u00e9s . 
  actually the uk has generally been for turkey 's entrance . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/11283924/david-cameron-i-still-want-turkey-to-join-eu-despite-migrant-fears.html http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/sep/30/eu.politics, 
  devolution has seriously damaged the feeling that we belong to the same country . 
  just triggered some greeks there . 
  blocked in britain .
