  why on earth would the pnv support the pp ? 
  would be foolish with autonomous elections coming up . 
  this only makes things worse , or from my point of view better . 
  was speaking to a friend who speaks spanish at home and is from andalusian roots , from a firmly anti-independence town . 
  she d : ` mai he sigut gair\u00e9 fan de l'independ\u00e8ncia xo avui estic x comen\u00e7ar a picar pala , marxem ja . . ' ` im upset to be spanish ' if catalan politicians have the balls the people will get behind them . 
  nah , pp and c ' have 167 between them , the psoe will be forced to abstain . 
  cdc was hegemonic , in this election it was the 4th biggest party in catalonia . 
  they 've suffered a huge amount for corruption . 
  also i 've seen several analyses which show the corruption in cdc is light years away from that of the pp or indeed the psoe for that matter . 
  no chance with ni , fantasy land . 
  better to translate it as heritage rather than patrimony . 
  just fyi, 
  that 's complete nonsense , there are only 1.2 million brits resident in the rest of the eu . 
  the north is just as more or less just as right wing as the south and probably the most anti-eu area of the whole uk along with the east midlands and east anglia . 
  people do n't know when asked the exact percentage of eu immigrants , what a shock , take away the ballot boxes . 
  if only the masses were as educated and enlightened as us lot on reddit , fucking plebs . 
  catalonia is the community with the least corruption in spain . 
  five images which confirm it . 
  http://media.e-noticies.com/img/20140916/mapa-corrupcio_457.jpg http://1www.ecestaticos.com/imagestatic/clipping/d1c/347/b51/d1c347b51a88232bdad5a111f4e3f5bd.jpg?mtime=1411065039 http://www.directe.cat/imatges/noticies/4-12.jpg http://www.directe.cat/imatges/noticies/7.jpg http://www.directe.cat/imatges/noticies/3-16.jpg, 
  nationalism is the belief that the nation should be congruent with the state . 
  the likes of comprom\u00eds , m\u00e9s or their galician allies are not even pro-independence , i think i 'm justified in defining them as soft nationalists . 
  same for cdc , they 've never been pro-independence , and precisely because of that catalonia will not leave , they do n't really mean it . 
  the sacred * unidad de la patria * will continue . 
  general mess of a country really , hope the catalans manage to escape . 
  c 's is even more nationalist than the pp , their entire raison d'\u00eatre is to oppose catalanism it 's why they did well in the last catalan elections . 
  as for the psoe , they sound like a francoist party when it comes to the national question . 
  podemos does have alliances with very soft nationalists , but their stance is not a nationalist one . 
  nah not really , not even spoke regularly by most and more and more degraded by the interference of castilian with every passing day . 
  huge cultural cringe as well in catalonia . 
  podemos are the only non - nationalist party in spain . 
  the most nationalistic parties are the pp , c 's and the psoe . 
  yep , agree . 
  the psoe will never pact with podemos , 4 more years of the thieves guild ruling spain . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  i do n't think they 're terribly good reasons any more though . 
  you referred to people voting to leave the eu as ` pants-on-head ' , and i 'm the one being reductionist ? 
  sorry if i do n't measure up to your high standards of debate . 
  and there we go , you spend the rest of the comment confirming what i 'd said . 
  anyone who voted for brexit is a racist/xenophobe ( ' thinly-veiled fear of ** the others ** ' ) or is just too thick/misinformed and therefore has n't reached your enlightened position . 
   pants-on-head brexit crowd ah yes , the ` everyone who disagrees with me is a fucking idiot/racist / * insert negative adjective * ' approach to politics , very mature . 
  not that accurate , tory majority was 7/1 the day before the general . 
  [ the day before the last general election , the bookies had a tory majority at 7/1 . 
  ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20150501151717/http://www.oddschecker.com/politics/british-politics/next-uk-general-election/overall-majority ) odds are useful , but they get it drastically wrong too . 
  it 's absurd that voting does n't take place on weekends , or on a day-off , as it is in many if not most democratic countries . 
  you do n't have to have a life-threatening condition , pretty sure anyone can use the nhs . 
  not really , we have very different values from united statesians . 
  with the rest , yes , we are quite similar , but with the us no . 
  are you seriously saying i should make my decision based on the possibility that we wo n't be in erasmus ? 
  exchanges will continue as they always have , in or outside the scheme - and given what 's happening in switzerland , as will financial aid for exchange students . 
  i 'm not fucking anyone , stop spouting off when you know nothing about it . 
  i understand most of you have a visceral hatred of people who vote for change , but please try and keep your ill-informed attacks to yourself . 
  students going there still get funding though . 
  students going to switzerland still get financial aid though , same as erasmus iirc what i heard in my erasmus briefing . 
  there will be arrangements made whatever happens , this will not stop exchanges . 
  so it 's selfish to not make a decision based on the potential threat to study abroad grants , something which only a tiny number of people take advantage of ? 
  okay then , thanks for that . 
  i am not going abroad because of erasmus , i would go with or without , and indeed almost went to a non-erasmus country ( argentina ) - something many students at my uni already do , and i have n't heard any complaints about how it makes life unliveable . 
  there are countries outside erasmus where you get funding as well , it 's very unlikely we wo n't have some agreement in place even if we do leave the erasmus programme . 
  how am i destroying opportunities for the people that can behind me ? 
  even if we leave erasmus , which is not assured , then there will still be exchange programmes as there always have been . 
  i am not going away because of erasmus , it 's a compulsory part of my degree and i seriously considered going to non-erasmus countries as well . 
  i made the decision which i felt was , on balance , best for the country . 
  study abroad does n't even enter into the equation there for me . 
  i have n't said the hijab should be banned , just that the idea that it 's down to a free choice is complete bullshit . 
  personally i think it should be banned for under 16s in schools , and the veil should be completely banned in certain places such as schools , courts and airports . 
  what this has to do with baptism i 'm not quite sure . 
  as have yasser arafat , henry kissinger and obama , it 's a meaningless award . 
  muslims girls as young as 6 wear the headscarf where i live , what sort of choice is it when it 's forced on you from an early age and there is not option to take it off ? 
  that some prisoners embrace their chains does n't make it a good thing . 
  ok , i may have misunderstood ` funding assured ' for ` erasmus assured ' then . 
  certainly we wo n't be out by the time i start . 
  what would cause us to leave erasmus ? 
  iirc the swiss were kicked out for putting on restrictions to migration , but then we do n't have open borders with turkey and they 're in it . 
  snore . 
  you do n't have to be in the eu to be a part of erasmus - turkey , iceland and norway are in it . 
  there is no reason to think exchanges will be be affected by brexit . 
  so no , not hypocritical . 
  lol . 
  last i checked iceland , norway and turkey are n't in the eu , yet they 're in erasmus . 
  you do n't have to be in the eu to be in erasmus - turkey , iceland and norway are in it . 
  there is no reason to think exchanges will be be affected by brexit . 
  so not very selfish actually . 
  please get your facts right before you go around insulting people . 
  erasmus has nothing to do with the eu , turkey , iceland and norway are in it . 
  so not very selfish actually . 
  please get your facts right before you go around insulting people . 
  we do know , we have been assured that erasmus next year will not be affected . 
  i 'm pretty sure my uni 's erasmus coordinator knows more about it than anyone here - and believe me , unis here are probably the most pro-eu spaces around , everyone i know is voting remain ( or are feckless , apolitical sorts who wo n't vote ) . 
  that is n't true , erasmus next year will not be affected by the referendum outcome . 
  erasmus includes non-eu countries anyway , leaving the eu will likely not affect out membership of it . 
  he does give other reasons in his comments though . 
  eu membership has nothing to do with erasmus , you can be in it outside the eu . 
  turkey , norway , iceland , liechtenstein and macedonia are all part of erasmus and switzerland used to be . 
  leaving the eu does n't mean leaving erasmus - i 'm going to catalonia next year and have been told by my uni that the vote has no effect . 
  plus eu membership has nothing to do with erasmus , you can be in it outside the eu . 
  turkey , norway , iceland , liechtenstein and macedonia are all part of erasmus and switzerland used to be . 
  off to barcelona as an erasmus student in september , voted to leave . 
  not too fussed though and expecting a remain vote . 
   palma de mallorca the name is palma . 
  it 's their politicians ' fault .
