it 's true though . 
  i do n't hate the irish by any means , but i think you 're a cunt . 
  how can you generalise the beliefs of a whole population ? 
  the germans ` hate us ' because of our alliance with the usa , france , the anzacs , canada etc , we fought against their oppressive regime whilst the roi did fuck all and remained neutral . 
  oh , the history is amazing , the county flag is one of my favourites , and essex county is home to some beautiful castles and stately homes . 
  i was just making an off-hand remark . 
  honestly , essex is probably the same as everywhere else in england , there 's good and vile people everywhere . 
  i ca n't imagine so . 
  poles have been stigmatised by the media in britain , years of indictable offences ( such as human trafficking ) are usually linked with poles . 
  there 's no real bias or prejudice around scandinavians . 
  you 're not really missing too much . 
  i wonder if there 's anyone actually with a name like that down south . 
  there 's two common english names here up north , ` smith ' and ` muhammad ' . 
  hell , more people even live in yorkshire than scotland . 
  i voted remain , you ca n't generalise a whole populous you nob . 
  and then you wonder why the average working class briton dislike the eu ... 
  bollocks they are , just because you do n't agree with a decision , does n't make you right . 
  it 's democracy . 
  it 's not the moderates i 'm worried about , the moderates do n't smuggle themselves across borders . 
  yeah , he 's certainly a mass debater . 
  if by helping , you mean overcharging the allies , whilst also selling supplies to the central powers . 
  it 's not like the supplies were gifts , the uk had to pay heavily for them , they were also being sold to all belligerents . 
  the usa is n't some omnibenevolent power like you think it is . 
  other than being brits ( because i 'm british ) , the canadians are my second favourite faction in that game , there 's nothing better than a bit of commonwealth patriotism !, 
  islam , or religion in general , has no place in europe . 
  except islam always commits bad deeds . 
  it 's a religion of death and destruction . 
  there is no cohesion with islam . 
  ` britain joins the european federation ' ? 
  i do n't mind the free press , it 's just the untrue indoctrination that comes along with it which is annoying . 
  all murdoch media is shite , and i pity the morons that read it . 
  if you stare at the sun for too long , you 'll go blind . 
  i was talking about the paper . 
  mate , the dutch are just swamp germans anyway . 
  i thought they spoke belgianese ? 
  a lot of people criticise our governments , but our strife does n't compare to yours . 
  you have my respect for standing up to that dictator . 
  all pissed tourists are annoying , not just the english . 
  sigh , people think us brits are retarded enough , then you say something like that . 
  he was roman-british , but i think he was born in wales . 
  love the flair !, 
  shite , maybe i should 've said the antonine wall . 
  i 'm sad that yorkshire is its own nation , as we 're not northumbrian !, 
  how is that game ? 
  i love eu iv , and ho iii , but i 've never bought hoiv due to the price . 
  i 'd love to buy it when it 's on discount though . 
  right ? 
  looks like a typical eu iv game to me . 
  sounds like the goal of the english democrats party . 
  except he 's a yorkshireman ? 
  mate , it 'll all be fine , we 'll just fill in the holes in hadrian 's wall with papier-m\u00e2ch\u00e9 . 
  except the snp wants to remove the nukes from the clyde , and give them back to england . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love the taste . 
  you ca n't poison a poisoned chalice , this website was already shite , it 's now just a purer concentration of shit . 
  rockall belongs to the british ( and the irish ) !, 
  that 's the real reason we voted to leave , finally you chocolate boys have uncovered our evil master plan . 
  today , president of the european union council , tomorrow , president of the world !, 
  strange argument . 
  hitler was austrian , should we therefore ban all austrians ? 
  why would we formulate immigration decisions of a whole country based on one person ? 
  nobody has a right to be in the uk , or even europe , especially not economic migrants . 
  it might 've been deliberate . 
  i 'm sorry you get grouped in with us twats . 
  maybe it 's because more people live in yorkshire than in scotland , wales , or northern ireland . 
  we do n't have a devolved parliament . 
  your location does n't entitle you to more rights than others . 
  think of it as the uk being one nation . 
  thank you mate , i hope one day that we 'll be back , under different leadership . 
  well that 's a shame , i hope one day the re-entry is possible when we realise the error of our ways . 
  thanks europe . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fenian_raids you kind of invaded canada . 
  does n't really count though . 
  jesus , that is such a fake accent , almost makes this unwatchable . 
  what a ponce . 
  alan partridge ? 
  i think the mods are pretty lenient regarding stuff like that . 
  as long as there 's some relevancy to europe , you should be fine . 
  i , for one , would like to see your pictures . 
  nobody really has an issue with this , but the majority of leave voters i 've talked with are more scared about the 1,000,000 muslim refugees that will now be classed as german citizens . 
  fucking black people . 
  notice how awful the double standard is ? 
  it made me feel awful even typing that phrase , but it 's the exact same situation . 
  downvoted for the truth . 
  you 're not even being contrary or contentious ... 
  and europe views greece as a nation that we have to keep afloat with nothing in return . 
  ... you realise that i ca n't vote in the eu parliament ? 
  i was talking in terms of my opinion . 
  turkey joining the eu is enough reason to justify brexit . 
  we 're still in europe , but this sub has such an anti-british sentiment , that they look for any reason to put the uk down . 
  who do you think is being triggered ? 
  are you so delusional to think that people have nothing better to do than be offended by a fucking flag ? 
  lol . 
  nobody is going to listen to you here , portugal , they 're too busy circlejerking . 
  this sub is cancerous if you 're from portugal or the uk . 
  how delusional can you be ? 
  in asia ... 
  joking . 
  yep, 
  poland, 
  it was a joke .
