  ahem ... armed militia which has been formed for revolution . 
  seeing revolution as a reasonable response to the way the country is being lead . 
  these are not normal things nor do they create trust in the stability of the region . 
  no wait , i was supposed to write putin , not trump . 
  i have no idea how i mixed them up . 
  but russian military has maps where finland ( and baltic countries ) are part of russia proper and putin himself has talked about how russia should regain the tsarist era borders . 
  but think positively , maybe putin will send troops to help free the russian population of finland and then the new puppet government will reannex us to novorossija . 
  i 'm sure you 'd beat us in several categories then . 
  i would like to point out that usa has armed militias that talk about violently overthrowing the government and i seem to recall a few incidents where random militias got together and had a mexican stand off with agents of law . 
  ( one was to defend a farmer who refused to pay his bills ? ), 
  and then there was the large military excercize jade helm ( had to google it because i could n't remember the name ) and not only were conspiracy theorists panicking that the president of united states of america was using it as a smokescreen to begin military takeover but even the governor of texas joined them in creating hysteria . 
  he went as far as to say that he will put the texas state militia ( which is apparently an official but tiny military force under his control ) to keep an eye on the military because he did n't even trust the national guard . 
  that might have been just a political trick to get votes from paranoid texans but that is not normal . 
  a governor said that he thinks the president is about to order the military to attack people in his own country and set himself up as a dictator . 
  each democratic country has some conspiracy theorists and opposition to government but to have armed militias or government officials supporting those crazy ideas is not normal and it is not a sign of a stable country . 
  yeah . 
  they tried to fix a mistake by making an even bigger mistake . 
  you win this round , but the game is n't over until it is ... * puts on sunglasses * finnished . 
  that was a series of escalation in stupidity . 
  how about no ? 
  how about this one ? 
  it 's missing the belgian comics i learned to love when i was a kid . 
  we will drink your milkshake !, 
  you may have beaten finland in this category but the game is not over yet . 
  * shakes puukko in anger *, 
  kinda like britain and `` harry potter tour . '', 
  best i can do for you is google-translate : https://translate.google.fi/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=fi&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.protothema.gr%2fgreece%2farticle%2f698388%2fperiergi-upothesi-sto-mouseio-tis-verginas-afrikani-katestrepse-arhaia-adikeimena-%2f&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url suspect is at large and no motive is known yet . 
  `` no invisible men . '', 
  what if they do n't find a solution though ? 
  or what if the british government decides that they do n't like the solution that eu offers and they throw a hissy fit when they realize that uk has very little negotiation power ? 
  yeah , tallinn is a nice place to visit , if you are at helsinki you can take a quick trip there relatively cheaply . 
  and then there 's the booze . 
  i really wish we were n't so silly about it but since you can fill your car with booze and save enough money to pay for the trip a lot of people go to estonia simply to get cheap alcohol . 
  a century ago finns were considered mongoloids and the meme was born when someone who read an old encyclopedia was sufficiently amused by the archaic racial science . 
  outside of reddit finland mainly cares about our eternal rivalry with sweden . 
  ... unfortunately they usually beat us in sports and economical matters . 
  finland says `` vesinokkael\u00e4in '' which is a combination of the words `` water beak animal . '', 
  but we did n't really hear about it until brexit made it a news story in our countries as well . 
  famas f1 had some nice ideas which turned out to cause problems . 
  the magazines were designed to be cheap and disposable . 
  soldier gets full magazines from supply , shoots them and drops them on the ground as he fights his way for the glory of france . 
  ... unfortunately that is expensive and instead the magazines were used again and again . 
  which did not work well because they had been made as cheap as possible and wore out quickly . 
  also , nato standard magazines could not be used . 
  the ammo problem was that due to different rifling , although the rifle can use regular 5.56 nato the accuracy is horrible unless the specific french ammo load is used . 
  they found out this in afghanistan or iraq i think when they were running out of their own ammo and started using foreign made ammo . 
  famas g2 has fixed both of these problems . 
  it can use stanag magazines and standard ammo ( which also means that in case of a war french can use ammo from their allies or give their allies ammo . 
  which is the entire reason why the nato standard ammo and stanag magazines were agreed upon . ), 
  also , i think that g2 can use rifle grenades that you fit over the barrel and you can fire a regular bullet to launch the grenade . 
  meaning that you do n't need a separate underbarrel grenade launcher or to swap a blank cartride to fire the grenade ( some guns like the finnish rk95 have a similar grenade launching capability but swapping ammo is an extra step in the process and takes time . 
  the g2 is much more convenient to use for launching rifle-grenades . ), 
  agreed . 
  either halla-aho is lying because he wants to look like the victim , or sipil\u00e4 and orpo are lying because they did n't want to admit that even if the finns do everything they ask the other parties refuse to work with them . 
  what i enjoy the most about sas is not the simple minded racism and ignorance . 
  the funniest sas moments are when i see people completely surprised of the world outside their little bubble . 
  `` what ?!, 
  i had no idea that countries outside of usa also had freedom ?!?!?! '', 
  ... and to a lesser extent i can laugh at the special type of really thin skin that seems so common in usa . 
  but all of those should be something that you can find in people from other countries as well so ses is disappointing in going for the low blows in choosing the quotes . 
  the attack on the us navy ship that usa used as casus belli for vietnam war ... 
  examples exist but usually the truth comes out . 
  nowadays when controlling information has become nearly impossible it is a huge risk to try to do something so complex . 
  because , let 's get this straight : cia ( or allied ukrainian troops ) would have needed to smuggle an anti-air missile launcher to rebel controlled region , without getting spotted by anyone , without ending up photographed by civilians or russian , fire the missile , fake radio messages between rebels ... and then escape still without getting seen when the rebels and russians are trying to find out what was happening . 
  ... and if they had done that , why the heck would the rebels and russians try to blame it on fighter planes , shoulder launched missiles and whatever and fake pictures , satellite images and spend a lot of time and energy fighting it rather than right from the start say that it was a missile but they did n't fire it ? 
  meanwhile the theory that rebels did it because they fucked up the target recognition ( or did n't bother to do it at all ) and then they and russia went into panic mode and tried several different cover ups just seems much more plausible . 
  they prevented tatars from voting . 
  literally had soldiers block the doors so that the tatar representatives could n't get in . 
  ... at the same time one of their justifications for the annexation was that russia `` wanted to protect the oppressed tatar minority in crimea . '', 
  that group is such a disappointment . 
  i am sure that we say stupid and entertaining bullshit often enough that you could put it there but the things they post there are n't even funny . 
  yeah , that radio exchange was when they made it to the crash site and realized that it had not been an ukrainian cargo plane . 
  few things : a ) that particular aa system has a separate vehicle/device for target recognition . 
  it is not known if the rebels had them or knew how to use them . 
  b ) the actual missile launcher has no method for knowing what it has a lock on , other than iff system that wo n't target russian planes . 
  c ) the most likely scenario is that rebels had the launcher and because they had previously shot down an ukrainian plane in the region assumed that this was yet another military plane . 
  `` oops . '', 
  d ) ukraine had no reason to shoot down the plane or the ability to make a believable false flag attack . 
  usa had no reason to attempt to make such a complicated false flag attack . 
  there is evidence that the launcher was evacuated to russia after the attack . 
  russia and the rebels also had no reason to shoot down civilians on purpose but the most likely scenario is that they did it by accident and then launched several attempts to blame others for it . 
  and the country that beat usa in first four rounds of the space race used metric system . 
  ( really , getting to the moon was a case of `` we 've been beaten to every other goalpost , what can we do that they are n't trying to do ? '', 
  well , they are both men and despite what the first lady may think about frenchmen she does know that her husband is 100 % heterosexual so there 's no problem there right ? 
  but she wo n't let him talk to merkel alone and the first lady will have to be there if there 's dinner involved ... 
  ... so someone released confidential information for no benefit for themselves ? 
  damaging their employers ( and for police and other government employees loyalty should matter even more than normally ) because of what ? 
  the right of the public to see blood and guts ? 
  these photos did not have any news worth . 
  there was no government conspiracy to reveal . 
  this was just a dick move that came with a heavy cost in international politics . 
  lets see if i got this right ... police in uk shared images from the scene to police in usa , presumably so that the bomb experts and whatnot in usa could offer assistance in investigating it . 
  and then someone shared the images to media in usa . 
  ... why ? 
  i mean , they probably got some money from nyt in exhange but this is likely to cost them their job and i doubt it was enough money to retire on it . 
  this is just incompetence and petty corruption . 
  `` yeah , bob here got himself enough money to buy another gas-grill and all it cost us was the respect of our comrades in uk and made the us police look like we are greedy bastards who ca n't keep secrets . 
  well done everyone . '', 
  i was just looking at the top countries and thought of how one spree killer could make monaco drop to the bottom of the list . 
  heck , just one random murder would make the country drop considerably .
