`` remember , no russian . '', 
  also funny how governments in europe insist on trying to imitate the us healthcare system . 
  finnish government is making a trainwreck out of a healthcare reform which will end up giving more and more money to the private healthcare while weakening public healthcare ( which will probably end up being used as an excuse to get rid of public healthcare completely for being a failure . 
  they are doing the same elsewhere , weakening publicly paid organizations and then claiming that private corporations will do a much better job at that job ... ), 
  actually there has been a clear drop in drinking in finland with younger generations drinking less and/or drinking responsibly while the binge drinkers are mainly older people and more and more a very small group of people who have a massive drinking problem . 
  i was curious to see if this was about one of the conspiracy theories we have in finland ( like that finland was atlantis and rather than sinking in to the sea we just forgot all our old tech and culture or that finland is the home of one of the lost tribes of israel ) instead it 's just internet humour again . 
  what a disappointment . 
  britain is leaving the eu so they have no say over what eu will do . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_and_the_united_nations#the_u.s._arrears_issue it sure would be nice if usa would actually provide funding to the un . 
  instead what usa has done since 1980s is refuse to pay and then declare that they will pay only if un does what usa demands . 
  at this point un will accept that usa pays at least a tiny fraction of what they should and are glad to get the pennies since no one thinks that they will ever pay their debts . 
  they will pick an american actor who either refuses to learn another language or ca n't even fake a foreign accent so they will instead rewrite the character into being an american ( which will also boost the ticket sales in usa as the audience can identify with the hero of the film . ), 
  ... the fact that this changes the entire premise is ignored . 
  someone pulled the `` think of the children '' argument once again when the finnish parliament took yet another vote to see if they could prevent same-sex marriage from becoming legal in a few weeks . 
  ( did n't work , the majority of finns and parliament members still support legalising it . ), 
  the argument was basically `` if we allow same-sex couples to adopt children then russia will no longer allow us to adopt russian children and it is the fault of the godless homosex people that russian children will now all die because the finns adopting them were the only thing preventing a humanitarian crisis !! 1 !! 1122 !! '', 
  ... or something like that . 
  yeah , i liked how the show was able to successfully use darker themes and even had episodes about racism and apartheid . 
  often when a kids show tries to teach about important issue it just does n't work . 
  either they mangle the message or when trying to make it `` kid friendly '' it loses the punch it was supposed to have . 
  ( i 'm looking at you captain planet . ), 
  the japanese groke was n't actually as scary ... 
  when the films were brought to finland `` something '' went wrong and the scene where groke is on he porch was shown as much darker ( as in there was less light ) making the scene scarier than it was supposed to be . 
  ( why did it go wrong ? 
  i do n't know so i am going to assume that some sort of ancient curse was involved . ), 
  and as you can see from my other comment , my point was that trump and the white house after his inauguration have been caught lying repeatedly and anyone who blindly believes them is a fool . 
  whether he fulfils 100 % of his promises or not the fact remains that whatever he says has to be fact checked and far too often he simply lies . 
  `` most watched inauquration ever . '', 
  `` bowling green massacre . '', 
  `` atlanta terrorist attack '' ( with the implication that it was done by muslims . ), 
  `` alternate facts . '', 
  the claims that media has n't been reporting terrorism ? 
  `` the murder rate in our country is the highest it 's been in 47 years , right ? 
  did you know that ? 
  forty-seven years . 
  i used to use that -- i 'd say that in a speech and everybody was surprised , because the press does n't tell it like it is . 
  it was n't to their advantage to say that . 
  but the murder rate is the highest it 's been in , i guess , from 45 to 47 years , '' `` any negative polls are fake news , just like the cnn , abc , nbc polls in the election . '', 
  claiming that the raid in yemen was a great success ? 
  have you listened to what trump and his team have said so far ? 
  hey , if i meet a person who believes what the trump government says i am going to consider them ignorant or gullible . 
  my point was that unless you have a religious reason to oppose homosexuality then your opposition is either based on simply thinking that being gay is `` icky '' or you have false information . 
  i say the latter because i have yet to find any proper scientific study that would prove that being gay is bad or that gay parents could n't raise kids . 
  ... so it is odd that so many non-religious people are homophobes when they really have no argument . 
  meanwhile i do n't think that the `` my god says that homos should burn in hell ! '', 
  folks have a good argument either but at least they have the excuse of simply following their religion . 
  ( unless of course they are merely misinterpreting their religion 's teaching to spread hate . ), 
  norway specifically requested to be part of eus nordic battlegroup and has been in it for years . 
  in fact norway is practically a paying eu member without votes in the parliament . 
  i am going to be honest and admit that the main thing that got my attention was the anthem . 
  as in `` we have an anthem ? '', 
  * uses google * ... huh , apparently we do . 
  anyway , not much to add to this at this point . 
  i still think that uk is making a mistake , still think that eu should not give uk any favours if/when they leave and still think that eu is a net gain for all its members . 
  yeah , secular homophobia is odd . 
  `` it 's unnatural ! '', 
  * says the homophobe * no it is n't we have all kinds of evidence that homosexuality exists in other animals than humans as well - `` well i think it is just gross ! '', 
  ... then do n't have sex with other guys if you do n't like it , but why are you so insistent that other people should n't have equal rights ? 
  it 's not like anyone is going to force you to watch them fuck their boyfriend or something . 
  the `` think of the children '' argument has also been proven false with scientific study but the secular homophobes do n't care about that either . 
  at least with religious homophobes they can always dig up some holy texts to base their argument on but the secular ones seem to be based only on `` i think it is gross '' which simply makes no sense as basis of law . 
  i think that people who eat snot are gross but you do n't see me demanding that they should not be allowed to marry . 
  were n't they opposed to the war and the elected politicians were the ones who started the war ? 
  so many facts and you would n't believe how many of them are alternative . 
  but the point was that you can only annex countries that used to belong to your country , so finland really has no chance no matterhow you look at it . 
  what if russia and sweden start to bicker over who gets finland ? 
  uk too . 
  ... maybe they could solve their brexit problems by taking over all of their old colonies ? 
  there was a spike in anti-vaxxers after the a ( h1n1 ) epidemic in 2009 . 
  the vaccine for it caused narcolepsy in some people and each of the cases was documented by news agencies causing hysteria . 
  and now that there was one bad vaccine ( which had been made in a hurry ) some people started complaining about the dangers of vaccinations . 
  some insist on avoiding `` unnecessary '' and only taking the reliable ones against the most dangerous diseases . 
  which at least is n't as bad as the full anti-vaxx stance . 
  actually , i was under the impression that the anti-vaxx hysteria had been dying off in finland after the news got bored of the scandal but now that i think about it more stories have been on news lately . 
  i guess there was a small pocket of virulent anti-vaxxers and that began to prey on the weakest , most gullible people , spreading their pseudo-science and now we have some sort of epidemic of the cultists here and may need to create some sort of national program where people are taught more about vaccines so that they are , shall we say * inoculated * against this type of pseudoscience . 
  all in all , anti-vaxx hysteria in finland is the same as it is in the rest of the world . 
  people scared of the rare side-effects , pseudoscience and lies about the ingredients of vaccines , misunderstandings about herd immunity , the occasional `` big pharma is just trying to make money by giving unnecessary chemicals ! '', 
  scaredycat ... have n't found out about any `` natural remedy '' salesmen making money out of this hysteria but if they are n't cashing in on this already then it is merely a matter of time . 
  yes . 
  due to war rationing ( and the best farmland of the country being on the warzone also less workers because of war needs taking a lot of manpower ) there was less food , hygiene suffered as well and with lots of people in the same places ( waiting in lines at stores , people stuck in the same bomb shelters ) the disease was able to spread and the resources to fight against it were also lacking due to war . 
  ... netherlands has less teen pregnancies than finland . 
  i guess that means that they won this round ? 
  the war time reserve was bumbed up to 290 ' 000 a while ago . 
  there is a similar joke about mathematician making coffee where he has a step by step process for it but if there have been any changes , such as someone has already made coffee and it 's in the pot , he will pour the coffee into the sink and start from beginning so that it 's the same familiar formula that he knows . 
  the problem is that a rescue service is actively choosing not to help certain people . 
  the problem is that taxes are adjusted based on what you can afford but all citizens are still supposed to get equal treatment while this for-profit service is something that poor people may not afford and therefore people are n't equal . 
  it was n't taxes . 
  the fire department was strictly for profit and would only stop fires that threaten properties that they have been hired to protect . 
  and they collect a monthly payment so they thought that if someone tries to hire them after their building has been set on fire then it 's cheating and they let it burn down . 
  a government run fire department on the other hand will have to stop fires even if the owner has n't paid taxes . 
  granted that i would assume that even libertarian fire department is required by law to help if lives are in danger . 
  there was a for-profit fire department in usa that also watched buildings burn down because the owners had n't paid for the service . 
  simple `` us vs them '' is easier for rallying people to support your cause than anything complicated like `` this tax is a good idea , but i think it should be 1,52 % rather than 1,53 % also most of the things are okayish but need to be slightly fiddled with . '', 
  did n't they recently say that they formed the `` russia-minor '' that controls the entire ukraine apart from crimea and it is the kiev government that are rebels ? 
  ( note that ussr used similar tactic when setting up the terijoki puppet government for finland . ), 
  is proof that the space station is a lie . 
  there 's a difference between ethnic cleansing and preachers coming in to convert people . 
  the swedish did n't invade finland and the language status is a much older affair than the soviet invasion of estonia which has relatively fresh scars on the nation . 
  besides , they can get russian passports by mail if they wish because russia loves to use expatriate citizens as political tools . 
  the reason why you do n't see how unusual your country is explains why you do not understand why it was n't among the most stable countries on the list .
