  85 % of people in austria are austrians , so this number strongly hints at a serious problem with immigration . 
  but no , let 's just point out that natives commit crimes too , so we can just ignore the issue !, 
  no , right-wingers when in power invariably commit mass murder and start world wars !, 
  all the other parties may run your country into the ground , but voting for the right is evil and stupid , so you must keep voting for the other fuckups . 
  because the point is the compability of those people with the societies they immigrate to , not how far they traveled to get there . 
  i know where all those places are , them being neighbors or not is n't the point . 
  how would you feel about 5 million russians ? 
  and the mod team tried to suppress that with heavy handed censorship , as recently as january . 
  because it would n't help them . 
  sea borders are hard to secure if you give a shit about human rights and international law . 
  if you try to physically keep them out , or push them back into international waters ( which greece does n't even have at their leaky border ) they hole their own boat and force the rescue according to the laws of the sea . 
  your options to keep them away are : 1 ) let them in and send them back . 
  which is very hard due to lack of papers and cooperation of home countries . 
  2 ) scare them away . 
  which is what australia does and it can scarcely be done nicely , so expect a lot of people to scream bloody murder . 
  3 ) kill them . 
   i do n't know where you get your numbers from . 
  german media probably . 
  i mean ours is bad , but theirs has reached soviet levels by now . 
  germany is already taking a disproportionate amount of refugees . 
  proportionally we took as many as you did . 
   the only hypocrisy here is yours , massively limiting the refugees you take while telling germany to take literally all of them . 
  no , it 's still yours . 
  you have had limits for months and demand from us to not have them . 
  and we do n't insist you take them . 
  we 're just done being your fucking waiting room simply because you refuse to admit you fucked up . 
  their previous policy being political suicide became too obvious . 
  basically ` put up , or shut up ! ', 
  germany keeps telling us we should n't cap the influx , while also telling us how many we get to send onwards on which day . 
  we 're sick of their hypocrisy . 
  if they want migrants so badly , they can go get them further upstream and leave us the fuck alone . 
  i 'm pretty sure most took this to mean more protection from attacks , not more leniency for crimes they commit . 
  you should see the shit spiegel posted . 
  they title ` europe 's failure ' and lead with women and kids fleeing tear gas and the title video cuts in at the moment the tear gas goes off . 
  and the video with the ` refugees ' trying to break down the border fence and throwing rocks is halfway down the article titled ` police use tear gas against refugees ' . 
  well , at least the video shows the violent mob . 
  already done , just not for macedonia specifically . 
  they already condemned the balkan deal , caps and national border controls . 
  after all we 're supposed to let the migrants come until the eu finally manages to agree on germany 's solution . 
  i should have gotten drunk earlier . 
  nope , the migrant crisis makes me irrationally angry way too often . 
  like i give a fuck what those hypocrites want to hear . 
   the promise to not make greece a dumping ground . 
  and the only alternative to that is for us to be the dumping ground instead ? 
  we took 1 % of our population in migrants in 2015 and we still have n't closed the borders , we just imposed a limit . 
  i 've got ta say i consider my country not going to shit more important than its honor , much less that of our stupid government . 
  let someone else show solidarity or work out how to end the migrant crisis . 
  we 've had enough . 
  what eu agreement ? 
  do you mean the promise by germany to keep the borders open ? 
  ok , thanks . 
  greece proposed the same solution with a different victim . 
  and the solution of everyone sharing the burden which would require cooperation from every eu member as well as the migrants , which is n't going to happen . 
  not to mention it would just keep the crisis going indefinitely . 
  we need to think of something else . 
  because the earlier meeting with them did n't lead to an agreement . 
  which of course is n't surprising since neither side wants the migrants or be the first to jump into the shitstorm that keeping them away would entail . 
  talk about how to actually solve the migrants crisis instead of just filling up europe while waiting for the problem to solve itself ? 
  yup . 
  the fp\u00d6 polls at 30 % + . 
  government parties at 20 % + each and their respective bases are pretty pissed off too . 
  that depends on which option they 'd pick . 
  to close the border , they can either kill migrants to stop them from coming , or put them back in turkey , which means violating their territory . 
  i do n't think it 's unrealistic to assume either option would cause a great deal of political fallout . 
  there 's no international waters to push them back into ( and even if there were , they 'd just resort to the ` hole your own boat to force your rescue according to international law ' trick ) , they lack the leverage to make turkey stop the migrants , and building a wall on their sea border is a pretty outlandish proposition . 
  they can not close the border without killing people or invading turkey , so reluctance to do it is kind of high . 
  and they have some more options . 
  i think they ( the whole eu really ) should try an australia , maybe that 'll stem the tide without slaughter . 
  becoming a failed state is of course a stupid choice , but risking that and hoping someone else will deal with the problem is pretty much what our esteemed leaders did so far . 
  yeah . 
  and i could list even more reasons why this is super hard and totally unfair , but it does n't change my point . 
  do what australia does . 
  detain illegal immigrants until they go home . 
  ideally with the eu helping you . 
  if someone starts screaming about human rights , ask them if they want the migrants . 
  lousy option , but i do n't see a better one . 
  problem is they ca n't without making half the world go ballistic . 
  they do n't have any good options . 
  not that i think that should stop them , but people should n't act as if they just do n't feel like securing their borders . 
   that 's taking in 1 % of our population in a year . 
  which is exactly what austria did in 2015 . 
   greece has no interest in becoming an regional ghetto well , neither do we . 
  i 'm all for helping them secure their borders and bully mena countries into taking their fortune seekers back tho . 
  i was talking about ireland taking in , say , 50.000 migrants in 2016 . 
  or what was that about willingness to share suffering ? 
  and if i had power to hand out i 'd keep it . 
  on the other hand i 'd be less worried of you having power than the morons currently in charge keeping it . 
  if the eu can not deal with this crisis it 's not worth saving . 
  we 're done getting swamped while waiting for a solution . 
  but you 're welcome to take over . 
  then greece is fucked . 
  but if we do n't stop the migrants from coming we 're fucked . 
  so if the only solution for us is to screw over greece , then that is what we will do . 
  oh yes , because our government pussying out of hard decisions is so totally unrealistic . 
  let 's laugh at the american for being american !, 
  i hope the polls scare them enough to pull through , but i am in no way sure . 
  what a load of shit . 
  there are thousands of people who decided to go back home because europe turned out to not be paradise , after paying smugglers a small fortune to get there . 
  anyone who ` flees ' to europe from turkey is looking for a better life , not running for their life . 
  really ?
