  afaik chinese are particuarly popular targets for criminals in europe . 
  well mountain germans is a little too ambigous/broad . 
  swiss germans ( + voralbergers maybe ) and austrians ( + bavarians ) are pretty different , yet they 're all mountain germans . 
  ( well , some of us are not , austria does have flat parts , but noone cares ), 
  first of all , assuming permission until it is explicitly denied is not the same as mandatory . 
  i can certainly see the ethical problem with it , but pragmatism simply wins out . 
  saving lives is significantly more important than asking permission to take something that has become useless to the owner anyway ( and wo n't be inherited by relatives either . 
  and at least in austria , those will be asked if it 's okay . 
  and only like 10 % object . ) . 
  we 've had this rule for over thirty years , and the only problem i 'm aware of is ignorance of the fact that we have it . 
  it does n't get mentioned much , i only found out about it when i wanted to sign up for organ donation . 
  i remember hearing the discussion about it , but forgot or missed they actually got rid of it . 
  if they have to argue about what it means , it 's not clear intent . 
  they 're proud of their heritage . 
  officially , that 's about it . 
  that one gets exaggerated a lot . 
  like one member held a speech in which he called the state of austria a fiction , years before hofer even joined and people like to pretend it 's hofers opinion and an official position of that frat . 
  we got over 100.000 ( 1 % of our population ) new ones in a single year . 
  downplaying this rather strong demographic change as completely trivial is getting really old . 
  it ~ ~ is ~ ~ was pretty riciulous we still have those laws after a century . 
  habsburgs are n't going to win much of anything on their name alone these days . 
  edit : seems that 's already taken care of . 
  the number of discarded votes does n't seem excessive , but obviously they 're not publishing why individual votes were invalid . 
  but the law certainly talks about counting a vote if there is a clear intent of the voter , so sorrounding one candidates name with simleys or something and ignoring the circle you ought to put your cross in should work . 
  the wildly optimistic attitude of most turks towards those purges is the scariest thing about them imo . 
  care to be less cryptic ? 
  sure , but are n't we used to that in race relations ? 
  i 've seen people scream racism over being praised for their language skills . 
  if you 're anti-akp why the fuck do you trust them to only go after the guilty ? 
  watching turkish reactions to erdogan 's witch hunts feels like watching lemmings march off a cliff . 
  now ? 
  how did you manage to not hear about the supposed sexist opression that is `` objectification '' in the last 20 years ? 
  of course it would help , the pr just would be real bad . 
  but i 'd honestly prefer that over the current situation . 
  not to mention they do much of that shit in refugee homes too and get to stay in our societies and live off our taxes anyway . 
  australia solution . 
  none of the problems you pointed out are impossible to solve . 
  we do n't actually need an island for detention camps . 
  we could build them in europe . 
  the only thing we lack is the will to do unpleasant things to actually stop this madness . 
  and who knows just what we will be willing to do if we let it esacalate enough first . 
  we need a solution fast and there are n't any nice ones . 
  ah , i 've wondered what 's up with that castle when i sailed past it . 
  hitler was both insane and a liar . 
  you ca n't just trust the things he said . 
  it 's not , but unless the woman alerts the authorities , nothing will stop it . 
   what function does this have on a kids head . 
  indoctrination and segregation . 
  exactly . 
  if reporting it is bound to go nowhere or even get you in trouble , most are n't going to report it . 
  have you looked at comparisons of national sex crime statistics ? 
  taking the problem more seriously generally seems to make your numbers worse . 
  the places where you expect it to be real bad always have low official numbers . 
  if you mean that one it 's year old . 
  and not really a prime example for a pro-pkk circlejerk . 
   / r/worldnews fairly frequently has people jerking each other off over the pkk funny how i only see them rarely and heavily downvoted then . 
  you do n't happen to recall a thread with one of those circlejerks ? 
   obvious subreddits ( / r/socialism and / r/communism ) i kind of guessed they would come up . 
  those are the sort of idiots that praised stalin before he croaked . 
  i am serious . 
  just where the hell are they if there 's so many ? 
  on which subs ? 
  i ca n't recall ever seeing a thread where the dominant sentiment was pro-pkk . 
  ( but i do see a lot of bitching about this elusive multitude ) there certainly are people that do , but most agree the pkk are terrorists , whenever the topic is specifically them . 
  and you wanting to pretend people praising the hdp and the kurdish militas fighting isis means they 're also praising pkk does n't make it so . 
  good thing we have very few neckbeards then . 
  i ca n't say i see many pkk fans on reddit . 
  ok , you are technically correct . 
  i keep forgetting the official definition of the holocaust is merely the deliberate mass extermination of jews , not it 's run up or the other victims of axis atrocities . 
  ( i 'm really not ok with that definition generally ), 
  forced labor where thousands die is not mass murder ? 
  edit : if you complain about others bending the truth to their worldview , you should really refrain from doing the same . 
  and trying to completely divorce the gas chambers from the anti-jewish laws that came before them is simply pathetic . 
  i am . 
  did you read the part before the part you linked ? 
  the worst happened under german occupation , but it was pretty bad before that too . 
  noone said it 's acceptable , but they did try to downplay it very very hard . 
   who at the time were occupying the country the holocaust did n't start in 1944 . 
  do n't understate hungary 's involvement because someone else overstated it . 
   depends on your definition of `` working '' . 
  i should have added `` they 'll come anyway . '', 
  because that was the gist of the statements i was mocking . 
   as for solving the underlying problem behind the migrant crisis ... not so much . 
  sure , but neither does letting them in by the millions . 
  `` closing borders does n't work ! '', 
  that 's not a sex slave , it 's a consensual partner pretending to be a sex slave . 
  i 'm pretty sure advocating a crime is a crime . 
  because they were afraid of pushing everybody to trump and le pen if they reported on it . 
  anti-racism activism went so extreme it became its own worst enemy . 
  i dont think they can do anything but talk in the short term . 
  those negotiations are going nowhere , so there 's nothing to veto . 
  lol !, 
  i just read that erdogan 's chief advisor actually told our chancellor `` piss off , infidel ! '', 
  on twitter . 
  this is getting ever more bizarre . 
  problem is the right wing populists are n't completely wrong . 
  mass immigration has negative effects that are getting more and more obvious and most other parties have staunchly downplayed or denied them for way too long ( much like the right wingers exaggerated them ) . 
  and turkey under erdogan is more and more proving to be an unreliable parntner . 
  stubbornly ignoring those issues just so the right wingers ca n't say ` look , we were right ! ', 
  strikes me as pretty mad .
