  and the idea the we europeans belong together has grown some roots . 
  you would n't get your specials back tho . 
  no brit discount and you 'd have to switch to euros . 
  maybe not , and almost certainly not in a way that changes much except their voting rights . 
  it could be different , but if they take a deal like norway , which seems very likely , it will work out to about the same afaik . 
  ( less than membership , but losing their discount will eat up the difference ), 
  most people sit in an echo chamber raving about how those other people sit in an echo chamber and ignore the facts . 
  while pretending all this shameless dishonesty is some shocking new development . 
  we are so totally fucked . 
  sure they can , and britain can have it too . 
  but what many leavers promised is retaining access to the single market ( i.e. 
  more than a mere fta ) , while getting out of free movement . 
  and that is a deal noone has and the uk wo n't get either . 
  bad social integration has a wide range of causes . 
  there being different ones than ` immigration background ' ( which if it is n't one itself , correlates with things that are . 
  lack of relevant language skills being a non-offensive example ) , does n't mean it ca n't have anything to do with it . 
  nonono , closing your borders is evil . 
  keeping them closed is apparently just fine . 
  msf still takes japan 's money . 
  i used to respect msf . 
  not anymore . 
  but 2nd generation `` migrants '' are n't migrants either . 
  we invented the term ` migration background ' for that purpose . 
  and at what point said background does n't matter anymore varies wildly . 
  some people are well integrated in the 2nd generation , some still are n't in the 35th . 
  the irony of needing immigrants to start a discussion about the negative consequences of mass immigration ... 
  well , i do n't trust the instincts of gamblers either . 
  if those instinct were worth much casinos would n't be so profitable . 
  ( had a few experiences with compulsive gamblers that were a little disturbing . ), 
  more than one it seems . 
  but none calls itself that and only one has mao in its name . 
  i heard the same thing before our presidential elections . 
  do n't bet on the predictions of betting sites . 
  reminds me of an anti-eu protest in austria that was attended mostly by the far right and far left , which led to the protest protesting itself . 
  anyone who knows what a terrible writer hitler was . 
  i gave up before page 10 . 
  actually my point with that was that hauling your private firearm into parliament would be a particularly glaring violation of our rather restrictive laws about carrying guns . 
   carried a 9mm glock with him everywhere he goes , he is a gun owner , but trying to make a scandal of that is just plain ridiculous . 
  and where the hell does the ` carries it with him everywhere ' bullshit even come from ? 
  that 's nine kinds of illegal , particularly for a member of parliament and the other parties would scream about a fp\u00d6 politician doing that for weeks on end . 
   and has claimed increases in gun ownership in austria are linked to immigration . 
  the rate of people getting gun permits and guns rose quite a bit during the height of the migrant crisis . 
  the correlation is pretty damn obvious . 
  and you think the migrant crisis will just end by itself ? 
  nope . 
  mail voters are mostly expats and people who do n't have time on election day . 
  to my knowledge lack of access to a voting office due to remote location is exceedingly rare here . 
  ( we 're not a big country and our countryside is very often ` lots of small villages an hour 's walk apart ' ) and mail votes in austria are usually more to the left than the regular votes . 
  just the way most past elections went down . 
  it 's a joke . 
  we consider ourselves a nation of whiners . 
  entirely possible . 
  mail votes tend to be more left leaning and there are a lot this time . 
  no , he was just plain crazy and the authorities had simply ignored him . 
  he lived in the area where the murder happened for a year and was reported to police repeatedly . 
  his deportation was given up on because of a bureaucratic fuckup a few years ago . 
  chances are he 'll land in brussels . 
  a great many austrians are very angry over what happened in 2015 . 
  and the other guy is a green , who are strongly pro-immigration . 
  it 's hard to gauge , but it is very possible the outrage will outweigh the anti-rightwing effect this time . 
  well , depends on how it 's done . 
  getting in power and kicking out the govt right then would backfire , but demanding the government cross all it 's ts on immigration ( secure the borders really good , deport illegals and rejected asylum seekers by the thousands , pressure countries who do n't want to take them back to do it , stem the increase in crime rate , stem the spread of islamism , etc. ), 
  and sack them if they ca n't show enough progress after 6-12 months would probably work . 
  5 % of the vote is not exactly trivial , but i agree that most of the damage was done in 2015 . 
  while calling everyone who wants less immigration a nazi is as wrong and divisive as it is widespread , actual nazis obviously benefit from the situation too . 
  it 's actually both . 
  many people hated him for open borders and then he pissed off much of the rest by closing them , while few of the former group forgave him . 
  and the part where he/his party tried to please both sides with euphemisms for fences and obergrenzen was just plain pathetic . 
  so you 're a nazi ? 
  :p point is that equating being upset about islamist terrorists with itching to form an anti-muslim lynch mob is just as stupid as white supremacy . 
  and the left/right labels are rather inaccurate anyway . 
  yes , yours . 
  the mirror image of the b/w worldview the far right has , pretty much . 
  nitzsche did have a really good point about fighting monsters . 
   one is a lynch-party mode and the other is a humanitarian will to help ? 
  in your stupid black and white worldview maybe , but not in reality . 
  you could use the exact same polemics for the other side ( rile people up against immigration critics / empathy for victims of terrorism ) . 
  and that would also be a sad attempt to rationalise hypocrisy ... 
  maybe , but maybe they are waking up . 
  i 've seen that happen quite a bit in the last two years . 
  well played hooligans , well played . 
  you could do one for each coin even . 
  we do that , but one per tier ( 1,2 / 10,20,50 / 1,2,5 ) is the most common i think . 
  shaming foreign visitors for helping tax evaders still sounds like a good idea tho . 
  i do n't think so . 
  there is tasteless produce due to selective breeding for looks/shelf life and harvesting unripe crops for logistics sake ( ` ripening ' harvested produce does n't work all that well ) . 
  we have that crap here too and our supermarkets wo n't get caught dead selling gmos . 
  not to mention there are only a few fruits and veggies that even have a gmo variety . 
  there are no gmo carrots or strawberries for example . 
  depends on the population . 
  in austria the majority is strongly opposed to it . 
  which is due to a fear campaign of greenpeace , but it worked really well and our media ran with it and stuck to it . 
  not to mention the several attacks that were prevented by police . 
  directly forced integration has not , but indirectly forced integration by economic and social pressure has . 
  but of course the latter kind sort of relied on no social safety net and no existing parallel socieities . 
  we 'll have to find a clever new way . 
  but getting it done is not optional . 
  that 's not going to help much against domestic terrorism . 
  we need to shut down the hate preachers in our countries . 
  we need to integrate our muslim minorities better , even in the face of resistance from some of them .
