  jews are considered white , even if they do n't actually look white . 
  it 's not really about skin color . 
  hell , se asians are pretty much considered white by the regressives , because they dare to not let discrimination stop them from being successful and integrating well . 
  religion is a cultural thing . 
  islam is n't just what 's in the qu ` ran , it 's what muslims believe islam teaches . 
  and that is pretty damn complicated . 
  muslims ca n't agree on what exactly true islam ^ tm is , how the hell are infidels supposed to ? 
  we 're up to like 9 % wind actually . 
  i live in a veritable forest of steel , much of it built last year . 
  lol !, 
  spoken like an inquisitor . 
  denying your guilt is an admission of guilt !, 
  it 's being run by an islamist autocrat . 
  but of course it 's still quite a way off from saudi levels of islamist insanity . 
  it 's not a strawman . 
  it happened a lot and i am sick and tired of people on the far left insisting it did n't because they were doing it more than anyone else and by now most people can see how fucking stupid it was . 
  well , they have ignored , even denied those problems for way too long and people have reason to be sceptical they 'll do much more than promise change . 
  but yeah , it probably is n't actually too late . 
  of course i do n't want that , i just think eu sanctions would only be counter productive . 
  i do n't think the polish government can actually be forced to stop being autocratic with those sanctions , yet it does make for a pretty nice ` foreigners out to punish poland for the democratic decision made by it 's citizens ' narrative . 
  or what do you imagine berlusconi would have done in that situation ? 
  seriously . 
  do they actually want to kill the eu and help right wing nationalists to get into power across europe or are they really that fucking stupid ? 
  completely pointless . 
  the only thing that can fix this are the polish voters . 
  the nationalist government will not be swayed by foreign sanctions and might be able to use this ` attack ' to gain support . 
   is this guy well known ? 
  yes . 
  he was pretty big in german comedy 20 years back . 
  got ta say i was surprised he 's still alive . 
   if we make the song famous in turkey , is he in danger ? 
  since none of germany 's akp fans actually attacked b\u00f6hmermann yet , and this stuff is much tamer , i do n't think so . 
  i ca n't imagine many of the ones who voted for him for stability , economy or the suckiness of the others turning into a fanatic over foreigners insulting him . 
  then again i have absolutely no patience for the concept of politicians being deserving of everyone 's respect because of the position they hold . 
   it transforms his voters to fanatics . 
  no it does n't . 
  they already were . 
  and they deny reliable sources that show he is not good for turkey too . 
  so we might as well have some fun . 
  if trustworthy people throw a shitfit over being verified , how are we ever going to weed out the untrustworthy people ? 
  yes , because clearly all men are capable of telepathy and predicting the future and never wrongly trust anyone . 
  well , the people who the term rednecks is originally about do live in a developed country . 
  a lot of parties that can not run a country are in fact running countries . 
  we should vote out failures even if there 's no good alternatives . 
  maybe we 'll manage to breed politicians worth putting in power . 
  the gypsies just became an exception to ` judging whole or large parts of ethnoreligious groups negatively is wrong ' earlier than the muslims did here on reddit , particularly worldnews and europe . 
  go say shit about gypsies in general to the press , i double dare you !, 
  because we keep voting for gangs of corrupted idiots who only promote yes-men . 
  i ca n't think of a party in the whole eu i actually want in power , it seems to be a game of lesser evils everywhere . 
  yup . 
  and they tried to make up for their sinning with jihading . 
  nothing new under the sun , the crusades saw sinners murdering infidels for their salvation as well . 
   also , you 're suggesting that there are n't integrated muslims that still hold to their own old values from their actual culture . 
  no i 'm not . 
  integration is a gradient , not a binary thing and not all their values are a problem . 
   get ad hominem instead of making coherent arguments against what i said . 
  sure , let 's accuse the author of bigotry , argue against a straw man and then scream ad hominem if you 're called out on it . 
  if you want people to discuss politely with you , you 'll have to do that yourself . 
  the ones that integrated either had a compatible culture to begin with or changed their incompatible one . 
  congratulations on missing the point completely and feeling superior about it . 
  and any leader with both brains and morals would have tried to save the ceasefire instead of escalating . 
  alas , erdogan has neither . 
  sadly , there is no limit to stupidity . 
  but of course some people do act stupid rather than admit something obvious that does n't fit their narrative . 
  i saw a guy get downvoted on r/de for saying an attack in germany is only a matter of time just yesterday . 
  one guy even accused him of wishing for an attack just so he can feel validated . 
  did you stop reading there ? 
  it goes on to suggest muslims in europe ought to consider themselves europeans . 
  to show support to belgium by israel ( is ) , just like lots of other countries did . 
  some people get upset that planners of crimes are generally called ` masterminds ' , because it kind of implies great intellect they may not actually possess . 
  i rather have the impression the majority on both subs gets it . 
  it does come up quite a bit , after all . 
  `` the kurds '' does n't have to mean all of them . 
  / r/worldnews does n't like pkk either , just hdp and the kurds that fight isis . 
  they just really do n't like turkey . 
  no we do n't . 
  we just argue about wether we should blame our own society or others . 
  the way i heard it he posted it because the police would n't say why she was killed . 
  with helping you with the problem earlier yeah , but not with the objection about closing the balkan route . 
  as long as the migrants could get into wealthy welfare states so easily it just kept drawing more . 
  i do n't want you to get swamped , but i want us get swamped so that you do n't even less . 
  the eu needs to implement the pacific solution and fast . 
  none of the redistribution shemes , or deals with turkey are going to end the migrant crisis . 
  waving the spectre of the horrors of nazi rule at any sign of anti-immigration sentiment and nationalism has n't just gotten really old it has always been totally over the top . 
  those things do not invariably escalate into mass murder and wars of conquest . 
  3/4 of their voters see themselves as protest voters , so their exact program hardly bothers them . 
  they do n't want afd to govern , they want to scare the other parties into getting stricter about immigration . 
  no , ignoring the problem so long was fucking insane . 
  i do , but i would put right wing populist parties like the fp\u00d6 somewhere between the two ... 
   no , the problem is n't immigration . 
  the problem is people without perspective . 
  and it is completely insane to get a buttload more of those people while you do n't even begin to have a handle on that problem . 
  it 's not like giving them perspective is just a matter of being nice . 
  the good jobs they dream of getting here mostly require skills the vast majority of them lacks and are hardly able to aquire yet . 
  and we simply do n't have enough jobs for menial laborers as it is . 
  i 'm not gon na vote for them because they do n't suck . 
  i 'm gon na vote for them because the others failed desastriously while being arrogant self-righteous cunts about it . 
  and i 'm gon na vote for them because we need a readjustment on the xenophobia/xenophilia and the rehabilitation/punishment scales . 
  ` there can not be a problem with the culture of foreigners / foreign cultures can not be worse than ours ' is the wrong answer to racism and while i do n't want an overly draconian justice system , one that is too lenient is just as insane . 
  there are sane possibilities somewhere between ` life for small time drug dealers ' and ` two months probation for your fifth robbery in two years ' .
