  sheer exposure to enlightment ideas goes a long way ) . 
  edit : in my assesment of christianity i was mostly thinking about the eu . 
  in former yugoslavia it was still dangerous not so long ago and in russia it 's becoming worse again . 
  i hear quite a bit about how they 're good workers and poland being one of the most economically successful former warsaw pact countries . 
  and , of course , the car thief jokes , but i think they 're more old jokes by now , than reflecting a real sentiment of poles being prolific car thieves . 
  i live in bezirk bruck/leitha , eastern lower austria . 
  really ? 
  edit : yes , really . 
  awwww . 
  edit2 : yay !, 
  1 ) installing reliable puppet governments without being too obvious about it is not at all easy . 
  2 ) the ressource thieving is much repeated horseshit . 
  the iraqis still have their damn oil . 
  sure we do , we just do n't annex them . 
  imo it 's more about culture than number of guns . 
  six of the ten most peaceful countries on the planet are in the top twenty of private gun ownership . 
  was there a big and a small circle ? 
  the golovatov debacle was just one example of a wider trend . 
  our authorities do n't like to deal with other countries troubles . 
  in one case they even let go a bunch of iranian assassins that murdered a kurdish leader on austrian soil . 
   and is n't this for the people of crimea to choose ? 
  imo it is , but the way russia 's going about this , it does n't look like they 'll actually get a choice . 
  the tanks are besides the point . 
  between nuclear powers war is n't an option worth considering . 
  it did , but it was badly biased and the nazis had de facto already taken over . 
  it was a little bit of both . 
  while they were welcomed enthusiatically by lots of people , they already had troops in the country before the biased election-secrecy-lacking referendum . 
  also , the prior government ( also fascist ) had basically surrendered already . 
  one general wanted to fight , but was assassinated . 
  sovereignity just means you can make your own decisions . 
  it does n't mean others ca n't tell you they think the decision is wrong , or that there wo n't be consequences . 
  nah , nationalists just love to throw that term around . 
  some of them seem to think the word itself is a killer argument for whatever point they 're making . 
   i do n't think there is a `` pure '' western culture . 
  there 's not . 
  the idea that ` pure western culture = british + american culture ' is actually hilariously illogical . 
  it does , but not in international politics . 
  too see what happens when the fight against bigotry is taken to such ridiculous extremes that it turns into just another kind of bigotry go see / r/tumblrinaction edit : for example a barkeep was recently decried as an abominable bigot for calling a genderfluid patron ` sweetheart ' . 
  people can be insane extremists about anything . 
  it is , but i do n't see how that 's relevant to my point . 
  some people just like church/mass . 
  even some atheists . 
  it 's weird but hey , it 's their time to waste . 
   yes , because those who are n't criminal scum are so rare . 
  they 're not nearly as rare as you believe . 
   that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  but of course their culture ca n't be taken from them , because tey themselves do n't want to change . 
  wrong . 
  yes , a lot of them do n't want to change . 
  ( again , not nearly as many as you think ) does n't mean you ca n't make them change . 
   everyone is calling them scumbags because they really are scumbags and horrible people , do n't you get it ? 
  yes i do get it . 
  i just also get that generalizations are almost invariably bullshit . 
  certainly in this case . 
  there are plenty of integrated roma , your denial of the fact nonwithstanding . 
   recently there was an article posted here in reddit about how french muslims are 70 % of all prisoners . 
  they 're 10 % of the population of france . 
  it triggered a shitstorm . 
  i know , it 's a very similar issue actually . 
  a very big and diverse group of people with a high percentage of assholes . 
  enter ` they all scum ' versus ` they angels , you racist ' slugfest . 
   do you even realize how much more criminal gypsies are , when they 're up to 70 % of all prisoners with just 2-3 % of the population ? 
  20-30 % of them stealing is an extremely high number . 
  yes i can do math . 
  but being much more likely to be scum does not mean they 're all scum ( or very nearly so ) , much less that they 're incapable of not being scum . 
   and i did n't say that 99 % of them steal , i also said that they pile trash , abuse welfare and do other asocial things . 
  which they do . 
  actually you said they `` just pile trash , steal and do n't work '' . 
  yet 27 % of them have steady employment . 
  a terrible statistic certainly , but not as bad as you seem to insist on believing . 
  * aggressivity of certain groups of roma toward the host population . 
  condemning them all for what only a part of them do is a big reason why so many brush off complaints about the problem as racist hysteria . 
  it 's a positive trait of reddit in general ( except for subs that are total echo chambers ) imo . 
  your source does n't actually support your 1 % number . 
  in fact this bit `` about 20-30 % earn their livelihood in illegal ways '' suggests the majority is n't criminal . 
  the problem is big enough , why do you insist on exaggerating it ? 
   most people do n't hate the gypsies who behave like humans . 
  they bitch about roma being criminal scum and rarely bring up the ones that are n't . 
  you ca n't really complain if that sounds like racism to lots of people . 
  also , dehumanzing nasty people is not exactly a sign of tolerance . 
  shitty human behaviour is still human behaviour . 
   but the decent ones are less than 1 % of their total number i know for a fact it 's a lot more than 1 % , but decent roma are often not counted as roma , many of the decent ones do n't even want to be considered roma and decent people rarely make the news . 
  for example there is a whole village of decent roma in austria that i would never have heard of if a crazy racist had n't murdered four of them ... 
  in any case , the problem is n't roma , but a shitty culture prevalent among roma . 
  that culture needs to go , and bitching about what horrible scumbags roma are is n't helping . 
  focusing that condemnation on something they ca n't change ( them being roma ) will just reinforce their idea that the society around them is a crapshoot they have every right to exploit . 
   people hate them because of the way they behave , not because of racism . 
  it 's both , after all not all gypsies behave like that . 
  and the unsocial attitudes of the ones that do , are in no small part caused by past and present discrimination . 
  not that this means they would suddenly go away if the discrimination did . 
  both sides of the discussion have a point but generalize and simplify the issue way too much . 
  true , but considering the resources poured into nuclear weapons including over 2000 nuke test between wwii and today ( with a very low failure rate . 
  wiki only lists one test nuke that has n't detonated at all , in 1951 ) , i think they 've become pretty good at maintaining a reliable arsenal without live fire tests . 
  see , that 's what i hate about eu policy news . 
  the information on who is responsible for stuff is all too often missing or wrong . 
  ` the eu does this , the eu does that ' is not very informative . 
  the parliament should just sack the commission when they pull shit like that . 
  i 've read it . 
  the eu is not mentioned . 
  and eu involvement in secret negotiations for a trade treaty between pacific nations would be more than a little surprising ...
