   no one ever toppled the nazi 's by telling germans we understood their issues with jews , they were shown to be wrong in a pretty permanent fashion . 
  a military defeat does n't show anything but who has the better military . 
  i doubt you 'd argue the winners of that war were right about everything . 
  using a `` might makes right '' argument against the nazis is pretty hilarious tho . 
  on the other hand they ca n't afford to let the far right hog topics that more and more voters are getting concerned/angry about . 
  maybe you should try actually meeting the official requirements before bitching you 're being treated unfairly because you 're muslims . 
  i honestly expect them to be wary of critizising the purge too much ( as long as their guys are mostly left alone of course ) . 
  it would be far too easy to brand them as supporters of the coup if they did . 
  and the speed and scale of the purge , especially the broad travel restrictions for academics , does n't fill me with confidence erdo is n't abusing this crisis to the hilt for his own ends . 
  i keep wondering why most turks are so sure only g\u00fclenists are being sacked . 
  they belonged to different streams of islam . 
  partly lapsed catholics . 
  not a weird thing at all either . 
  he should be more reasonable about it , but that goes for you too . 
  and also for most other people in that stupid discussion and several others like it while we 're at it . 
  lots of catholics do n't give a fuck . 
  my parents and grandparents are rather firm about remaining catholics , but they sure as hell do n't let the pope tell them what to think . 
  people do n't understand religions , they just find an interpretation they like . 
  marko-germania is neither a neonazi cult , nor does it reject the austrian state in any official capacity . 
  it 's also total bullshit . 
  i think it is here . 
  but of course there are subs where it 's not . 
  ah , that . 
  he 's taking the mra stuff too far imo , but calling it absurdly sexist is wildly exaggerated . 
  domestic violence is an issue far more complex than just men being violent assholes . 
  us both being in the eu is kind of a soft anschluss . 
  ( the soviets certainly saw it that way . ), 
  hofer ? 
  ca n't recall hearing anything sexist from him . 
  ( and if he got recorded saying sexist shit , it would have come up repeatedly in the last two election campaigns . ), 
  do n't you mean 1964 ? 
  otherwise you forgot germany at the very least . 
  austrian public broadcaster reported on it too . 
  sure , but that is really just a polite diplomatic fiction imo . 
  a too great ( and growing ) number of europeans strongly oppose it and erdogan has shown clearly that he prefers having powers not compatible with membership over membership . 
  barring major political change , it 's simply not a realistic prospect anymore . 
  turkey 's membership bid is dead , dead , dead . 
  deader than a disco doornail , even . 
  and has been for a few years . 
  why exactly do people still go ` this is/would be the final straw ' ? 
  of course it stays . 
  canning the chief mouser to the cabinet office would be a completely pointless pr shitstorm . 
  that hilarious office has become a beloved tradition . 
  no , but you are clearly in the minority here . 
  care to actually argue your point ? 
  because allegations of racism by themselves are not an argument . 
  ( and we 've lately become really tired of people pretending they are ), 
  i know , but you did n't bring a counter argument to the `` anti-semitic '' claim either so i did . 
  ' a defining tenet of your faith ' that is absolutely no justification for anything . 
  and neither is ` wawawa racists !!! ', 
  opposing an immoral practice prevalent in a minority group is not bigotry . 
  ( btw : there are jews that stopped doing it , because they also think it 's immoral . ), 
  pretty unlikely imo . 
  we 'd be even more fucked than the uk is and i kind of suspect even our anti-eu party realises that . 
  ( the latest word from their boss was ` auxit if turkey joins ' , which seems very unlikely atm ), 
  probably because of the debt crisis . 
  also , it 's an `` atlas of prejudice '' . 
  and we honestly do n't spend a great deal of thought on you guys . 
  much like us you 're a nice small country that does n't make the news a lot . 
  we actually have escaped kangaroos make the news surprisingly often . 
  that might have something to do with the joke tho . 
  well , we are . 
  but you 're unlikely to find nice clichees on an `` atlas of prejudice '' anyway . 
  yeah , but quality varies wildly and people are bound to dismiss them as crap when the first one they tried is crap . 
  insult . 
  we 're one of the most eu sceptical eu countries . 
  our biggest tabloid just loves making up horror stories about the eu . 
  i 'm also really surprised the cliche of the netherlands has sex before drugs . 
   first of all even if 10,000 of them do bad shit we are still talking about pro mils and you consulted which crime statistic to make sure you were right about it only being pro mils ? 
   also never said that problems when it comes to immigration should n't be debated . 
  nobody is fucking saying that . 
  then they , including you , should allow it instead of derailing it by trying to talk about the racists instead . 
  or why exactly did you bring up r/trump brigading ? 
   i just said a pro mil of them are bad . 
  what 's wrong with my statement ? 
  that cologne was n't the only crime committed by asylum seekers . 
  not even the only crime of that sort on that very day . 
  surely you know this . 
  edit : oh and of course the `` before attacking other 1,99 million + of them . '', 
  thing which i did n't actually do . 
  but of course you do n't give a flip . 
  if someone dares to voice concern about problems with immigration they must be denounced as evil racists !!, 
  yes , you are downplaying it . 
  you are also accusing me of attacking all refugees , which i did not do . 
  you are n't any more rational about this than a trump supporter , you just have a different bias . 
  get real yourself . 
  looks like a bug . 
  it 's the thumbnail of a different story on the linked page ( one about north korea bitching at the us ) . 
  plenty of actual europeans are livid about this shit . 
  people were called racists for warning the refugee crisis might lead to shit like that , then it did , the cops lied about who the perpetrators were and part of the media called people racist for connecting this event to the refugee crisis . 
  and now the perps get the usual slap on the wrist and too many of them will take it as a sign that they can do what they want . 
  short version : the commercialisation and secularisation of christmas continues ( like greeting people with happy holidays instead of merry christmas in stores , because they want to sell christmas stuff to non-christians too ) , atheists/secularists are putting more and more violations of seperation of state ( including christmas-y things ) before courts . 
  conservative christians feel prosecuted by this and complain loudly . 
  2010-2013 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dc_towers, 
  any new eu member has to eventually adopt the euro . 
  the opt-outs and loopholes some older member states used are gone now . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  there certainly are excellent kebabs , but there 's plenty of lousy ones too . 
  of course we 'd welcome you back . 
  the first country to leave the eu wanting back in would be a political victory of the highest order .
