  usually yes . 
  some people drink white/coke or alm/red , but i ca n't say i 've seen a lot of that . 
  it makes lousy wine drinkable and is generally pretty good drunk fuel . 
  and of course young people tend to like their booze sweet . 
  and if you are n't too snobbish for it , with decent wine it 's a really good drink . 
  almdudler with some nice white wine is great imo . 
  should i also tell you about the time where a friend got a whole room of train dispatchers to mix their $ 50 a bottle wine with coke ? 
  could be ( but probably is n't given it was posted to show off wines ) , but it certainly does n't look wrong for wine , taking the colored bottles into account . 
  mixed , most often with coke or almdudler ( herbal soft drink ) . 
  a mix with soda is also very common , but not very popular with young people . 
  the bottles may be weird , but what 's inside looks like wine . 
  of course not . 
  clichees aside the frontpage of r/europe features a wine drinker map every couple of months . 
  what ? 
  it says 41.74 litres a year , that 's just 114 ml per day , a little less than a small glass of wine ( 1/8 litre ) . 
  i 've been drinking wine since i started drinking alcohol . 
  and that is n't unusual here . 
  ( might have something to do with being in a wine producing region tho ) to be fair i rarely drank it pure until i was 25 or so . 
  why would he be joking ? 
  accusing gay people of pedophilia is pretty common among homophobes everywhere , not just in russia . 
  this has been talked about quite a bit in those 5 years and it 's been pretty stable for over a year now , so i do n't see much of a point in bringing it up in connection to the current dive of the pound . 
  the concept of sin is n't what we 're talking about tho . 
  more the attitude towards / the treatment of sinners . 
  and christians very much do n't agree on that . 
  particularly not concerning homosexuals . 
   even if what he says is in contradiction with reality . 
  problem is the ` reality ' of religions is rather hard to pin down . 
  the scriptures often are n't clear , and different followers insisting their interpretation is obviously the right one is n't helping . 
   christian is someone following christian teachings which christians ca n't agree on and the scriptures they 're based on are n't consistent . 
  obviously you believe you know the right ones , but so do all the christians you disagree with . 
  how am i supposed to judge who 's a legit christian and who is n't ? 
   if i tell you i 'm a reincarnation of napoleon , you 're going to call me napoleon just becouse i believe i 'm him ? 
  that is a spectacularly bad comparison . 
  a person is not an ideology . 
  muslims do say the exact same thing . 
  expect when they boast about how many of them there are ... 
  if they think they 're christians , i 'm gon na call them christians . 
  heresy is your problem . 
  not at some point , gradually , and it 's already happening . 
  my parents bothered my brother into baptising his daughter and he picked me as the godfather . 
  at no point did the priest bring up the whole ` raise her in the catholic faith ' thing , or our faith/church attendance/last confession / ... 
  they know they already live off tradition to some degree . 
  they actually `` tried '' deporting him , but after his home country failed to deliver some documents after they requested them once , they gave up . 
  ( edit ) another detail : that one never even requested asylum . 
  he just came on a tourist visa and never went back . 
  considering how much our leaders like just pushing things through , informing/asking the electorate be damned , i 'm not sure getting rid of it would be a good idea . 
  i mean look what they did with the lisbon treaty . 
  i was for that thing , but it 's ratification was an embarassing shit show , most of which could have been prevented by just properly explaining it to the public . 
  i think this is not so much about the actual trade deal , as about citizens losing trust in their governments to make trade deals without selling them out . 
  your government bitching about the hold up is n't helping tho . 
  sort of . 
  bishop of urgell . 
  the catholic diocese andorra is in , but that also covers a sizeable part of spain . 
  that 's a weird setup . 
  last time i heard of a `` rightwing hoax '' much like that one , the hoax part was that they ( some tabloid iirc ) exaggerated the amount of money that family got by 15 % or something . 
  then why do you think the eu is one of the problems , rather than just another thing plagued by the very same problem ? 
  because that ` the system breeds corruption ' is not an obvious fact , but your opinion . 
  it 's not like we do n't have similarly bad corruption issues on a national level . 
  or can you actually tell me what about the eu in particular is breeding corruption , that does absolutely not apply to nations . 
  the legal framework of the eu certainly has issues , but they could be fixed and imo none of them come close in severity to the general problem that humans are really poor at picking the right people to administrate things . 
  i despise the corrupt idiots we keep electing to run it * , not the framework for shared governance they fuck around in . 
  * and our countries , it 's not like they do that any better . 
  edit : and before anybody points out the appointed eurocrats , ponder who they are appointed by first . 
  as it happens , i recently read a report about some jains encouraging their 13 year old daughter to starve herself to death for piety points . 
  so , they may not be a danger to non-jains , but it 's not like their religion does n't have issues . 
  yes , but given that they did n't even try to correct that ` misunderstanding ' after months of it being obvious that much of the 3rd world understood it as an invitation , that 's a really lousy excuse . 
  more like very far right propaganda . 
  most people who have a problem with mass immigration do n't think all the migrants are evil . 
  not even our resident right-wing populists , the fp\u00d6 , go that far ( going by official statements anyway ) . 
  sure i have . 
  i am a programmer . 
  and i did n't say i would want to implement that shit . 
  sounds like a fucking nightmare to figure out to any reasonably useful degree . 
  20th century ? 
  they built a ` modern ' protestant church in a nearby town a few years back . 
  boy is that thing ugly . 
  changing the laws of global trade while noone is looking strikes me as impossible honestly . 
  to fix this one we need to figure out how to consistently put competent and honest people in power , which is like the holy grail of political and social science . 
  unlikely to happen , because the folks who game the global economy to make money are rich and will lobby heavily against killing their cash cow . 
  i did n't intend to . 
  if you let an ai do your trading it makes sense to make it react to likely market panic . 
  and i do n't see a general problem with automated multi-million dollar trades . 
  if it 's simple enough , you can build an ai to do it , it will be faster , fuck up less than a human and it 's fuckups will be better documented and easier to prevent from happening again . 
  i certainly have problems with many stock market practices , but automating them is n't one of them . 
  i know , i just called it a ` stock trader ai ' for brevity . 
  a stock trader ai trying to predict a market panic does n't sound unreasonable to me tbh . 
  it 's still of great strategic value , but i do n't think that has been important since wwii . 
  looking at how trusting even supposedly anti-akp turks are that they 'll only purge the right people ( despite the wide scope and great speed of them ) , i 'm rather under the impression that the akp has gained sufficient control of the national narrative to get away with using terrorists and the coup as a lever to cripple the opposition . 
   so leaving a meaningless eu programme will ruin turkey ? 
  no , but the attitude that made it leave will . 
  the akp is alienating too many of turkey 's major business partners , degrading its education system and ruining investment security . 
  that 'll hurt you worse than the terrorists in the long run . 
  while she did n't create it , she very much excarbated it , proposed rather unrealistic solutions and was plainly a total hypocrite about it ( austria should not stop migrants at the border , while germany did that already . 
  stopping the migrants in the balkans is wrong , while paying turkey to stop them in turkey is a totally great solution ... ), 
  1 ) sadly , we did n't entirely . 
  guess whom some of the outer fringe of the far right blame the migrant crisis on . 
  2 ) people lying about what went down in 2015 is very much a thing . 
  the pro-immigration agenda went way overboard and instead of owning up to it , its supporters try to pretend it never happened like that . 
  like insisting the overstating of the economic boon the migrants are never happened , which is rather easy to disprove by googling news reports from then . 
  no i do n't , but it probably applies to them as well .
