  what evidence have you actually seen ? 
  it certainly is quite plausible that the pkk did it , but ypg having anything to do with it would be a first , not to mention a very stupid move . 
  and it would be very convienient for both the turkish government and isis , so i 'd be careful about assigning blame hastily . 
  well , nrw has over 20 % of germany 's population . 
  there tends to be only a little coverage on it , but some papers really hate trump and covered his long predicted defeat with great glee . 
  ( i was actually surprised to see trump had been leading the polls so long because they bullshitted me ), 
  well , the iowa primaries were in the news in germany . 
  did n't they already say that months ago and the government told them to shut up about it ? 
  well , lets go with asylum seekers killing each other in germany . 
  ( there 's still not much on that actually . ), 
  and i do n't remember that being widely covered expect for that one case where racists were initally suspected . 
  edit : and the coverage ended when it came out it was another migrant . 
  actually the first statement is pretty much what was said . 
  and there being alternative ways to get in does n't change the fact that wide open borders made it really easy . 
  ask sigmar gabriel , or jean-claude juncker . 
  edit : if the question is serious , some politicians / media people claimed that no terrorists will use the migrant route cause it 's dangerous and several others insisted that connecting the paris attacks to the migrant crisis is wrong and evil ( three of the terrorists turned out to have used the balkan route , despite being citizens ) . 
  i said scarcely , not never and i honestly do n't think i should have to point out that it was particularly bad in the second half of 2015 . 
  but i 'm getting to impression you 're trying hard to deny a media blackout you 're perfectly well aware of . 
  that you scarcely heard about migrants misbehaving from zdf , spiegel , etc. 
  before cologne and now people seriously use the changed behaviour from afterwards as an argument that they were never silent about this stuff . 
  the orf article on that court decision on australia 's migrant policy was also subtle as hell . 
  `` australia clears way for deportation of dozens of babies . '', 
  what was that about the migrant crisis and terrorism having nothing to do with each other again ? 
   the strongest argument against what herles says , however , is that a quick look in the online archive definitly shows negative reporting about refugees . 
  your links are all from after cologne . 
  yet bringing up the fact that easily half of the people coming are not refugees at all was frequently met with accusations of racism last year . 
  i 've seen orf post an article on how ` economic migrant ' and ` asylum abuse ' are racist terms . 
  but of course you 'd rather forget about how arrogant and wrong the people you supported were ... 
  well , it 's spiegel . 
  they used to be my go-to german newssource until their gargantuan bias in the migrant crisis drove me off . 
  i really do n't expect them to deal with the credibility crisis of the german press with anything approaching objective analysis . 
  german police are completely overworked and response times are through the roof . 
  but crime rates totally have n't risen , no need to worry !, 
  i do n't think so . 
  they 're black and the oppressors white , both being jews does n't change the oppression levels i think . 
  would you make the same argument for people exercising their right to vote afd ? 
  do you argue that smoking is not really a right because smokers get bashed and cautioned to not smoke quite a lot ? 
  people get critizised for their completely legal choices quite frequently . 
  i dare claim that orwell was n't the kind of person who 'd pretend there 's no difference between actual fascists and people critical of mass immigration / islam . 
  ( sure there are worse people on the right , but judging the whole right by them is just as narrow minded as actual racism is ), 
  no , because `` dangerous parties in germany '' means all of them by now . 
  there are current migrants among the suspects of cologne . 
  interesting how often i have to point out that fact . 
  covering that up initially seems to have paid off . 
  i do too and i disagree . 
  particularly before cologne an estimated two thirds of german language media was wildly enthusiastic about the mass immigration , playing up the good parts , ignoring/playing down the bad parts and smearing everyone who was critical of it , or even just dared to express worry as an abominable racist . 
  seriously the left have taken to using `` concerned citizen '' as a synonym for racist . 
  and what the public broadcasters do can honestly be described as blatlantly dishonest propaganda . 
  let me guess , they counted every accusation as true unless it was proven to be a lie . 
  saying you know that 97 % of accusations are true is completely ridiculous , given that the conviction rate for rape is very low ( 7 % in uk f.ex . 
  we seriously need to replace most of our politicians . 
  the amount of blatlant bullshit and outrageous incompetence you see from them has become completely intolerable . 
  i did . 
  recent arrivals from syria , iraq and afghanistan are among the suspects . 
  and frankly saying the people who came with the recent migrant wave and are from algeria , morroco , etc. 
  have nothing to do with the migrant crisis is utterly ridiculous . 
  no , they just pretend the perps are all earlier immigrants , which is a lie and would be a lousy argument for keeping the floodgates open even if it was true . 
  there were freshly arrived refugees among the perps actually . 
  the police just denied that for a week . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  yes . 
  if i had concrete evidence i 'd be talking to the media , not you . 
   do you have proof that a cover up was caused by pressure from the national government ? 
  that seems incredible quick to organize . 
  the suspicion is that the cover up is a result of politicians telling police to keep quiet about trouble caused by immigrants for years , not that the government specifically told them to cover this particular incident up within hours of it happening . 
  if you do n't even consider the possibility that the cover up was due to political pressure from the national government , then your problem is an inability to cope with the complexity of the world . 
  claims of a ` downplay crimes by immigrants ' policy have come up again and again for years . 
  and cologne lends them a lot of credibility . 
  they may not have known the full scale , but they knew what happened and reported that nothing bad happened . 
  they knew refugees were among the perps and reported there were no refugees among the perps . 
  they lied their asses off for political reasons and kept lying for a week , to downplay this incident as much as possible . 
  they only came clean when indiviual cops started talking to the press . 
  there is absolutely no excuse for that and you can not blame people for not trusting them anymore . 
  begin ? 
  the odd case has been in the news every few months for a decade . 
   the `` politicians '' you speak of have access to government resources and teams of trained experts and strategists to evaluate every conceivable situation which they have a terrible habit of ignoring if they say something they do n't want to hear . 
  remember professor nutt ? 
  or how greece 's obviously fudged budget numbers were simply ignored ? 
  you seriously need to question your trust in our political class . 
  it deserves none . 
  even weirder was when it was tagged as `` removed '' for a few minutes . 
  sadly politics runs mostly on tribalism , not rational discourse . 
  i actually do that quite a bit and would very much like it if that habit became common among politicians . 
  anyway , do you have a better argument than `` you 're exaggerating , think again '' ? 
  since they made the step from cult to religion , they do n't deserve any but they have lots . 
  talk does not equal changing policy, 
  can people please stop pretending the common use of the word fascism that is far broader than the historical movement it has its name from does n't exist ? 
  i am not forgetting them . 
  but the current govt + the rest of the opposition is so dangerously batshit insane the right actually looks like the least evil option i have . 
  it was nice , but the failure to secure the common borders makes it dangerous . 
  which is even harder to reach for illegal migrants . 
  they may 1 ) already speak english , but not french or german . 
  2 ) have relatives in uk . 
  3 ) think uk is a lot better for immigrants than the others . 
  1 ) too many people . 
  there are 15 million international refugees right now . 
  and shit is already hitting the fan with one tenth of that . 
  if you add in internal refugees ( 33 million ) who might well consider migration abroad if it was easy enough you reach almost 50 million . 
  that is already way way too much and if you add in economic migrants who often successfully mixed in with the refugees , the numbers get downright insane . 
  2 ) more islamism , more crime , more racism , higher welfare budget , etc.
