  yeah , i 'm gon na stick with ` get some fucking nuance ' . 
  you 're pretty much making the same damn argument about the fn that the worse fn members make about muslims , namely defining a large group by its worst members . 
   their members have waffen ss tattoos all of them ? 
   their founders helped build death camps . 
  is any of them even still alive ? 
  collective and inheritable guilt do n't become any better if you apply them to right wingers . 
  and you kind of dropped the original issue . 
  what 's so nazi about no dual citizenship again ? 
  i did n't call them a normal party , i 'm just asking for some fucking nuance when it comes to right wingers . 
  the nazis were quite spectarularly evil . 
  the fn does n't hold a candle to them . 
  or the fp\u00d6 for that matter , it 's not like this is an issue unique to france . 
  and i really sick of people screaming `` literally hitler !!! '', 
  when those parties propose policies that other countries have without getting any shit for it . 
  hell , sometimes their proposals get adopted by mainstream parties a few years or months later and suddenly it is n't a prelude to genocide anymore . 
  several dozens is n't few , but it 's certainly not the norm , so going `` literally hitler !!! '', 
  over wanting to change it is just stupid . 
  nothing , it 's not even about the jews , israel just does n't get an exception . 
   you know the fn party was founded with members of the waffen ss charlemagne division , right ? 
  i did n't , but being austrian , ex-nazis being members of political parties does n't shock me . 
  even our social democrats had those . 
  not to mention that party is 45 years old now . 
  it 's not impossible for nationalist movements to become less extreme . 
   this is planned selective enforcement used for ethnic cleansing . 
  see , that 's the hysteria i was talking about . 
  or did i miss the news on ethnic cleansings in norway ? 
  yes , the reason is called hysteria . 
  i 'm not a fan , but comparing them with genocidal warmongers is simply ridiculous . 
  particularly with that example . 
  not allowing dual citizensship is n't terribly unusual . 
  would be nice if that was all , but sadly that usually means downplaying the problem , absolving the religion itself of all guilt and calling people racists for talking about the problems . 
  sure , islam is complex and not all of it bad . 
  but much of it is . 
  and a crook . 
  but they 're all crooks and/or crazy , so what difference does it make ? 
  i hate our political class so much ... 
  apparently ` no tolerance for intolerance ' only applies to intolerant westerners . 
  2/3 of afd voters do n't actually like the afd . 
  they 're just voting for them in protest . 
  and it does n't strike you as naive to think that most refugees have that ? 
  if we only got people like that seeking asylum here , the populist right wingers would be tiny fringe parties . 
  i sure hope his supporters are right tho . 
  i would like a left wing candidate sensible about immigration . 
  but i 'm not convinced the poster boys like schulz and macron actually are sensible about it ... 
  why do those ' x of europe ' chains always have to get out of hand ? 
  and many screamed bloody murder when the jury sided with the ` wrong ' psychologists who said he knew what he was doing ... 
  exactly , i gave you sources and you ignored them and called me an ignorant racist . 
  the rest of your bullshit is n't even worth talking about . 
  * facepalm * no , by denying antisemetism among muslims . 
   i am a racist hypocrite because i am opposed to discriminatory labelling of a mayor each time his name is on the news ? 
  no , because you are denying racism and call people who do n't as well racists . 
  accusing people of racism for not being a hypocrite about racism like you are will not achieve anything worthwhile . 
   instead of praising the actions of our mayor actually i did . 
  but maybe that was n't clear enough . 
  and i 'm well past caring about those bullshit accusations of racism . 
  there are problems among certain minorities and screaming racism will not solve them . 
  capability . 
   someone made another link above yours saying the opposite is true in the uk . 
  not really . 
  the motive for 75 % of attacks is unknown and it does n't take demographics into account . 
  the uk only has 4.5 % muslims , so only counting the islamist antisemitic attacks would put them on the same level as the average already . 
  and they 're bound to account for a sizeable part of the anti-zionist ones . 
   or are we trading anti-semitism with anti-islam cards ? 
  well , the right most certainly does that . 
  i personally am just completely done with ignoring and downplaying bigotry from minorities because racism . 
  and generally speaking the ethnocultural background of some political figure may be relevant and not obvious in some cases and imo this is one . 
   who gets to define which world leaders are `` crazy maniacs who deserve to die '' ? 
  nobody get 's to define it , everyone gets to have that opinion about any world leader they damn well please , and if you have sufficient power you can act on that opinion , as sometimes happens . 
   did lyndon b. johnson deserve to die because of american 's ill-judged wars in vietnam , cambodia and laos ? 
  they used chemical weapons and committed war crimes . 
  yes . 
  well , do you have a better idea ? 
  a lot of the voters of the populist right are quite open about not actually wanting the populist right in power , but just stricter immigration policies . 
  and insisting that this is out of the question and a stupid demand anyway evidently did not work . 
  yes . 
  problem is there are other crazy maniacs who deserve to die and if you kill one you may well wind up with worse ones . 
  yes . 
  antisemitism was specifically coined to mean hatred of jews . 
  and yes , it is a misnomer . 
  can people stop throwing that red herring around already ? 
  considering the very high incidence of antisemitism among muslims , it 's a very good thing to do and worth pointing out . 
  and let 's not pretend everyone else just gets to ignore stupid assholes with a similar worldview ... 
   betting muslim gambling is haram you islamophobe !!, 
  yet the greens wanted to defund iter ... 
  you can be paranoid about spies without having any secrets worth stealing . 
  just crime , occasional political unrest and govt paranoia about photography of anything military apparently . 
  the red part is transnistria , which is n't much more dangerous , but apparently intervention on your behalf by your country is rather ineffective there . 
  they 're also pretty racist . 
  source : british foreign travel advice for moldova . 
  no , we 'd need to send industry to the moon , it has ressources . 
  and just how do you think you can possibly know that ? 
  it 's possible political games and plain bigotry would have kept turkey out anyway , but what is not possible is knowing wether or not it would have , without it even getting anywhere near formal readiness . 
  you 're just making excuses for not even trying . 
  edit : i do n't think turkey 's failure to make progress on the requirements validates the `` turkey is n't in europe '' bullshit . 
  yeah , punish your critics by proving them right . 
  always a clever move . 
  / s there are always assholes , do you defend people who think all turks are akp fans too ? 
  edit : do n't get me wrong , feel free to critizise europe 's mistakes in this , but i 'm tired of this ` this is all your fault ! ', 
  shit in politics . 
  it is rarely true .
