  the islamic state is still there , but wannabe jihadis will have a hard time getting there . 
  they 've kinda run out of borders that are n't fronts . 
  used to be popular with nazi bigshots , hitler had a house there . 
   first of all , many cultures have problems , including european ones . 
  for example , in `` white '' spain we have barbaric traditions such as the `` running of the bulls '' and so on . 
  yes , indeed africa has civilization and cultural problems that need to be addressed , but lets stop acting like we in the west have reached the end state of civilization . 
  i have in no way suggested we do n't have any problems . 
  in fact i just complained about one of them , namely having taken anti-racism and feeling bad about past wrongs done by our culture to others to absurd extremes . 
   i understand you may have just been saying it colloquially though . 
  essentially , yeah . 
  there are white/black cultures , but i do n't consider that a terribly relevant , let alone sharp , distinction . 
  but the folks i am bashing very much operate on that distinction . 
  i can bash americans or spaniards until i 'm blue in the face , but if i critizise nigerians i 'm suddenly a nazi . 
  a lot of people seriously think pointing out cultural problems of non-white cultures is by definition racism , particularly if white people are doing the pointing . 
  r/islam is pretty clear about being anti-gay . 
  ( being gay is acceptable , but you have to supress it ), 
  because people are really clingy about their religions . 
  and if you ca n't get atheists , nice heretics  conservative bigots . 
  is anything , really ? 
  the right/left distinction is very dependent on perceptions and local/current political sentiment . 
  left/right are not terribly accurate labels point is that ideas that were long considered right wing are gaining traction . 
  burqa bans are a textbook example for that even ... 
   that ` harsh on crime ' does n't work . 
  care to be more concrete about that ? 
  because i 'm having a very very hard time believing that many of the verdicts i hear about in the news even approach being a good idea . 
  ( like probation for your 5th robbery [ while on probation for nr . 
  4 ] , for beating someone within an inch of their life for no reason at all , or for killing a bystander in an illegal car race ) i mean i can buy locking a 1st time petty thief up being counter productive , but not that such extreme lenience for violent/career criminals is wise . 
  and you hear more about harsher verdicts for similar things now , which i consider an improvement . 
  the first one was only 3 years ago iirc . 
  and i also have the impression that judges as a group are swinging to the right now , following the generally shifting social climate . 
  thankfully , their system is more secure and their elected wannabe autocrat less cunning . 
  and unless the dems are stupid enough to run hillary again , i very much doubt he 'll get more than 4 years to fuck it up . 
  `` identify as atheists '' the label is much less popular than the worldview it describes . 
  nope , we decomissioned those a couple years back . 
   remember that germans gave beethoven , two douzen influental philosophers , lilienthal , benz and diesel , schiller and merkel . 
  then remember whom austrians gave to the world . 
  lol !, 
  ` my country is better than your country ' in defense of uncontrolled immigration ? 
  that 's the second time i saw that one today even . 
  this shit is getting crazier every hour . 
  and `` we have to tolerate blatlant and massive abuse of international law , because of international law and because there 's too many . '', 
  does n't get more sane with repetition either . 
   but amuse me , how would the god-like / u/macrosolid have solved the situation ? 
  copy the australians . 
  and no , i 'm not having that particular discussion twice today . 
  better a problematic solution than none at all . 
  being different does n't mean it ca n't be done . 
  but it sure serves as a great excuse if you do n't actually want it to be done , right ? 
   and what would that have achieved but to create civil unrest pretty much everywhere ? 
  do you think she would have been translated correctly the second time around ? 
  wow , now that is some wild apologism ... nice hero worship . 
   are you one of those people who ( pretend to ) mistake gfk-protection and political asylum ? 
  which one of these allows for picking the country you prefer , even if you 're not actually fleeing war or persecution ? 
   then why are you pointing fingers ? 
  if you are somehow under the impression i 'm not pointing fingers at the austrians who joined her in this you are badly mistaken . 
   she did not invite them before , she did not invite them afterwards , and she never clearly corrected the misunderstanding . 
  did she ? 
   anything else is just following the letter of the asylum law . 
  uh , no . 
  read up on what it actually says please . 
   of course , if the austrians did not just put them in busses on their southern borders and sent them heading to germany , instead picking up their responsibility , ... we took in as many as you did per capita . 
  ( edit : more actually , since you started sending migrants back to us , while bitching about anybody else doing similar things ) but of course you like to forget about that , so you can pretend to have the moral high ground . 
  strangely australia managed all this without starting any wars or getting sanctioned into oblivion . 
  it 's almost as if it 's not as impossible as you clearly want it to be . 
  do i need to show you a map ? 
  copy the australians , seems to work well enough for them . 
  can we close down the bloody route already ? 
  no country wants that many poor migrants and unless we stop them from coming this will escalate until it tears the eu apart . 
  okay : i will not wire you any money !, 
  sod off !, 
  see the analogy to what merkel should have done to correct the misunderstanding ? 
  go to hell . 
  i 'm not a spineless politician who will spend other people 's money rather than try to fix their fuck ups . 
  curiously enough , you never hear about refugees that are actually libyans . 
  the geneva convention does not cover the bullshit that is going on . 
  australia is n't getting sanctioned , is it ? 
  then just stop playing ball with the euhrc ruling . 
  or just close your ports to the ferries . 
  but do n't just sit there and bitch about eu inaction . 
  force their hand !, 
  and i doubt giving the migrants citizenship will solve anything . 
  it 'll probably just kill schengen inside of a week and you 'll be stuck with them for good . 
  break the law and refuse to pay the fines . 
  threaten to leave the eu if this idiocy keeps being forced on you . 
  i was n't joking when i said escalate hard . 
  we 're not getting out of this by playing nice . 
  sascha will look mighty sad when he gets to swear in our shiny new right wing , anti-immigration government ... 
  actually the euhrc did precisely that . 
  but imo italy should tell them to go to hell and ship them back anyway . 
  and the eu should most certainly change the laws to allow it . 
  what 's going on is completely mad , rewarding law breakers is somehow a moral imperative now . 
  we have more migrants by capita than italy does , yet somehow we need to take the pressure off italy . 
  you can take them if you want but we 're done . 
  close the fucking route !, 
  that would be true if the smugglers had a fleet of subs . 
  they do not . 
  bar the migrant ferries from your ports and tell whoever complains to get fucked . 
  patrol the med , rescue the migrants and then put them back where they started ( and tell lybia to get fucked if they complain ) . 
  stop begging for help , stop threatening to escalate , escalate hard !, 
  i just looked around and it went up significantly in fall 2015 , just like i remembered it did .
