  and restricting immigration of more of them until we have a handle on that would make it quite a bit easier . 
  hell , we still have mosques all over europe that are effectively run by the turkish government , which is growing increasingly hostile to us . 
  not to even start with the fucking saudis . 
  we 're doing way too little against this threat . 
  sure . 
  but you still do n't know what the reaction in the eu would have been if turkey did super well in everything instead of sliding into an islamist tyranny . 
  funny how many clairvoyants turkey has ... you can not possibly know that there inevitably would have been vetos no matter how well turkey did . 
  sure there is and was staunch opposition , but enough economic and political progress may well have eroded it . 
  and them getting that approval after fullfilling the requirements is uncertain , but not out of the question either . 
  noone actually knows how it would have played out . 
  it 's all speculation . 
  i think we already did , but it 's never too old to dig up when we 're uspet with you . 
  yeah , wind turbines seem to be a much better investment there . 
  aitib ( among others ) . 
  did n't say we 're any smarter ... 
  kick out ditib already you bloody fools . 
  but then we had enough and that gets you more hate than never doing anything to begin with ... 
  http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.co.at/2009/01/susanne-winter-found-guilty.html ( could n't find a source that 's neutral and english ) short version : right wing politician got convicted for calling mohammed a child molester , referencing a hadith that says he consummated his marriage with aisha when she was nine . 
  but those are n't counted towards our redistribution quota . 
  i wish i was kidding . 
  that excuse would work a lot better for someone who does n't speak german ... 
  kern said that , not kurz . 
  that depends entirely on the kind of lies you 're spreading . 
  unless they are technically fraud , libel , or are specifically outlawed like holocaust denial , you can lie your ass off all you want . 
  we also punish people for using mean words to describe things holy texts say holy people did . 
  maybe he means all the questionable shit orban got up to regarding press freedom and such . 
  not neccesarily never , the vast majority of them was built in the last ten years . 
  really ? 
  you could complain about the windmills being an eyesore , or that they kill birds . 
  i think he means serbia got to rule them and croatia and ~ ~ serbia ~ ~ slovenia got to pay for it . 
  i do n't think a lot of people do either . 
  that empire died a century ago and most of its territory saw worse empires since . 
   we are perfectly capable of organizing horizontally . 
  no we are not . 
  that is doomed to break down because some people want more power and others can easily be talked to into thinking that someone knows best . 
  your ideas assume a will and capability to make them work that is n't anywhere near present enough . 
  there just are n't enough people able to see the big picture and willing to work for the greater good , much less agree on what the greater good is . 
   and what is the difference between someone that tries to seize power in a stateless society than in a state organized one ? 
  resistance . 
  anarchists do n't tend to be big on police and armies . 
  and for all their great many downsides , we need them as long as there are people willing to take what they want violently . 
   this is a typical misunderstanding of anarchist thought . 
  no , it 's a disagreement among anarchists . 
  some realise it just does n't work without some form of government and others do not . 
  and if you disagree you might want to advise your fellow anarchists to reevaluate their rhetoric . 
  or just how do you think most people will take statements like  why we have governments ? 
  and a great many people who are not anarchists agree that existing institutions need to be optimised to only do what 's neccesary and do that well . 
  ( but not on the details of what is neccesary or good governance ), 
  because they 're pretty much unavoidable . 
  if noone holds the power someone will grab for it . 
  and you ca n't really resist that without forming what is essentially also a government . 
  pity we 're so bad at making them work right , or even okay . 
  i have certainly seen people saying that sweden is a lost cause . 
  we 'd all save a lot of time if we just admitted that there are people totally full of shit on both sides of the argument . 
  the english version was decent when it was new , but that 's been a while . 
  well , usually experience shows them they 're wrong . 
  in this case that does n't seem to be happening . 
  we sure had a lot of anti-immigrant sentiment towards any new group . 
  but most of that faded away with time . 
  anti-muslim sentiment however just keeps getting worse . 
  it 's almost as if there actually is a serious problem with them . 
  ( and yes , i know they 're not all bad , repeating that mantra and calling people racists solves nothing ), 
  the size of what 's being sampled is surprisingly irellevant . 
  1000 randomly selected people is a good sample size for any population . 
  that 's an error margin of 3 % . 
  most pre-election polls i 've seen used a sample of 1000-1500 people no matter how big the electorate is . 
  ( and the popular examples of bad polling , brexit and trump , were in fact less than the error margin in favor of the outcome that did n't end up happening . ), 
  the people who said that need to learn how to read polls . 
  i did n't have any trouble realising trump and brexit were very much possible . 
  le pen on the other hand is much further behind . 
  unless a great many people are lying to the pollsters or something very dramatic happens before the election , she will not win . 
   he was expelled from the party by his daughter marine le pen on 20 august 2015 after new controversial statements and found himself marginalized in the french political landscape . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.francetvinfo.fr/politique/front-national/defile-du-fn-comment-marine-le-pen-va-marginaliser-son-pere_891797.html ) can you tell me what the hell happened there ? 
  because that 's more interesting than your reaching ... 
  according to wiki , he even got expelled in 2015 . 
  and almost managed to stop that with lawsuits aparrently ... wtf was that about ? 
  why does a french court even rule on party membership ? 
   reminds you of something ? 
  of corruption / legal loophole abuse . 
  nothing unusual , sadly . 
  if you mean what it reminds me of in austrian politics , haider pulled something similar . 
   what part of `` lets send them ebola '' coming from the party leader you do n't understand ? 
  what part of ` they 're not all like that ' or ` he 's not party leader anymore ' do you not understand ? 
  the one who got sidelined by his daugher/successor for being too extreme you mean ? 
  but i guess that is really just misdirection to you , just like the fp\u00d6 shitcanning a prominent member over praising a fb post that blames the migrants crisis on the jews ... because clearly , they are really all total nazis who just ca n't wait to murder everyone who 's the wrong color , but are just trying to hide it . 
  right ? 
  you can certainly find members that do , which seems to be enough for you to consider that `` their main talking point '' . 
  sooo , i ca n't know how bad the fn is because i 'm a foreigner , but you do know how bad the fp\u00d6 is despite being a foreigner . 
  nice argument . 
  i 've explained it to you already . 
  collective and inheritable guilt are not an argument worth a shit . 
   then why are you defending the political party they founded and their ranks full of people with the same tattoos , same songs and same attitude ? 
  i 'll try putting it in words you might understand : ` not all fn members/voters ! ', 
   i 'm not the one that never sat a foot in france , do n't speak french , never spoke to a fn member ( let alone watched them get arrested routinely ) and decided that `` they are n't so bad '' . 
  calling me an ignorant foreigner over an argument how bad your right wingers are is actually kind of funny . 
  and i already said , we have a very similar party with very similar arguments about them . 
  no , that is utter delusion on your part . 
  i was n't defending the fucking camp guards . 
  i was asking about current members . 
  so i guess the answer is ` there are some nazis in their ranks and i 'll just use that as proof that they 're all nazis and le pen is `` literally hitler '' ' .
