  until they ran out of money . 
  [ now we look like this . 
  because isreal is regarded by many as a sort-of european country . 
  what with being populated to a large degree by european emigrants/refugees and being in a alot of european organisations because their own neighborhood hates them . 
  i do n't think they 're gon na do that again . 
  it backfired and achieved nothing . 
  they have n't done it to orban either ... 
  russia just does n't put as much effort into avoiding collateral damage . 
  not least because russia gets less shit than a western country does when they kill innocent bystanders . 
  seriously , i 've seen people literally fantasizing about nato committing a mass murder they can be outraged about . 
  i found the meaning of her statement pretty obvious ( and insane ) . 
  quotas worked very poorly so far , but she is confident that will improve exponentially , because apparently all eu countries will learn to love the refugees and refugees will learn to love all eu countries equally . 
  wow . 
  at that rate you 're gon na have a coast by 2040 . 
  do you speak german ? 
  because i do n't think i 'm gon na find anything in english . 
  http://derstandard.at/2000027058445/krach-um-kindergaerten-im-zeichen-des-korans edit : i was wrong , found one : http://www.thelocal.at/20151206/kurz-calls-for-islamic-school-closures, 
  * says * `` please get your facts right '' * proceeds to post spin * yeah , hard evidence is still out , but ednan aslan is not a `` political contestant '' and the people who `` asked for more details a year ago '' stonewalled efforts to get more details . 
  not to mention that it is their job to get those details if someone brings up a possible problem , instead of acting like kids caught with their hand in the cookie jar . 
  just what the fuck is wrong with that moron ? 
  he 's antagonizing several countries by trying to threaten them into letting them have his way , which wo n't work , because a reduction in euromoneys would require a majority they wo n't get together . 
  the failed redistribution sheme was a close thing already and the immigration fans lost clout since that . 
  not to mention his voters are getting fed up with mass immigration . 
  ( on top of 100.000 + new asylum seekers this year , it came to light that there are state subsidised salafist kingergartens in vienna . 
  and the reaction to that relevation by the city govt , leftists and muslim organisations was attacking the whistleblowers ) if he keeps this shit up the fp\u00d6 will have overtaken the government parties combined by summer 2016 . 
  why not slovekia for maximum confusion ? 
  sure , but being extreme about it usually means less effectiveness and more collateral damage . 
   even john brown ? 
  yes . 
  was that supposed to be a hard question ? 
  he was quick to kill people for his noble cause , yet did n't actually further it . 
  and on the schengen border as well , which you are actually required by law to guard against illegal immigrants . 
  i remember when people were worried that the then new eastern member countries would n't do that well enough . 
   you really are into democracy , right ? 
  wrong . 
  it may be the best human governance has to offer , but that 's an extremely lousy standard . 
   but anti-facists are not fascist . 
  not enough nationalism in there , and not enough totalitarianism . 
  the term has long ago mutated to mean not only the historical movement of fascism , but also anyone and their dog who tries to surpress dissent . 
  and you guys bitching about that when its applied to leftist nutbags does n't stop it . 
  but it does amuse me . 
   also i highly doubt it was actually true if it was ban-worthy lol !, 
  `` ban-worthy '' is a really low bar around here . 
  nope , cats are cats , dogs are dogs and neo-nazis are also fascists . 
  how does this work ? 
  extremists are insane assholes , no matter how noble the ideal they 're extreme about . 
  i 've heard people claim the other muslims groups in china are well integrated and thus are unlikely to go for the ` kill the infidel ' thing . 
  and that being everything i heard of them makes it sound plausible . 
   strangely the roma who went to israel after the holocaust have integrated perfectly . 
  we have well integrated roma too . 
  it works if both sides want it to . 
  edit : actually most countries with roma do . 
  of course integrated roma rarely are noted as such . 
  do you think that leaders who invite the world in and angrily insist it 'll work out fine are the only possible kind of leader besides genocidal racist warmongers ? 
  like most politicians do : lack of good alternatives . 
  we can pretty much only choose which gang of corrupted idiots runs the country into the ground . 
  right wing nutjobs of the ` jews are behind everything ' variety . 
  yup , old habits die hard and blaming everything on the jews is an old habit of the far right . 
  an austrian right winger recently got herself fired from the fp\u00d6 by cheering on a facebook post that called the refugee crisis a jewish plot . 
   calling someone a pedophile , especially as a politician ( more people hear what you say , and sometimes it means more trustworthy/authority ) , can have serious repercussions though . 
  sure it can cause reprecussions , but that 's no reason for it to illegal to talk about it . 
  and it 's not like she made that up , aisha 's age is controversial , but in some hadiths she was nine . 
   do you have more details about the other guy who got convicted ? 
  i can give you a better translation of what he said but i doubt i can find you a source in english . 
  here 's the german source : http://ooe.orf.at/news/stories/2735864/, 
   that is usually related to threats , no ? 
  usually , but not always . 
  one guy got convicted for shittalking black people and saying they need to gtfo of europe and a far right politician got convicted for bringing up aisha 's age and calling mohammed a pedo . 
  neither of those involved any threats or calls for violence . 
  because stopping would entail admitting it is n't theirs anymore . 
   let me repeat/rephrase . 
  these people were not a product of the recent wave of mass immigration . 
  so offering `` stop mass immigration '' as a solution does not make sense . 
  yes , stopping mass immigration will not remove the islamists we already have , but it will make it harder for them to operate and recruit . 
  edit : oh , and stopping islamists with no eu passport from getting in . 
  as i said one has been caught trying . 
  and i seriously doubt he 's the only one that tried . 
  edit2 : it would also make it easier to intercept islamists with a eu passport who are abroad and who we know have commited crimes . 
   do you mean `` stop all immigration '' ? 
  more like what canada does . 
  all the ones that seem useful and some contingent of refugees straight from the local refugee camps . 
  and make a better effort at integration . 
  with consequences if the immigrants fail to comply . 
  but letting them come in those number with no or little control is madness . 
   what does that have to do with open borders ? 
  open eu external borders . 
  people getting into the eu without any checks . 
  and yes the eu does not officially have open external borders , but the way the migrant crisis is handled it does in practice . 
  to prevent more of the same ? 
  a staple of european islamists is dissapointed youths with migrant background and no perspective being radicalised by islamists . 
  there is no good reason why that wo n't work with some of the new arrivals after they learn europe ai n't paradise . 
  or maybe their kids in a decade or two . 
  how is that not obvious ? 
  also , at least one of the terrorists blended in with immigrants to get back to europe from syria . 
  and another not-eu national known terrorist got caught trying to get in that way , so dismissing the security concers arising from wide open borders with ` those terrorists all had citizenship ' is a spectacularly lousy excuse for an argument . 
  stop mass immigration until we have integration programs that work a great deal better than they have so far . 
  it 's not in the article . 
  we have been told not to do it by the commission and merkel and our government is still arguing about it . 
  so we do n't get a free pass on this . 
  but of course the later you do it the less shit you get for it , because it 's becoming more and more obvious mass immigration sucks .
