   the attacks in k\u00f6ln were talked about the day after yeah , in a couple of newspapers , mostly local ones , and facebook . 
  a public channel actually apologized for being so slow to cover it . 
  ( at least a day after it hit international front pages ) oh yeah , and the cops lied about there being no attackers that are refugees . 
  they also reported `` a quiet night '' on the 1st . 
  it gets exaggerated a lot , but it really was a fucking disgrace . 
  hey , the majority of austrian erdogan fans are willing to go to turkey ... if we pay them for it . 
  sure , but it also gets annoying when you downplay the shit they actually do , yet point out you hate them . 
  each side is getting angry at the other sides bias . 
  this is n't getting us anywhere worth being . 
  we do have a lot of actual germans . 
  he said muslim minority , not just minority . 
  yet many of them still make excuses for him to defend the honor of their nation . 
  polls , people bitching about it , huge newspapers running propaganda against them ... it is pretty obvious imo . 
  yes . 
  a 40 % lead strikes me as pretty damn safe . 
  latest poll has ~ 60 % for remain and ~ 20 % for leave , so i 'm rather confident there wo n't be a referendum . 
  iirc some group also tried to get enough signatures to get a referendum and failed a year or two back . 
  the eu ai n't popular here , but we 're small and pretty much encircled by it , so we 'd be badly screwed without it and many of our eurosceptics realise that . 
  i 've gotten the impression fp\u00d6 leadership never really wanted out of the eu , but they did want those sweet anti-eu votes . 
  and since migrant crisis and brexit they 've got more voters that do n't want out , so their anti-eu rhetoric is getting weaker . 
  the question is by how many , it 's not like there are n't lots of french folks who consider it unfunny and in bad taste . 
  there 's bound to be germans who like it , combined with the ` defending free speech ' bonus , that may well make it viable . 
  as it happens i also consider them too crude , but i might still buy the odd copy , just as a fu to the folks who want them banned or dead . 
  the ability to force reelections and give his party the first shot at forming a coalition falls far short of being able to install a fascist dictatorship . 
  they still wo n't have a majority in parliament . 
  minus all the pointless drama . 
  they way they 're going , it seems like a pointless theater . 
  close the negotiations and tell them they can reapply when they actually care to fulfill the requirements . 
  trying to fix its problems would also be real nice . 
  but he made it clear that he did n't . 
  the crisis is everywhere . 
  the established parties all suck and the new ones tend not to be worth a damn either . 
  and this is n't just a german problem either . 
  he did n't actually indicate he believed she was toast before reading this , and you did n't correct him , you basically called `` the gentleman '' an igorant idiot . 
  did i or summatclever dispute the fact that she is still popular ? 
  nope . 
  arguing against your favorite strawman instead of the point actually made is really no better than `` tabloids , fake facebook news and reddit memes '' . 
  and you are what happens when you exclusively consume media with the opposite bias . 
  reality again refuses to conform to the simplistic narrative of either side ... 
  that was an iraqi . 
  or are you talking about another case ? 
  i can point to shit governance for at least half the countries on this list . 
  very much including my own . 
  best governed does n't mean well governed . 
  they all suck , those just suck the least . 
  nope , they angrily dimissed the very possibility that terrorists will come in among the refugees and tried to shame people who did n't agree . 
  it did n't matter to them how people worried about it , they just always assumed the worst . 
  the german govt actually told its own secret service to shut up about that obvious danger . 
  several politicians , media outlets and many redditors were outraged about people worrying it happens at all . 
  right wing bullshit does n't make your bullshit smell any better . 
   post-truth politics era can somebody actually point me to an era where politicans were n't lying their asses off and ignoring facts that do n't suit them and large parts of the public believing them ? 
  it baffled me how so many people could insist things that worked before and are currently working elswhere can not possibly work here and now and believe it themselves . 
  somebody did and their attempt was on tv . 
  because we have people in our countries that want us dead or under their boot and are ready to murder to achieve that and their numbers are growing . 
  that 's a pretty good reason to be alarmed in my book , even if their odds of success do n't look so great . 
   meanwhile we try to keep society as open and liberal as possible . 
  to which goal islamism is a serious threat , so we need to get rid of it . 
   again , you 're switching perspective . 
  i 'm talking about his free speech , you 're talking about yours . 
  not i am not . 
  you 're not infringing on someone 's free speech by telling them they should use it differently . 
  seriously , look it up . 
   i doubt it says that free speech is saying what you 're told to say by others . 
  you might want to look it up in a different dictionary . 
  ok , now that is just plain stupid . 
  telling others that you think they should be saying something else is still free speech . 
   i thought we were having a conversation about this artist 's protest , but you keep switching from saying something about him to ` making a general point ' whenever it suits you . 
  i was making a general point the whole time , but i really should have made that more clear in my first two posts . 
   telling other people what they should be protesting against is not exactly free speech , is it ? 
  yes it is . 
  you might want to look up what free speech actually means . 
   again , you 're only assuming he lets the muslim ` kid ' get away with the same . 
  no , i know that a lot of anti-bigotry campaigners do just that and i see it as a problem that should be fixed . 
  i do n't know wether or not that particular artist does . 
   so now you 're assuming to know his opinion about hate speech coming from muslims ? 
  i 'm making a general point , might not actually apply to the artist in question . 
   ... and you 're telling other people what to do , which is silly . 
  seriously ? 
  you 're having a political discussion , telling other people what you think they should do is pretty much how this works . 
   i do n't know if you have kids , but when you punish one because he stole a cookie from the jar , do you first inquire with parents in the neighbourhood if they maybe have kids that stole cookies as well , so you can gather them all at once and not leave any cookie thief unpunished ? 
  no , but i also do n't punish one kid for stealing cookis and let another kids get away with same . 
   it 's not ` double standards ' . 
  on an individual basis not neccesarily , problem is it 's another example of a trend . 
  a trend that also includes declarations that some bigotry really is n't bigotry at all . 
   he 's free to choose what he wants to address , there is no law that says that we have to include every other instance of something when we criticize something . 
  i did n't say it 's not allowed , i said it 's unwise . 
  the proponents of tolerance have discredited themselves by doing that too much , they really should start making up for it , because if they do n't it 'll just keep getting worse . 
  yes , double standards for when intolerance is a problem discredits anti-intolerance campaigning . 
  it 's scary how many people still do n't understand that ... 
  a politician admitting they screwed up ? 
  highly unlikely . 
  he won the elections and his party changed the rules for him iirc . 
  umm , that echo chamber broke in 2016 . 
  nowadays you see the hard leftists whine about imaginary right wing brigading because the consensus has changed so much . 
  of course some mods are still fighting the battle they lost already . 
  ... at least bavaria got a really cool tourist attraction out of it . 
  there can be but among white people outside the far right , ethno nationalism is pretty much dead . 
  culture , not color . 
  mauretania and west sahara are missing . 
  does n't pretty much every rich city have that problem ?
