  i think your chances would have been decent if you actually kept working on meeting the requirements . 
  this . 
  negotiations are dead and have n't been going anywhere for years . 
  people going on about turkey not joining the eu whenever the akp does something we do n't like is really getting old . 
  well op said never and never is a big word . 
  but with what 's going on now , i 'd say anything before 2050 is very unlikely . 
  turkey never even came close to fullfilling the standard requirements for joining so noone in turkey can possibly know that they would have been rejected anyway if they did . 
   why do you all want to bring erdogan , the democratically elected president down ? 
  because he 's wrecking that democracy quickly and deliberately . 
  and the economy too , antagonizing the source of much of your revenue will do that . 
  not mention the education system . 
  i do n't like shitty tyrants , i do n't like theocrats either and he 's both . 
  and frankly i 'm done with the west putting up with his shit , that he can leverage that for the old ` everyone 's against us , let me protect you ! ', 
  shit does n't change that . 
  edit : oh and let 's not forget him deliberately sabotaging integration of turkish immigrants in europe . 
  yes . 
  dictatorship does not rule out peaceful policy . 
  putin could have chosen differently and we could have given him more incentives to do that . 
  but he did n't and we did n't , so cold war 2 is on . 
  well , maybe you should lead with the explanation part , since you realise the angry rants with little in the way of explanations by many turks have only made it worse . 
   what exactly do you want me to do about erdo\u011fan though ? 
  try to sway your fellow turks for all that is worth . 
  maybe there is still a chance to get rid of him if the economy tanks hard and he does n't get away with blaming it on a western conspiracy . 
  but i 'm not terribly optimistic . 
  funny how i heard a hundred ` westerners have no clue and hate turks !!! ', 
  rants but noone bothered to mention that . 
  you guys suck at pr . 
  maybe the coup was genunine , either way the tyrant is winning . 
  maybe you should focus on that part not the bad bad arrogant foreigners with no clue . 
  if you do n't believe the story you should have asked for a source to begin with , not go onto some weird ass tangent about a similar crime that tends to get tougher sentences due to lobbying influence of the victims . 
  good day sir . 
  most likely none . 
  well , i 'd say both sides wasted the chance to further their own ambitions . 
  your post very much included the word banks . 
  are you trolling me or do you need help ? 
  no , the post you responded to did not include the word ` bank ' . 
  do n't know about his other robberies , but in his last one he robbed an individual . 
  no , but confirmation helps . 
  that 's different , banks are rich . 
  / s i think chances of getting only probation for a bank robbery are pretty poor in the first place . 
  hey , reducing your enemies to their worst extremes while complaining about them doing the same thing to you never gets old . 
  not still , again . 
  could have gone better , it just did n't . 
  even if she did , who cares ? 
  not just the police , the courts too . 
  you hear about slap on the wrist sentences for serious violent crime and career criminals quite a bit . 
  get caught at your fifth robbery in two years ? 
  probation it is !, 
  that he already is on probation gets ignored . 
  i can only hope the rest of the political landscape gets sane before the far right takes over . 
  no , that is n't a contradiction . 
  losing turf in a fight you started is n't unheard of . 
  and frankly having to explain that to a russian is a little ridiculous . 
  still , i 'm not sure what to make of this . 
  msm is silent , so the ukrainans could be exaggerrating . 
  not disagreeing with you , but have you seen the rest of our politicians ? 
  i 've avoided news on domestic politics for a few years , because it just got too ridiculous . 
  people take strache seriously for the same reason trump got elected . 
  people are pissed with the other guys too . 
  i agree we should give them military assistance , but it 's hard to fight a war if you 're bankrupt , so the financial assistance certainly helped . 
  a lot of them are trying hard to mainstream themselves , which includes denouncing racism . 
  and ` rightwing populist ' is a somewhat unwieldy term . 
  i think flat land is better for wind turbines , if the placement of ours is anything to go by . 
  in fact according to this map , there generally are n't a whole lot of them in the alps . 
  i think that 's mostly due to vichy france and maybe the franco-prussian war . 
  the formerly strongest land army in europe surrendering to upstart germans that later got defeated twice is hard to live down , particularly if there are n't any major wars to restore your reputation of military prowess with . 
  yup and the shift has only been party policy since 2014 . 
  they used to squabble with israel and the reps of the austrian jewish community quite a bit . 
  not sure when they stopped , but i do n't think i heard any official statements like that since the 2005 shism . 
  but i do think it will work to some degree in the long run , unless the mainstream parties get serious and smart about the islamists . 
  and mind you the article is mostly about officials , it does have ( vague and unsupported ) estimates about jews voting the fp\u00d6 presidential candidate ranging from 10 to 50 % . 
  ( from jewish community figures vs. an fp\u00d6 guy , so the latter is almost certainly way too high ), 
  well , this one is true , so there 's nothing wrong with believing it . 
  ( read it in several german language news papers when the initial ruling was made ), 
  just give them to some animal rights group and they will obsessively look for violations . 
  or maybe paying some people who watch a couple random ones every day , might be a better idea . 
   meaningless in the current discussion . 
  the use makes the word not the invention . 
  so if fascists use a word or argument it magically becomes invalid ? 
  that ` logic ' is quite simply utterly insane . 
  ( and no everyone else has most certainly not stopped using that because the fascists started to use it . ), 
   that 's the crux though . 
  you have a quarrel with them because they 're muslims and not because they have reactionary views while defending local far right views and ways of thinking . 
  lol !, 
  the ` you do n't believe what you say you believe , you believe what i think you believe !! ', 
  argument . 
  beyond pathetic . 
   in our present case , you 've defended fascists no i did n't you delusional liar . 
   i have n't defended any reactionary muslim not that i saw , but if you do n't , why the hell do you freak out at the ` regressive left ' label ? 
  because people still use it to denote just that . 
  that fascists use it too and pretend the whole left is like that does n't make the term invalid or racist , they 're just using it wrong . 
   nah , anyone using fascist talking points is either one himself or their fool . 
  that 's far from anybody who dares criticize . 
  that 's actually a small subsection of critics . 
  that is a total cop out . 
  the fascists will hardly fail to bash anything about you , since you 're their favorite enemies and if they do you can still just declare any critizism you do n't like a fascist talking point . 
  can you even give me an example of a critizism you do not agree with that you do not deem a fascist talking point ? 
  and frankly ` group x is evil and says y , so y must be wrong ' is about as stupid as arguments get . 
  i can explain why racism is bad without using the far right as an argument ...  i repeat because you did n't seem to understand the first time . 
  `` regressive left '' is a sound bite with no substance that is pushed by tabloid culture to smear mostly good policies .
