  people just do n't agree what of . 
  edit : also , muslims are n't a race . 
  while that of course is n't an excuse for mindless bigotry against all of them as it 's often used , stop playing the bloody racism card whenever your beliefs are offended . 
   this is going to sound pedantic , but the terms first , second and third world are not so much rankings , as they are describing political blocks of countries it is not pedantic , it is silly . 
  the meaning of words change . 
  yes , it used to be a political disctinction . 
  but now it 's an economic one . 
  perhaps , but it would have been much better if both the eu ( and imf , etc. ), 
  and greece had and in reality neither did . 
  edit : but of course if our esteemed leaders were n't corrupt idiots the whole crisis would never have happened to begin with . 
  sure you have to take it into account , but you should not let emotion guide policy . 
  playing the blame game instead of actually trying to fix the mess is getting us nowhere . 
  it most certainly does . 
  which is one of the reasons we ca n't have nice things . 
  the greece crisis is a collective fuck up of epic proportions , and 90 % of the discussion is spent blaming others and covering your own arse . 
  9 % of gdp actually . 
  still pretty high tho . 
  speak for yourself . 
  it 's getting less true , but it 's still funny . 
   in that case the burden of proof would be on you to show me gypsies that do n't cheat or take advantage of people outside of their communities . 
  nope , burden of proof is on the claimaint and you made the claim . 
  go dig up some statistics , it 's not like there are n't any . 
  and they are pretty damning iirc , but not as bad as you think . 
  point taken . 
  stupid national pride ? 
  :p well , why else would some belgians dispute it being a genocide on a technicality ? 
  i honestly do n't see much of a moral difference between murdering millions out of greed and murdering millions out of hatred . 
  stupid national pride and not wanting to pay reparations on part of the belgians , plus the fact that it does n't come up a lot . 
  genocide recognition has n't come terribly far yet . 
  history is littered with genocides , and few of them get much attention . 
  noone yet , the finale is this evening . 
  weird , i live in a red area and wind turbines are popping up like mushrooms around here . 
  maybe so , but that 's no reason to give it up and be an asshole like your enemy . 
  it may be satisfying , but it does n't achieve anything worthwhile . 
  i 'm not saying it 's easy , but it is important . 
  the moral high ground may not be as important as physical high ground in a war , but it certainly helps . 
   local anesthesia would be enough for fixing one 's shoulder . 
  it would , but that does n't mean the soldier trusts the medic to actually give him local rather than full anesthesia . 
  a needle 's a needle and a soldier ai n't a pharmacist . 
  not saying it ca n't be a lie , but it 's not hardly-believable . 
  not funny at all . 
  overgeneralisation is bad . 
  treating all russians as if they blindly lapped up govt/nationalist propaganda helps noone but the russian govt/nationalists . 
  they already tell their people that their enemies hate russians in general . 
  do n't make them right ... 
  because they want the same rights as everyone else , in practial and symbolic terms and tradition is a poor reason to deny it to them . 
  well , he 's in parliament , so he 's a lawmaker , even if he ca n't get any laws passed . 
  tho op should have replaced ` dutch lawmaker ' with geert wilders , i think people here know who he is . 
  not in parliament , but it is going to happen . 
  and i really wish we could do that without a hatefest against muslims in general to go with it . 
  they 're not openly singing their praises , but news i read elsewhere they do n't report gets a bit obvious over time . 
  nothing about putin financing the far right in the eu , nothing when strache defended russia , nothing about the alleged opression of tatars in crimea ... and looking at the latest mh17 article they do n't seem to like going into detail about the evidence that points rather firmly at the rebels . 
  and seriously , the comments have become dominated by downright hysterical anti-western sentiment a long time ago . 
  do you expect them to not play to their audience ? 
  edit : obviously the reverse is true of other media , it 's not like honesty and objectivity is as valued as people prented . 
  judging by occasional looks at derstandard ( leftist austrian paper ) they just completely ignore that . 
  putin is n't jelcyn . 
  his macho image is really important to him , and it is conceivable that he 'd rather vanish for two weeks than show weakness . 
  but it certainly does n't apply to russian leaders in general . 
  well , that depends on the quality of the kebab . 
  i read that albania is very irreligious , much like what happened to christian northern europe . 
  pretty sure the answer to that question is world war ii . 
  pretty sure you 're wrong about that . 
  the fp\u00d6 stinks , but the welcome culture was utter insanity . 
  the utter refusal to see the pretty obvious fact that this was a protest vote is frankly scary . 
   now the question remains what the catch-all parties can do to curb the fp\u00d6 or if that 's even possible , since emulating their positions has not worked out . 
  it probably does in the long run . 
  i mean seriously , the govt course change is like three months old . 
  do you really except the voters to forgive that fast ? 
  well , ok . more than i though there was . 
  but `` headline news all over germany on january 2 '' is still wrong unless by headline news you mean `` it has a headline '' . 
  except for suedeutsche those are all local news . 
  and four articles with few details , half of them under panorama is something very different from `` headline news all over germany '' . 
  as i said , local news . 
  also dismissing the blatlant censorship on reddit , by going `` they 're a shit source anyway '' really does n't do you any favors . 
   cologne was headline news all over germany on january 2 , 48 hours after the events of nye january 4th actually . 
  tv news on the 5th . 
  and they kept lying about details for at least a week ( police and press ) , until individual cops went and spilled the beans . 
  a month later you heard they try to find out which cops , so they can punish them . 
  and i did n't hear a peep of it on the radio until like the 10th . 
  before that it only showed up in local news . 
  oh , and reports of it on facebook got deleted because hatespeech . 
  and on reddit it got deleted from r/europe , r/worldnews , r/news , r/twoxchromosomes , etc. 
  but nooooo , noone tried to cover that up . 
  are you lying to yourself , or to everyone else ? 
  he did n't actually blame anything on the eu . 
  our politicans are worthless , yet we keep putting them in power . 
  eu or national ones makes little difference . 
  do you speak german ? 
  their report on the first attempt to break the border in idomeni was a rather good example of blatlant bias in reporting . 
  and it by far is n't the only one . 
  their reporting on the refugee crisis drove me off after using them as my goto german news source for years . 
  after the second half of 2015 i have a hard time blaming anyone for screaming l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  people took fighting the racists so insanely far they turned them into prophets . 
  i found it surprising , otherwise i would have never been one . 
  it 's a disgusting and hypocritical betrayal of their supposed values . 
   even if they do n't actually look white . 
  i did n't say there are n't any white jews , or even that most of them are n't . 
  i was talking solely about their position in the progressive stack , which only takes their skin color into account if it 's jews vs. jews . 
  does n't matter .
