  the good stuff in the bible is n't exclusive to it , changes nothing about the bad stuff and i see no reason to pick out the good stuff from the bible other than the fact that it is good stuff . 
  being good does n't make them core principles . 
  be careful about commenting on votes . 
  a lot of redditors have a weird hatred for that . 
   well it 's not actually an issue , as i could believe anything i want and as long as it does n't infringe on your rights you ca n't do shit . 
  sure i can . 
  i can say what i think about it . 
  and i do . 
   also your judgement that the texts are immoral is also just your opinion . 
  i did n't say the texts are immoral as a whole , just that there 's immoral stuff in them . 
  and i do n't think you 'll defend the morality of ... say ... having to marry your rapist if he pays your dad off . 
   let me clarify , i am atheist , i 'm just not a dick about it . 
  neither am i. i 'm just not letting politeness get in the way of saying what i think when the issue comes up . 
  i 'm not the guy to scream ` you 're an ignorant idiot !!! ', 
  at anyone who brings up their religion , but i wo n't ignore things i consider wrong or fucked up just to be nice . 
   let me quote a passage from the book of `` no one gives a flying monkey turd about your theistic theories , seriously '' : chapter shut the fuck up , passage bravery . 
  i wish i could downvote you more than once for posting this severely retarded piece of polemics . 
  you 're severely oversimplyfying the issue . 
  the core principles they share are ` there is a god , worship him ' . 
  the good moral commandments that are shared , are shared because they make sense , not because they 're shared core principles . 
  they 're not anymore central to the texts than stuff that is widely ignored . 
  ( for example the ten commandments actually come with prescribed punishments for breaking them . 
  take a wild guess what the most common punishment is . ), 
  and it 's not just outdated and abused . 
  there 's patently immoral and stupid bullshit in those texts . 
  by muslims ignoring that stuff . 
  just like many christians do with similar bullshit in the bible . 
  while islam is supposed to be clearly defined , that is not how it actually works . 
  muslims believe whatever they want and think what they believe is true islam . 
  moderate muslims really think islam demands peace above all else . 
  just like many backwards muslims really think islam demands fgm . 
  yet you 'll find neither commandment in the qu ` ran or the hadiths . 
  insisting moderate muslims are lying or getting islam wrong is just as retarded as insisting none of the fucked up shit some muslims do has anything to do with islam . 
  the stupidity on reddit when it comes to islam drives me fucking nuts !, 
  i have no idea how much it would expand tbh . 
  loosing wwii so badly left a lasting impression on the germans . 
  turning much of germany into a field of rubble really drove the point home that war really really sucks . 
  the thorough national shaming conducted by the occupiers did n't help their confidence either . 
  neither does the nazis widely being considered an uncomparable peak of evil . 
  and to this day , you see nazi references cropping up whenever they do something unpopular . 
  oh and german history classes are quite dominated by the nazis and all the fucked up shit they did . 
  germany has quite the national trauma going on . 
  they 're getting better , but not fast . 
  and it 's funny that the people who complain most about germanys excessive pacifism come from the countries that contributed greatly to causing it . 
  while your efforts to stop them from doing this shit again were a good thing , you overdid it and are now stuck with the consequences . 
  maybe less complaints about their lacking enthusiasm for warfare and more praise for becoming so nice would help , i dunno . 
  100m is about the maximum afaik . 
  all ice melting would account for about 80 meters . 
  there would be more clouds , but you have to factor in the expansion of the water due to higher temperature . 
  the rivers flowing through it might stop draining into the sea and instead make a new one . 
  but i guess this map just ` floods ' every place below 100 meters . 
  man , a quarter of europe sinks and we still do n't get a coast . 
   i do n't have any vegetarian friends , so how can i hold meat-eaters to the same standard ? 
  i fail to see how the two are related . 
  also , you missed my point . 
  i just wanted to tell you that your statement comes across as `` i 'm better than the stupid meat-eaters '' . 
  you may not want to leave that impression on people . 
   i certainly do n't hold meat-eaters to the same standard as myself , though . 
  most think `` because it 's tasty '' is a valid argument . 
  do you really think it 's a good idea to reinforce the `` vegetarians are arrogant self-righteous asses '' sentiment like that ? 
   there are biological reasons too , eating meat three times a year does n't work out too well , because of gut bacterial flora . 
  that 's a new one . 
  source ? 
  my brother does precisely that ( after years as vegan/vegetarian ) and does n't seem to have a problem . 
  of course that does n't mean it has to be fine for everyone , but still i 'm a tad sceptical . 
   you take a general stance and stay with it as long as it feels right . 
  while that is fine for practical purposes , it is n't in an argument . 
  if your reasons to not eat meat do n't apply to all meat , you just should acknowledge that and say you still wo n't eat any to be sure , instead of making up an ad-hoc rationalisation just so you do n't have to conceed the point . 
  i consider lousy rationalisations hilarious . 
  ymmv . 
  are there any new developments on the issue ? 
  i remember reading about renewed efforts for unification two years or so ago ... 
  even funnier is if you ask them if they 'd eat shmeat ( vat meat ) . 
  edit : assuming they do n't eat meat for ethical reasons . 
  me neither . 
  but you 're ten times as many . 
  just do n't vote them in again . 
  oh , come on . 
  we 'll do better this time . 
  in fact , we are , since we 're at least as close now as any time other than 1938-1945 . 
  germany . 
  same language , cultural differences are not all that big . 
  assuming of course our common govt is n't as bad as the last one . 
  because more and more europeans are panicking over mass immigration ( particularly of muslims ) . 
  please tell me that was a rhetorical question and you did n't actually fail to see something so blindingly obvious . 
  some already have . 
  i 'm quickly running out of people i know who do n't consider this flood of immigrants a serious problem . 
  even the leftiest folks who blew their stack only months ago if you suggested anything other than letting everyone in who shows up on our borders . 
   you do n't lead a country with emotions . 
  you should n't , but it happens more often than not . 
  hehe . 
  i remember the austrian left and right marching together against the lisbon treaty . 
  that shit was funny . 
  i 'm not blaming the refugee , but i 'm still not letting the capitalist use him to screw me over . 
  driving down wages and killing welfare systems might be another motive if it really is n't just apalling incompetence . 
  right now the capitalist is taking another half cookie and telling the citizen he 's a nazi if he does n't want to share his half cookie with the poor refugee and the left is cheering him on . 
  the situation is getting seriously absurd . 
  yeah , i 'm beginning to see some hatred of the native poor by people decrying hatred against immigrants . 
  seems like the poor are in the way of humanitarianism ... 
  looking at it a little , you seem to have a point , it 's not as total a prohibition as i 've heard .
