  if they 're caught exploiting/abusing their kids , take their kids away . 
   would destroying the culture require destroying the people ? 
  nope . 
   i agree with your first statement but fear the second . 
  i was afraid the wording was a bit too harsh . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm just as much against defending a minority no matter how much it fucks up as i am against racism . 
  this culture is a serious problem , including for themselves ( except the fuckers in ops pictures ) and needs to be ~ ~ destroyed ~ ~ changed . 
  sure it can be done , some of them are integrated . 
  ( tho the integrated ones often hide their ethnic background , because they do n't want to be associated with not integrated roma ), 
  oversized bling always makes me laugh . 
  afaik the time you can spend outside the country in those ten years is limited , it 's not that you ca n't leave at all . 
  source : my wife 's chinese and her aunt who came earlier is using up the rest of her limit as we speak and she went to china a lot . 
  edit : it 's bit confusing . 
  the law talks about an uninterrupted stay , but you can spend up to 20 % of those 10 years abroad . 
   not to mention being able to travel through europe . 
  is travel inside schengen even counted/tracked ? 
  because it 's easily possible to do it without the govt having a way of knowing . 
  i really need to fact check that vid later . 
  `` 4 in 5 want to stay in the eu '' not really accurate . 
  europeans with a neutral or no opinion on the eu are a large group . 
   what romantic view ? 
  romantic may be the wrong word . 
  they 're considered by many to be the most badass european force and/or among the best in the world . 
  afaik essentially it comes down to the wide availability of child care and the high social acceptence of using it . 
  germany on the other hand financially rewarded having children , which did n't work . 
  very good . 
  more should follow that example . 
  why is he a huge asshole ? 
  it has a dome and a tower . 
  definately the hagia sophia !, 
  this is the dumbest instance of imagined racism i have ever encountered . 
  here 's the original complaint http://www.turkischegemeinde.at/index.php?id=312 i particular love the `` 1:1 the same roof '' comment in the picture . 
  someone needs new glasses . 
  you called his power and influence unprecedented , which it is not . 
  and that he is the most powerful indirectly elected official in the eu is true , but not an argument for anything . 
   if you consider that an open and transparent version of democracy where the people 's voice is directly and unequivocally heard then you are a disgrace to western philosophy . 
  lol !, 
  euroskeptics sure like holding up the eu to a perfect standard no existing democracy meets . 
  it 's certainly flawed , but if you call it undemocractic you 're talking crap . 
  the commission is appointed by elected officials , a practice that is not at all unusual in democracies . 
   he has the power to ( undemocratically ) shift and shape or even try and dismiss debates . 
  that is power and influence in politics . 
  yes , but that 's not an uncommon power , much less an `` unprecedented '' one . 
  ca n't those idiots ( not just the french ) for once counter british demands with something else than empty rhetoric ? 
  this is about the last thing that will decrease anti-eu sentiment in the uk . 
   please indicate the margins of victory and the registered voters in the popular election combine the last europarliament elections and the last national election in every member country , and it will become pretty obvious how barroso got there . 
   in which barosso was elected to a position of unprecedented power and influence in europe 's political scene . 
  lol !, 
  unprecedented power . 
  he ca n't do anything besides enforcing existing laws without ep and com approval . 
  you should seriously read up on how the eu actually works . 
   it is an argument against something being inherent to the religion . 
  no it 's not . 
  it simply means it applies to christianity as well . 
  and i 'm not saying it 's inherent to islam ( or christianity ) in the sense that you ca n't be a muslim ( or christian ) without believing it , just that it 's in the scriptures and believed by many ( largely due to being in the scriptures ) . 
   as is the information that views on apostasy vary hugely from one country to country . 
  that simply shows that different countries have different amounts of intolerant muslims , or that some countries have a more moderate islam than others . 
  here , have more solid evidence for next time : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apostasy_in_islam http://www.policyexchange.org.uk/images/publications/living%20apart%20together%20-%20jan%2007.pdf, 
   apostaty in christianity also results in death , according to the bible . 
  which changes precisely nothing about how many muslims advocate it , or that being a bad thing . 
  when will people stop making those stupid `` but group x also does ... '' non-arguments ? 
   also , i 've no idea why you even gave it , when in the west , when a person leaves islam , they 're not killed , same as with christianity . 
  as a source for there being many intolerant muslims . 
  and them not getting their way with the law does n't change anything about that . 
  ( mind you a couple of ex-muslims have been murdered in the uk for leaving islam . ), 
  i mean seriously , would you also argue racism in the us does n't matter because racial discrimination is illegal ? 
   a long pdf . 
  but the conclusion states : i posted it for the poll numbers indicating intolerance of uk muslims , like support for death for apostasy . 
  ( edit ; mind you the doc does n't use that word , it says leave/leaving islam ) you complained about anectodal evidence , so i gave you better evidence ... edit : not that i think you actually wanted evidence , since you dismissed that evidence using extremely lousy rationalisations . 
  there are n't many polls done on the tolerance of muslims and they 're not easy to find , but the ones there are usually do n't paint a very pretty picture . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apostasy_in_islam http://www.policyexchange.org.uk/images/publications/living%20apart%20together%20-%20jan%2007.pdf generally muslims living in the west are more moderate . 
  the uk has the least tolerant muslims of any western country tho afaik . 
  nope . 
  there really are people who say that . 
  still downvoted him for generalizing the opinion of / r/worldnews tho . 
  while poverty , lack of education and old grudges encourage such behaviour , pretending that this has nothing at all to do with the book they consider the word of god commanding intolerance towards non-muslims is ridiculous . 
  some muslims ignore that crap , but some take it seriously . 
  do you also pretend homophobia among christians has nothing to do with leviticus ? 
  why not go all the way and cram 7 billion people into rift valley ? 
  depends on how big it gets . 
  there are sweetwater seas you know . 
   i think that is a very small minority . 
  seeing how much i get downvoted and critizised by both sides for taking the middle ground , i think you 're wrong about that . 
   there is a difference between believing that islam actually has something to do with it , and blaming all muslims for the actions of a few . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  that 's very clearly implied by what i wrote . 
  they 're just wrong in thinking that there is one true islam and that the extremists have it right . 
  there is n't and the extremists only follow the parts of the scriptures they like , just like the moderates do . 
  it 's not a wave . 
  there are two large groups of complete idiots on reddit when it comes to islam . 
  one thinks all muslims are at least secretely extremists and the other thinks islam somehow has nothing to do with muslim extremists . 
  edit : and of course disagreeing with either group on anything makes them assume you 're part of the other . 
  shit 's crazy . 
   i can justify that as being moral , in the context of the times it was written or claimed to be . 
  well , i reject that reasoning . 
  it 's wrong now and it was wrong back then , people back then not knowing better does n't change that . 
   i do n't believe in god but i do follow the morals of the bible , at least those that are relevant for the times . 
  so do i. 
  but not because they 're in the bible , but because they make sense .
