only if they met the requirements ( sufficient prosperity , liberty and rule of law ) , which they currently do n't afaik . 
  i do n't think being located in europe should be a requirement for eu membership . 
  yes , it 's not simple . 
  but it 's also not `` the real problem is poverty '' simple . 
  poverty and racism are a factor , but so is the culture of the downtrodden group . 
  and of course it 's also not like all belligerent cultures around are muslim ones . 
  might even be one grown locally in response to being fucked over . 
  that sort of social tensions are more often than not the fault of pretty much all sides involved . 
  til ( from the comments of the article ) there are jews that [ reject circumcision ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brit_shalom_%28naming_ceremony%29 ) . 
  good !, 
  at the moment , they 're becoming less ready every day . 
  basic training was pretty taxing on my fat arse ( i was on painkillers for most of it , as my shin sinews could n't quite take it . ) . 
  then i was assigned to the command post office , which , being overstaffed with conscripts , was a comfortabe , if boring , post . 
  this was interrupted by two months of guarding the austro-hungerian border against illegal immigrants ( i never saw any . ), 
  it was cold , boring and tiring . 
  ( they 've stopped doing that since , after the schengen enlargement and trying to milk it for votes for another year ) there was also a week long drill at the training ground allensteig ( the one hitler made out of his birthplace ) , but for me that just meant hauling lots of office stuff there and back ( including two years worth of archive weighing approximately 200 kgs ) . 
  that said , the professional soldiers treated the conscripts reasonably well ... in my unit and another one i was aware of at least . 
  they seemed to cram all the psychos into the same unit ( the lone psycho i had to deal with ended up there too , before my term was up ) . 
  those fuckers did n't even bother to restock food on border duty ( and you needed a lot there . 
  i ate like a pig and did n't get any fatter ) . 
  all in all , if you do n't fall into the hands of the psycho units , it 's mostly boring , with the occisional fun story . 
  edit : oh and i personally managed to be known across the whole batallion without committing any major fuckups . 
  while i did get around more than most people and am really easy to remember that still baffles me somewhat . 
  that and our chancellor had to stop winning drinking contests against russians . 
  nope . 
  took some concessions tho . 
  um , we 're actually pretty average as far as gay rights are concerned . 
  but not all members of them do , which is my whole point . 
  imo there is a big difference between generalizing a people as scum than generalizing them as liking something a lot of other people like too . 
  people thinking you like rice does n't harm you . 
  people thinking you 're a criminal does . 
  well , i think overgeneralization is dumb and wrong and i do the same spiel when the pc idiots do it with white people or men . 
  but humans are dumb like that . 
  i should really stop expecting anything better . 
   it is a well known fact that roma culture is largely about stealing and being a parasite . 
  this applies to a roma culture not all roma adhere to ...  russians drink , roma people steal , and chinese people eat rice . 
  the first and the last two are not generally considered bad behaviour . 
  ( also , nigh everyone eats rice these days . 
  makes a great staple food . ), 
  i should really save those where i can find them as often as this crap comes up . 
  http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra_uploads/2099-fra-2012-roma-at-a-glance_en.pdf from the employment statisics in this a third of bulgarian roma have a job , which does n't really support your notion that only like 0,1 % are integrated . 
  does n't have anything on crime tho . 
  from what i know about tigers , that 's a pretty lousy analogy . 
  dealing with tigers without getting mauled is more a matter of being really careful and knowing how tigers tick than finding a nice tiger . 
  but as to the roma , no i 'm not saying you 're not allowed to negatively generalise an ethnicity . 
  it just wrong ( and racist ) , even if they do have a high percentage of scumbags ( 90 % is too high btw ) . 
  not only is it unfair to the roma who are integrated , it does n't exactly encourage the scumbags to stop being scumbags . 
  from the statistics i 've seen it 's about a third in the worst places and more the further you get west . 
  but chances are you would not identify most of those as roma . 
   i havent insisted a goddam thing but ill play along . 
  i did n't say you did . 
  but it certainly does happen all the time in roma threads . 
   so if 90 % of them are in fact criminal scum , what then ? 
  find out how get the 90 % to where the 10 % are ? 
  edit : i mean do you have a better solution ? 
  does anyone ? 
   its funny that generalisations are perfectly acceptable as long as you dont offend anyone . 
  hypocrisy is what it is . 
  well , true . 
  i usually complain about generalizing subreddits myself , but the regular bullshit roma threads make me livid . 
  problem is , roma indeed have a very large subculture of complete scumbags . 
  ( a subculture almost certainly formed in response to racism ) the racism only comes in when people insist they 're all like that . 
  both sides in this demented argument utterly refuse to see the situation as it is . 
  while political correctness has indeed gone batshit insane , insisting that all roma are criminal scum when in fact not all of them are , is actually racist . 
  grow a brain . 
  you forgot the categorical denial of the fact that well integrated roma exist . 
  oh , we do . 
  just not very fast . 
  i mean come on , gingor actually misses the austro-hungarian empire . 
  that 's old fashioned even by our standards . 
  plenty of roma are normal integrated folks , they just do n't stand out as much as members of their habitually criminal subculture . 
  true , but that 's no reason to categorically oppose the west . 
  it 's not like russia or any other non-western power is any nicer . 
  oppose the west when it does stupid shit , support it when it does the right thing . 
  but sadly humans are far too fond of taking sides and sticking with them no matter what . 
  it 's not . 
  welcome to guilt by association and considering `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' good advice . 
  yeah , because the austrian and german emperors where such reasonable peace - and freedom loving people . 
  fuck you and the horse you rode in on . 
  imo ww1 should have been a ruinous draw for everyone involved . 
  maybe we would have learned faster then . 
  anti-imperialists . 
  lots of them assume people opposing the west/nato are invariably the good guys . 
  because many people hate the west/nato/usa so much they automatically support any of their rivals/enemies , regardless of any other considerations . 
  this can go into pretty ludicrous territory . 
  i 've seen people support regimes/factions that would literally hang them . 
  edit : obligatory maxim 29 : the enemy of my enemy is my enemy 's enemy . 
  no more . 
  no less . 
  hitler is the go-to archetype for evil . 
  sure , in putin 's case you could make a semi-decent argument how he has more similarities with hitler than stalin , but in the end it 's just that leaders viewed as evil are nearly always compared with hitler . 
  it 's just an unwritten rule of political polemics in western ( and russian ) culture . 
  christianity , islam and a lot of other religion mess with politics whenever they can . 
  i do n't exactly have to think hard to come up with examples of them influencing politics in officially secular countries . 
  and they 're often not on the right side of history when they do that imho . 
  yeah , i was too kind with christianity again . 
  my bad . 
  i think you underestimate violent and intolerant teachings/ideas widespread among muslims . 
  much like christianity used to have ( edit : and still does in some places ) , but as far as ~ ~ europe ~ ~ the eu is concerned christianity has been sufficiently moderated to not be ~ ~ a ~ ~ a signicant internal threat . 
  islam needs the same treatment ( and is already getting some .
