   erm maybe the fact the eu government are the dickheads getting this codified in private with their chums in the us ? 
  source for this `` fact '' ? 
  care to tell me what the fuck the trans pacific partnership has to do with the eu ? 
  that 's not actually a euro bill , it 's a serbian dinar bill . 
  to be more accurate krokodil is dirty desomorphine synthesised by addicts in their kitchen . 
  pure desomorphine does n't make you rot alive . 
  nope . 
  it just means white western europeans were n't the only perpetrators of this great injustice . 
  but i 'm getting the impression you do n't really care about what exactly happened in it , you just like to be angry about it . 
   i have connected the western europeans with the atlantic slave trade : which makes precisely no difference . 
  so you 're generalising western europeans and not all white people . 
  that 's still racism . 
  oh , and the article you linked mentions the africans slaves were sold out of africa by africans in the second sentence ... 
  that does n't explain how you connect white people in general with slavery . 
  most white people even at the time it went on were n't involved with the slave trade . 
  and every white person alive now was born after it ended . 
  so how do you make that connection , other than by generalising white people ? 
  which would be racist . 
  oh , then explain to me why you connect slavery with white people in general . 
  which you did . 
  oh , but blaming all white people for slavery is not insulting at all , eh ? 
  the double standard is staggering ... 
  he does n't care . 
  it looks a lot like blackface and is done by white folks , therefore it 's racist . 
  to lots of people , if it seems racist to them , it must be racist , and if you do n't instantly agree , so are you ... 
   we sold oh , look !, 
  race guilt !, 
  racists do n't get to lecture other people about racism . 
  beneath all pigs . 
  it is new i think . 
  i wonder what took them so long ... `` altria group ( mo ) , the largest cigarette maker in the u.s. , will start selling its new markten e-cigs in an undisclosed indiana market . 
  second-biggest reynolds american ( rai ) plans a national rollout of its vuse e-cigarette , beginning in colorado next month . 
  lorillard ( lo ) has boosted distribution of its blu ecigs '' http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2013-06-20/big-tobacco-vs-dot-small-players-as-e-cigarette-smoke-off-begins, 
   anyone with knowledge care to comment ? 
  part of the tobacco industry has already entered the e-cig business . 
  the part that has n't does lobby against it tho . 
  also , a lot of the opposition to e-cigs comes from the pharma lobby ( e-cigs are competing with nicotine gums and patches ) and ` healthists ' who want to end smoking for good ( e-cigs probably are the future of smoking and they do n't want it to have one ) . 
  at least that 's what i gathered from two vaper forums yesterday . 
  because it 's a party event and flag waving there can imply that they see themselves as the most german/patriotic party in germany or overstate their control of germany . 
  at least that 's my take on it . 
  not at party events . 
  germans do n't want their parties playing the ` we 're the real patriots ' game like yours do . 
  i think it 's also about not wanting ` amerikanische verh\u00e4ltnisse ' as in fighting over which party is more patriotic . 
  a competent , honest , pragmatic and uncorrupt one . 
  going by ideology alone i 'd be fine with at least two parties , but that 's not enough when they 're deeply corrupt , get nothing done * , put ridiculous political actionism over policy and have ideological blind spots you could hide whole towns in . 
  * that 's a two-edged one tho . 
  while nothing good gets done , it 's also the reason that the country being run by blithering idiots has n't ruined it yet . 
  the eu has standards , and turkey fails to meet them . 
  do n't complain , fix things . 
   and i am just sitting here thinking i need to learn some scandinavian language . 
  hooray !, 
  you 'd still need to learn austrian . 
  it 's a tricky dialect ( unless you 're bavarian ) and many austrians are reluctant to speak high german . 
  also , many austrians have a weird dislike for germans . 
  ( after wwii `` we are n't germans ! '', 
  became a large part of our national identity . ), 
  then again , you 'd be in good company . 
  germans are the the largest group of immigrants here . 
   how good are your women looking ? 
  about the same as yours . 
  what difference in looks do you expect from a country with very similar ethnic makeup , climate and wealth ? 
  well , maybe one actually worth voting for will crop up one of these elections . 
  of course not . 
  a lot of roma need to be integrated into society , which would be hard , but most politicians would prefer if someone else took care of that . 
  lazy bastards . 
   yes but money gets paid months and years later or it wo n't . 
  russia can not afford a trade war with the eu . 
   when the gas turns off people start getting cold , hungry and aggressive instantly cold , yeah . 
  but aggressive and hungry ? 
  not so much . 
  you 're seriously overestimating russia 's leverage . 
  and russia needs our money . 
  they ca n't play that game with the whole eu . 
  yeah , but accusing every famous homophobe of secretely being gay is getting ridiculous . 
   when countries bordering austria and germany where negotiation with the eu did russia object ? 
  it think i remember them complaining after they joined about not being consulted ( and people scoffing about it ) . 
   if russia did n't then why is it objecting to ukraine and moldova so much ? 
  it 's closer to home obviously . 
  russia really wants those countries in its sphere of influence . 
  heck , ukraine is about half ethnic russians and was ruled by russia for centuries . 
  this is pretty devastating for russia 's strategic interests and national ego . 
  is n't that obvious ? 
  scaring the pro guys into working better . 
  i do n't think it 's a good plan , but the motivation is n't hard to guess . 
  how about we fix the bloody drug market already ? 
  if relatively harmless drugs are legalized , there is less incentive to produce and consume new drugs that are potentially harmful . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'd stop putting the euro signs on new keyboards if the euro is gone . 
  it would certainly stay in unicode tho , they might not even remove the shortcut . 
  they figure if the ez blows up they 're screwed either way , so they may as well join now . 
  this happened in september 2012 ... 
  anti-muslim sentiment is rising all across the western world and so it rises on reddit as well . 
  and going omg racism shame on you !!!!! 1 !!, 
  does not make people rethink their attitudes . 
  good question . 
  sure wo n't be easy , cheap or pretty . 
  education is of course key , but it probably wo n't be enough . 
  essentially , offer them good opportunities for a honest life and let them get away with as little shit as possible . 
  they need to be convinced that a honest life is better , particularly the people at the bottom of roma society as they have more to gain and less to lose . 
  make sure their kids go to school , wether or not their parents want them to . 
  cops need to catch them commiting crimes more often and courts need to sentence career criminals more severely .
