  of course stolen art should be returned , but if it was sold by a legal owner , i do n't think so . 
  ( checking wiki , the painting was sold to polish nobles by the italian nobles who comissioned it . 
  and then stolen several times and returned to poland . ), 
  * facepalm * not the patriarchy , a patriarchy . 
  while the term patriarchy is abused as a vague bogeyman by a lot of western radical feminists , patriarchies are actually a thing and iran is a pretty good example for it . 
  if mutation breeding was new , the very same people would raise a shitfit about that too . 
  mostly they just do n't know about it . 
  yeah , but his known supporters are pretty much free game in lybia these days . 
  chances are they want asylum in europe . 
  and of course hijacking a plane is just a splendid new start ... 
   no , it was n't a proper response . 
  it was the only thing that could be done at the time . 
  there is no meaningful difference between ` proper response ' and ` the only ( acceptable ) thing that could be done ' . 
  do you seriously not realise how ridiculous that hairsplitting is ? 
   another possibility could have been close the borders and leave them in your country . 
  obviously i wanted our borders controlled as well . 
  ideally the external eu border actually . 
  no , someone looking for a religion that suits them . 
  so , it 's not ' a proper way to go ' , but ' a proper response in that situation ' ? 
  yeah , that changes everything . 
   it 's revisionism to make such a claim . 
  many people defended letting all comers in with or without documents . 
  that is a fact . 
  i was n't even talking about merkel . 
  yes many did . 
  fuck your revisionism !, 
  no , but extremists are a lot more likely to drop hints when talking with people with a similar background . 
  it 's of course silly to expect asylum seekers to find all the terrorists like telepathic bloodhounds , but if they overhear talk about fighting the infidels or something like that they should really tell the authorities . 
  sounds like he was a seeker . 
  we 're still here , but that shit sure ai n't healthy . 
  made worse by the fact that they still take japan 's money ... 
  so about 30 % of ( eligible ) dutch turks . 
   around 64 % of dutch turks voting akp you should take voter participation into account . 
  we had a similar result , but since only about a third of ( eligible ) turks actually voted it worked out to something like 20 % . 
  actually i did hear that . 
  but the ` secular ' rebels were eclipsed by the islamist nuts pretty fast . 
  we heard about it . 
  many were hoping the revolution would succeed until it became apparent that the rebels are mostly islamists even more fucked up than the regime . 
  others predicted exactly that would happen from day one . 
  tourist arrivals in 2016 were ~ 40 % lower than in 2015 . 
  between terrorism and political disputes with the countries most of their tourists come from , the turkish tourism sector is in serious trouble . 
  he could have tried to save the peace process with pkk instead of escalating , he could have tried acting against isis earlier , he could have not pissed the west off , he could have not pissed russia off , he could have not seized so many businessnes over the coup . 
  sure , some of the pain was unavoidable , but it was n't just bad luck , much of it is a result of akp policy . 
  and that is only half the problem . 
  the other half is the folks now riding the `` postfactual '' train insisting the worries and problems the populists cash in on now have no basis in fact whatsoever . 
  he 's going right to keep his party electable . 
  a good portion of the public really wants that stuff . 
  would you prefer the fp\u00d6 getting all of those votes ? 
  ask spain , not me . 
  ca n't we get someone willing to severely restrict immigration that is n't a nutjob ? 
  they 're both okay , because the people who live there want to stay part of the nation they 're part of now . 
  if the way they ended up being part of those nations centuries ago was okay is really an academic question at this point . 
  it 's been our money for 15 years in most cases . 
  people got used to it . 
  and it 's not like there 's consensus on wether or not it has huge inherent downsides . 
  edit : also , getting out would be a terrible move for most members , particularly the small ones . 
  we 're stuck with it , may as well try to make it work . 
  no , / r/nottheonion is for bizarre sounding news . 
  sadly , there is nothing bizarre about this . 
  proportionally , we took about as many as germany did . 
  there will probably be projections at 17:00 as usual , but unless the result is very clear , knowing who really won might take a few days . 
  tourism made up a sizable chunk of turkey 's economy and they lost much of it . 
  something like 40 % down from 2015 to 2016 . http://www.tradingeconomics.com/turkey/tourist-arrivals, 
  golden dawn is quite a bit more extreme than the fp\u00d6 is . 
  or it 's much worse at hiding it , whatever . 
  but hey , austrians being just genetically racist is an amusingly ironic argument too . 
  people are really pissed off about the migrant crisis and the government has been a shitshow for years . 
  let 's just rename the office to kaiser and give it to the habsburgs . 
  the fp\u00d6 has softened it 's anti-eu rhetoric in recent time and according to polls austria staying in has a 40 % lead , so i do n't think a hofer win would cause much of a crisis . 
  not so sure about italy . 
  but has n't the 5 star movement recently said they wo n't drop the euro ? 
  do you seriously think we could have bullied russia into giving crimea back ? 
  what would have worked is reacting earlier and using more force ( particularly support for ukraine 's army against the russian backed seperatists ) . 
  bullshit would have bought us naught . 
  i disagree . 
  just what did that transparent bullshit gain us in georgia and ukraine ? 
  sure , sometimes you have to little choice but to sacrifice the moral high ground , but you should be really really careful about doing that . 
  getting in the habit of bullshitting for the greater good or accepting bad shit on your side because the other is worse can bite you in the ass real hard . 
  there is no such thing as justified double standards . 
  either territorial integrity or self determination is more important , not whichever happens to fit your agenda at the moment . 
  fuck tribal politics !, 
  my side is n't always right and the other side is n't always wrong . 
  he was probably being sarcastic . 
  it 's not like getting either was a realistic prospect `` hey serbia , can we bomb you ? '', 
  `` hey russia , can we bomb your ally ? '', 
  and the us has n't bothered to formally declare any war since wwii . 
  imo both sides in both cases pursued their interests , used what arguments fit it and ignored the others . 
  same with georgia and its seperatists . 
  the way nato and russia just switched positions and arguments depending on whose ally was losing turf was pretty galling . 
  it 's an impression many people got . 
  much of the media seemed very reluctant to run that and wreck their ongoing narrative with it and there was actual censorship of it on social media , particularly on reddit . 
  januar . 
   they apologized so those hate mongers had less munition . 
  suuuure . 
  they apologized to minimize loss of credibility . 
  you know when zdf apologized that they had n't run it yet ? 
  5th january . 
   but i remember reading about it pretty much instantly . 
  it only got widely talked about on the 4th . 
  i certainly heard it only then and got to watch mods of most major subreddits spend the whole night censoring it until it hit frontpages worldwide .
