  what chart do you mean ? 
  and does it count arrivals or processed asylum claims , because the latter is totally misleading what with the bamf being badly swamped , moving hundreds of thousands of them to 2016 . 
  sure , but that does n't contradict what i actually said . 
  i do n't see how that fact writeup contradicts what i said . 
  it was understood as an invitation by many and not corrected after that became painfully obvious . 
  it 's of course not the only reason they came , but it did escalate the situation . 
  me too , but lots of believers wo n't do that , so reformation is important . 
  edit : and we might not want to be too frank about where that journey is bound to go ... 
   but there never was the case of mass immigration . 
  just where is your bar for mass immigration if over a million people in a year is so low that calling it mass immigration is ridiculous ? 
  also in my experience , the real world underwent a similar change in attitudes . 
  i 've seen several left wing folks change opinions on that . 
  ca n't say i ever heard a definition , but some mix of naive xenophilia , cultural relativism , and hatred of your own culture/ethnicity . 
  not actually related to marxism and certainly a far right buzzword , but it does describe a real and crazy political view imo . 
  now ? 
  that 's how it went for 20 years + , it 's finally starting to change . 
  ( not neccesarily americans , but those problems being dismissed a far right propaganda was a thing for a long long time ), 
  i know . 
  yeah , we have like 65 % support , we 're bound to get it soonish , now that germany did it ( our politicians are kind of notorious for copying germany ) . 
  the right wing is opposed ( and has the majority and will likely get a bigger one in the fall ) , but maybe the conservatives will copy merkel to get rid of it as an election issue , or because the courts say so ( supreme court is deliberating on it ) . 
  men are touchy about suggestions that there is something wrong with their dick . 
  some late 19th century health nutcase promoted it as an anti-masturbation measure , it took off like crazy and became a national tradition . 
  it 's been dropping off for a decade or two tho . 
  i wonder how many of them are really that dense and how many just want as many migrants as possible but lie their ass off to sell it better . 
  we 've been saying that for a while . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  we need to stop letting them in . 
  yes and it is really obvious , too . 
  merkel abruptly changing stances because of public opinion is hardly a new thing and wanting to get rid of gay marriage as an election issue without pissing off the more conservative parts of her base too badly is a sound election strategy . 
  also , in case it does n't , it 's usually solved without circiumcision these days . 
  but there will still be a few cases where nothing else works . 
  gulen does n't actually have anything to do with that liberal mosque and is an islamist . 
  do n't assume he 's a good guy just because the turkish govt hates him now . 
  it should n't be , but the german government is still pussyfooting around the issue despite fairly clear indications that they are actively working against the interests of the german state . 
  i 'd say they spread islamism , but not radical islamism . 
  which is still dangerous , even to the ones spreading it , since the transition between those is fairly fuzzy , but i very much doubt they realise that . 
  1 ) the turkish media is largely under government control and so are many mosques in germany , this new liberal mosque is not . 
  2 ) heresy is still serious business in islam . 
  are you referring to hover shits because they fear the filth and cause more filth by doing that ? 
  i think they 're just trying to get people to be sympathetic to all migrants and still have n't noticed they 're just discrediting actual refugees instead . 
  basically the non-extremists of both muslims and non-muslims need to cooperate hard to strongly reduce extremism on both sides . 
  because right now this is n't going anywhere good . 
   then it is a total war not yet it 's not . 
  maybe we can avoid it . 
   you even acknowledge the unfairness of it yet support it . 
  i do n't support it , i just do n't think getting rid of it is realistic . 
  most people generalise , not doing that takes effort . 
  good luck getting rid of a millenia old habit in a decade . 
   will you really cease and desist all negative opinions and lumping-in if muslims attend such rallies etc ? 
  some will , some wo n't , i already do n't . 
  no , but you do have to condemn the nazis . 
  they do n't have to show up , but the nicest way i can put them arguing against it is ` an amazingly idiotic pr blunder ' . 
  to show they/many muslims are n't intolerant extremists . 
  neutrality in this conflict is no longer an option for muslims . 
  it 's stand against the islamists or be lumped in with them and complaining about the unfairness of that is n't going to work . 
  i propose slovekia , slovania , or austraia , just because it 'd be funny . 
  uh where ? 
  their thread is mostly ` this is terrible but ' and suspicions the turkish army did it . 
  feel free to complain about what it is , but it 's not support for terrorism . 
  i listed some modern border fences that work actually . 
  of course they do n't come close in size to the us southern border , but that 's not the border i 'm worried about anyway . 
  ( still , the us one is just a question of how much money migration control is worth to you . 
  it 's possible to secure it , but it would be super expensive . ), 
  the eu southern border is mostly a sea one , and the problem there needs laws and ships , not walls . 
  ( well , some prison walls , if we go with the ` illegal immigration results in detention until voluntary return ' plan . ), 
  edit : actually some places would require walls ( ceuta , mellila , turkish-greek/bulgarian border ) , but those already exist . 
  i was just pointing out that this general ` walls do n't work ' line is bullshit . 
  well guarded walls are a very effective obstacle ( to anyone without bombers or artillery anyway ) . 
  off the top off my head . 
  two failed sieges of vienna . 
  constantinople was also besieged unsuccessfully many times . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sieges_of_constantinople and according to r/askhistorians medieval sieges on castles failed more often than not . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1zzafy/how_often_did_sieges_fail/ not to mention if static defenses were not pretty effective , they 'd never have become as common as they were pre-gunpowder , or even pre-wwii . 
  solid fortifications cost a lot of money . 
  of course now they 're totally obsolete in warfare , but the wall in question is n't to defend against a modern army . 
  and of course for the purpose of securing borders , there 's a number of current examples that are pretty effective . 
  ( and no , some breaches do n't prove they do n't work at all , just that they ai n't perfect ), 
  they used the term ` lone attacker ' iirc , but i think that just meant he carried out the attack alone , not that they ruled out him having accomplices . 
  who came up with that bullshit title ? 
  isis has n't controlled territory in lybia since late last year . 
  we do n't . 
  we sort of made a fetish of the neutrality that was forced on us . 
  wiki has a list . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_the_united_states and yes , sure you do have a right wing terrorism problem , but i really do n't seen any worthwhile point in bringing it up in response to islamist terrorism , much less in pretending it 's the greater threat when the numbers say the opposite . 
  i can tell this stops counting before orlando , without even looking at it . 
  indeed , it 's from early 2016 . 
  with orlando it 's about 100 killed by islamists , 50 killed by right wingers since 911 . 
  not to mention that ignoring 911 is not reasonable to begin with . 
  islamists terrorists kill more people than right wing ones , despite the us having lots more right wingers than islamists ( or even just muslims ) . 
  yes , this is your confirmation bias . 
  same reason as everywhere else : the other parties suck too . 
  they do n't deserve australia and australia does n't deserve them , ask the russians if you can use [ franz josef land ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franz_josef_land ) . 
  correlation does not prove causation , but it does suggest it and needs to be looked at . 
  she still had her best result ever . 
  their equivalent in austria is also doing well and our conservatives have also gone ` fortress europe ' . 
  as has merkel 's party to a lesser degree . 
  mass immigration from mena has significant negative consequences and more and more people are realising it . 
  people here do n't complain much about regular , legal migrants . 
  they complain about people who come illegally and ask for asylum while not actually entitled to it . 
  pretty sure those are gone by now .
