  repeating a lie does n't make it any more true . 
  it 's a disctinction coined by a muslim leftist , a former islamist even , to describe people who who stubbornly ignore reactionary attitudes among minorities . 
  if you side with the right or the left seems to depend on their ethnocultural background . 
  you 'll happily bash a leftist and defend a right winger , if they both happen to be muslim , because the critizism the left winger makes will be fascist talking points in your eyes . 
   not `` it '' . 
  you . 
  they 're taking advantage of you to drag us all down . 
  and you 'll go down smiling with the sinking ship because you somehow got to beat up some muslims , the immense majority of which have no quarrel with you or care about you . 
  you have nothing to do with anything `` leftist '' . 
  i do n't have a quarrel with all muslims , either . 
  but you 're gon na refuse to believe that , right ? 
  i have a quarrel with the ` far right ' muslims . 
  and i do n't think they 're a tiny minority . 
  mirror image of the far right you 're so fond of calling fascist . 
  complete with the `` with us or with our arch-enemy '' bullshit . 
   advocating for respect and against discrimination that 's what you say you do , it 's probably even what you believe you do , but it is not what you actually do . 
  you have become so obsessed with one particular source of bigotry that you see it even where it is not , and ignore bigotry from other sources . 
  indeed , you think anybody else not ignoring it is a sure sign of bigotry . 
  you tolerate no dissent , anyone who dares critizise you just has to be a fascist , or their fool . 
  and the traditional fascists do not hesistate to take advantage of it . 
  a good part of their propaganda is about the self-righteous , authoritarian hypocrisy of people like you . 
  you are possibly the best example of there being no cause so good that it can not be perverted by extremism . 
  and again , you will refuse to heed the warning . 
  because in your eyes , nothing could be more absurd than you not being on the right side of history . 
  laugh all you like . 
  you 're are nothing but their mirror image and more and more people are realising that . 
  spoken like a true fascist . 
  ( and i mean the wide definition before you start that bullshit again ) you do n't own the left . 
  if you have a problem with that label , invent your own . 
  we need a term to differentiate between the nutjobs and the reasonable leftists . 
  problem is you hardly ever do anything except acknowledge problematic teachings and then go on to downplay them and their popularity in an attempt to fight bigotry against muslims in general . 
  you need to find a better balance between those two things , because your current one is so awful it actually helps the anti-muslim bigots and the muslim bigots . 
  yeah , people need to stop thinking that buddhism is just the version of it popular in the west , it 's at least as diverse as christianity afaik . 
   scope can not be accurately determined , though . 
  the internet has made it very easy for people of various backgrounds to get drawn into such ideas . 
  there 's not exactly a ton of jihadists that were n't muslims before being radicalised . 
  and the mosques funded and/or staffed by middle eastern countries , most famously saudi arabia and turkey , do pose a serious problem in that regard i think . 
   who said i did ? 
  if you do take them seriously why you would bring up other bigots instead of discussing the connection between jihadists and muslims in general , particularly the more conservative ones and intolerance among muslims in general ? 
  you people need to find a new balance between guarding against bigotry against minorities and discussing bigotry among minorities . 
  because it often seems you refuse to do the latter because of the former . 
  edit : and in doing so not only ignore a serious problem in it 's own right , but hand ammunition to the bigots you are trying to fight . 
   i wo n't make any guess about the numbers of militant jihadists since the point is n't to find out how many there are but how to combat them ( especially on the ideological front ) . 
  i think scope and background are kind of important for finding the best way to combat them . 
   that said , intolerant attitudes are common throughout the world . 
  they are , but that is not a reason to not take specific ones seriously . 
  and particularly on the issue of the thread , it just ai n't a contest . 
  even our populist right wingers hate jews and gays a lot less than our muslims do these days . 
  you know what is cheap ? 
  expecting the other side to be super detailed while not doing that yourself . 
  i know it is more complex , i 'm just not about to write a novel every damn time the point comes up . 
   as an agnostic i have no right to judge what is real islam and what is n't . 
  it 's not about rights , it 's a question that has no definite answer . 
  there is no guideline how to interpret the quran in the quran . 
   what i can say , though , is that militant jihadists are indeed a minority of the muslim population . 
  they are , but a much larger one than apologists like to pretend and support for them and various intolerant attitudes are shockingly common among muslims . 
  as so often , both kinds of extremist are dead wrong . 
  far right jews and a pro jew far right in europe . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  you mean the moderate parties that were on board with letting in 1 % of our population in middle eastern immigrants in in a year and bashing everyone who had a problem with that ? 
  i will probably vote for them next election , but that is because losing so many votes to the right drove them into being much stricter about immigration . 
  other people are less forgiving / wary of the right wing populists . 
   yeah , no . 
  there is a difference between being against organized religion and being against the people who practice said religion . 
  yes , and the regressive left gets that just as wrong as the far right does . 
  ` vanishingly tiny minority of assholes that has nothing to do with real islam ' is n't any more objective than ` all muslims are secretly or openly violent islamists ', 
  well , it does depend on topic and timing . 
  i 've made similar ` that 's the majority opinion here now ' arguments , and later saw a thread where similar statements were indeed downvoted . 
  no , it is not . 
  want sources of left leaning german papers reporting on it ? 
  because they sure do . 
  the leftist parties lost votes in berlin , they just still had a majority . 
  the cdu also lost votes and the afd went from nothing to 14 % , so the statement seems accurate . 
  depends on topic and timing . 
  reddit has funny mood swings . 
  they projected a turkish flag for the new year one , but yeah , it is rather selective . 
  it 's mostly because many muslim majority countries are allied against and pretty obsessed with israel . 
  not that israel does n't deserve any condemnation , but the focus is indeed very disproportionate and due to many dedicated enemies and few dedicated allies . 
  yes there is . 
  anti-israel sentiment comes from opposition to their crimes , antisemitism , or both . 
  how people on either side manage to pretend it 's exclusively one or the other is beyond me . 
  i wish , that 'd also free up police and justice ressources for real crimes . 
  but it 's not gon na happen anytime soon . 
  public sentiment is still against it here and the biggest parties do n't want it anyway . 
  yes . 
  because there is quite a difference between dozens of individual gropings and several hundred cases of sexual assault out of a large mob in a single place and night , with police as witnesses even . 
  i do n't think so , there was n't any mass groping this year , just a lot of shitheads around . 
  an unusually high tally coming out a tad slowly is n't as shocking as the same happening with a huge molesting mob imo . 
  average level of care for needy strangers is dropping rapidly . 
  if there is n't a solution soonish the majority might come to accept dead refugees if only they do n't have to deal with them . 
  i 'm more for pushbacks / detention tho . 
  giving people what they want because they take themselves hostage does n't strike me as a good idea . 
  plenty did and the ones who did n't , did n't take the developments seriously enough . 
  i was one of the latter as it happens . 
  i thought we were solving the problems slowly , but not too slowly and considered the open borders and cultural relativist types overly idealistic fools , but ultimately ineffectual . 
  i was wrong , i was very wrong . 
  but he is christian !, 
  anti-immigration people only hate backwards religious assholes when they 're muslims !!!, 
  then we should have hardly any refugee crime , because their cost of living is paid by the state . 
  depends a lot on how it was aquired , does it not ?
