  well , the people and politics getting much more secular across the country would work too , it 's just pretty damn unlikely to happen . 
  well , if you equate `` mass immigration is bad for us and we need to stop it '' with `` we want to conquer the world and slaughter everyone who does n't look like us or does n't agree with us '' , then you suffer from a serious case of ideological tunnel vision . 
  or in other words , you are an extremist with an `` with us or with the enemy '' mindset just like the nazis or the neocons have . 
  probably not even half . 
  plenty of refugees do n't want a lot of other refugees following them and competing for the same ressources and you should know that there are plenty of europeans that stubbornly insist on believing mass immigration is awesome and/or a moral imperative ( edit : or simply unstoppable , as their newest lie goes ) . 
  or spain . 
  austria has been in the top 20 of most privately owned guns for many years . 
  as for croatia , i have no idea , i 'm not familiar enough with croatian politicts . 
  could be the stupid old `` i do n't wan na waste my vote/who the hell are they '' thing . 
  as far as austria is concerned , i do n't see a 3rd option anymore . 
  i 'm convinced mass immigration on this scale will have catastrophic consequences and noone else advocates measures against it that might actually work . 
  worse , the rest of the opposition basically calls for even more . 
  mods should n't delete stuff that does n't break any rules just because they 're sick of seeing it . 
  and frankly the meme is justified . 
  people denouncing critizism of mass immigration as racism regardless of the nature of the critizism happens a lot . 
  so much that it reminds me of nazi propaganda . 
  or the shit warhawks in the us pulled in the runup of the iraq war . 
  that 's very unlikely , even if we get a government with similar ideals . 
  i can . 
  if the government is bad enough , the opposition looks attractive no matter how bad it sucks . 
  i 'm actually considering voting the ( right-wing , and convicted of corruption ) fp\u00d6 as the lesser evil option in the next election . 
  if you told me that five years ago i would have called you crazy . 
   i do n't think the comment was racist , and it was not directed at ethnicities . 
  we have mods who delete posts simply because they do n't like them . 
  yesterday i saw a post deleted that blamed the rise of the right on media and politicians denouncing any concern about mass immigration as racism . 
  i do n't see how that 's against the rules . 
  edit : even worse , i just found out the user got a 30 day ban for that . 
  well , what the fuck do you expect ? 
  they want germany and germany bitches at us if we try to stop them . 
  and austria actually takes in a roughly proportional amount . 
  500 asylum requests daily as of last week . 
  a fact many germans insist on ignoring ... 
  a lot of the asylum seekers are n't fleeing any war , but poverty . 
  not to mention it 's pretty hard to get to sweden without passing a safe country first . 
  how often do we have to go over this ? 
  because if you do n't you will be branded as nazis !!!, 
  fear the might of ad hominem !, 
  just put them up with other returning jihadis . 
  we do n't have any normal parties and we have already gone full retard . 
  hey , we announced we need 10 days to plan this thing , probably in the hope you 'll do it first and noone calls us nazis . 
  because more and more europeans are considering this mass immigration utter insanity ? 
  why are you asking me that ? 
  well , he is an extremist that absolutely refuses to acknowledge that there is such a thing as a moderate on this issue . 
  and he probably still believes the enormous change of / r/europe is all due to brigading by the far right . 
  i remember a girl named ` lula does the hula in hawaii ' suing her parents over her stupid name . 
  and i want peace on earth and a mars colony . 
  nazis are n't easy to get rid of and going overboard with immigration makes them a bigger problem . 
  oh , and being too trigger happy with accusations of racism does too ... while leader2light certainly is a racist `` literary on the level of hitler '' is almost certainly a wild exaggeration ... unless ` literary ' is n't a typo maybe . 
  the video might be from last year . 
  there is a report from celle police about a protest yesterday , but it does n't really match the video . 
  sadly , we have n't yet come up with a form of government that is . 
  while i agree that 8000 refugees are n't a big deal for norway , i 'd much prefer the small number of nazis we used to have over a billion africans and the fifty times as many nazis that would result from it . 
  you sure ? 
  i do remember the modteam apologising for going overboard with ` automatic shadowbans ' after said censorship fiasco . 
  yeah , right . 
  after the censorship fiasco a couple weeks ago clearly we should n't worry about the mods going overboard with censorship again . 
  weird ? 
  it 's starting to look like we 'll get to choose between left wing and right wing fascism . 
  i call that fucking scary . 
  they did n't deport most rejectees for years , and the appeals took years , but recent news suggest that policy has changed quickly and dramatically . 
  becoming irrelevant is such a cruel fate !, 
   stop lashing out with no reason . 
  liars are a reason to lash out . 
  people say they 're worried about other people 's intolerance and people like you insist ` noo that ca n't be the reason , must be racism ' . 
  fuck off with that shit , seriously . 
   the balkan states are safe , whereas pakistan is n't necessarily . 
  oh i agree the balkan is safe and pakistan less so . 
  no , his reasoning is their level of intolerance . 
  do you have a problem with reading comprehension or with honesty ? 
  i actually was n't quite sure what word to use there . 
  suggestions ? 
  do n't forget the ussr . 
  i did n't say they were , just that the view of the descendants of the occupied is n't entirely negative . 
  i 've heard it from czechs too . 
  and just because hungary got a better deal does n't mean they do n't count . 
  ( i 'm not even sure the better deal actually improved anything for the commoners in hungary ), 
  i have actually heard people from the other side say good things about the austrian empire . 
  to be fair there is a lot that can skew their perception positively . 
  they got the nazis and/or the ussr afterwards and we 're sort of back together again now . 
  performance artist . 
  a petty distinction tho . 
  it 's the opinion of eu mps . 
  also , you 're not 1 % of ireland . 
  and when you tell them this is a bad strategy to get rid of racism they call you a racist ... 
  ~ ~ 0 % does n't neccesarily mean nobody , since those are clearly rounded percentages , 20,000 supporters would still be shown as 0 % . ~ ~ ~ ~ of course < 1 % support still seems strange , when even the brits have 2 % . ~ ~ oh , it 's just mps . 
  not even their fault imo . 
  if you condemn populist voters as idiots / fascists / etc. 
  they 're less likely to admit who they vote for , but more likely to actually do it . 
  not just the egos , the ideological blinders are incredible . 
  they completely refuse to acknowledge that there are positions between theirs and the opposite extreme . 
  it 's certainly part of it . 
  people got way too trigger happy with accusations of racism and people are sick of it . 
  you 're talking about a bureaucracy generating documents and expecting both consistency and regular updates of everything ? 
   quite strong in libya nope , they 're getting their asses handed to them there as well , they 're down to ~ 1/3 of sirte . 
  quite a bit actually . 
  i mean they 're both sweet , but sturm is unfinished wine , not a mix . 
  also , you only get it in fall , when they make the wine . 
  yeah . 
  pretty common around here even . 
  do you also scream about longdrinks ?
