  the costs of mass migration should really be obvious by now . 
  as an austrian i am required to take offense at that relatively accurate assesment !, 
  needs more confusion . 
  fyrom should rename itself austraia just for the hell of it . 
  nope . 
  but i 'm not surprised you refuse to see or admit the distinction . 
  recently read an article from a left paper agonizing over them poor refugees not being helped by the government because their tents ca n't stand up to the heavy rains . 
  no mention of this being the infamous jungle or why those people are there , but they managed to publish pics of half the kids in the whole camp . 
  no , the sentiment is ` their culture encourages actions like that ' . 
  but hey , keep digging your hole . 
  i do n't . 
  but we ca n't let the assholes walk all over us because of the nice ones . 
  you need to be enormously optimistic to think anyone or anything will stabilize mena anytime soon . 
  syria is n't the only war producing refugees . 
  and frankly taking in all syrian refugees outside of syria would be a desaster . 
  not to mention letting in obvious economic migrants with the refugees and then being unable to send most of them home , has eaten up a great deal of our capacities , but of course complaining about that was dismissed as racism for months . 
  except for when he said people should feel compassion about refugees and not get scared by their massive numbers . 
  we clearly can not save everyone and the attempt puts us in danger . 
  so yeah , we will have to let people die , or we can screw ourselves over in an attempt to stop it while people would still die . 
  in austria it was guns too , and demand for the waffenschein grew strongly as well . 
  did you hear about the skyrocketing demand for guns and pepper spray in germany and austria ? 
  looks like the former . 
  not the first bad thing out of the refugee crisis they did n't consider worth talking about . 
  he did n't so much step down as decline to run when he was very much expected to , but yeah . 
  it 's called deflection . 
  `` hey do n't look at this problem i caused , look instead at the problem i am fighting ! '', 
  in the wake of cologne , sexual assaults by migrants on nye in austria came to light , but most news outlets were not terribly interested in talking about that . 
  that 's one of the most grotesque things about this . 
  feminist have made scandals out of single cases of verbal sexual harassment , lewd jokes , etc. , but now far too many of them actually downplay a mass incident of serious sexual abuse and a whole string of smaller versions thereof , or are silent , simply because the perps are mostly immigrants . 
  how can you do that and not recognize your utter betrayal of your own supposed values ? 
  the refugees welcome fanatics have actually managed to make the far right look sane by comparison . 
  there are no words for the enormity of that failure . 
  he did fuck up and rightly has to go . 
  he just was n't the only one who fucked up and needs to go . 
  and actually go should mean go into unemployment in shame or even better prison . 
  not early retirement . 
  wait ? 
  already happened . 
  you want some mouthwater to get the taste out after bootlicking ? 
  how hard can it be to trust people who lied to you before and lots of times ? 
  very very hard . 
  cologne police officers just went public saying they were mostly recently arrived syrian refugees . 
  i called it a tabloid . 
  work on your reading comprehension . 
   furthermore according to a quick internet search derstandard.at was way faster ( 10h ) in reporting about it than the krone . 
  strange , i personally saw it on krone.at on monday evening while standard users were still begging for an article on it . 
  it 's from express . 
  and before you go `` bah , tabloid '' the first austrian newspaper to dare touch this story at all was the fucking krone !, 
  we 've gotten to the point where tabloids sometimes show more journalistic integrity than so-called reliable sources . 
  and as i hinted at , i 've seen people , including police spokesmen declare ` was n't refugees at all ' , when the involvement of 2012/2013 refugees was already in the news . 
  i 've seen derstandard readers having to beg the paper to run this at all . 
  and at first it was a tiny article hidden at the bottom . 
  but nooo , noone tried to cover anything up . 
  are you lying or just in denial ? 
  edit : cologne police just confirmed it was ` mostly recently arrived refugees ' . 
   well , it was n't refugees from the 2014/2015 crowd . 
  1 ) even if that was true that would n't change anything . 
  2 ) how can people seriously declare it clearly was n't refugees or very recent refugees when investigations have only started ? 
  this is seriously getting orwellian . 
  3 ) i 've seen a report about more recent arrest that include syrians that have been here only a few weeks . 
  edit : cologne police just confirmed it was ` mostly recently arrived refugees ' . 
  it was mentioned in some papers , mostly under local news . 
  it started being widely published on monday evening . 
  four days after it happened . 
  even later in austria and only now similar cases in austria are reported . 
  but noooo , noone tried to cover this up . 
  we 're clearly just being paranoid . 
  similar thing in austria . 
  exploded at a friend yesterday , because he dismissed it as a probably false report and ` it was n't refugees ' except the cops already arrested some people ( and let them go again and arrested a few more later ) and they were in fact refugees . 
  radio stations did n't mention it until today . 
  and now similar local cases are popping up . 
  this is utterly sickening . 
  do you actually fall for that ridiculously transparent lie , or do you just hope other people do ? 
  ` yesterdays refugees have nothing to do with refugees . ', 
  that 's doublethink territory . 
  one article said some are known and here for two years , with rejected asylum claims and there on duldung ` toleration ' . 
  i.e : you have no right to be here , but deporting you is too hard/unpopular . 
  who were refugees two years ago from what i read . 
  the duplicity of the welcome crowd is just splendid . 
  every illegal immigrant is a refugee , regardless of virtually none of them meeting the legal definition of the term . 
  ( getting straight from an unsafe country to germany on a plane is n't that easy ) but once they 're in the country you suddenly get strict about the term , so you can pretend the misbehaviour of immigrants or their kids is clearly not a valid argument that there is something seriously wrong with the current immigration policy . 
  just like with the paris massacre . 
  noooo , you ca n't use that as an argument against refugees , because while they used the same unsecured borders to get in , they 're not refugees so it does n't count !, 
  it 's not so bad . 
  the only problem is the view and i do n't think it got worse by much . 
  edit2 : btw , did you notice the mined out husk of a hill in the same picture ? 
  and i kinda like the cacophony of aircraft warning lights at night . 
  looks eerie in a cool way . 
  noise certainly is n't a problem . 
  i have no fucking clue what the people in here who call them loud are going on about . 
  you ca n't hear them at all in town . 
  for it to be an issue you 'd have to live within 100 meters of one , sleep with open windows and be noise sensitive . 
  edit : anyway what 's your definition of ` near populated areas ' ? 
  pretty sure we do n't have any within 500 meters of anyones home . 
  we have a ton of those and i do n't see how that 's a problem unless you live within 50 metres of one . 
  they 're neither very loud nor do they have an annoying sound . 
  not the same town , those hills are 10 km away . 
  and considering they tried to keep them away from us with the tourism argument and the towns under those hills have the danube and roman ruins ( carnuntum ) and thus quite a bit more tourism , that might simply have worked better over there . 
  also the big one ( braunsberg ) has archeological sites on it . 
  yeah , my town banned wind turbines .
