  but it would help your point a lot if you bothered to elaborate . 
   article 33 of the 1951 convention relating to the status of refugees contains the following two paragraphs that define the prohibition of the expulsion or return of a refugee :  1 . 
  no contracting state shall expel or return ( `` refouler '' ) a refugee in any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on account of his race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion . 
  the benefit of the present provision may not , however , be claimed by a refugee whom there are reasonable grounds for regarding as a danger to the security of the country in which he is , or who , having been convicted by a final judgment of a particularly serious crime , constitutes a danger to the community of that country . 
   article 3 of the 1984 convention against torture also contains the following two paragraphs that define the prohibition of the expulsion or return of a person where there is a real risk of torture . 
  no state party shall expel , return ( `` refouler '' ) or extradite a person to another state where there are substantial grounds for believing that he would be in danger of being subjected to torture . 
  for the purpose of determining whether there are such grounds , the competent authorities shall take into account all relevant considerations including , where applicable , the existence in the state concerned of a consistent pattern of gross , flagrant or mass violations of human rights . 
  because we signed a un treaty that makes it illegal . 
  and yet there are plenty of people who are both anti-zionist and anti-semitic . 
  no matter how noble your cause , there are always stupid asses who are too extreme about it . 
   it disturbs me a lot that any criticism of the israeli regime is automatically considered as antisemitic ... yup . 
  but there 's also anti-semitism veiled as criticism of the israeli regime . 
  and lots more of calling your hatred reasonable concern and other people 's reasonable concern hatred . 
  welcome to the land of lies . 
  he did n't say it 's the only reason people hate israel . 
  it certainly does happen . 
  not only on the left either , too many treat political opinions as a package deal . 
   not aiming to kill them , but to stop them if you do n't aim to kill people you should n't be shooting them . 
  ( unless you mean rubber bullets or so ) this ai n't hollywood . 
  deliberately inflicting a non-fatal wound with a gun is really hard , in case of a charging crowd it becomes pretty close to impossible . 
  so let 's hope the macedonian cops can make do with tear gas and water cannons ... 
   only on reddit , and it 's complete bullshit . 
  not only on reddit , language is an ever evolving thing , and insisting it should n't does n't stop it . 
  deal with it . 
   agreed , actually . 
  but those extreme left that use these methods are not a group that the society listens to anyway . 
  they are not indicative for any `` fascist methods '' being used to repress racists . 
  still , any concern about immigration is all too frequently dismissed as racism by media and politicians . 
   i 've been called far left for not opposing immigration in general , so i 'd say that definition is at least just as broad on this subreddit . 
  well , extremists are stupid and love overgeneralisation . 
  it hardly matters which sort of extremist . 
  i have been called far right and far left myself . 
  no , using fascist methods is fascism . 
  it does n't matter who the target is . 
  using censorship , threats of violence and actual violence to shut up your opponents is wrong , even if those opponents are racists . 
  and as i 've pointed out to you before , the far left has a very very broad definition of racists . 
  very broad as in ` everyone who is n't far left ' . 
  you heard about the horseshoe theory ? 
  and before you go on about historical fascism being racist , that 's beside the point . 
  fascism has become a word for supressing politcal dissent and persecuting dissenters . 
  the ussr has also been called fascist , and not for being racist . 
   if i understand the guy right , then he does n't have a problem with people having anti-mass immigration sentiments , just with the way that an enormously vocal minority in this subreddit has been voicing them for months and is now free to do again : in a hate-filled , xenophobic way boardering blatant racism . 
  honestly i 'm not sure about that . 
  but regardless of that he and many others attempting to fight racism are too extreme about it . 
  people get accused of racism simply for not agreeing with their rather black and white view of the matter . 
  say anything bad about immigrants or immigration -  racist . 
  dispute the tiniest detail of their argument for immigration / immigrants -  racist . 
  and any problem with immigration that ca n't just be dismissed is , of course , entirely because -  racism edit : and as is happening here : we need to curtail immigration topics here because -  racists it 's simply used as an argument killer . 
  ` no , you are a bad person so shut up , be ashamed and i do n't have to tell you why you 're wrong or think about what you said . ', 
  that , frankly , is not a good method of convincing someone and used way too often . 
  on the contrary , pulling that with fence sitters too much just makes people more angry which you should know is quite an excellent conduit for hatred . 
  btw , in the censorship campaign he defended just two days ago i saw a youtobe video in the megathread , of some immigrant in sweden complaining about this exact thing , and more of the more absurd excesses of anti-racism ( from attacks on jews being condemed if nazis do it , ignored if islamists do it , over immigrants like him being called `` house ni **** '' , to government figures going on about how native culture stinks and swedes are jealous the rich culture of the immigrants ) . 
  got deleted despite fitting in the opinion column pretty nicely . 
  tl ; dr : being too quick with accusations of racism and when immigration comes up try to turn the focus on the bloody racists stifles discussion about important topics and just encourages the fucking racists . 
  people should lay it off , fast !, 
   also he is on point about the brigades , / r/european [ 2 ] frontpage is 50 % threads of this subreddit all the time , not even using np links and sometimes even targeting specific users . 
  please just check for yourself if you do n't believe me . 
  i 've seen it . 
  but it 's a pretty small not very busy sub , i ca n't see them skew / r/europe to such a great degree . 
  and , again : the polls . 
  it 's an increasingly common attitude and racism is getting worse too . 
  a lot . 
  we 'll have to deal with that . 
  and if you still have n't noticed , supressing it with shaming and censorship is n't working out so great right now . 
  and now why the fuck did i have to write such a wall of text again . 
   anti-immigration views are not held , for example , by most germans . 
  actually over 50 % are against immigration from outside the eu . 
  [ german source ] ( http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2015-02/migration-eurobarometer-deutschland-ablehnung-nicht-eu-laender ) [ english source ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/majority-germans-reject-immigration-outside-eu-312282 ) was probably quite a bit different last time you checked . 
  a poll in austria had opposition to mass immigration double from ~ 22 % to 45 % in a single year ( 2014/2015 ) . 
  public sentiment is rather rapidly turning against mass immigration , and / r/europe simply reflects this , no matter how much you want it to be brigading by racists . 
  hey said they 're cheap , not that the market just spits out good developers who happen to have the exact skill set you need . 
  probably . 
  ca n't tell you what tho . 
  the no meta posts sidebar text is gone too now . 
  i 'm very much under the impression that it is . 
  of course determining the majority opinion of / r/europe about it is difficult when the discussion gets censored so much . 
   personally i think it is an ` ok ' stop-gap measure until something more concrete can be agreed between the users and the mod team . 
  and when precisely do you intend to start having that discussion ? 
   awaiting discussion with the rest of the mod-team regarding the removal of meta-posts and what policy we take forward as a subreddit . 
  more transparency is required . 
  more discussion , less censorship plz . 
  1 ) why do you insist on the immigration megathread policy despite it being highly unpopular ? 
  2 ) why are complaints about the immigration megathread policy deleted quickly and without comment ? 
  no , people who have a problem with your idiotic attempts at censorship are not automatically racists or their apologists . 
  people like you are in fact the second best recruitment tool the far right has , but sadly you are far too arrogant to realise your folly , even if it is pointed out to you repeatedly . 
  short version : she made a ton of money from her fame and could have spent that on proper hospitals , rather than anti-abortion and anti-divorce campaigns , or more houses for people to simply suffer and die in . 
  she said that she considered suffering a beautiful gift from god . 
  except her own aparrently , because when she got sick she got herself the best medical care money can buy ... 
  so she was an immoral cruel hypocrite and her nice words mean nothing . 
  i do n't own a gun , do n't want one and i agree . 
  checking gun owners for competence and sanity makes sense , but making ammo storage with the cops mandatory goes too far . 
  particularly considering how little gun violence actually happens here . 
  it 's a nice piece of music . 
  of course the symbolism is rather unfortunate . 
  also , western europe grabs a decent percentage of that . 
   yeah why else would a guy who lived in the 6th century be associated with bombs . 
  because fundie nutjobs of the religion he founded blow up people in his name . 
   we all know it is n't all about muhammed . 
  of course not . 
  he 's a symbol .
