it 's always a tragicomedy , is n't it ? 
  i was also quite surprised by that fact when i was in czech republic ( uherske hradi\u0161te ) . 
  for what i heard , girls do n't like it not even a little bit . 
  in croatia , we 're at a high of 18 % and we are n't going down exactly . 
  increase in brain drain is even more noticeable , ireland is a very attractive , especially for someone in it as myself . 
  thing is , ireland seems to expensive , especially rent and such . 
  i feel like i 'd fit much better in poland , would n't mind , aye , if the pay can provide for myself while living solo in the beginning and have opportunity to advance . 
  down here , the pay is n't too shabby , but it 's the job opportunity , landing a full-time job , even in a field such as it seems near impossible . 
  how would a foreigner as myself fare ? 
  my english skills wo n't be useful as much as in ireland , but i do n't think polish would be too difficult to learn through the first few months since it 's slavic and all . 
  ca n't we at least be compassionate in that case ? 
  and just add slavonia to the mix for more fun . 
  i thought we 'd be the last ... 
  yes , southern , eastern and central , all together, 
  my honest apologies if that sounded like that , other countries suffered equally or even more than us . 
  it 's just that it happened in the historical regions of croatia and i find that to be somewhat relevant . 
  battle of sisak , yes , austro-hungarian territory , but not on austrian nor hungarian current soil , which was practically untouched by ottoman invasions unlike serbian , croatian and others that were occupied . 
  i never visited those countries , but the eurotrip movie scene is exaggerated for the sake of ridicule and laughs . 
  we are n't that much of a shithole , but hey , germany , the promised land , who gives a fuck about us in that case !, 
  slovenia is absolutely beautiful . 
  romania , bulgaria and southern parts of serbia do feel stuck in this . 
  i 've been to serbia , but only in vojvodina and belgrade , it seemed alright , problem is , i did n't peek outside belgrade , never really saw the outskirts . 
  you have a point , we ca n't deport them , war is a waste of life , i 'm just worried about the stability in future years . 
  i just want to correct one thing in the article . 
  hdz is not a christian democratic union , it 's croatian democratic union ( hrvatska demokratska zajednica ) , although they are christian democrats so not much of a mistake . 
  purging those judges in such a short turn was already too much and too obvious . 
  as a croatian , i do n't feel entitled to decide if they should join eu or not , but i hope other eu nations will finally come to senses . 
  ah , the promised lot . 
  that was the worst pro-immigrant thing i was hearing `` aaaah germans will profit greatly with highly educated immigrants no matter now much uneducated immigrants they receive with them '', 
  i would love to see that conducted here , i 'm fairly certain that i will also leave croatia and i find it fair that i should lose my voting right as long as i 'm officially living abroad . 
  half of croats live outside of croatia , mostly in countries which have significantly higher quality of life and they vote purely based on false facts portrayed through political campaigns/media which is a shitty reflection on what 's happening here . 
  i refereed to `` us '' as the south slavs . 
  tho , this goes way back i guess , ottoman expansion stopped on croatian soil , bulwark of christianity etc. 
  croatian diaspora , same thing , they vote for shittiest options that fuck things up over here and that does n't touch them the slightest . 
  you 're using eurotrip as a point of referance , i can not take you for serious . 
  were you ever in an eastern european country , for fucks sake ? 
  welcome my friend . 
  i can see why they did n't stay in slavic countries on the way , i guess they know how efficient we are at kebab removal . 
  as in oc or crosspost ? 
  sorry , forgot to add :(, 
  we 're apparently still stuck somewhere in ' 41 . 
  period . 
  wish we were `` stuck '' on the 2017 . 
  and later for a moment and focus on what a shithole we are . 
  good old katolibani . 
  `` i do n't speak paprikash '' - next time i go to hungary , i 'll give it a try . 
  i 'm well aware of what the flash symbol is . 
  ss sign always reminds me of a local joke since the it looks like two lightning bolts representing electricity/high voltage, 
  for a change , fight our common enemy instead inbetween heh, 
  pay attention to the left border and you 'll see it . 
  i wonder how they did n't just conclude that you speak russian - just like every slavic person . 
  i 've read these on r/croatia , i 'll translate a few . 
  `` why did n't you take down the walls after the war was over . 
  '' - implying about the dubrovnik walls . 
  `` where are your mosques , you all are muslims , right ? '', 
  on a trip to france , whilst ordering food , the waiter heard our us speaking a slavic language . 
  he asked us where did we come from . 
  after answering him that we 're croatian , he made some remarks about the adriatic and our football team and told us he had a menu in our language . 
  turns out he brought us menu 's in russian . 
  two americans on vacation here , whom were apparently of croatian heritage were disappointed that croatia was n't as adventourous , thinking that croatia was still a warzone . 
  one of them later asked if we visit moscow often . 
  i told her that moscow is in a completely different country and that miami and new york were closer that zagreb and moscow . 
  her response was : * `` y' all know nothing about geography . 
  '' * the whole thread is a gold mine , but i 'm on mobile right now , might add a few more `` gems '' . 
  `` if you calm down , i 'll call dad upstairs . '', 
  well , that 's how it works usually , it 's not exactly scaring kids so immensely that they develop permanent emotional damage . 
  baba roga , gypsies ( kidnapping ) and serbs . ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  the suspended ones usually come in more densely packed neighborhoods where it 's just easier to string it between two perpendicular buildings across the street . 
  this practice can be seen in croatia as well , but i 've noticed it 's always fairly old street lamps , i assume they 're not building new ones in such manner . 
  everywhere else it 's usually all rigid pole street lamps where it 's not so densely packed . 
  i assume that they do it to free up the sidewalks , cut on cost and also , would you like to have a street lamp right infront of your window ? 
  exactly the same thing here . 
  what if he lives in a smaller town or in countryside ? 
  a bit late to the party but : * a je to ( pat i mat ) * tmnt * il \u00e9tait une fois ... la vie / once upon a time ... life * beyblade * pokemon * digimon * tom and jerry and my favourite cartoon ( made in croatia btw ) : [ professor balthazar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdfjm4gqdsa ), 
  or if slavonia was an independent state, 
  pretty much every bakery and supermarket has them . 
  we call it perec . 
  unfortunately , like most other languages , we do n't have officially accepted contractions as english does , i guess . 
  not necessarily joining two words i think , we have plenty of examples where we drop out letters . 
  there 's one for my region , slavonia/n tomato sauce , kulen ( minced pork , flavoured by spicy paprika , smoke dried ) , bacon , maybe ham , hot peppers i also like to add a single egg while the pizza is half-baked . 
  sliced up bell peppers are another thing i like to , usually during summer while i have homegrown ones at my disposal . 
  i 've spent time in prague and moravia ( uherske hradiste ) and visited punkva caves and it was absolutely breathtaking and it all felt like home , therefore : i choose czech republic, 
  nope , but maybe sprucing it up a bit and you 'd have a dope crib with a far-reaching view . 
  15 years . 
  reason : [ vukovar , croatia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vukovar ), 
  guaranteed wild ride every time !, 
  ` stralia , i 'd say . 
  yet slo , cro , cz , sk , bih and some other places are all more to the west than greece . 
  i assume this comes from the iron curtain split ? 
  that , again , has a problem of yugoslavia not being `` behind '' the curtain . 
  the bland communist blocks as seen is [ eurotrip ] ( https://youtu.be/cqese-ikbi8?t=2m6s ) ? 
  i have some clear questionable liquid stashed in the pantry behind homemade ajvar . 
  father says it 's medical , but of course , it 's rakija with an even more questionable alcohol content making it perhaps flammable . 
  i 'd say that that countries like cz , sk , pl , de and hun are all more of a central europe . 
  croatia gets put into the eastern europe mix often , as far as i 've personally seen , but going with central or southern europe is perhaps more precise . 
  does kurva qualify ? 
  od oka `` by the eye '' , cooking is not engineering :p, 
  i hear decagram used very often here in croatia , mostly by older generations . 
  shortened to `` deka '' in everyday speech . 
  i tend to go by grams more often , but use deciliters for liquids .
