there is [ lithuania history book ] ( http://urm.lt/uploads/default/documents/travel_residence/history_of_lithuania_new.pdf ) in ministry of foreign affairs website . 
  i do n't think this way . 
  anyway this how discussion goes when you try argue with russians . 
  most of people in russia think that poland did not let them do something good . 
  they have point but overall `` what would happen if ... '' is just pointless . 
  yes you right . 
  most of citizens were polish at that time . 
  to be honest even in kaunas 60 % of people were not lithuanians . 
  it 's not place to discuss about it . 
  this is not a secret poland had plans to take whole lithuania at that time . 
  anyway , i do n't think it is a good reason to invade someone . 
  crimea had 90 % russian . 
  sudetenland had 90 % germans ... 
  i am not blaming poland . 
  lithuania let red army into their territory in exchange we got vilnius region who was occupied by poland . 
  anyway everyone knows how it ends . 
  there was non-aggression pact between germany and poland at that time . 
  this is why they did not let soviet union cross their borders . 
  i do n't try to blame anyone , just saying that poland was not an angel during interwar period . 
  of course , they paid huge price for this ... we all did, 
  how everything may change if podemos would win election ? 
  i would like to know czech or slovak opinion about nazi annexation of czechoslovakia . 
  czechoslovak army had modern army and excellent system of frontier fortifications . 
  also they had alliance with soviet union who wanted to help czechoslovakia . 
  anyway poland did not let soviet army cross their boarders so czechoslovakia was occupied with out bloodshed . 
  i think together with soviet union czechoslovakia could defend against nazi germany even with out western countries . 
  do people in czech republic or slovakia blame poland for their action in 1930s ? 
  poles could play major role in the history . 
  i do n't think there will be much action . 
  key point may be spanish general election in december . 
  these regional election could be a sign that that everything may move forward . 
  yeah , together we removed some kebabs !, 
  glorious days of europe, 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 ? 
  they may exchange their shirtless photos ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) . 
  then nobody could stop from new merkel-putin pact . 
  the 2015 spanish general election will be held on 20 december . 
  i thinks this may be turning point . 
  euro-skeptics has huge popularity there is spain . 
  all this greece , refugee , catalonia stuff may be a problem . 
  also spain has huge debt and unemployment rate . 
  this winter could be very hot there is europe . 
  all lithuanian games were very close . 
  [ original video keleti railway station in budapest hungary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=symc8vysvni ), 
  it 's not about who started arab spring . 
  question is : `` do you properly handled it ? '', 
  do n't forget that uk , us , france were flagships of all this arab spring . 
  no , i was sarcastic . 
  1500 in 4 years is joke for 320 million country . 
  especially since it is one of the world 's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations with deep immigration traditions . 
  of course , you cant take huge number of people from country who is fucked up by you . 
  yes . 
  it 's even hard to call this few since this basically nothing . 
  the usa has already taken in about 1,500 ( since 2011 ) , and expects another 300 by october !, 
  in 2013 , the us only accepted 36 applications , in part due to stringent rules meant to counter potential terrorism . 
  this battle was pretty good . 
  anyway my personal favorite is [ battle of orsha ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_orsha ) against grand duchy of moscow . 
  smaller army of poland -- lithuania ( under 30,000 men ) defeated a force of 80,000 muscovite soldiers . 
  it 's not 1:100 but still pretty insane number . 
  i were going to university who is near polish school . 
  so they was mostly communicating in russian language at least outside school . 
  anyway yes people who speak polish in lithuania not likely could understand person from poland . 
  my family grandmother was polish and everyone were speaking in that village semi-poland language . 
  my father and aunt were speaking that language but when they went poland they could barely understand something . 
  [ global school rankings ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/education/education-news/global-school-rankings-interactive-map-shows-standards-of-education-across-the-world-10247405.html ) . 
  according this stats greece is not last eu country . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://thelearningcurve.pearson.com/index/index-ranking ), 
  lithuania has deep alcohol drinking culture . 
  coolest guy is who can drink most . 
  especially it 's huge problem among young people . 
  starting drinking vodka at 13-16 years is pretty normal . 
  then you can boast to your friends that could take 0,5 litter of vodka or 5 litters of bear with out dizziness and be cool kid at school . 
  people can image having good time , celebration with out alcohol ... 
  favorite lithuanians activities : driving and swimming while you you are drunk . 
  all alcohol since 18 but it 's pretty while you are underage . 
  alcohol advertising is illegal in tv so 90 % of internet ads are about alcohol . 
  also ~ 40 % of all street light boxes ( at least in vilnius ) advertising alcohol . 
  situation is getting better over years but still is very tragic ... 
  i mean their hostility forward russia is disproportionated . 
  they even started some kind articles `` gilyn \u012f rusij\u0105 '' series about russia province . 
  according it all russians outside moscow and st. peterburg is drunk , retarded and happy about it . 
  it 's like in most small europe town ( at least easter europe ) , what is point of this slander program ? 
  also those series `` tada ir dabar '' where they are trying to prove how bad situation was in soviet union ( from daily , casual people perspective ) . 
  and those articles are absolute absurdity . 
  tons of articles about putin metal problems and how he is sick schizophrenia . 
  most self-respect newspapers never gon na publish such unreliable information as fact . 
  all those delfi experts are very negative forward russia and i do n't even know there they find them . 
  their general redactor m.garba\u010diauskait\u0117 - budrien\u0117 is very biased person and she ca n't understand any criticism . 
  you should listen how she is talking in '' \u017dini\u0173 radijas '' . 
  overall , russia is not wonderland , lithuanian media is negative forward it and it is understandable but delfi always beyond neutrality line with out any real arguments . 
  yes delfi ee lv lt belong for ekpress meedia group . 
  some members of the estonian and lithuanian parliaments have proposed laws making delfi and other news portals responsible for the contents of anonymous comments . 
  in june 2015 , the european court of human rights unexpectedly ruled in delfi as v. estonia that delfi.ee was responsible for its readers ' comments . 
  anyway , delfi is very biased . 
  at least delfi lt looks like official lithuania conservative party newspaper . 
  very biased in russia topic . 
  they always trying show russia from negative side . 
  yes only dark , kold and rok, 
  this national flag of lithuania weed duchy after we united with latvia , belarus , prussia and ethiopia !, 
  or someone messed up lithuania flag with traffic light :(,
