  colour me shocked, 
  french, 
  the power of propaganda in media . 
  we in the west should be very careful we do n't tretread down that path, 
  why have a child when i can have cash , sleep and free time ? 
  you were on the list until your cute eurovision act, 
  31 % of torygraph readers not voting tory is quite a shock, 
  surely 10 % above the average will become the new average allowing 10 % above that and so on, 
  all whilst not paying tax, 
  and * i * won # 2.04 betting on it, 
  up yours france . 
  we won the important battle, 
  ah nigella reading the results , the tit fest is n't over yet , 
  youtube it . 
  she is * adorably * cute, 
  i still think we 'll beat france, 
  in a european city of australia 's choosing, 
  almost done . 
  just italy left . 
  indeed , their act looked heartbroken last year : /, 
  not a bad song , can see why the bookies like it, 
  i have work at 8 on a sunday :( . 
  need to be up at 6 because sunday services on the buses, 
  sorry russia , ca n't beat those two jailbait chicks from last year, 
  zzzzzzzz ( which is also what i should be doing now ), 
  is anyone actually paying attention to the song ? 
  i 've been waiting for this one . 
  she may even beat lithuania on the pretty girl scale edit : nah . 
  solid 2nd place though, 
  it 's op 's mom 's vibrator, 
  half way there bro, 
  i 'll pretend to be a big bad wolf is she 's little red riding hood, 
  lithuania, 
  romania have an entry ? 
  but nigel farage told me they were all in the uk !, 
  meh , really not interested, 
  nobody has mastered it quite like us . 
  except maybe france, 
  who could forget those polish butter churners graham ? 
  still not as hot as lena \\* tut tut *, 
  can not unsee  tonight cat , i 'm going to be ** you **, 
  yeah , i know . 
  [ one of my highest rated comments is from the 2013 thread of this thread after all ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1el4dl/official_eurovision_song_contest_2013_thread/ca1btbj ) that said i 'll take it from any country . 
  pyro-watch : i am disappoint :(, 
  ooh pyros . 
  ^ in ^ my ^ dreams, 
  with some acts i still have that problem, 
  his leg seems stiffer than dr house 's, 
  time for our special guests . 
  from what i 've heard the song is n't that good . 
  may win on novelty values, 
  it sounds like he 's forgetting the next line with those pauses, 
  and eesti, 
   mirjam weichselbraun looks like it 's time to go incognito . 
  many thanks friend, 
  sweden have got this , let 's all go home now, 
  you 're only saying what we 're all thinking, 
  that blonde host is pretty cute too, 
  i heard the bbc censored the scat . 
  can another euro confirm ? 
  if by `` this '' you mean `` her '' i fully agree, 
  they tried that . 
  iirc it gave an unfair advantage to english speaking countries . 
  birds eye potato waffles ... 
   i 'm afraid that there 's too much interference in our media and government for them to make the eu 's case . 
  this is very much true and a reason i am fearful of a referendum . 
  nobody in the media called out farage for being spun more than the towels in my washing machine - including his latest pr stunt of `` resigning '' but were happy to bully milliband . 
  how would you suggest the eu speak directly to the british public though ? 
  they already have [ a page ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/category/euromyths/ ) dedicated to debunking myths peddled here . 
  in 2010 the lib dems were the left most party and people voted for them based on these policies ( tuition fee freeze , increase of personal allowance , more civil liberties , voting reform ) but instead they joined a coalition with the right and * allowed * the tories to ride roughshod over the poor , the young and the disabled . 
  nobody pointed a gun to their heads , they did not need to vote in favour of these measures but they did . 
  they did n't even abstain . 
  come 2015 nobody believes them anymore . 
  tl ; dr : promised left wing get right, 
  there 's no arguing it 's simple but some things need to be complicated . 
  after all it would be simpler to have no election at all and let the queen pick parliament, 
  i think retarded is the word you 're looking for, 
  we 're also hoodwinked into believing the rest of the eu will bend over backwards to get our trade and at any cost, 
  trouble is that misinformation acts as propaganda and does increase anti eu sentiment . 
  by controlling information you can control opinion as any competent dictator knows , it 's just in this country censorship is done by finance instead of government, 
  it 's also a great blame magnet for unpopular domestic policies, 
  same here . 
  pretty much everything i know about him comes from the sabaton album, 
  poland is though . 
  i was wondering if polish officials would be able to stop them entering on ( let 's say ) a german-issued schengen visa . 
  does schengen allow that ? 
  a crackpot party like bnp may put it up for the usual backlash but no serious party will run with it . 
  parties attack * each other * here rather than anyone else apart from ukip who attack immigrants, 
  finally . 
  mind you i 've not had the chance to read the article since yahoo want me to install their app instead of reading it and i do n't give sites like that ad revenue, 
  ukip candidate to face police probe over potential treating just does n't have the same wackiness to it i guess feel free to change treating to lawbreaking or bribery if you wish, 
  i do n't care if it 's a way of life and a tradition . 
  it 's barbaric and cruel . 
  we do n't burn witches at the stake afyrt all also did anyone else find this biased in favour of conservation ? 
  i agree with it so idk if it 's just me . 
  the quality of german bakeries and doner, 
   feel at home is intended for our uk customers who are visiting one of the destinations for short trips , like holidays or business trips . 
  if you only use your plan in a feel at home destination for a complete calendar month , and this happens in any three months in any 12 month period , we may suspend international roaming on your account , which would mean you would n't be able to use your phone or device abroad anymore . 
  we 'd let you know if this were likely to happen first . 
  if you spend a full calendar month abroad but some of that time is spent in a destination that is n't included in feel at home , this restriction wo n't apply .
