  as long as we beat ireland all is good, 
  i 'm going for russia getting 12 point edit : dang it, 
  lmao, 
  who gave the uk one point ? 
  take a drink !, 
  i do n't mind , they give us three points when you bastards never do :p, 
  hands up who 's shocked here ? 
  my top 5 woiuld be iceland , netherlands , greece , romania and denmark ( in that order ) edit : voted just in time lol, 
  watching these lyrics take me back to physics a-level !, 
  good on greece though, 
  could one look more stereotypically icelandic ? 
  this denmark song is n't bad ( and nor is the singer ) but not as good as has been touted, 
  i liked their song before it was cool, 
  * got the moves like jagger * wait , wrong song, 
  * le rouyame-uni , nul points *, 
  you took the words out of my mouth, 
  must admit these first 12 songs have gone pretty quickly, 
  it 's this or estonia for my current favourite atm, 
  here comes armenia , with a song written by tony iommi ( of black sabbath fame ), 
  really embarrassing evidently, 
  oh germany , could you put forward rammstein for 2014 please ? 
  not bad but it does n't stand out enough for it 's position in the running order imo, 
  and ireland to finally go for * my lovely horse *, 
  has george formby come back from the dead ? 
  i 'd still be none the wiser if i did n't have the lyrics up, 
  could have a winner here, 
  now this is something i can get behind . 
  on the red button in the uk , not sure about abroad . 
  finland have been one my favourites and totally not just because of lordi but this song is n't doing it for me, 
  sealand can into relevance !, 
  yep . 
  how many other eu countries can one get near absolute power without getting nowhere near a majority of votes ? 
  what does manipulated mean in this case ? 
  surely not the selective use of quips and careful selection of words used every bloody day by the press ? 
  he actually said :  historians will study with interest the news manipulation of the past 18 months which is a very fair comment to make imo, 
  it does n't hurt nearly as much when one steps on it ? 
  i 'd expect nothing else tbh . 
  i do n't agree with them mind #bettertogether, 
  indeed , i was trying to talk about the distribution of left and right though - there are more on the right and those are generally in higher circulation . 
  as opposed the right wing bias in offline media ? 
  does * dig for victory * count ? 
  so facebook 's response seems to be that they do n't have the manpower to conform to local law and terrorists will flourish if facebook is not allowed to harvest your data, 
  i 'm getting pissed off with the holier than thou attitude of the media and trying to pretend that they were campaigning for the exact opposite until that one picture washed up, 
  i would n't worry about it . 
  the right is calling everyone who disagrees with them leftist and then saying all leftists welcome mass , uncontrolled immigration where in reality few do . 
  due to influx this is massively upvoted it is exactly like the left calling the right nazis and racists which is also total bollocks but for some reason it 's taken as a personal attack . 
  simpsons did it , simpsons did it, 
  same version i heard, 
  it would require force if they decided to force the crossing on masse . 
  charging as a huge group has been shown to work many times in war, 
  at least you guys have a turnout limit . 
  when we had an election ( not quite a referendum ) for police and crime commissioner the turnout was circa 10 % but the results were considered legitimate, 
   personally , i think it can be solved if we tackle ( talking for the uk here ) and bring down isis easier said than done mate . 
  fancy a trip to the uk ? 
  you can jerk off all day if you avoid the guardian and the mirror, 
  better than little eichmanns pretending every refugee is scum ( see what i did there ? 
  but i wonder which one of us will get downvoted ? ), 
  went without saying really but i 'd be interested in seeing how many tv news channels cover this with my guess being less than one . 
  by delaying payment until after the election he could also have claimed that someone else was to blame, 
  tomorrow 's headlines with be dominated by op 's extraneous apostrophe edit : of course i 'd cock up this comment . 
  probably , would n't surprise me if they think a ukip victory will stop the migrants trying, 
  more like it 's just crossed the channel . 
  can you find one relatively recent story about the eu in the uk press ? 
  the psychological effect on drivers and crew springs to mind . 
  our press is a fucking joke yet they have the balls to claim that they 're moral crusaders against government, 
  fair enough , just wanted to make sure i did n't have the wrong end of the stick, 
  beneficial for you or beneficial for the country as a whole ? 
  i meant the former in my posts, 
  indeed . 
  but i still think it 's fair to say that it wo n't be as beneficial for an individual . 
  whether that 's a good thing or not is up to the reader to decide, 
   this really depends on what bill of rights and judicial structure the uk puts in place instead of the echr . 
  given the rule of the right since 1979 it wo n't be as beneficial to the individual . 
  and people say farage lost the election i 'd rather get rid of may than freedom of movement too, 
  do n't forget the psychological effect on the driver, 
  i wonder why ww ** 2 ** is so named ? 
  supposedly , i prefer to stay inland though, 
  they are in england and used to keep the wind away . 
  afaik people do much the same as in the picture . 
  my experience is second hand mind , i rarely go to the beach, 
  not terrible ( but not great ) in terms of government censorship but that really does n't matter when the media and government are in cahoots . 
  financial censorship and narrow plurality are bigger concerns to a free press, 
  think of him as the british bernie sanders . 
  ridiculous is n't it ? 
  mayo can fuck right off and ketchup become the new sauce overlord . 
  on proper chips there is nothing like curry sauce, 
  like a modern version of danegeld, 
  if history is anything to go by it 'll be overpriced and underperform but still have customers ( and rory at the bbc will praise i, 
  it 's not a serious crime , nothing like trying to view porn, 
  do you mean the mirror or the guardian ? 
  we get them from hardware stores or even supermarkets . 
  nobody gets a good one because even thinking about having a bbq will summon rajn, 
  i see no problem with it as long as there is an adequate english summary and/or no english article . 
  we should n't exclude content it 's not in english imo, 
  [ colonel bogey march ] ( https://youtu.be/qfavoelaktc ) * hitler , has only got one ball ... *, 
  as someone who hates english summers because of the weather i really do n't, 
   despite the fact that the conservatives and ukip got a majority of the votes unless my maths is seriously wrong that is not the case . 
  they may have got the most seats and the biggest vote share but that says more about our retarded voting system . 
  it may also be worth mentioning that very few media outlets are left wing so the internet is the only place to get their voice heard, 
  you mean a press long known to be anti union is being anti union ?
