  they 've tried that . 
  the media and the people are n't listening - there has been scandals about ukip members but nothing about ukip itself, 
  why do i get the feeling that there has just been a massive increase in the yes vote north of the border, 
  yep but it 's not required - it even says so on the carf, 
  i felt it was badly publicised . 
  i only knew about it when browsing reddit . 
  if more people are like me then it 'll make little difference . 
  you can have the best argument in the world but it must be listened to in order to be effective confirmation bias is also very hard to break . 
  see / u/rithgor over in [ this topic ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/25q3v5/nigel_farages_spin_doctor_interrupts_live_radio/chjp010 ) for the lengths people will go to so they can discredit opposing views, 
  at least we beat france . 
  quite disappointed mind . 
  perhaps we should follow lordi 's example we 're the home of metal after all !, 
  belgium gave nothing to france ? 
  i 'm in shock, 
  come on ireland, 
  no question . 
  it was kind of obvious, 
  at least you have more than one neighbour to vote for you, 
  '' * la russie , douze points * '' - belarus edit : those poor girls though , they looked rather deflated : /, 
  and france is on the board, 
  those glasses are beyond a fashion disaster, 
  we ca n't vote for ireland so the 12 points may go on a good song, 
  haha graham . 
  no extra drinks for anyone playing along though as she is speaking french, 
  will france go home with * nul points * ? 
  who did n't see that coming ? 
  shame about the booing, 
  now this is a catchy song , the chorus still gets stuck in my head - . -, 
  you 're here because you won last year, 
  i gave austria my vote . 
  i 'd get totally hammered but i have work in the morning so need to be un-hungover tomorrow, 
  anyone else feeling sorry for op 's inbox ? 
  he did . 
  it was after the pyro effects for the commentators, 
   it 's like the gay wedding i 'll never have words fail me, 
  tape falling - take a drink !, 
  hi graham !, 
  haha good old poles, 
  if only, 
  we deserve to lose, 
  this song can redeem itself if it steps up a gear soon, 
  `` country and western '' ? 
  next !, 
  bruno mars ? 
  is that you ? 
  denmark have dented their chances by not using lego in their postcard, 
  acceptable, 
  anyone else hearing `` take on me '' in the riff ? 
  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz, 
  there 's something missing from that spanish flag, 
  not too bad finland . 
  not as good as lordi but then what is ? 
  curses , i just opened a new one . 
  still rules are rules, 
  you did . 
  and poland 's boobfest, 
  we 're last iirc, 
  beware the ides of march, 
  damn russia , you may be imperialistic but your act is hot, 
  i 'd rather not know, 
  ah , i was n't sure . 
  now i feel silly ... 
  sabrina will be representing them in a decade, 
  not sure if you have the bbc stream but they did a feature on the highest note ever, 
  my ears ... 
  it 's good but it 's no lena ( < 3 ), 
  austria best thus far, 
  this is bloody awful . 
  edit : i 've resorted to the mute button, 
  ah poland , i 've heard good things about you, 
  she 's doing her bit for rail safety - always stand behind the yellow line, 
  three words : hard rock hallelujah, 
  indeed it was although they were n't to know at the time that farage himself could do no wrong, 
  i was describing the av referendum ( the yes side being denied a platform in that vote ) . 
  i see the eu referendum being exactly the same given the current anti-eu stance of much of the media, 
  you mean brainwashing the people with subtle ( and not so subtle ) rhetoric for one side of the argument whilst denying the other a platform for mass dissemination of their argument ? ... 
  emigration to scotland looks more and more welcoming ( salmond actually gives a damn about common folk for a start ), 
  pretty much but my point was since stalin did so he could claim credit for defeating japan if he wanted, 
  sadly this is true . 
  they then scream oppression and anti-america circlejerk when someone is not wholly positive about the usa, 
  the soviet union defeated the bulk of japan 's army in the field although by 1945 it was not that formidable . 
  you do n't honestly think japan or the us gave the kuriles to the ussr out of the goodness of their hearts ? 
  the ussr defeated the japanese army in an engagement on the soviet-manchuria border which caused the latter to seek a non-aggression pact between the two . 
  this is just my opinion of course , i can not pretend to speak for everyone but i am from the midlands and i 've noticed people being bitter towards london . 
  gdp is increasing but it 's not seen in our wage packets and the sick and unemployed face more draconian measures to get their pitiful allowance from the state and i believe food bank use is increasing . 
  there are protests against the first stage of hs2 ( high speed rail line ) from london to birmingham but nobody bats an eyelid at thameslink and crossrail which are for london commuters ( do n't get me wrong they are needed ) . 
  this stuff goes back to thatcher and her letting the north wither whilst the city of london boomed as for the eu our media have long been against it ( hence not scrutinising ukip beyond some of its members behaviour ) and this has forced cameron to promise a referendum on eu membership in 2017 . 
  whilst this may be an empty promise for next year 's general election i am scared that a referendum will go ahead and we 'll leave the eu . 
  one need not look further than the av referendum to know information will not be fairly broadcast, 
  everything is crap and getting worse under a right wing government determined to sever us from our brussels granted rights . 
  london and the south east are reaping the benefits of the increase in gdp but everyone north of watford is still paying for it . 
  good jobs are all but nonexistent . 
  the media is wanking over ukip like a teenage boy in the playboy mansion and completely ignoring that they deliberately hid their non-eu policies until after the upcoming elections . 
  it 's pretty nice if you want to grab a quick bite to eat but there 's generally better, 
  not sure why you mentioned schengen but your other points are right on the money . 
  the opposite is also true , local governments take the credit for eu policy which benefits them . 
  ultimately imo it is easier to be critical than to be positive, 
  probably welsh, 
  whatever . 
  it 's not like i 'll be able to change your opinion with mere fact,
