  yet my childish mind can not see past ** poo ** in the dutch passport, 
  actions speak louder than words cameron . 
  show you give a damn about ordinary citizens ( that includes the poor and sick in case you get your definition of ordinary from ids ) and scotland will more likely remain in the uk . 
  it wo n't happen because it 's better for the government * not * to get a result so they can promise the opportunity in the future . 
  if we authorise a referendum we need to force coverage to be neutral and fact based . 
  i suspect given a referendum we 'd vote to leave because of toxic propaganda in all arms of news media . 
  i know wikipedia has errors and it 's not always correct - that 's why it 's not allowed as an academic source . 
  using the daily mail as citation for wikipedia 's factual inaccuracies is frankly hilarious - i may even use it as a good example of the pot calling the kettle black . 
  nice straw man by the way as neither i nor / u/quebe said the republic of ireland is part of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  edit : britain ( and its derivatives ) is an ambiguous term . 
  day to day i , and i believe many others , class it as the uk in political/social terms and great britain in terms of geography, 
   ireland is no longer british , and therefore not an island of britain / british isle . 
  [ better luck next time ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles ) . 
  granted it 's not simple terminology, 
  more brits voted for him than his opponents in whichever posh constituency he stood in . 
  nationwide more people voted for the conservative party than any other but more brits did not vote conservative than did, 
  still not the majority of votes . 
  i do not deny his party got more votes than the others, 
   because from the results , he got the most votes in the 2010 election . 
  really ? 
  i could have sworn otherwise ( do not confuse most of us with getting the most votes ) . 
  can we have the red card to stop cameron ? 
  most of us did not vote for him or his party and nobody voted he become pm, 
  i agree , this sub and uk media has been very favourable to the protestors, 
  imo it 's to distract from social issues at home that those in power would rather those not in power forget about . 
  in the uk it distracts from the fact this government is making the poor pay for bailing out the rich, 
  did n't notw shut down because of the phone hacking scandal ( only to be resurrected under a different name ), 
  i do n't read it and the problem is not solved because it is still influencing policy, 
  so why are we shutting down extremist websites ? 
  we have standards in every other industry so why not the press ? 
  the daily mail can publish but it should not be allowed to call itself a newspaper if it ca n't meet basic standards of accuracy, 
  the press harks on about its rights but never its responsibility . 
  a paper which is consistently wrong must not be considered part of the press, 
  daily mail needs to be shut down . 
  i 'm all for freedom of the press but the press must be accurate and honest and the mail is neither, 
  farage is stage managed with the best of them but for some reason the papers are n't picking up on it presumably because they like him . 
  all his policies are `` eu bad '', 
  under mr farage 's plan absolutely nothing will change, 
  i 'm worried as to where they 'll find the time to fit it in, 
  those in power seem to realise we need the eu or are better off in it at least whereas those not in power do n't see it hence the politicking, 
  treacle or golden syrup steamed pudding . 
  from a tin because i 'm lazy, 
  and i want to be a millionaire . 
  what we want and what we get are often rather different . 
  this headline implies it 's going to happen sure as night follows day, 
  after record stirring by the likes of the torygraph this is no surprise . 
  it 'll come even if the torygraph has to make it up, 
  pizza, 
  maybe but the eu is defending them against a government determined to make the poor pay the deficit, 
  well of course it is . 
  did i mention the uk establishment does not like europe ? 
  presumably because it gives us commoners rights, 
  all whilst pretending to hate the eu , saying we 're better off outside it , how the eu takes more than it gives and how eastern european influx is putting british workers out of a job . 
  i really do hate the hypocrisy in my country * sigh *, 
  meh , not like the common man will see any of it . 
  i 'd rather they spoke about median earnings than gdp, 
  i agree but would also say he has to be to contend against an anti eu press, 
  iirc locals still get benefit without paying in, 
  the anti eu stance they 've fostered through their friends in the press has come to bite them in the arse . 
  you ca n't accept eu money when you 're constantly telling everyone you give more than you go and we know that the government ( especially ids ) is willing to let the poor suffer for their ideology, 
  things like circumcision , especially of children , women being institutionally treated as second class , getting hammered every weekend, 
  i do n't know enough to make an informed decision so i 'd maintain the status quo for now, 
  there are aspects of culture that are best left behind . 
   [ `` compund words ] ( http://german.about.com/od/nounsandcases/a/german-compound-words.htm ) : if you don \u00b4 t have the right name for a thing , just make your own by combining other words . 
  a fact that made my german appear more impressive than it actually is . 
  that and slipping in an english word and hoping for the best , 
  i do n't mind an 11 % pay rise as long as expenses are curtailed to the bare minimum, 
  occupational hazard of fighting i 'm afraid, 
  you can arguably include the uk . 
  it may be more stealthy than other countries but it 's still there, 
  they exist in britain mainly because i see one each time i get the bus into town . 
  their advantages are when there is a heavy traffic flow in one direction which basically prevents the other sides from getting on . 
  it 'd be easier with a picture but sadly i 'm on my phone, 
  for the eurosceptics joining with a party seen as far right would damage their legitimacy is my guess, 
  i can only speak for the uk but the answer is definitely yes . 
  yes . 
  tory doctrine thrives on austerity - the poor pay for the rich, 
  ironic that the bbc is accused of left wing bias when the exact opposite is true, 
  the military commanders did not have absolute power though . 
  the somme and paschendaele were fought for primarily political objectives - haig wanted to attack in flanders in 1916 but got the somme for little better reason than the french said so . 
  the german army was only 70 miles from paris for most of the war , no politician or army commander could let that stand attrition worked , men who fought and died in the trenches could have been at home mending the railway . 
  with fewer shells required there is more for industry . 
  more men could have joined the navy to break the blockade ( paschendaele was launched because of the u boat threat at the time ), 
  it 's as though cameron has a vested interest in the current system . 
  either that or he thinks anyone who is not a tory is thick, 
  works for the uk, 
  lucky you, 
  virtually every office in the country runs it and you ca n't change it either . 
  i know it does n't really answer the question since the same is probably true across europe so i 'll go out on a limb and say people are lazy, 
  unemployment is going down because the government is moving the goalposts regarding exactly who is classed as unemployed . 
  * on a zero hour contract ( but not getting any work ) ? 
  * on a government mandated training course ? 
  * on the welfare to work program ( not 100 % about this ) * only getting a few hours per week ? 
  then you 're not unemployed according to government statistics . 
  genetics does have an effect but i still believe environment is a bigger factor for education . 
  this is not just teaching in schools of course but also the learning environment at home . 
  what worries me is that this is going to be a shitty justification for more cuts to education . 
   hopefully , it will push the english system towards one in which the state provides a generous amount of funding per pupil , which parents can spend in any school they wish , breaking down the barrier between private-state school this is what i find disturbing . 
  putting aside those parents who do n't care or do n't know enough to make an informed decision it seeks to remove more power from the state and into the hands of those who are not professionals in education . 
  blair did some decent things during his term .
