  not at all religious . 
  probably a 7 on the scale of religiosity i just made up where 1 is the pope and 10 is dawkins as the flair says i 'm from england, 
  whilst having the side effect of completely exonerating you tony, 
  the tap water is fine in the english midlands thanks to the welsh . 
  fluoride is put in our water which does n't taste any different to me but does help with dental hygiene i guess . 
  if i 'm in london i 'll drink bottled water as i dislike the taste , even in tea . 
  restaurants will sell bottled water but will give you tap water for free on demand, 
  i think it 's more borne of arrogance : the eu needs us far more than we need them so we can leave and still get all the bits we like but none of the ones we do n't . 
  it 's incredibly naive, 
  yes . 
  the only non english album is the swedish version of carolus rex, 
  yep although it 's basically only rammstein \\ #anglophoneproblems, 
  apologies are free and the sun know it, 
  sure is but i was trying to say that our press acts like it 's a problem unique to britain, 
  kind of but more because our papers like to think that it 's incompetence in running the railways which does n't happen on mainland europe, 
  good to know it 's not just us that have these problems with the railways . 
  are you from the uk ? 
  nice double negative in there * bruv *, 
  to a degree but the moment it 's suggested that the papers should not be able to get away with lying as much they suddenly portray themselves as churchillian defenders of democracy and british values . 
  there was the [ leveson inquiry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leveson_report ) after the hacking was found out but nothing ever came of it . 
  plurality is also a problem in this country , instead of having competition between papers a few men control a huge majority . 
  shake hands . 
  man or woman, 
  that if is bigger than the moon though whilst failures are legion, 
  rugby at the moment , especially after hosting the world cup, 
  not really . 
  if the west felt like intervention it would have happened just like in iraq, 
  \\ #prayforparis let 's pray , it 's not like religious belief caused this attack ... 
  the right would then need someone else to blame, 
  we never really grouped up : germany and sweden allowed them in whilst hungary built fences and austria allowed transit . 
  britain conflated this crisis with the ongoing one in calais, 
  i 'm more than happy for brazil 's weather to stay there , i 'd rather import norway 's ( especially svalbard ) weather but without the bears, 
  i do n't blame the average punter for getting confused , what i do blame is government and media allowing/exploiting the confusion . 
  both should know the difference but are happy to let people be confused . 
  / u/bowgentle covered it well but i wanted to add that the human rights act and hence the echr are not the same as the eu but it 's all * seen * as eu meddling and britain 's role in the echr conveniently forgotten . 
  a number of things unpopular at home really . 
  the rest gets blamed on labour ( the opposition , not in power since may 2010 ) * human rights ( yes , * i * know it 's not the eu but they still get blamed ) * prisoner voting * whole life sentencing * wonky fruit * immigration, 
  iirc the sas was basically unknown by the public beforehand, 
  as long as they keep the sweet chili chicken all is forgiven, 
  yep . 
  quite a good variety too ( although i only like a couple of them ), 
  # 3 for a cold sandwich , drink and crisps from most supermarkets, 
  and you think the uk is going to be any better ? 
  may 's war on civil liberties are ongoing and cameron does n't like encryption he ca n't see, 
  this guy is just looking to be offended and is pissed off that christianity is not given privilege, 
  sorry , i 'll keep my statement of facts out next time, 
  it 's not a battle . 
  every other paper had the decency to be factual in their headline . 
  only the paper known for supporting hitler in the past is different, 
  the torygraph is really on the attack is n't it ? 
  i 'm afraid you may have misunderstood . 
  i was asking if you can prove that the money given from eu funding is all british ? 
  i did not ask if britain was a net contributor which is well known . 
  i 've no problem with this . 
  the giving of money comes with strings and it has to be stated where it comes from . 
  if you want the money you have to do things you do n't like - which begs the question as to why the telegraph is not in uproar over having to go on workfare to receive benefit money ( as a taxpayer that 's my money i 'm paying to subsidise big businesses after all ) i do n't buy the argument that because we are a net contributor we 're actually spending our own money . 
  other countries are contributors too so can anyone say at least part of this is n't german money ? 
  mainly though eu money gets spent where it 's needed in stark contrast to whitehall where it gets spent on the richest . 
  i 'm sick of having to face a barrage of anti eu propaganda on ** fucking everything to do with the eu **, 
  can you prove that ? 
  agreed but the eu money seems to go to places whitehall turns their noses up at, 
  i 'd like a proper scientific study done into it , then we can take it from there . 
  definitely . 
  it should be * colour * damn it, 
  the left are forced to take such steps as they are being shut out of the debate by a press deseparate to attack them, 
  the only problem i had with that is how quickly the media made a u turn . 
  it 's more like trying to get everyone on a level playing field, 
  if i remember one thing from gcse geography it 's that this valley was formed by glaciation, 
  that much is true, 
  that would be a nice experiment, 
  makes you wonder how much was down to bloc voting . 
  much as i wanted straya to win at least i put a couple of quid on ukraine edit : 7/2 odds so # 9, 
  i can only speak for myself but i liked weird alski, 
  more than ukraine with a non political song about russians forcing her family out of the crimea, 
  indeed . 
  i 'm confused , i found it a terrible dirge, 
  at least this voting system really shows us the bloc voting, 
  hopefully it happens next year, 
  far too much pausing here . 
  we 're not popular :(, 
  sweden ... eesti still can not into nordic, 
  by that logic we 'd have given 12 to australia - they have our flag in theirs . 
  12 points for russia, 
  jury only, 
  creepy ... 
  that is one awful jacket, 
  nordic bloc holding firm, 
  * le royaume-uni , douze points * let it sink in, 
  you must be a prophet !, 
  good old ireland . 
  agreed , at least give the 10 and 12 . 
  san marino 's top rap scene guy beat them, 
  there 's a surprise / s, 
  is it me or does anyone else not find her that funny ? 
  this is actually pretty funny . 
  i 'd vote for them, 
  did you survive the georgia recap ? 
  i am . 
  whatever floats your boat i guess, 
  possibly theworst track i 've heard all night but then this is n't my thing,
