the policy of those pushing for an exit is retarded : `` we want to leave but keep our favourable trade agreements '', 
  the judge is basically giving him the opportunity to evade the law for a sum of money . 
  or to buy justice . 
  forget whether or not it 's a joke one should not be able to buy their way out of a criminal act, 
  ukip vote against everything without caring what it is they 're voting against . 
  they 're a stain on our nation, 
  if you make a deal with the devil do n't be surprised when he stabs you in the back, 
  perhaps but with propaganda and misinformation flying around everywhere it 'll be av all over again, 
  as far as i am concerned the problem is not ukip getting directly elected into power but forcing a shift even further right from the mainstream parties , especially the tories leading to ukip policy ( the * only * one ) becoming enacted even though it 's not farage signing them, 
  but how will it affect house prices ? 
  [ that would be an ecumenical matter !, 
  ] ( https://31.media.tumblr.com/f6e604e8cb1200e919a59477648291d6/tumblr_mg2f07dm8y1rmp3jbo1_500.png ), 
  kneel before our lord and saviour : the free market, 
   i 'm loving living here but i 'm getting rather tired of hearing the phrases `` eussr '' , `` merkelreich '' , `` 4th reich '' etc from these people . 
  but where i am they seem to be the majority . 
  there are plenty of people here who agree with you . 
  we 're just not given a voice in a campaign of hate in a media composed of very few different players . 
  bush could n't have done a great deal without the houses behind him . 
  what made his administration so bad was that many elected officials agreed, 
  of course you 're both right . 
  your value is good for water at room temperature and / u/g _ morgan is good at 4 \u00b0 c. 
  i can vouch for that . 
  well worth buying, 
  never . 
  it 's political suicide to even be neutral about the euro, 
  the problem with improving local authorities is that they 're dependent on central government for most of their money and , as we 've seen in birmingham , whitehall is not above cutting this money for voting in the wrong party, 
  i wonder how many more subscribers they 'd get if thru would just list which damn programs are available in an easy to find link . 
  like they blocked the rise in tuition fees ? 
  or the various measures against those on benefits ? 
  only good thing is that they can as it 's not in the coalition agreement, 
   * conservatives : reform referendum * labour/libdems : no referendum i still think the tory referendum promise is a lie ( why not schedule it before the election ? ) . 
  i have to admit the idea of a referendum in today 's climate of misinformation and anti eu propaganda is scary . 
  i see it as cameron being more interested in his own reelection than in britain although this is not unique to him by any means this sort of thing is what people gloss over when they say ukip wo n't do well in the next election - by forcing the tories to lurch to the right they 're doing well , at least in part . 
  the same thing happened in 1997 , labour moved so far right in the hope of getting elected they became almost indistinguishable from the conservative party - a strong victory for the latter, 
  isis . 
  the media is fickle and gets bored easily as well as being more interested in conjecture than fact, 
  that 's what whitehall does . 
  they never mention which powers should come back - they do n't need to as an anti-eu press does n't ask the questions it ought to but repeats this . 
  oh no , they 'll have to use a free alternative, 
  nope . 
  he made his choice . 
  my opinion may change if more facts come to light, 
  doing so would be a deal with the devil . 
  the usa will give him a trial about as fair as manning got, 
  water and tea mainly but i 'm guessing the spirit of the question is regarding alcohol so in order : * cider - usually of the sweet variety from sweden ( we get kopparberg and rekorderlig in uk bars/supermarkets ) . 
  one of these days i plan to go to hereford for a cider, 
  ca n't let england pass without mentioning metal : [ black sabbath - black sabbath ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=j5yr5xhcieg ), 
  `` it 's because the previous government left us no money '' - cameron 2010-present, 
  from that title you 'd think it 's * kristallnacht * all over again, 
  man states the obvious . 
  my first instinct was to cite the power of propaganda but perhaps there is more to it than that and ordinary russians agree freely, 
  problem there is when the bail amount is pitifully low and it becomes a way of keeping the rich out of prison, 
  he does n't . 
  does n't help that the anti eu ( not eurosceptic ) press thinks that federalism means assimilation, 
  by 1918 sinkings had largely stopped thanks largely to convoys and possibly due to extra ships from the us navy . 
  rationing was still introduced in january 1918 though it was nothing like that faced in the second world war, 
  what a bell end . 
  well we in britain do n't want you back either, 
  you 're reminded that this time of year is supposed to be one of reflection for muslims although i am not sure if teens partake in ramadan, 
  a quick skim read gave me the impression that the market itself was the tourist trap so if it moved tourists would follow . 
  i 'd look into banning photography on site , it may not be so popular if you ca n't take pictures, 
  i wonder if iron maiden will make a song about it ? 
   i might be safe to say that the right is in minority in the uk . 
  sort of . 
  the far right is a minority but the ordinary right has been dominant since thatcher 's election, 
   but alas cameron made a mess of it from the start and , instead of engaging in a viable strategy that will produce results , he antagonised potential allies and ensured that juncker got the job with a larger majority than foreseen . 
  alas this part will not be mentioned here in favour of brave cameron fighting a battle to halt transfer of more powers to brussels, 
  i 'm not that bothered about going out because our commentators would often talk more about england than the game they were at . 
  too common if reddit is anything to go by . 
  between now and then there will be an election and we all know politicians will say anything to get elected, 
  you 're volunteering to get some meat ? 
  not necessary . 
  ve have meat here in die building . 
  mooo, 
  especially from a right wing rag like fox, 
  it does n't but why would we ask the french to not fly eu flags ? 
  why point out a tory mep ? 
  is n't this what farage has been doing for years, 
  nor me . 
  something we tend to forget here is just how much france contributed to the great war , more than britain for sure so ( just like in 1916 ) britain should defer to france 's wishes, 
  it 's also a triumph for education , common sense and lack of mental abuse, 
  because they were available to anyone ( who had the money ) instead of having to belong to a certain family to get in, 
  same in england ( although about england , not spain ), 
  no you wo n't farage . 
  you 'll just vote against everything assuming you bother to turn up ( it goes without saying that he claims eu money ) . 
  this man does not represent me , that 's a certainty, 
  i 'll concede the first sentence but the second still stands, 
  that few ? 
  i doubt those who can change the rules really care though . 
  just look at ids acquiescence, 
  agreed . 
  sometimes i think it 's done to make the eu pissed off enough to kick us out . 
  politicians , especially on the right , blame the eu to paper over cracks at home, 
  materiel is more than tanks though . 
  the us gave jeeps and food to the ussr, 
  i fail to see what this has to do with the black country . 
   i am curious are there any interviews with normal folks ( like in the street news reports ) where they are asked about the pros and cons of leaving the eu ? 
  people on the street being asked about the issue is pretty rare in my experience . 
  the media wank-train over ukip meant euroscepticism came to the fore . 
  the pros of the eu are not mentioned,
