  they are splitting the labour vote not the left vote . 
  left wingers do not have a major party, 
  i ca n't believe some people believe this shit . 
  especially the second one . 
  when will people learn ukip are just as spin-happy as everyone else do n't forget farage did ** fuck all ** in his last term and iirc still drew his salary, 
  * german bakery standards - especially bread * high speed rail * decentralisation as is the case in germany . 
  here london gets everything and the rest of us must bend over and take it * french secularism * norway 's weather ( the uk is too hot and dry ), 
  sorry but it would have ended up as germany and her puppet states . 
  just look at the treaty of brest-litovsk for what germany would have demanded if she won, 
  we can go back to being a mirror of / r/uk instead , 
  especially since factual truth is not easy to come by, 
  we also promised ireland home rule in 1914 which was postponed when war broke out . 
  as you may imagine those irish who wanted home rule/independence were not happy . 
  yeah , i know that but too many people in this country do n't and swallow the anti eu bias whole . 
  edit : we are not told what these laws are , merely the number and they go with `` brussels eroding british sovereignty again '' edit 2 : a lot of our press is right wing ( censorship by financial interests ) and would like nothing more than a return to victorian style work where the rich could exploit a lot of people with no comeuppance, 
  i 'd forgotten about that . 
  it 'll go unmentioned of course . 
  does make one wonder , given the recent claims that 75 % of laws come from brussels , how many of said laws actually benefit us either as a country or as common people, 
  i was trying to say that as an irish citizen you 'd have the right to live anywhere in the eu rather than suggesting anywhere, 
  you should check if you can get irish citizenship , you 're eligible if you have an irish grandparent, 
  but would n't that involve harming humans and thus in breach of asimov 's laws ? 
  it 's not hard to be entertaining when you 're a clown, 
  the west is n't much different , just not as far along as russia . 
  edit : pick a major western outlet that is neutral with regards to ukraine ? 
  western media is blocked by financial interests : only papers and channels which make money are broadcast, 
  was n't this on the front page a couple of days ago ? 
  they see chernobyl and fukushima and facts be damned . 
  fear is a great way to get people to behave how you like ( it 's a major part of all religions ), 
  indeed but i 'm hoping db will introduce some more competition and direct trains to germany and maybe the netherlands . 
  some more * london spezial * would be nice, 
  it remains our most deadly war to date too something which is shared by france, 
  agreed , propaganda is about whether the target audience believe it, 
  taking territory does not win you a war - you have to defeat either the political head or the army in the field . 
  the german army won vast swathes of russian territory but still got butchered at stalingrad . 
  the uk would have had to ship troops to french ports and then into germany via the franco-german border as per belgian neutrality which would have cost a few days which is relatively significant when the polish campaign took about 4-6 weeks to complete . 
  on top of all that the best case scenario for poland is that she is free west of brest-litovsk and the soviet union controls the east . 
  the worst case is that britain and france end up at war with the soviet union . 
  events in the pacific were largely independent of those in europe so i still think those events would have gone ahead, 
  it is always good to ask yourself `` by whom ? '', 
  with headlines of this nature . 
  in this case amnesty international warrants a closer inspection although i do have my concerns over their title, 
  it 's the torygraph which is absolutely desperate to paint the eu as an enemy of britain so i 'd take the customary pinch of salt, 
  is n't this the [ hitler 's time travel exemption act ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/hitlerstimetravelexemptionact ) trope almost verbatim, 
  of course they would , it 's the best of both words for them, 
  i heard something about it being something stronger than beer . 
  vodka rings a bell but i could be wrong . 
  from reading / r/britishproblems it seems common but i 've not come across it personally, 
  i 've never been there either but from a cursory look at the map i suspect it 's far too hot ( for context i find anything above 18 uncomfortably hot ), 
  nor me , give me winter or spring any time but surely it 's still better than a maltese summer ( never been to malta so idk for sure ), 
  weather is much nicer . 
  you can actually * do * things during our summer, 
  damn , i do n't want to read the article but maiden ... 
  that 's quite interesting . 
  i wonder how much of the remaining 30 % did not do so because there was nothing worth downloading ? 
  it 's a shame really . 
  the press hijacked the snowden stuff to shout censorship from the rooftops yet regulation predates that - the leveson inquiry was because of phone hacking . 
  only the guardian reported it together with the nsa/gchq scandal the others left well alone what i 'm trying to say is in the uk the papers are crying censorship because they want to continue shirking the responsibilities of a free press . 
  people settle their differences with children 's card games now, 
  nice of you to cite the only two exceptions . 
  profanity may be used in your circles but not in mine but then your circles believe anything the tabloids tell them, 
  you 're suggesting i read a news media that is rabidly against the eu ? 
  a media that lies so it can make more money ? 
  a media censored by financial interests ? 
  i think not . 
  also note the lack of profanity common in the adult world, 
  flooding on the thames floodplain is unexpected ? 
  no , it gets coverage because it 's in the south, 
   because it makes 80 % of my laws . 
  citation needed . 
  maybe 5 % at most . 
  but perhaps you 're not a fan of guaranteed annual leave ? 
   i have no control over it . 
  you can vote like the rest of us  it answers to no one . 
  to a degree  it is corrupt as fuck . 
  citation needed . 
  but what 's the alternative ? 
  whitehall is also corrupt you know  it prevents us from deporting criminals and terrorists . 
  no it does n't . 
  notwithstanding that the echr is not the eu it only prevents deportation where there is risk of torture . 
  captain hook could have been deported years before he was if theresa may had promptly signed the treaty with jordan but in reality she used him to attack the eu . 
  propaganda you believed . 
   it forces us to take criminals and terrorists . 
  we have the right to deny entry to anyone who is a risk to public safety . 
  see the frenchman behind the quennelle gesture . 
  unfortunately for you and teresa may criminals and terrorists do n't wear a badge advertising this . 
  most of the terrorists are home grown anyway . 
   it forces us to take 3rd world cunts who are fucking up the entire country . 
  david cameron and george osborne are british . 
  iain duncan smith is fucking over the country far more competently than any ' 3rd world cunts ' ( no part of europe is considered third world outside right wing hate sheets )  it forces us to give these people money . 
  fair enough although these people is vague  it forces everyone in my country to make 10 % less then they would . 
  it taxes them 20 % more then we would . 
  citation needed . 
  this is not something that 'll change  english people are priced out by dirt cheap shoddy labour . 
  if they 're so bad why are they hired ? 
  besides the eu let 's you move to somewhere where cost of living is lower  english people are priced out of areas by 10 migrants willing to pay 1 million in rent a year to live 10 people in a 3 bed room house that is only worth 100,000 . 
  this seems to be virtually unknown outside london . 
   i ca n't even hear english in london let alone an english accent . 
  london has always been multicultural . 
  i would like to hear more english on the streets too though  i 'm sure the is more . 
  i 'm sure there is no limit to the number of things that can be invented to incite anger and thus suppress rational thinking - it 's the media 's * raison d'\u00eatre * ( reason for being for the xenophobes ),
