not so happy now are you ? 
  the issue here is two fold , first should the gibraltarians want to get into a hostile relationship with spain ( and what concessions are they willing to give in order to avoid this ? ), 
  and secondly how many resources is gb willing to pour into it . 
  if a small island requires massive amounts of aid ( basically a ship or air bridge if spain goes straight into economic warfare mode ) because of decisions it itself made and which it can get out of if they so desire ( by stopping being a tax haven and giving into the spanish demands ) then should they ? 
  at what point does the self determinism of a population absolve the greater country ( the uk ) from having to support them ? 
  sure , it would just be very hard on them and the british would probably need to spent quite a few resources to support them . 
  a lot is possible if you are willing to suffer for it and spent the resources , the question is just , should you want to ? 
  maybe it 's something worth fighting for , maybe not but if getting rid of the tax haven status would allow them to once again enjoy a much easier border , would n't that be nice ? 
  was mostly reponding toward what happens if spain starts vetoing any trade deal , the rest is more or less a consequence of that hypothetical . 
  not stating that that is what they will do . 
  gibraltar would quickly realize that it 's hard to remain british if everything you do requires a visa , a complete border check and a few hours of waiting . 
  blocking uk companies from acting inside of europe ( or at least without special status ) would also mean that you might as well go to some island for your tax haven needs . 
  hey sherlock homes is about to leave the eu , so we do n't meme about him anymore !, 
  i agree with the idea that we should be civil , however i think this should be applied to both immigrants and natives . 
  for example wilders has a conviction against him for his `` minder minder '' speech , but i doubt we can really make him leave ( back to indonesia perhaps ? 
  no it 's the other way around , the germans just speak hill/mountain dutch . 
  in what most people would call `` hillbilly dutch '', 
  of course , a civil conversation is the only way to change people 's opinion and the only way for humanity to move forward on matters of moral , ethical and political points of view . 
  now i understand that there is a group of jews that is scared because of violence aimed at them . 
  but i also think it 's important to remember why especially islamic groups can be rather antisemitic . 
  historically islam was often somewhat tolerant of jewish compared to christianity in europe . 
  now what changed , well in part the middle east became less stable and that breeds violence but another big factor is israel itself which has created a lot of friction between jews and muslims . 
  now i think that if the goal is stopping antisemitism then israel should basically `` kill palestinian terrorism with kindness '' , by appearing kind they could make it very hard to paint them as the bad guys which is currently very easy and that is an easy in favor of antisemitic points of view ( even if it 's based on erroneous logic ) . 
  while these attacks were a terrible tragedy if we compare them with both the total jewish population in these countries or the historic violence against jews there are only very minor , as horrible as they were to the family of those killed . 
  we can also question how good of a job israel does in preventing these attacks . 
  israel is a constant source of agitation jews which may very well result in more attacks ( in part because israel itself commits quite a large number of wrongs ) and is itself the target of so many attacks that it 's less safe then nations such as the us . 
  a lot of the extra attacks on jews also happen because people keep intertwining israel and jews , israel is nation with a large number of jews but not every jew is israeli and not every israeli supports the actions of their government . 
  and by making criticism of the israeli government ( the state of israel ) into an attack on jews in general you may well be worsening the problem , after all if you can not be critical of israel without being critical of jews then does that mean all jews are responsible for all actions of the israeli government ( hint no , but that is what 's indirectly implied ) . 
  in the case of google we do indeed know that they keep these records and that they are available to the nsa . 
  ddg reroutes your search through their system so google knows the search query but not the user who made it . 
  but as is the case in all of these things you have to decide who you trust the most , the ( future ) government of whatever country your search engine is hosted it and whatever or not the engine keeps records when they say they do n't . 
  and as always there is a balance between privacy and usability , if you want you could try to construct your own engine ( crawlers and all ) and use that even if that might be a tad expensive and technically challenging . 
  one can state that you belief that jews should have a safe place to live without that place necessary having to be a jewish state . 
  for example i think we can all agree that in america protestant christians have a good life , the basic values of the country align with them and they are free to practice every part of their belief . 
  now when you say `` a jewish nation '' you can mean one like america is to these protestant christians , a welcoming home but not one that is specifically founded on their religion . 
  or you can say that you want `` a jewish nation '' like isis is an islamic nation , where a single interpretation of a specific sect of a religion is forced on everybody in that nation regardless of choice . 
  i can agree with the first but i can not agree with the second . 
  israel is currently somewhere between these two things and i hope it can be moved more to the first rather then the second . 
  i also feel like we need to be careful about the whole `` previous generations were persecuted '' thing . 
  yes it 's important that these events do not repeat themselves but that is no excuse for your own wrongdoings . 
  saying that previous generations were the victims of terrible crimes does not allow you to commit war crimes of your own as israel has done on some occasions ( yes they fight an enemy who is also fighting dirty , that 's no excuse ) . 
  what worries me is seeing the similarities in israeli politics and pre-ww2 germany where a group of people were hurt by the rest of the world and a tendency to seek refuge in military power while also making their enemies less human `` untermenschen/terrorists '' . 
  i hope that israel has learned from it 's own past and does not repeat the same mistake but it has been skirting the line for some time . 
  all of this does not mean i think that the palestinian government has been doing a great job either , both sides are using fear rhetorics and provocation to stay in power and i think the only way out is to remove both current governments from power . 
  an important distinction is however that if information does not exist companies can not be mandated to give it away . 
  this means that if they do n't keep records you will be save . 
  it 's however very hard to prove that they do not keep records . 
  saying that there can not be a majority jewish country is antisemitic , saying that the way israel is going on about it ( illegal occupation of another countries land , pretty clear discrimination and preventing vital supplies from entering another nation ) . 
  there are several important points here , there is saying that you do not belief jews can lead a country and that might be antisemitic . 
  you can say that you do not belief in a country founded on religion which would make you a secularist . 
  you can say you do not agree with a far right policy in which case you are on the left wing . 
  it all depends , if you decide to move to the countryside it 's quite easy to avoid crowds , sure you are exposing yourself to other risks ( being further from a hospital in case of the above aneurysm ) . 
  and yes this greatly effects the way you live but if you want to avoid being killed in traffic you basically have to follow the same rule , not driving anywhere , not allowing yourself to walk next to where cars are driving ( one might lose control ) ext. 
  you would be far more limited in that case . 
  now if you are in the countryside then it might not be so easy to be inside when lighting strikes , or if you like me might be on the water and need at least 50 more minutes to get back home , in that case being struck by lightning becomes unavoidable . 
  in reality you take thousands of small risks every day , when you take the stairs you take a considerable risk , if you drive somewhere you take a large risk , if you get up quickly after sleeping you take a small risk , if you eat a lot you take a long term risk . 
  all of these together . 
  if you want you can compare them by what is called a micromort , the 1 in a million chance of dying . 
  some examples : * every day the average person suffers 24 micromorts just by existing or 8800 per year . 
  * in england you suffer 15 micromorts due to homocide per year . 
  * all of europe suffered 0.2 micromorts due to terrorism per year . 
  * drinking 1/2 a litre of wine causes 1 micromort ( liver cirrhosis ) * smoking 1.4 cigarette causes 1 micromort ( cancer mostly ) * spending 1 hour in a coal mine causes 1 micromort ( black lung ) * taking a tablet of mdma causes 0.5 micromort ( if not consumed with any other drugs , mostly dehydration and other causes ) * walking 27 km ( accidents ) * driving 370 km by car . 
  in other words getting all of europe to smoke 0.28 cigarette less per year will have the same effect on number of deaths as stopping all terrorism . 
  if you want to avoid being hit by a terror attack you mostly need to avoid crowds . 
  if you want a risk you personally can not easily avoid look up brain aneurysms , they typically can only be found beforehand by medical screening and kill more then lightning and terrorism combined . 
  you can actually change the odds of both . 
  if you decide to avoid crowds and symbolic targets you can alter the odds of being hit by a terrorist attack just like you can alter the probability of being hit by lightning by avoiding open spaces . 
  if you care about things you can personally avoid then cars are the greatest example , if you want to prevent things that an individual can not prevent brain aneurysms are probably the best thing to focus on ( government sponsored screenings can help a lot ) . 
  terrorism is somewhere between the two . 
  50 000k , if we assume an average of 100 km/h that 's 500 hours of driver or 21 days of solid driver or just over 5 % of his live . 
  about 360 people were injured . 
  i do not have the data on how many of them were maimed for live but these were all people that received a significant amount of medical care after an attack ( more then just a band aid and a meeting with a psychologist ) . 
  if terrorism became 10 times as dangerous it would still be less of a risk then being killed by lightning ( 2800 per year in europe and about 10 times that injured ) . 
  i think we need to invest in mobile lighting rods that follow people around after all this problem is 10 times as big as terrorism and see what we give up for that !, 
  that oil provides some leverage but on a geopolitical level i think it 's also very much the fact that europe does n't want russia to crash and burn , can you imagine the refugees that would create ? 
  so we get sanctions that try to force russia to change without completely crashing it . 
  and this time we invested in bicycle locks !, 
  there is nothing euro-defense will give you that would come close to exceeding the value that nato brings those who properly commit to the responsibility article5 entails . 
  euro-defense entails harmonising foreign policy , that is a recipe for not ever doing anything from the point of view of a nation used to and comfortable with an activist foreign policy . 
  well the big thing is that countries are part of nato shall we ? 
  mostly europe + us+c anada ( + leftovers ) . 
  now a lot of eu countries are basically to small to have much of an effective army , after all do you fear the luxembourgian army ? 
  ( that sounds like something out of monty python ) . 
  and the eu has quite a large number of such armies by having these work together we can still project a force that can if the member agree act as a very formidable army . 
  now it 's also fine if some of the larger countries keep an army for themselves , after all the uk does actually follow it 's 2 % nato duties but a lot of eu countries currently do not . 
  by investing in a centralize army we might be able to get the same defense from say a 1.5 % army . 
  but so far most of the plans aimed at an eu army have mostly focused on the french , dutch , germans , belgians as they have so far mostly been wanting to do this . 
  so far nothing in terms of a european army have passed yet and we are mostly having individual countries making deals with each other to share military resources during operations . 
   no , they are not . 
  let me repeat ; there is no necessary linkage between trade and fiscal/political integration . 
  there is a linkage to the latter with monetary union , the lack of which is cause in large part to the dysfunction of the eurozone . 
  a shared coin is strongly linked to trade ( duh ) , that 's an important monetary policy , fiscally it 's important for trade to have certain agreements , lack of tariffs make for a great one . 
  but there are also many small taxes that can break a free trade . 
  for example if it 's possible to freely travel with a certain good but it 's taxed heavily in country a and untaxed in country b you will quickly see people buying the product in country b and then importing it into country a. 
  also once you have a united coin you are going to need a lot more further integration . 
   is this ` united ' europe a future ideal where germans and greeks have opted for a common destiny , including common regulation and taxation ? 
  because , we are a million miles away from that pipe-dream right now . 
  we are far off yet not that far . 
  i can go to any other eu country and probably have some rough idea about most of the laws , slowly one regulation or regulation at a time is being unified and the pipe dream becomes a bit more real . 
  sure will probably remain a bit more disunited that the us for quite a while but eventually we will probably get there .
