  i think it 's a consequence of free trade that product parts are unified . 
  for example having a standard quality standard for fruits and vegetables ( the whole banana story during brexit ) . 
  but having a single quality standard means that if someone in iceland produces a banana and states that it 's quality a + then someone in greece can buy it and know what he will get ( a good banana ) . 
  while if everybody is allowed to set their own quality standards for bananas then a supermarket importer has to learn 28 standards per fruit . 
  that 's inefficient . 
  same for many mechanical properties making sure that connector a fits into slot b regardless if the product is made in germany or in spain helps endless inefficiencies . 
  in short setting industry standards is not a bad idea . 
  it helps ensure that the trade can actually flow and helps the economy grow . 
  also do n't forget these are regulations the uk will continue to have to obey simply because the us and eu are converging on them rather quickly . 
  meaning that the uk will be sort of left out if they do n't follow them . 
  now the other things having a defense for europe has it 's advantages , we can not always rely on america for our defense ( trump will rule it the next 4 years for example ) and it would be pretty bad if in that time for example russia decided to expand a bit and take a part of europe . 
  it also works to our advantage in terms of counter terrorism if we actually share data . 
  a shared defense also makes war very unlikely which was the main reason the eu was created ( and it worked so far ) . 
  monetary and fiscal policies are very strongly related with trade , the euro makes free trade within the eu much easier ( otherwise there is an extra 1 % tax because you have to trade currencies ) . 
  now this does create the scenario where having some sort of regulations are needed to prevent say the greeks from crashing their government that as doing so will now harm other nations too . 
  under the free trade it 's also a good idea to try and limit protectionism and tax havens as they reduce everybody 's tax income in the end . 
  having a united foreign policy is also much stronger . 
  china can pretty easily ignore the uk for example , or germany but a threat from europe as a whole and you have a diplomatic threat from a true superpower . 
  because that 's what a united europe represents a superpower more powerful then the us . 
  i like to think there is a world after trump these sort of processes are like glaciers and do n't easily change direction . 
  additionally the uk will need more then 2 years to leave ( they plan on triggering art 50 somewhere next year ) , then the first few months not will happen at which point america will be focused on it who will be the new president . 
  so the entire brexit thing will probably be in the hand of the president after trump . 
  you would be surprised where a lot of the regulatory convergence is negotiated ( hint it 's between industry experts who meet somewhere near brussels so they quickly pass on their result , my dad sometimes helps out with these ) . 
  a lot of this is not actually agreement as someone saying `` gee we should try unifying regulations on x '' and then invites some industry experts . 
  typically the end result is n't even law but `` latest industrial standards '' ( for example in medical devices in the eu something has to conform to the latest industrial standards without specifying what they are ) . 
  this convergence will continue without government input at this point ( unless the government fights it ) . 
  the uk by locking itself out is basically giving up any influence they still had over this process and will not just have to go along with the ride . 
  but let 's assume it 's mostly governments making these laws . 
  what would a eu-us agreement need the uk to agree on anything ? 
  you can simply agree and trade with the rest or not and put yourself in isolation , your choice but your industry will try to murder you if you do n't agree with whatever eu-us deals are made as otherwise they wo n't be able to export . 
  also guys i see a lot of you downvoting / u/jedibeeftrix , do n't we are having a civil discussion even if we do n't agree . 
  ok let 's look at what 's realistically going to happen without the uk in the eu . 
  first of all we will probably see a the currently ongoing unification the the eu and us markets , even if the negotiations are currently struggling eventually the laws will be unified ( even without the trade deal civil servants are still working hard to create uniform regulations ) . 
  so the uk has to conform with the eu law if it wants to export to the us germany netherlands ( probably switzerland ) and france which are it 's top 5 export partners . 
  in total the us - eu market right now makes up about 66 % of the uk 's export market . 
  and if you are going to sign that deal you might want to look up how complicated that little deal is including describing what ukraine has to do with the enviroment , setting financial rules , references into detailed production procedures , just fun fun look through it , the basic outline is over here http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2016/november/tradoc_155103.pdf it contains some references to other files that also describe other inner eu stuff . 
  basically it 's all the little rules that the uk wanted an out of without any of the real benefits of being an eu country ( except easier export i guess ) . 
  and ukraine basically had a revolution because they wanted to join us that 's somewhat endearing you guys just voted to get rid of us after years of constantly being cynical and trying to be the exception . 
  that means a lot of eu population does n't really see the need to offer you guys that good of a deal . 
  after all the uk is about to lose access to 66 % of it 's export market the eu of about 2 % . 
  when you still hard your colonies and most of europe was n't united . 
  the uk will have to follow a lot of eu policies if it wants to keep on trading as otherwise they will not be able to export stuff . 
  the problem is becoming multi fold , 1 the media is no longer nearly as diverse as you think . 
  a shrinking number of media companies is owning an increasingly large market share ( often by different brands but with the same owners ) . 
  this prevents a lot of self purification . 
  ( loss of media diversity ) 2 people believing and sharing false news causing more people to join their cause and be more open to other false news ( effects of group thinking and bubbling ) . 
  3 the importance of being the first with a news article and need for speedy media , see how on reddit the first article to get posted on a topic usually gets most of the attention ? 
  that encourages sloppy research and assumptions rather then thorough research . 
   that is a pretty harsh rejection of like all political philosophy . 
  let me put it this way . 
  everyone , including government and courts , can be corrupted , yet we have laws against stealing . 
  strangely enough , almost noboy gets outraged about this nor calls to abolish these laws because `` what if the government is corrupt ?!?! '' . 
  you see where i am going with this . 
  the issue is that we should assume that anyone or any political organ can be corrupted and that the system should be able to recover from this situation and restore itself . 
  making someone the arbitrator of truth makes this hard . 
  ideally for example the system is such that a corrupt government is revealed to be corrupt by the media at which point they can be voted out . 
  by involving a large group of individuals outside of the government top in the elections we then hope to stop them from screwing with the elections so they can then be replaced within a few years . 
  if these people also have the ability to decide on truth in the media they can block this and remain in power making this scenario far more likely ( less risk ) and dangerous ( longer duration less opposition ) . 
   i do n't think you are getting me . 
  votes in reddit are not designed for promoting factuality . 
  even if they were , it would be a shitty system because factuality has nothing to do with what the majority believes . 
  i was mostly just making up suggestions in a few minutes and i think if you bring together a team of experts you can probably come up with a lot of alternatives but i think it 's worth testing if something like this works on say / r/news or / r/worldnews just to see what effects it could have ( just using past data , not necessary running live ) . 
   it 's not hurting them at all imho . 
  people eat that shit up . 
  if nothing else , promoting fake news can make companies more successful , see : breitbart . 
  breitbart seems to be a `` news hosting company '' where as reddit , facebook and google are more news aggregators . 
  this is i think an important distinction as breitbart benefits a lot more from controversy surrounding it then many of the aggregators do . 
  for example look what happens each time reddit is surrounding with controversy , a lot of users start their own site or start joining existing alternatives . 
  right now most of these alternatives are still quite small and not a real threat each controversy brings grows them and brings risk of the eventual end of reddit . 
   do you think that is possible ? 
  it sounds impossible . 
  or rather , it has been demonstrably proven to be impossible . 
  we saw what the `` market '' does with news . 
  i think that it 's impossible to get a perfect system but we can design a system that is somewhat more robust then what we currently have in place in many situations . 
   this still is a collective approach , like it depends on consensus . 
  truth has nothing to do with consensus . 
  we are looking for a problem that is fundamentally unsolvable , we can appoint a person or group of persons to decide the truth but they may be corrupted , so that is no option , current solutions seem to spawn an ever increasing amount of false news so that does n't work either . 
  now we can try to use truth by ( maybe weighted ) consensus based on an algorithmic approach , this does indeed not always lead to a truth but hopefully if will bring us more truth then what we currently have . 
  also notice how often on reddit the top comment is one pointing out why the article is wrong/misleading ? 
  in this case it would penalize the article , and any article upvoted/liked by those who upvoted the article . 
   this is not really relevant to objectivity . 
  i can open the article , read it , and still lie . 
  or just be a dumbass and make a dumb comment ( as i do sometimes ) even if i read it all . 
  these systems are not perfect they work by little indicators in this case i would bet that there is a positive correlation between reading both the comments and article ( esp if there is a reasonable interval between opening the article and voting ) and how well informed you are on the topic and if the article is actually correct . 
  basically if you are a scroll by voter you are currently influencing the reddit algorithms massively where as carefully doing your research before voting has little impact on the result ( because maybe 1 vote per 15 minutes vs as much as 30 votes per minute ) . 
   i was more concerned with what the government could do , in order to be balanced . 
  reddit and facebook do n't give a shit because they are businesses and businesses exist to make money , so expecting a solution from them is wishful thinking . 
  governments might be willing to lend aid to companies that want to become more truthful and finance research in that direction . 
  and do n't underestimate the fact that for many companies it 's actually hurting them to share false news , for example facebook and google loose a lot of trust as sources of news which means that better educated ( richer !, 
  worth more to advertisers ) might avoid them as sources of their news . 
  and yes i 'm aware of the boston marathon , ' t was a sad tale . 
  pizzagate has been met with a lot of skepticism and i doubt it really ever got consensus on any big social media so a lot of these techniques may have worked against this . 
  that 's going to be the hard question . 
  what we want is to have an objective truth without an arbitrator of truth because an arbitrator of truth can so easily become a dictator of truth . 
  the solution of this problem will probably depend heavily on a case to case basis and may well be very complex in some cases . 
  for example in the case of social media such as reddit or facebook the operators themselves may not want to spread lies but yet may still spread lies based on the what their uses share . 
  one possibility in these cases is to mark articles that you later found out were fake ( maybe automate via report button ? ), 
  and then use a kind of reverse collaborative filtering to detect other now rising fake articles and give them some kind of algorithmic penalty . 
  however if it 's based on some kind of report function then that is of course to some degree open to abuse and may still be used to silence certain opinions/facts by certain parties ( say mcdonald does n't want you to learn about how their burgers are made for some reason and tries to kill any thing related to that until the algorithm has not only silenced the article but anybody who interacted with the article as well and any article related to those people ) . 
  or in other social media we could weight the votes of somebody who has n't opened the article or the comments less ( looking at you reddit ) .
