  having a media create a false world is indeed a bit orwellian . 
  on the other hand a ministry of truth decided what will be the truth that media is going to report is very orwellian . 
  a balance is probably best . 
  thanks !, 
  [ found it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/55rzws/16_isis_fighters_are_killed_when_faulty_suicide/d8d9y9j/?st=iwxkl3jy&amp;sh=5685ed21 ), 
  just a question but why do i have you tagged as wearing a suicide vest for protection ? 
  muh dutch water works ( the dutch water governing body is the oldest still functioning democratic system ) . 
  i count 24 for the next election actually ( although that includes the `` party of non voters '' who promise to never take a stance , never make a compromise , never vote on anything and be 100 % true to their election promises ) . 
  to be fair money does n't protect you against a bullet to the head and only somewhat against starvation and diseases in a camp , so if you have the money to get out of a camp would n't you try to get to europe ? 
  and of course if you have money than it 's also more likely that you have grown up expecting certain luxuries . 
  if you want to make it `` fair '' we can start retrieving people from the camps and accepting them as refugees in europe . 
  but do be sure it 's not an issue with for example translators . 
  in the netherlands one immigrant/politician got into trouble when it turned out she had `` lied '' about her last name . 
  the problem being that she had instead given her grandmothers name . 
  this sort of thing typically arises when last name is translated into `` family name '' because in arabic culture people are often also given their grandparents names as an extra name . 
  so be sure a person lied with malicious intent and that it 's not a problem in translation or problematic documentation . 
  well it 's only been up for about 1 hour . 
  also this far there does not appear to be an english source for this making it harder to discuss ( and to be honest less likely to be true ) . 
  the netherlands were part of the roman empire up to the rhyne , the romans were repelled north of the rhyne so they placed their border on the most defensible location . 
  alternative it might also be the other way around with frijaz which is believed to have meant `` from our own clan '' . 
  this word then turned into vri and later free . 
  that would suggest that at some points the frisian word for themselves became the dutch and later english word for the state of being free . 
  i guess that 's the reason they always want to maintain a degree of independence . 
  pff soon we will rule more then 70 % of the earths surface !, 
  there wo n't be much room to emigrate to !, 
  perhaps an exception could be made for posting comments in this thread ? 
  i see you put down some arrows showing where the netherlands are going to expand to next . 
  we will rule the seas from behind our dykes !, 
  this should probably on a per capita basis , i do n't think it 's fair to compare say germany with the netherlands on a per company basis . 
  / r/mapswithouticeland /, 
  they will organize the security for free !, 
  hitler was only partially elected when he commited a coup but he never got more then 37 % of the votes . 
  i guess the big question then is if poland was a puppet nation and not responsible for actions then is post war germany also a different nation then it is during ww2 and even the post war period ( ww2 germany =  east + west germany =  modern germany ) . 
  you just need to join them in that little square at the top left of the map . 
  the problem is that most religions use metaphors and sometimes contradict . 
  this is compounded by the way that certain religious parts have been translated and that in some situations religious laws might conflict even if they are not normally contradictory . 
  a final problem is that many religions also contains ways to prosper that are obviously advices on how to live in a certain culture . 
  mixing fabrics might have been problematic in the ancient middle east but nowadays most forgo that restriction . 
  or recipes in the bible for animals that are now endangered . 
  for example a ton of christians have decided to forgo stoning people does that make them bad christians ? 
  or does `` turn the other cheek '' and `` love thy neighbor '' overrule the capital punishment onces ? 
  nor does it make the more fundamentalists right in the eyes of the more liberal onces , everybody beliefs their religion to be right and the others to be at least some degree of wrong . 
   invest in border defence , its not our duty solve their problems . 
  because the world is better off with isis in it ? 
   so they can have even more children ? 
  and then they will have new conflicts ( more people always leads to more conflicts , not less . 
  and we are talking about africa , which is largely tribal ) , and we `` have to take poor refugees '' ? 
  and we wont even have a defence since we spent those money on them ?!, 
  how is it being upvoted , dont you people use your brain at all and think with your `` feels '' ?!, 
  you do n't limit a population by the occasional famine , rather you limit a population by ( see the last paragraph ) making sure that their government takes care of the elderly , reducing child mortality and providing education to women . 
  after all which continent has a faster population growth ? 
  europe with all of those things or africa without ? 
  famine mostly causes people to become desperate and turn to violence or migration to solve their problems . 
  how much are you planning to invest in border security when people have to choose between death or trying to get in ? 
  sure you do n't have to cut your defenses entirely but a lot of money is now being spend on isis and securing the mediterranean and dealing with terrorist threads all of which can at least partially be traced back to droughts and famine ( the circumstances are the powder keg and religion is the spark ) . 
  so you can spend the money you will save in the future on those problems . 
  what you wish to do with other military problems is a different matter entirely . 
  if we want to stop that from happening then we should start intervening much earlier , climate models predicted a drought in much of africa about 10 years ago , since 2011 there has been a growing drought and last year there were clear warnings that he harvests were about to fail , this is now causing a famine and more and more people are turning to violence or are fleeing the area . 
  we had a chance to stop this at any point between 2007 and present day yet we chose to wait until the refugees are already at our border and the situation is beyond salvaging rather then helping at any earlier point . 
  syria was in part a similar story . 
  remember every refugee has a homeland and a conflict which has a cause , often that cause was already identified a decade in advance and we simply ignored it . 
  very often that cause ( or at least part of it ) is a failed harvest . 
  so i propose that rather then increasing our defense spending we set up a large international fund that aims to prevent harvest failure and when it does fail guides the process such that the people do n't go hungry yet the farmers do n't go bankrupt either . 
  this would be a many billions per year organization but it would solve so many conflicts long before they can happen . 
  and if you are worried about birth rates in those regions remember that stabilizing them will cause these birthrates to drop , in fact the most important factors in looking at birth rates are child mortality and elderly care , if few children die and the elderly are well taken care of even if they are childless then birth rates tend to quickly settle to slightly above 1 per person . 
  if women also have access to high education and good careers it often settles at somewhere less then 1 . 
  i wonder if it is the abstinence that causes frustration or that the abstinence is used as a cover for not getting married and that thus attracts people who have no interest in heterosexual-adult relations ( gay , pedo , asexual or whatever other option ) . 
  now with a more open society someone with no interest in such a relation can more easily pose as say asexual but in the past a pedophile could either join the church , enter a sham marriage of face some though questions . 
  the woman who said `` upsy-daisy , let 's go '' had repeatably stated she wanted to die before she was lost her ability to speak normally . 
  legally in order to kill someone with dementia they have to approve before or shortly after the diagnosis while they are still fully capable . 
  then they have to repeatedly continue to give consent as the disease progresses until the moment of the actual euthanasia . 
  also worth noting is that the doctors who said they felt pressured by family to end it typically do n't give into it and most of the cases where they are actually pressured the elderly is already dying . 
  lastly note that this mostly comes from the sgp which is the only party in the netherlands that still has some problems with universal suffrage ( women ... ) ( well maybe denk also has a problem with that at least if their commercials are to be believed ... ) . 
  if she is that good i 'm sure the french , germans , dutch and belgians will probably welcome her . 
  in other words if your country does not value academics any more move to a country that does !, 
  i think the important thing is not to save money when things are going bad but as you say to pay them back when things are going great . 
  austerity in times of boom and spending in times of bust . 
  i do believe the correct way of expressing european budgets is in cotton candy . 
  what if there is a legitimate reason you can not hold a job though ? 
  say medical ? 
  do you have a solution for those cases ? 
  [ i give to you the historic french flag ] ( https://busterlafrance.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/royal-france.png ), 
  oh and if any tourists wants to go anywhere near there do n't take a car , just do n't you wo n't be moving anywhere . 
  well cyclist still break a lot of rules , they do n't need a licence . 
  however an important step is making sure the traffic is designed to accommodate cyclists . 
  for example a common reason cyclists start running red lights is because a green light is not any safer . 
  if we have a 4 way crossing where one side of the 4 has a green light and a bicycle lane on the right side of the road then either the cyclists need their own light or they are safer of running the red lights and waiting on the green once . 
  this is because a car turning right will run into the cyclists if they have a green light at the same time . 
  cyclists will also often go the wrong way but that is just because they can ( should be able to , make the lanes wide enough ) avoid hitting other cyclists and the traffic can easily be made to accommodate two way traffic . 
  another interesting step to encourage cyclist safety in the netherlands is that if a car hits a cyclist it 's by default assumed to be his fault unless he can prove otherwise . 
  i know someone who was cycling drunk and hit the back of a car waiting for a red light . 
  the driver still ended up paying for the cyclists damaged wheel ( did n't want to fight it because that would take to much time ) . 
  this also helps against things like motorists blocking the lanes because if a cyclists accidentally hits one of these vehicles it 's often at least partially the motorists fault even if he parked there ( in other words park incorrectly and you risk losing your mirrors ) . 
  you build the roads first that is what we did in the netherlands once everybody realized there was no way we could move everybody by car without a massive gridlock . 
  people think we the dutch have some long standing tradition with cycling but in reality it 's mostly something that developed in the 60-70 and stayed with us for about 50 years now and it was a very conscience effort by our government to promote cycling . 
  for anyone wondering i the dutch road is the [ michiel de ruyterweg in delft ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@52.0039052,4.3707428,3a,75y,344.28h,92.06t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sf-xfetljh9ljjcrkelqybw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) . 
  in the morning that road can carry several cyclists per second by the way . 
  but kids sometimes want to wear masks , it 's fun !, 
  ( let 's make sure that whatever law comes from this has sane exceptions like halloween ) . 
  both attackers were sunni muslims , iran is basically a shia theocracy , somehow this seems unlikely .
