or icelandic . 
  * looks away *, 
  what about dublin 's dart and luas ? 
  it must not be real transport . 
  go to a store . 
  buy potatoes . 
  boil potatoes . 
  eat potatoes . 
  about the hijab , the quran does not state anywhere that one must wear it . 
  yes , some countries force it on women , and that is unequal because men are not forced to wear anything , but since ( most of ) europe is a free society , is n't it great and not even better that she has chosen to wear the hijab ? 
  i have met many muslim women who wear it and do not wear it . 
  hopefully the number of people in poverty will soon go down to 0 . 
  who says they have n't got them ? 
  northern ireland is different from southern ireland and it 's a part of another country . 
  do n't blame us , we allove the poles ( around 250.000 . 
  -- 300.000 here ) and there are quite a few germans as well . 
  even if you do n't come , you 're always welcome . 
  can anyone eli5 what this ttip is ? 
  ah , sarcasm hits again . 
  if they joined nato , and russia attack them then all of nato are obligated to defend . 
  not the smartest move russia , this will probably push sweden to even more likely join nato . 
  i thought they were afghani ? 
  to be fair to us , we are taking in approximately 1 in 920 of our residence total , whereas the likes of france and the uk are only taking in 1 in 3200 ( estimates , not exact figure ) . 
  maybe they should 've looked at a map before coming here . 
  wait . 
  sweden . 
  warm ?!!!, 
  what madness is this !, 
  of course you forget ireland . 
  everyone forgets ireland . 
  malta also speaks english as an offcial language , do n't forget these maltese ( rs ) !, 
  i remember reading recently that only 46 % or so actually paid it . 
  indeed they are . 
  ah i 'm in ireland , sadly not here . 
  maybe i 'll watch it on the uk channel , please keep me posted !, 
   we could take in about 30-45 ,000 that would be nearly 1 % of our entire population . 
  maybe the near future was 2015 when it was first pitched ? 
   entire northern hemisphere into glass . 
  let 's move to australia everyone !, 
  may i ask for a source on this ? 
  would love to see what countries it is . 
  thank goodness . 
  i hope for more places like this to open in sweden , ireland and the rest of the world . 
  edit : rest not west, 
  please do n't stereotype please , many young un 's here love the fake spray tan, 
  i think we should turn back those who have these repressive views about people leaving islam , rights of lgbt , women , etc to a place that will accept them . 
  there is no place for hate in europe 's society . 
  it may be free speech but we have a right off free speech just to condone . 
  everyone has a right to believe what they believe , however a majority of europeans do n't have these views and we should n't have to adapt to the way these migrants , predominately muslim want to live . 
  they shpuld adapt to the ways of our people , our language , our culture , our views . 
  this is n't the middle east where in most if not all countries lgbt people are oppressed . 
  remember , you migrated to europe because of a war in your own nation . 
  it was unsafe for you . 
  we want to keep europe the safest refion on this planet , there is no place for your radical views here . 
  this is n't my view on all migrants of course , just the radicalized ones . 
  if people have the views that can be a threat to european society , please do not let them in . 
  you may claim this is repressive and claim it is islamophobia , but the same thing happens against christians in your country . 
  i am all for no islamophobia , christianophonia , anti-semitism or anything but we need to realize that the world has changed a lot . 
  your country may be different to ours but if you move to our country you adapt to us . 
  as they say , `` you have to try to fit in to the culture '' when one goes abroad . 
  i know migrants are escaping from terror , but still . 
  the majority of ( western ) europe probably has different views than yours . 
  herein is the difficult part . 
  while we all have claims to free speech and freedom of expression as such , is it safe to allow free speech or free expression that could harm someone ? 
   peas * piss *, 
   turkey , a nato member , is according to babi\u0161 huge country . 
  ehm , turkey is a big country , not just according to him . 
  searches for ireland not there success . 
  although our population only went up by 20 thousand or so in 4 years . 
  bray is n't relevant except for katie taylor . 
  i thought it was louth ? 
  we 're one of the few western european nations to not be majorly hit by the recent immigrant crisis . 
  a louth woman won the rose of tralee , making it the first time since 2008 a country-representative has won the title . 
  we 've never seen 30 this year :( . 
  they actually bet greece i think , which is a good feat , even if greece 's team is getting worse . 
  you forgot todoroslava / s, 
  how can it be technically 300 times bigger ? 
  i think we need to make leitrim into a forest now . 
  nice castle , nice vibe with many bars and shops . 
  cathedrals too are amazing . 
  bosnia have won eurovision 2016 !, 
  believe me when i say there is a huge difference between my accent , there are accents in the uk which are similar to the irish one , but the most internationally known british accent sounds nothing like most irish people 's accents . 
  if you come to ireland make sure to bring us some snickers, 
  how about , `` he who shall not be named '' or `` the dark lord '' ? 
  we would have not just brazilian portuguese but australian portuguese !, 
  * goes into self-explosive rage *, 
  the uk . 
  i was going to hospital in germany once and they said we were british :| . 
  hey , great idea !, 
  i just wanted to inform you that on my iphone , when i click `` go to '' there are no options of where to go . 
  i am not sure if this is the same for desktop yet but just thought i 'd tell you . 
  if u.n. forces observed it with the same turnout would people think of it as legitimate ? 
  to be fair , i see many people judging all of russia as just putin which is n't entirely fair either . 
   and remember that the us has n't started moving military into ukraine , if this is specifically over `` should nato members be militarily-engaging russia over the russian invasion of ukraine ? '', 
  while not moving its own military it recently was announced that the u.s. would be training regular military troops in ukraine later in 2015 . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/24/us-ukraine-crisis-usa-iduskcn0py28a20150724 ) ), 
  it 's amazing that nearly 2 % ( or 90.000 people ) in ireland speak russian despite the fact that in the 2011 census only 22k people knew russian . 
   abortion here is also illegal here . 
  to be fair , it is not completely illegal , it can be used as a medical prevention to save the life of the mother . 
  although , i still support abortion it is n't entirely illegal in ireland , which some people paint it out to me .
