  not saying that your countries have n't done great things , but ireland has done a lot this year , remaining relatively safe , legalising ssm and more rights for children , transgender and further separation of church and state in regards to education being heavily discussed . 
  also , to be fair , we are beautiful now lads ' . 
  i 'm thinking of returning too xd, 
  more like reddit is the second place for irish people , there is no way boards is less popular than reddit here , but reddit is gaining ground . 
   floods hope they are listening to teresa !, 
  no , it 's not , but if this man was extradited , due to terror charges , it would have been entirely possible for him to be sent there . 
  it 's not about luxuries , it 's about treating them as humans , something that is not that common in us prisons ( i.e. 
  ireland did it , so can you . 
  both . 
   too bad irish judge did n't extradite him to us the first time to be fair , your prisons are horrible . 
  ours are n't great either , but they 're miles better than the us ' . 
  his crime is horrible but i agree with the judge not to extradite him to the us , where he could be treated inhumanely . 
  the maximum sentence for rape in the uk is life . 
  unfortunately yes :(, 
  technically only 49.5 % voted for the akp . 
  i was thinking it meant kill enda kenny , i was wrong !, 
  jobs ? 
  other family living tere ( around 700k people in ireland were british in the 2011 census ) . 
  also , many irish like the sense of adventure , and since we are an english speaking nation , it is likely that we would go to the anglophone commonwealth nations + the u.s.a. . 
  also to add on that their ongoing `` conflict '' as such with cyprus , not recognising an eu member as a sovereign state would probably be high on the list as well . 
  soon the citizens in every nation that is in fifa will be paying a fifa tax . 
  oh , did n't know that . 
  thanks for informing me !, 
  what shows for ireland is `` is ireland v wales on the tv '' . 
  no , it was on the tv . 
  not anymore . 
  hi , very interesting read !, 
  hope you enjoy your time in belarus , and this has changed some of my views on the country . 
  i was wondering are most people open to other races or are they racist ? 
  i recall maimina ( a black woman ) represented belarus in eurovision this year , did the people of belarus mind this or did they not care ? 
  i do n't think the member would invoke the charter against it then , although nato might get involved . 
  yes . 
  for the ballot that irish people vote on fortheir td 's it is law that 30 % of each party 's nominated members be women . 
  i did not mean 30 % of seats in parliament . 
  same , but that will not happen anytime soon ... 
  they have to have a certain percentage of women to be able to stand election or something . 
  it 's common here too , i wish our government would impose quotas for a certain amount of male teachers in ireland like they did for women in politics . 
  personally i wish that gender did not have to do with hiring a job but they ca n't have these things only for one gender and not the other . 
  them south koreans have better music videos then the rest of the world combined !, 
  he 's actually pakistani xd . 
  both the best irish music video and the funniest is father ted crilley and father dougal mcguire - `` my lovely horse '' it was robbed in eurovision so it was !, 
  no they 're still counting in some states . 
  nope , its a minority government + independents situation . 
  8 days 23 hours, 
  i may be wrong here , so please correct me , but i thought the main reason they allowed romanians to have visa free travel was that romania would veto ceta if they did n't get it . 
  the eu probably pushed it too , but i believe what i said above was the main reason . 
  again , i 'm probably wrong . 
  personally , i 'm not against free trade , as long as it does not undermine our workers , or give too much power to corporations to sue countries in order to get them to change their regulations . 
  especially the homosexuality one . 
  australia ? 
  yes , i 'll gladly accept them !, 
  eighth amendment : intended to entrench the statutory prohibition of abortion at a constitutional level . 
  ( 1983 , passed , 66.9 ) twelfth amendment : proposed to partially reverse the 1992 supreme court judgment in the x case , which allowed abortion where a pregnancy is life-threatening , by excluding risk of suicide as permissible grounds . 
  ( 1992 , failed , 34.6 ) thirteenth amendment : specified that the prohibition of abortion would not limit freedom of travel in and out of the state . 
  ( 1992 , passed , 62.4 ) fourteenth amendment : specified that the prohibition of abortion would not limit the right to distribute information about abortion services in foreign countries . 
  ( 1992 , passed , 59.9 ) twentyfifth amendment : this was a second attempt to strengthen the constitutional ban on abortion and to prevent risk of suicide being invoked as grounds for an abortion . 
  ( 2002 , failed , 49.6 ) to cover some things , the year is the year in which the referendum was held , if it failed , it obviously means that the referendum failed , and the number is the percentage of people who voted that voted for it to pass . 
  you may not know what the x case is , so to briefly explain , in 1992 , a supreme court ruling ruled that established the right of irish women to have an abortion if a pregnant woman 's life was at risk because of pregnancy , including the risk of suicide . 
  this came about due to a fourteen-year-old girl , who was the victim of rape , being denied an abortion , who wanted to travel to britain to get an abortion . 
  the family asked the police if dna from the aborted foetus would be able to be given as evidence in the court against the neighbour . 
  however , the attorney general sought an injunction under the part of the constitution that outlaws abortion , to prevent her from having the procedure carried out . 
  i agree and i 'm totally pro-choice . 
  i was merely pointing out that it is not illegal to travel abroad to get an abortion , since decktheballz said it was . 
  misinformation , no matter how little , about the issue , can make many people believe something that is n't true . 
  we have had , to my knowledge , five referendums on the matter of abortion . 
  no referendum thus far has proposed for the legality of abortion . 
  if the eighth amendment is repealed by referendum , then it is up to the government to bring in legislation for which cases it would be allowed in , which , at this moment , is unclear what legislation would be brought should the eighth be repealed . 
  women do n't go to jail for going abroad to have an abortion . 
  the thirteenth amendment specifies that the prohibition of abortion does not limit the freedom of pregnant women to get an abortion out of the state and the fourteenth amendment specifies that the prohibition of abortion does n't limit the right to distribute information about abortion services in foreign countries . 
   a commissioner with the law reform commission has said that the intentional shaming of somebody should be punishable , where it involves the distribution of images without consent , with a maximum sentence of seven years in prison and/or fines . 
   professor donncha o\u2019connell was speaking after the lrc issued proposals to bring about new legislation to deal with cyber crime and the posting of online images without consent . 
   the proposals would see two new criminal offences enacted to deal with voyeurism and so-called `` revenge porn '' . 
   the commission is also proposing reform to the existing offences of sending threatening messages and of harassment . 
   under the reform , the offences would be extended to include the posting of fake social media profiles . 
   professor o ' connell described the new proposals as `` very balanced '' and `` not an attempt to police the internet '' . 
   speaking on rt\u00c9 's today with sean o'rourke the commissioner said that the proposals to introduce a digital commissioner are based on a model in australia and will attempt to develop a compliance culture that is both practical and meaningful . 
   professor o'connell said the commission would need to have statutory powers and the office would have to be resourced if it was to operate properly . 
   the lrc engaged with digital providers during the proposal process . 
   professor o'connell said that the providers engaged seriously with the commission and the commission is hoping they will engage seriously with the proposals in the report . 
   he said that these proposals would not be difficult to pass through the houses of the oireachtas . 
  also speaking on today with sean o ' rourke a victim of so-called `` revenge porn '' welcomed the proposals saying that the phrasing seemed to cover everything . 
   jane said that she did not feel a seven year sentence for perpetrators of cyber crimes was long enough , based on the long-term psychological damage caused to victims such as herself . 
   women 's aid director margaret martin said she is very concerned about the issue of `` revenge porn '' , adding that her organisation has received reports of it , particularly from younger women . 
   she said there needs to be an effective remedy and welcomed the plan for a digital commissioner . 
   speaking on rt\u00c9 's six one news , ms martin said : `` i think one of the good things about this publication ( the lrc report ) is that there is going to be a commissioner . 
   `` my initial response to this is that it seems to be very well thought out legislation ... 
  i think it 's really good to see this initiative to see how this will progress . '', 
   she said `` revenge porn '' is a serious invasion of a woman 's privacy and has a profound effect on women in terms of their confidence . 
  the proposals were also welcomed by barrister and cyber crime expert , pauline walley . 
   speaking on rt\u00c9 's morning ireland ms walley said the recommendation of a digital commissioner is significant . 
   very often , she said , service providers are reluctant to get involved and take down harmful material . 
   however she said victims should not have to go to lawyers or court at all and that there `` should be a clear take down trail . '', 
   meanwhile , the government chief whip has said that social media giants need to `` step up to the plate '' and be far more serious about defending those who are abused on social media . 
   regina doherty said they should be moderating and policing their own platforms . 
   she said that she , personally , had noticed that twitter has improved over the last number of months . 
   also speaking on rt\u00c9 's morning ireland ms doherty said social media platforms such as snapchat , facebook and twitter should be `` moderating and policing their own platform '' . 
  i would believe that irish would not be counted as a foreign language there , although i ca n't be certain . 
  a lot of people would just do english or irish , therefore they would only be learning one `` foreign language '' , not two . 
  people can get an exemption if they a ) received primary education up to 11 years in a country other than ireland , b ) have learning difficulties as well as c ) not speaking english , although the authority to grant an exemption is up to school management . 
  this article has a list http://www.citizensinformation.ie/en/education/the_irish_education_system/exemption_from_irish.html,
