apparently , `` there was no possibility of the uk voting no , but theyd prefer more precondition were met . 
  '' * i do n't think this government has been nearly as bad for arse licking the us as the previous . 
  * paraphrased quote from william hague . 
  and we chastised for it when they returned home, 
  its more an argument on how said cuts are being implemented . 
  no one will argue that spending money doesnt matter as it is all part of the circle of life ( actually some people will but there is no hope for them ) but spending on things such as infrastructure would have been better than handing more money to a failed banking sector . 
  if you just type / r/subreddit it links automatically . 
  well they became italians before they were peidmont or lombards . 
  rather than vice versa . 
  same with germany . 
  there were germany people . 
  but no germany, 
  well no . 
  the french have had many many governments . 
  but they 've still just been french . 
  where as italy was n't italy between the time it was rome and the 1800s, 
  south american peoples of various types ? 
  egyptians ? 
  though i take issue with the greek bit . 
  the hellenic movement of the victorian era was all about rekindling the ancient greek people . 
  because the ` greekness ' had been diluted by waves and waves of invasion, 
  no italy has been around since the mid 1800 's same with greece and germany . 
  france is the european country i can think of that had maintained its borders and identity for the longest . 
  with occasional small incursions from the english till the fall of calais . 
  not including the uk cause that 's only from 1776, 
  yes , but they 're not quite the same . 
  as impressive as helicopters are they dont have the same capabilities as fixed wing aircraft, 
  yes , but they 're not quite the same . 
  as impressive as helicopters are they dont have the same capabilities as fixed wing aircraft, 
  its definitely worth noting that only france russia and the usa have the ability to project force anywhere they wish at short notice . 
  the rn is rather lacking in carrier capacity at the moment to be considered a ` proper ' navy . 
  ( thanks dave ) china may possibly become a eminent military power but they are currenty very unwilling to involve themselves in foreign policy beyond vetoing things that might affect then in the un . 
  so you mean it 's like a free ride . 
  when you 're already there . 
  the island of ireland is different from the country of ireland, 
  i 'm sure you can use your imagination to overcome a few autocorrect mistakes ? 
  i will edit anyway . 
  because you 're not trying to create a debate . 
  you 're just setting up a personal shooting gallery to knock down points you disagree with . 
  edited for spelling . 
  because other wise they would have never have formed a party in the first place ? 
  edit : organising libertarians is like herding cats, 
  that looks interesting , i will check it out . 
  is occitan a dialect or a language ? 
  i know accents vary wildly in ireland but are there different dialects too ? 
  i would have thought/hoped that all the different islands would have dialects . 
  i ca n't imagine why corfu would be the same as cyprus ? 
  if this is n't the case that 's very sad . 
  can you help me understand , why is it people from the highlands and islands have much less pronouced accents ( as an englisher ) than people from the lowlands ? 
  edinburgh , fife , glasgow i would have thought it would be the other way round . 
  i think he was talking about being taken over , rather than independence, 
  pretty sure they 're talking about ireland . 
  being irelandish and all . 
  what happened to lemaitre ? 
  i thought we was tipped to be in the 100m final ? 
  if you read through the article , most the venues are `` on the outskirts of beijing '' not in the cbd, 
  were n't they in decay when they built them ? 
  china also has space to spare too . 
  they do n't care about a few empty venues , especially when they 're building [ ghost towns ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2011/06/why-chinas-ghost-towns-matter-for-our-economy/240629/ ) to artificially fuel their economy . 
  it 's not going to be closed ? 
  but in the uk the obscure sports are the ones we excel at , so they hopefully wo n't go to waste . 
  i think this situation will improve as the islamic population here becomes less from immigration and more from subsequent generations . 
  i think dissent is part of the british mentality regardless of ethnicity !, 
  only in a world of absolutes . 
  yes that makes sense . 
  but if things were implemented correctly in accordance with existing laws then there would be no need to further legislate . 
  the point of the sharia system ( and all other out of court legal settlements and process religious or civil ) is they have to be agreed by both parties . 
  if a decision is unfair and one party is pressured into it , then the obviously have recourse to actual law . 
  more legislation is rarely if ever the answer . 
  yep , as ever its a fine line between allowing exploitation and not destroying other peoples culture and religion . 
  i think that 's only in civil issues where a court would n't normally be involved anyway . 
  like divorce counseling or settling of debts within the islamic community . 
  which imo seems rather more civilized than keeping lawyers in nice suits and porches . 
  they 're protesting against sharia law in a none islamic country who 's protest laws extend to you can do what you like unless you 're not being a dick . 
  i do n't really understand . 
  edit : argh , the ioc are not an organisation puts pressure on oppressive regimens . 
  maybe possibly they should . 
  but would that be fair on the sports people of north korea ? 
  also this is the first olympics where several middle eastern countries have allowed female athletes . 
  should have been muse rather than macca . 
  can you imagine all those people singing `` feeling good '' much better than naa naa naa naan naaa, 
  the beegees with fiji was a stroke of genius . 
  yep , the industrial revolution is where jrr got his ideas , * we know *, 
  well we are , except for jet engines , aston martins , dyson vaccuums , etc etc etc, 
  reminds me of bill bailey !, 
  seems to make sense , he is playing the chords on the harmonium and the melody on the piano . 
  i know what you mean though . 
  he 's only playing a pretty simple melody , and the notes pressed correspond with the music . 
  but as most television/film is dubbed in post it might not be ... 
  i have no idea what any of that video meant , but it was pretty hilarious all the same . 
  the usual small riot on the 12tg probably, 
  true its from a car insurance comparison website though . 
  its not like its from michelin or the aa, 
  its meant to be mostly for british tourists . 
  who would probably not go to the balkans or fly there if they did . 
  does n't that depend upon which bit of autobahn you 're on . 
  i thought most were restricted . 
  also its from an insurance company . 
  they 're not going to reccomend speeding, 
  higher in the uk surely ?
