calm down ahmed . 
  dutch pvda lost almost 75 % of their votes in the parliamentary elections, 
   swedes , please take action , but do n't take action by voting for right-wing extremists who will only aggravate the situation and cause more tragedy . 
  i get so tired of this shit . 
  you know what these guys want ? 
  an islamic state . 
  is the left going to give them that ? 
  so these attacks will continue . 
  if roaming costs are absurdly high no one is going to use much data abroad , so they got no money . 
  if it 's cheaper then people will use more data so they might even make more money from this . 
  rest in peace , also the two police officers killed in a seperate attack . 
  `` what did you study '' `` gender dimensions of post-state socialism '' [ ????? 
  i think it 's a quick way to say that things like #gender dimensions of post-state socialism is fucking retarded, 
  he 's hated because he 's using his power to do things they do n't want . 
  many rich people do n't sponsor all kinds of diversity/anti-islamophobia events/protests and are consequently ignored . 
  hard to say . 
  us has more races than any idividual country in eu , but is that all diversity is ? 
  all european countries have thousands of years of history , which you can see in lots of regions which have a different cultures , languages , architecture than the country . 
  is iceland expensive ? 
  just because it 's nordic does n't make it like norway or something . 
  it 's their king , and trolls tried to make a black mustache to make him look like hitler . 
  i love the german/belgium collab , very nice . 
  yeah you guys also ended without any bad pixels , although ... maybe some orange would n't have been so bad . 
  my sympathies with all victims and anyone that 's affected by this attack :'(, 
  i do n't think there is any place dominated by sunni where gays are safe . 
  is anyone suprised ? 
  i have no words for this . 
  it 's left leaning and i get annoyed by a few left/green extremists posting their propaganda ( groene , correspondent ) but other than that it 's fine . 
  you do n't know what it 's like to border africa/me , because of your naivity you call anything protectionist fascist . 
  he 's a grown since the last election and you know what he did n't put on his party program back then ? 
  closing mosques , banning the koran ( kek ) , and banning islamic immigration . 
  and despite that , more people voted for him . 
  does n't that make you sad ? 
  at early stages of economic development , rising incomes generally cause child mortality to fall well before fertility consequently falls . 
  also , development has been linked to increased migration , until development reaches a certain point . 
  [ more ] ( http://ftp.iza.org/dp8592.pdf ), 
  i have no reason to be upset . 
  i did n't even vote for him , but with the growing support he will be even more effective at influencing national and european debate , which is all we need from him . 
  vvd understands that they can be more rightwing without being destroyed by the media , and they are much better leaders . 
  wilders came second , his best result yet , and only because the vvd moved into their direction , which is excellent . 
  right wing in general has grown in the parlement . 
  left denial is strong , you 'll need a lot of to continue living in your bubble in the future : , 
  nah , this is going to be the direction of the new europe . 
  you call it fascist , we call it desperate measures . 
  the right is still on the rise , and we can see it by how frantically the eu is discussing the future . 
  usa takes the top spot ( us 23.7 % , uk 13.8 % , belgium 13.2 % ), 
  it 's from the perspective of the geographical country , not the flag . 
  so the country that russia exports the most to ( in $ ) is netherlands . 
  such as ? 
  what you should be worrying about is not the existence of the eu , but how it functions . 
  if there is anything the eu wo n't benefit from it is portraying itself as a boss of its members . 
  if people keep pushing this federalistic meme onto us i would n't mind leaving either . 
  no , but only for as long as we are the majority in our own countries they will have to integrate . 
  there is more to them than terrorist attacks . 
  threatening apostates , culture changes , inevitable loss of western values as they grow larger . 
  at some point we will no longer be kuffar states . 
  yes there is . 
  stop importing people so naively . 
  sadly , all of it happened before i could vote . 
  i do n't see any new germans, 
  your country 's immigration policy is so extreme for european countries that you really do n't need a ( far - ) right gov. 
  for internal stuff . 
  all i hear klaver say is `` every left person should vote gl so we become the largest party '', 
  hijacking this comment to tell everyone that gert-jan segers lived in egypt for seven years . 
  also interesting , it looks like wilders is wearing a bullet-proof vest . 
  im going to vote for dijkhoff , but if d66 wins i wo n't be sad . 
  many naardenaars here . 
  i used to live there , although not in the vesting . 
  when i see the church i have so much nostalgia . 
  it 's actually quite simple . 
  use the eu when international cooperation is beneficial , otherwise let us decide for ourselves . 
  in other words : you are n't really / r/yurop but also not quite / r/nexit, 
  just reddit being reddit, 
  that wo n't do anything . 
  no party with 1-3 seats will be in the coalition anyway . 
  the problem is there are like 8 parties with 10-20 % of the vote . 
  you ca n't fix that with a 2 % treshold . 
  turkish are actually one of the least hated ethnic groups here . 
  do n't pull out your gun too quick , and you know what to do if the police arrives . 
  we take pride in our swamps !, 
  well , it 's just necessary . 
  a war could break out and at that point you do n't have time to buy new equipment , or train people . 
  if you are n't worried about war , you 're going against the advice of experts . 
  gl wants to spend the money on foreign aid . 
  that 's not going to stop enemy military forces . 
  they really live in a bubble . 
  which is n't good if our military is gravely neglected . 
  it 's mainly 1 . 
  schengen allowing eastern europeans to work here for a low salary 2 . 
  badly handled migrant crisis . 
  1572 never forget . 
  it 's a ratio . 
  poland could theoretically still have the lowest amount of suicides . 
  they ca n't do more than repeating they wo n't do it under any circumstance , and the last four years has shown that they do n't need a rightwing coalition to form a good government . 
  i think almost every major party leader in the netherlands has been asked the question along the lines of * `` some of your voters have gone to the pvv , how do you think about their problems and how do you want to show why your ideas will help them more ? 
  '' * many have genuinely contacted pvv voters and are able to answer the question without bashing them , which is something i saw a lot with trump supporters . 
  it 's always a question how many pvv voters watch or care but the party has lost 25 % of its voters according to the polls . 
  i do n't know much about the history , but the current vvd view of the eu ( stronger focus but only on matters that benefit from international cooperation ) is irrefutable ( unless you sub to / r/yurop ), 
  maybe , i am in gelderland, 
  oh , makes sense since there is no checkbox .
