actually , that is something many catalans want , me included . 
  i would prefer to be a confederal state inside of spain , and better yet , just another region of europe . 
  however , that is currently not feasible , and independence is in my opinion more desirable than status quo . 
  independence does n't mean cutting all ties , most of us have family and friends outside of catalonia . 
  i 've lived in england , germany , sweden and france , and despite being different states i have n't felt unwelcome or restricted in any way . 
  independence would just mean transferring the decision power from madrid to barcelona . 
  the majority of us would also rather like to continue in the eu . 
  es obvio que lo que ha causado este movimiento independentista es el momento actual . 
  yes , the right to have a bigger country , right there in the udhr . 
  spain without portugal technically ca n't exist either , portugal was part of the roman hispania . 
  that 's were the name comes from , you know . 
  great , that is what we wanted originally . 
  glad to be of the same mind . 
  because we do n't mind ? 
  i do n't care about people from badajoz or segovia , but i do about my own countrymen . 
  in any case , nobody is saying we should keep everything to ourselves , we wanted to share , just what we are capable of . 
  as it is , this forced `` sharing '' is crippling us greatly . 
  that you call it `` solidarity '' is an insult to our intelligence . 
  usually , solidarity is assumed to be voluntary . 
  why would we have more ? 
  you are welcome to have more autonomy too , we would support you in that with pleasure . 
  if you do n't want that privilege then that is your problem , you could still have it . 
  yeah , it 's not given importance by many people but it 's very important for the development of a country . 
  education is also one of the main pillars at society and suffers of the same problem in this country . 
  in theory it is quite nice , and what i would have voted if i had been able . 
  they have several problems including corruption but are the party that is best for science right now , which is what most concerns me as a biologist . 
  the other parties do not have the same attitude towards it , except maybe ciutadans , but they have not governed yet and it 's not very well explained ( or at all ) in their program . 
  they are unionists too and spain has generally and historically not had a very good attitude towards scientific research . 
  in that regard , catalonia is miles better and it 's what pushed me towards independence . 
  not really . 
  the estelada represents catalan independence but the official flag , and the one i prefer , is the senyera . 
  also republicanism is a very popular option around here . 
  if we do n't get independence , at least we could try to be a federal republic . 
  it is true , they are socially more progressive , that 's the center part . 
  economically they are right . 
  that 's the problem with only a right-left axis , you oversimplify some things . 
  uni\u00f3 held them right socially wise but i suspect they will move to the center now that uni\u00f3 is out . 
  that whole court is a joke . 
  their members are appointed by the political parties and are at the service of them . 
  if a ruling does n't benefit the governing party it shall not pass and held in the limbo in aeternis . 
  but if the governing party needs them to say something ... 
  tomorrow morning you shall have it , sir !, 
  separation of the three powers my ass . 
  cup has never governed catalonia . 
  if you refer to erc-psc as far left ... have a good day . 
  far left ? 
  cdc is center right ( as pp ) . 
  as someone who goes to alicante frequently , i can attest there 's definitely a russian minority there . 
  of course , i was talking on a european and specially spanish viewpoint . 
  psoe/erc are extreme left by american standards . 
  yeah podem are quite big , although most of them are not communists , and the leaders have had to tone down their views after the bases , who are more moderate , so i 'm not worried of them . 
  * also not sure about erc and psoe , one includes republicanism where the other does n't . 
  did n't mean they are exactly the same , rather that they have more or less similar economic programs ( obviously tuned to their respective goals in spain/catalunya ) . 
  being a republican or monarchist , contrary to what many people in spain think , is not an indicator of economic policy . 
  you can be extreme right and be a republican or extreme left ... mmm ... not sure if there are extreme left monarchists , but i 'm sure there 's at least 1 haha . 
  but i refer to left and right to economic sidelines rather than social ones . 
  the current view in spain of left/right in regards to all aspects in politics or even life is absurd . 
  ciudadanos is also trying to break that , i 've noticed . 
  well , if you are willing to link socialdemocrats and related views with communists , i guess half of europe are communists . 
  but really , i do not share that view at all . 
  most social democrats ( and other more extreme lefts , i guess ) would greatly resent being called communist or being thrown in the same bag as them , as the ideologies have very very little in common . 
  and they are certainly not marxist . 
  erc are socialdemocrats , akin to psoe , and cdc are centre-right . 
  in that sense , the only extreme left party in catalonia are podem and cup , and podem has mixed views on independence and nationalism . 
  but i agree the proportion of communists would probably be higher in spain than in ex-ussr countries . 
  i suspect fascism and communism got their roles reversed , with fascism being more popular in ex-ussr countries and vice versa . 
  it 's easier to support that which you have not experienced  which political party you mean ? 
  i personally do n't mind them too much but their track record in catalonia is n't the best , and their outlook on science is quite bad ( which is what is most important to me ) . 
  that said , if i was not in catalonia i 'd probably vote for them as the alternatives are worse . 
  oh , well , sorry about that , i interpreted as if communists were one of the main actors behind . 
  to be fair , right now it seems to me like what you meant is that they make a big enough part of it that the baltics should feel offended by the comparison . 
  i believe that the communists are a fairly small minority in both spain and catalonia , akin to actual fascists . 
  they can be offended by other parts of the comparison ( freedom , human rights etc ) , but communism is n't one in my opinion . 
  * actually is n't this a favourite line among some catalan independists ? 
  no , although unfortunately some people do still go with the pp is fascist charade . 
  or that anything spanish nationalist is also fascist . 
  but that also happens in the rest of spain . 
  * well there are many variants of left and extreme left movements for sure , and that is what i was referring to . 
  let 's not pretend that some of them do not have positive views of the hammer and sickle , so to speak . 
  and let 's not even open the can of worms that is unidos podemos , the iu part of which has officially communism as its ideology . 
  yes , there are many variants . 
  but what fucked the baltic states is the communists , not other currents . 
  while there are actual communists both in up and the cup , they are not majoritarian in any of those movements ( not to say in the entire nation ) . 
  even if you count the whole parties as extreme left and go with that , the cup is still a minority party in the catalan nationalism ( although i do believe it has more power than it should ) . 
  it has even less seats than the pp , which is quite a feat in catalonia . 
  to say that communism is behind catalan nationalism is astoundingly silly . 
  what communists are behind it ? 
  the cup are the smallest party in favour of it and i would say most of them are rather anarchist than communist , although they have several currents there . 
  neither erc or cdc are communists . 
  by your reasoning , the entire spanish nation is literally fascist because a few fascist people voted for their current government , even though none of the main spanish parties is fascist . 
  those who identify themselves as spanish . 
  place of birth does n't matter in the case of identity . 
  nope . 
  plenty of spaniards agree with us . 
  most young people , independently of where they are from , do . 
  this is mostly an old people tradition . 
  actually , for what i care about , which is science , it 's much , much better . 
  but in any case , no , i do n't like it either , but please provide sources for your claim of `` most corrupted and worst governed region '' because i do n't believe a hair of it . 
  i have lost every election since the start of democracy in this country . 
  pp and cs are not the same , although of course some people will support both .
