does every t-mobile in every country offer this , or is it only for us-tmo customers ? 
  because three did something similar , you did n't have roaming charges as country a customer in country b , but did as country b customer in country a. vodafone germany does something similar , letting you use your data/talk time in any vodafone network worldwide , but i think it costs extra . 
  it was originally 2015 , but they bumped it up because of `` infrastructure adjustments '' i think . 
  if i remember correctly , 2016/2017 is the new limit , but rarely anyone seems to bother so far to create eu-wide plans . 
  there was some [ news recently ] ( http://mobil.derstandard.at/1376534969166/eu-rueckt-von-plaenen-fuer-niedrigere-roaming-gebuehren-ab ) ( link in german ) , that carriers are heavily lobbying to prevent , or delay this . 
  i just hope the eu stays strong and pushes it through , they have been trying to create eu-wide carriers through regulation for years , and this would be their final step . 
  i feel like every time this `` advance '' for three uk is posted somewhere , this should be mentioned . 
  three at offered this so more people would switch to them , and now that they have ( through eating orange ) they simply cancel it . 
  considering that the eu is trying to abolish roaming by 1 . july 2014 , i thought this was the carriers first step to dealing with this fact , but now that three uk is starting to offer 3likehome , i 'm not so sure anymore . 
  and how exactly do you think other eu countries national television stations are funded ? 
  my tv subscription in austria already includes german and switzer tv stations ( as well as some italian ones ) , that i pay for through my subscription . 
  those stations online services i am blocked from , eventhough i already pay for them . 
  if i have a subscription , they could be made available through login , for example , thus i would still be paying . 
   then perhaps someone in your own country should start a business attempting to fill such a need . 
  the very issue here is that regulation , laws and company practices prevent that . 
  i do n't think netflix , for example , is rolling out so slowly to the eu because they wa n't to mess with us , but rather that the digital rights distribution laws & practices across all eu countries are a mess , and it 's about time they move on from 1950 and get a modern refresh . 
   different music because of licensing . 
  and that 's the very nonsense we want to go away . 
  there should only be one license necessary for the entire eu , and not negotiations for 28 different markets - that call themselves a single market . 
  so damn the rest of the eu , right ? 
  can you really not see how this would benefit potentially millions of people , but you have it already so screw it ? 
  yeah , i do n't care much for the bbc honestly ( not in a negative sense ) , i just want to not be artificially cut of from hundreds of different services and offerings , because digital stuff is restricted by physical borders in the `` single market '' . 
  if the eu finally starts some steps towards that , i 'm all for it . 
  are you talking about the bbc ? 
  i 'm quite okay with my country 's national tv , and i would n't even know what runs on the bbc that i watch , but i was talking more along the terms of general digital content , not just on the topic of tv offerings . 
  but to stay with tv : my tv subscription here in austria actually includes most of germanys and switzerlands stations , but i pay for those through my subscription , i do n't see how i would n't be able to pay for other countries offerings if they are included in my package - which could come with a login for the web portals . 
  there 's plenty of ways to still pay for it and get to watch it legaly . 
   this does n't sound very good . 
  yeah it does n't sound good , but i live in the not-uk part of europe , so i 'm usually in of those `` other '' countries that gets everything four years later , and honestly , i am sick and tired of that , and while objectively it would be bad , personally i want something like that , so i 'm not constantly a second class customer . 
   geo-blocking basically does nothing . 
  it does to something . 
  it keeps pirating relevant across the entire eu , or even world . 
  it 's somewhat logical that it has n't happend yet . 
  the bigger countries often get digital services , thus the populace does n't ask for it , and all the smaller countries that get shafted for some reason do n't push it through , or even defend it ( austria is one of the main perpetrators for keeping roaming charges up this long , hurting all eu citizens in the process ) due to local lobbys or whatever . 
  let 's hope they 'll make it so that any and all geoblocking becomes illegal inside the eu , at least for the consumer market . 
  germany . 
  pretty much business as usual , only a little more north and a little less mountains . 
  which i have . 
  if i do n't need them to work , i do n't have them installed/check the website instead . 
  if it 's installed , it syncs . 
  that 's still 50 $ / gb . 
  that 's still expensive as hell . 
  many phones use 20-80mb idle data over a day , being on eu vacation for a week and actively using it a few times will rapidly push you up . 
  the thing is , they messed up early on . 
  my country joined in 1995 , before phones became everyday objects . 
  and they let the phone companies grow as national entities , instead of forcing this much , much earlier . 
  this entire industry `` mis-grew '' under the eus watch and only now are they fixing their mess , now that this industry is rich and powerful . 
  i think roaming originally should have been abolished in 2014 , but the poor industry managed to delay it for another three years . 
  what i 'm trying to say is : unfortunately the eu is not so good at prevention , but at least when they clean up they do it properly . 
  i did not expect this to go through vienna . 
  especially the route is . . weird . 
  do so many people travel between vienna and budapest that this makes financial sense ? 
  [ damn ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2015994/end-royal-dynasty-otto-von-habsburg-laid-rest--heart-buried-crypt-85-miles-away-different-country.html ) . 
  guess we 're stuck with democracy . 
  [ palfrader ] ( http://diepresse.com/images/uploads/3/0/c/533260/wir_orf20100115192053.jpg ) would also be okay though . 
  over the past few years . 
  when it was starting everywhere , though for us specifically , the right wing party was in the government circa ~ 2000 for not even five years , with reelections and so on . 
  our country is still uncovering all the shady shit they did during that time , 15 years later , and public opinion has already swung again and favours them again . 
  after that fiacso they went back to ~ 10 % where they belong as extremists , with a voice , but not able to act upon their power fantasies , but now they are back at ~ 30 % , even 49,98 % with their presidential candidate . 
  far right populist where even a judge ruled it 's not libel/slander to call him a nazi , and a left wing politician that , while i 'm also not a fan , is more laid back , and what you expect out of a head of state . 
  yeah , we porbably wo n't , with the new wahlkarten stuff in salzburg . 
  i 'm not entierly sure that would make things worse currently , honestly . 
  get ourselfs a king again , and live with their embarassements instead of a pesident . 
  both do n't really have anything to say anyway . 
  yeah , much more than a populist hate preacher screwing up presidential meetings for six years is the worst that can happen . 
  or that he denies all governments that do n't include his party , which he has pretty much said . 
  i do n't like him particular either , but i 'll take him a hundred times over populism . 
  we also have a populism vs. common sense vote coming up next month . 
  with brexit and trump i 'm starting to fear for my countries future a bit . 
  so much for good wifi on the trains then . 
  first copyright infringement will probably happen 0.2 seconds after a public wifi is open . 
  was n't that changed recently ? 
  iirc thats the reason for no public wifi , in cafes and the like , and i recall having read public wifi will soon become possible in germany , so i 'd guess the law must have been adapted ? 
  the bundesprostitutionskondomtragungsaufsichtsbeh\u00f6rde , i would guess . 
  8.7 $ actually sounds very reasonable , if we had that pricing currently i would actually use roaming data a lot . 
  but currently i would get ~ 40mb or something in that ballpark for that money . 
  of course just using my contract data is preferable . 
  seriously , we have it so good but people are just so goddamn unhappy . 
  i 'm disappointed we did n't make worst spot . 
  one last time for old times sake . 
  well , so is religion ? 
  so politics is religion now ? 
   so ... fingers crossed for reelections ? 
  please no . 
  i ca n't take another wahlkampf this year . 
  well never get rid of them , the usa still has movements left over from the civil war , south will rise again etc. 
  and that was what , 150 years ago ? 
  but hopefully it will decrease to a manageable 5-10 % of population , not close to 50 , because i 'm tired of every vote possibly destroying the eu ( or x countries membership therein ) due to fearmongering by power/money greedy populists . 
  happy , with caveats . 
  it sucks for the nonnaive people there , and the ramifications are going to change the eu , and maybe even break apart the uk , which will undoubtedly be good for some parts of it , but as my own country is becoming ever more stupid , and the eu-leave presidential candidate got 49.5 % not a month ago , i , out of purely selfish reasons , hope that the uk is hit hard , so austria 's populace will understand to remain in the eu , when we have our own referendum somewhen in the next ten years , as it looks rather likely this will happen . 
  of course for the uk it sucks , that the populists won , are already backpedaling on their made up numbers and promises , and so on . 
  i have family living in london , i 'll get to talk to them next friday , and i 'm curious what will happen to them ( working in london for 15 + years , but still austrian citizens , because why change its all eu ) . 
  as they work in the financial sector i 'm sure they 'll have no issues getting work visas , but i wonder if they will actually stay there , or move to frankfurt once companies start moving there ( or wherever london2 will end up being ) . 
  huh , buying lines as in speed sounds reasonable actually . 
  buying per data used of course can just die already . 
  i have n't read up what changed from the last one , but iirc certain calls and other things still cost money , and this mostly goes towards data , not traditional calls . 
  i think the americans want it recognised as a utility , much like water or energy , at least i 've read a lot about that way here on reddit . 
  maybe that is also our path ? 
  yeah , i 'm just glad its finally done . 
  they let the entire mobile market grow into countries divides , while inside the single market .
