  i 'm a big fan of the eu , but seeing how they let such a popular thing happen for so long is astounding , and almost malicious to me . 
  but , as is said , i 'm just glad its finally done . 
  let 's hope they close the remaining loopholes over the next few years . 
  so . . that 's good news , but to play devil 's advocate . . turkish election propaganda is going to be forbidden all over europe it seems , see netherlands , how is it that the opposition is not affected the same way ? 
  upon googling , there are apparently lots of excemptions to it . 
  from what i remember back then ( did my service 12 years ago ) the logic was that when you do your oath in the military to protect austria , that is a conflict of interest with having a second citizenship , in case there is a war with that exact country . 
  but apparently there are lots of excemptions for that . 
  no , i 'm just going by what i hear back then when all my friends and me had to do military service . 
  edit : https://www.help.gv.at/portal.node/hlpd/public/content/264/seite.2640350.html has some answers . 
  my knowledge from back then was , when ( in the military ) you swear to protect austria , that means you ca n't be a citizen of another country anymore because that would be a conflict of interest , but apparently there are lots of excemptions for that . 
  it 's true , because it happened to friends of mine . 
  but as i said , mostly . 
  there are ways around it . 
  iirc that 's only for females , if you 're male when you are 18 conscription triggers , and then you can mostly only have one citizenship . 
  i 'd love to think that the majority of under ~ 35 voters voted against it anyway . 
  but i also think civil service is what saved it with the old people , because `` who will then take care of us '' and similar lines of thinking - at least that i heard from personal connections . 
  that 's a very ~ 1920 way of thinking  in this day and age both can take care of both - save for the having children part . 
  but i do n't see a war in our future where a ) we do n't get blitzkrieg 'd by whoever attacks , because our military capacity is laughable anyway , or b ) we are n't part of a bigger army on a eu/nato level . 
  also . . about 80 % of the public facing military operations in austria are defending our glorious country against the hungarian barbarians ... which can just take the road anyway because we 're both in the eu . 
  so a majority of the conscriptionist spend their 6 months running through the woods along the hungarian border , with a fully loaded rifle , and being bored out of their mind . 
  with us the running assumption is that , since civil service is the alternative to conscription , and that is essentially what keeps our healthcare system afloat , conscription was saved because nobody bothered to have a workable solution for that , in case conscription was killed . 
  i like that it 's not just men . 
  here in austria the state steals up to a year of men 's youth , and women are n't event considered . 
  but we also had a referendum , and kept conscription ( where everyone got to vote on it , of course , so half the country voted on something that does n't affect them either way ) . 
  because in extremists kind of view , any kind of moderation is `` the death of free speech '' . 
  when in reality reining in facebook should actually help freedom of speech , because ideally it should cut back the lies , and `` fake news '' that are creating echo chambers left and right , and leading our society back into unthinkable , un-negotiable groups that hate each other to the blood . 
  but those are just my humble opinions on the matter . 
  border controls are only in effect if you go north ( migrants/refugees ) , you can go south through the entire schengen area and nobody will care . 
  that makes me jealous and a little angry . 
  here in vienna so many old buildings are being torn down and replaced with generic , ugly `` modern '' overdesigned and space-optimised buildings and our city appearance is being killed in the process because all those buildings have no uniform design and just turn our streets into #genericmoderncity number 28 . 
  im glad at least some cities can stay true to their `` design '' even with modern buildings . 
  florida tower ? 
  you mean florido tower ? 
  i 'd assume that has something to do with floridsdorf , where it is standing . 
   that harm open-competition practices , consumers and unfairly target american companies , '' t i really wonder , if these american companies would pay their damn taxes here instead of stockpiling billions and playing their double irish , if they would be so harshly prosecuted / `` unfairly targeted '' ? 
  i know i would n't pay the search , i mean , if the cost of 1 $ would be incurred on google for each search , how would they change and what would be the impact for us ? 
  has there even been a country yet that move away from net neutrality ? 
  i know google searches might be a bad example because millions of them happen at any given moment , i just picked them as a popular example . 
  in this specific example of 1 $ , google would probably shut down within a week or so due to the costs , cash out their reserves and call it a nice 15 years . 
  ah yes , but that 's not what i meant , sorry . 
  what i meant was , how their `` behaviour '' and monetisation practices and all that stuff will change . 
  usually the way apps and services are presented to us , they are tailored for the american market and then pushed to us , with maybe adaptations for regulation and usability . 
  if , starting next year , each google search will cost 1 $ ( intended hyperbole ) , how will that change how that site behaves for us ? 
  i 'm for net neutrality . 
  i 'm glad here in the eu it 's been mostly preserved . 
  but it really rubs me the wrong way that this only seems to garner widespread attention , especially here on reddit , during the bi-yearly assault on net neutrality in the usa . 
  i hope they , too , can save it , but it seems like the american powers that be have decided to kill it , and the rest is just a farce for the public to think that they have an impact . 
  i wonder what impact it will have for us here , once tptb have managed to kill it over there , i.e. 
  if net neutrality ceases in the us , how will that impact our use of american sites ? 
  apple has a clause so they can ship their non-standard charging cables , i 'm certain that poor company will also get an exception clause for this . 
  that is not what 's happening . 
  what 's happening is that the uk want 's ~ ~ all ~ ~ some membership benefits without responsibility , and the eu will hopefully set a precedent that that is n't going to fly . 
  you have your right to leave , in fact i was rooting for you guys to do so , out of the purely egoistic desire that then you would stop slowing down the eu . 
  i 'm sure we will miss you , and this will also make things worse for us in some capacity , but not doing so will undermine the entire eu , and make everyone want special snowflake treatment . 
  but i guess if you believe the same liars and conmen that tilted the majority to leave , you would believe that . 
   and what do you think austria did in 97 ? 
  i 'm not that old , so i assume you mean us creating a flat-toll ( `` vignette '' ) for all personal vehicles ? 
  because austria takes that money from * everyone * , not just foreigners ( eu or not ) at least as far as i am aware , and if there is some way to get that money back through a tax return , please do tell me ? 
  it is , but they try and push it through anyway . 
  if it passes , i hope we pull the same stunt for german students , ask for 50.000 $ study fee , and just waive it with legal mumbo jumbo for austrians . 
  if the eu let 's this pass is for me one of the core tests for the eu . 
  if it passes , the eu is just another club where the strong take from the weak . 
  if the eu slaps germany down , it is following its core principles . 
  and before someone states that `` countries are allowed to take tolls '' yes , yes they do . 
  however retroactively waiving it through tax excemptions is a hidden discrimination , and as such goes against the core of the eu . 
  three 's was never bound to the eu , they 've been doing it for years , but iirc they only offer free roaming to countries where three exists , so brexit should n't change a thing . 
   bitchfight for weeks now ... years . 
  i ca n't remember when our gov actually did something useful ( hyperbole , they should n't constantly be in the media for infighting and public insults of each other ) , even when kern was appointed we had barely a month before the bickering and infighting in that kindergarten started again . 
  i wo n't be surprised if both of them get demolished in the next election , honestly & unfortunately . 
  maybe i 'm thinking of the road to actually get you there ? 
  i know we were waiting in single lane last time i was there . 
  to be fair , i 'm thinking of the sopron border , where it 's single line anyway . 
  they ca n't make that border any worse than it already is . . and yes , it seems to also often be the local government being overzealous , bavaria is also more intense on the matter than the whole german government . 
   do you ??? 
  i 'm sorry if i gave you offence . 
  i 'm with you , we need a proper border control where it matters , not this toothless bickering at the old country borders that only harms actual citizens . 
  i think it 's called frontex ? 
  but is also somewhat toothless from what i know . 
  and i 'm with you on ngos . 
  i 'm sure it scratches their humanitarian itch , but does nothing but move problems elsewhere . 
  that 's just it . 
  i know of plenty of `` green '' border crossings in the bodensee area ( from when switzerland did actual controls ) that i used often with a car , and i 'm certain those are also at any other border in abundance . 
  i feel like those controls do nothing but annoy legit travelers , same as the rigourous airport controls . 
  these `` security measures '' ca n't end soon enough . 
  maybe then they 'll try and solve the actual root of all this instead of punishing random citizens . 
  yeah , i only ran into that once around christmas time , but the `` advantage '' was that the border was rather empty so it was fast ( sub 10min ) , while going to bavaria regularly steals 30-60 minutes of my life . 
  from what i can gather , this is specifically the bavarian government , going above and beyond the call of duty , even more so then the german government . 
  it just sucks for me since i drive through there often , and mostly just pisses of everyone who has to drive there . 
  yes . 
  if you go from austria to bavaria , they funnel you into a single lane , create a traffic jam , and then you drive past sleeping police officers . 
  sometimes it 's open , sometimes they do random controls . 
  if i would illegally transport people , i would just stop before the border and wait for the police to go to sleep , it 's so worthless . 
  same here . 
  i lose more time going between austria and germany ( awesome bavarian border controls with sleeping police officers , but one lane nonetheless ) than when i fly into the eu from asia . 
  as i said , i know the legal things , but again , that 's how i feel about it , since that was ops question . 
  that is because , to you , those are seperate countries . 
  to me the uk is one country , and they are just parts of your country , like styria and caranithia are parts of austria . 
  that is because the uk is a multinational entity for it 's inhabitants , but to everyone outside ( that i know ) , you are just `` the uk '' , as in , we view `` the uk '' as your country , and england , scotland so on as counties - aside from the legal structures . 
  as i 've written in my other replies here , i feel like you get `` extra '' chances to win tourneys because of your situation ( in terms of football , since this is what this thread is about , not other political issues ) , and i 'd like to see the uk compete as one , instead of multiple entrants . 
  try it like this : if the usa were competing as northeast usa ( greater new york , boston area ) , southwest usa ( california + some more ) , and middle territories , how would your sentence change then ?
