  can i be considered white , please ? 
  fortunately , there 's internet connection between them . 
  this is so funny and wrong and kitsch that my brain exploded , was recomposed and exploded again several times . 
  the `` professor '' is priceless . 
  man !, 
  you should know better !, 
  you do n't try to build an empire all over europe !, 
  africa , america and asia are ok . 
  in spain there 's a `` culture '' of not paying taxes in certain sectors . 
  construction ( oh , yeah ! ), 
  and restaurants comes immediately to mind . 
  when buying a house , it 's `` typical '' to only declare part of the money being handed out . 
  also , when doing reforms and that kind of things difficult to trace by the government , tax evasion is very high . 
  a few anecdotes : - recently we made some reforms at home . 
  i payed the vat . 
  the builder looked at me like if i were stupid . 
  my wife still gets angry if we talk about this today . 
  nobody , i repeat , nobody pays taxes for that kind of things in spain . 
  i wanted to keep bitchin ' rights . 
  - my uneducated sister has worked in about 15 jobs or so in her life . 
  i remember maybe only 1 or 2 of them where she really was 100 % legal . 
  normally she would work without a contract at all , or being paid partially in `` black money '' , or all kinds of irregularities regarding payments to social security and taxes . 
  frequently she had to sign a `` voluntary '' redundancy in advance of the real contract , so she would cost them 0 $ when she `` leaved '' . 
  - sometimes i 've seen people paying the groceries with a 500 $ note . 
  - finally , in more serious sectors ( skilled professionals , big companies ) i would say taxes and labor market is basically `` european-like '' . 
  i 'm a skilled worker and i 've never been paid in black , and i 've always worked with a contract , taxes , and social security payments . 
  you have and idealized view of north vs south . 
  life here in spain has been quite crappy last decade . 
  we are not swines living and consuming the poor german 's hard earned money . 
  in 2009 , the median of the salary was 18.800 $ , and the most frequent , 15.000 $ ( [ source ] ( http://www.ine.es/prensa/np658.pdf ) ) . 
  take taxes and social security from that and you have that the most frequent salary is about 1.000 $ / month . 
  a modest , new 3-room apartment in madrid cost then about 350.000 $ bare minimum ( a bit cheaper in other major cities ) . 
  employment was high even when the economy was `` full-throttle '' . 
  does that look like living in abundance to you ? 
  i 'm the first in line when criticizing how the things are done here but , believe me , the population in general is not to be held responsible . 
  look in the banking sector , or in political nests . 
  the ivth reich  edit : seriously , i would welcome some change of leadership here . 
  please be not be madrid , we already have a steaming mound of problems . 
  also , here you 'll find a selective bias : the people who do n't speak english is not reading this thead , 
  in spain , everything is always dubbed and translated ( very well , by the way ) . 
  you have to chase english if you want to study it here . 
  this . 
  in spain , english is taught in from school , and the level is abysmal . 
  in france , the same . 
  spanish & german for the win , in this regard . 
  both very systematic . 
  until 2010 more than 8,000 companies were tax-exempt . 
  still today , non-resident companies are tax exempt . 
  also , surprise !, 
  gibraltar has 60,000 registered companies and about 30,000 population . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.gibraltaroffshore.com/gibraltarnonresidentcompany.htm ) also , from time to time uk does funny things in gibraltar like repairing broken nuclear submarines . 
  so yeah , they are not exactly good neighbors . 
  btw : i do n't care about territorial claims . 
  it 's just it would be nice if they played by eu rules . 
  true . 
  us and uk have the competitive benefit of being already fluent in the most used commercial language . 
  while i 've bought from other countries in europe ( mostly de ) , typically is a pain in the arse , as the translations are usually bad , or you have to use a translation service . 
  while the merits mentioned in the article are true , also : * the spanish central bank did nothing while the 2000-2007 bubble formed and grew . 
  * the successive governments also did nothing . 
  * the population also did nothing and proceeded to feast on cheap consumer credit and mortgages . 
  * very few economists warned of the situation , and those that did , were tagged as ` weirdos ' . 
  so true . 
  i live in spain . 
  recently went to germany on a trip . 
  i was surprised the price of things are only slightly higher than in spain . 
  wtf ? 
  here a typical unqualified worker gets paid about 600-1000 $ ( if he/she is very lucky and is not unemployed ) . 
  why do we have `` german '' prices without a german economy ? 
  beats me . 
  a single currency is great for some things but a bitch for others , like a country not having control over its monetary policy . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i do n't read a lot nowadays , but can recommend javier mar\u00edas , imho one of the best writers alive in spain . 
  in spain , protests have been very mild . 
  i do n't know whether i should be proud or ashamed . 
  probably both . 
  i can answer in the case of spain . 
  here the mindset has always been pro buying instead of pro renting ( for decades , housing was a way to keep wealth when the currency - peseta - was being devaluated ) . 
  you could hear you mom constantly saying `` to rent is to throw money away '' ( * alquilar es tirar el dinero * ) . 
  forward to the 2000s : spain got the euro currency , and lost control of its monetary policy : interest rates of the european central bank were lower that previously ( with spain 's own cental bank ) , so this gave access to a lot of cheap money to local banks and companies , and at the end , households , in the form of mortgage and consumer credits . 
  from the 2000s spain economy experimented unprecedented growth . 
  the future was bright , and money was cheap , so more and more families decided to bought a house . 
  this made the prices go up , stimulated the house building sector , which in turn attracted investments from banks and required immense workforce . 
  that made the economy look even brighter , and the unemployment shrank . 
  in turn , more people had access to housing , banks were willing to take less precautions when giving out mortgages ( as housing prices were rising , it always seemed a good investment ) , this in turn stimulated demand and even more money was available , etc , you get the idea , the system had feedback so a bubble formed from 2000 to 2007 , aprox . 
  of course , internationally , spain seemed an excellent place to invest , and massive quantities of foreign and local money were sucked into the sector . 
  spain central bank and successive governments did nothing , as things seemed to go beautifully and nobody wanted to be the messenger of bad news . 
  in 2007-2008 the international crisis cast some doubt in the international credit markets , and this event alone was enough to moderate the rate mortgages were being conceded to households by banks , which in turn moderated demand , then prices increases went flat , the bubble slowly burst . 
  at first , until about 2010 , there were a lot of naysayers , but today in 2012 everybody openly assumes the housing market is in free fall , and even the government is eager to burst the bubble even more and make the banks come clean of it , to regain international credibility . 
  the big problem is that this housing bubble supported many things : gdp growth , very low unemployment , and a huge slice of banks ' investments . 
  as the bubble popped , a shitstorm unleashed . 
  now the house building sector is something laughable , like a tenth of what it was in 2007 . 
  all the workforce is now unemployed , most of these families have mortgages and incredible personal dramas ( in spain , you are responsible for your debts , including mortgages , for your whole life ) . 
  unemployment is awful , moderate in the rich regions in the north ( esp . 
  basque country ) but desolate in the south ( something like 30-40 % ) add to this that most government money ( especially for local governments ) came from taxing building construction , etc , and from vat . 
  also , government spending has gone thru the roof ( unemployment benefits , etc ) . 
  so less income + a lot more spending = budget deficit . 
  finally , the banking system was heavily invested in the housing sector ( credit to construction projects and companies , and mortgages to families ) . 
  as the credit defaults have risen a lot , and housing prices have crashed , the banks accounts are extremely damaged . 
  as banks are really scared if somebody finds out their real situation , they tend to lie , hide losses , and feign that everything is good until , suddenly , they blow up . 
  the government has had to nationalize more than 10 banks , the last one a very big one ( like the 4th or so ) , bankia , a couple of weeks ago .
