  or in other words : https://twitter.com/auaurelija/status/750306583708565504 ( #breaking an illiquid fund is illiquid ), 
  you realize that the mini and rolls are basically german ? 
   you mentioned pwc did - i did nothing - you did vote though . 
   as bad as that of france do n't you get it ? 
  this is not a game of whos worse off - you fucked it up for all of us !, 
   it is for uk companies , that operate in sterling which is also largely wrong for ftse 100 companies . 
  most of them operate in $ and outside the uk ... so what you look at when watching the ftse100 is investors buying $ - revenue and profit from oustide the uk in cheap poundsterling ... 
  well it is not catastrophic or an armageddon - it is just negative and the trend also points downwards . 
  that is what happens : the uk economy will move towards a recession ... and the rest of the world may have black eye only ( especially france/germany ) . 
  that is number 2 today - coming in fast . 
  1st was standard life with 2.7 bn : http://www.ftadviser.com/2016/07/04/investments/property/sli-suspends-trading-on-bn-uk-real-estate-fund-tlzm5f3yyozdjjewjvgbul/article.html, 
  + cheap luxury housing ( compared to most other cities ) , accessible cocaine + hookers , no speed limit for the porsche ( mostly ), 
   the solution would be for the romanian state to root out corruption , slim down to payable levels and make itself more entrepreneur friendly . 
  uha ... a neo-lib with trickle-down philosophy ... go look for someone else to play with . 
  my favourite news-snippet today :  according to pricewaterhousecoopers , brexit should cause a serious shock to the uk economy , which could lead to between 70k and 100k fewer jobs in the financial services sector and 950k job losses overall . 
  on the basis of 50k job losses in london , in line with previous cycles , office rent values should decrease by 24 % , on our computation . 
  in both the past two crises ( 1989-92 and 2007-09 ) , the market priced in a 28-29 % fall in capital values . 
  if that scenario repeats itself , uk share prices should fall 43 % from the october 2015 peak to trough , or another 27 % from here . 
  why should he ? 
  the argument is nice ... but one-sided and has an agenda . 
  the other side of the medal would be to restrict/ban services from the uk in poorer countries ... so they can build up their own industry ;-) it 's a freedom that balances ... with restricting one thing it does not have that effect . 
  it 's just like saying `` no more people from cornwall to london - movement restricted '' . 
   why did n't you invest in eastern poland for the uninaugurated : https://www.somethingawful.com/photoshop-phriday/invest-eastern-poland/1/, 
  ;-) have an upvote . 
  and fintech ? 
  http://www.ftse.com/products/indices/uk use the one in $ . 
  80 % of it is `` service '' and `` oil '', 
  this comment is either brilliant and witty - or the dumbest thing i ever read ... unsure which . 
   how hated gove is here this seems to be a fact if you are a teacher ... but else ? 
  i read several pieces respecting him . 
  and he was the 2nd face of `` vote leave '' - he was also bojos buddy and partner in crime - not matter how much you hate him - he must know about the `` bojos unfit '' part . 
   or maybe he just does n't want to be pm ? 
  yeah well ... this is even total cowardice or missing support . 
  most likely it 's a mixture of both . 
   big name for what ? 
  a side-note in history mabye . 
   be loud about what ? 
  all he said after the referendum was `` free movement may be still there , 350mn may not be available and single market may be important after all ''  pray tell how politics will be finished for him rotting away on the backbench - or leaving for a nice lobby job, 
   easily been frontrunner after gove backstabbed him ? 
  saying `` he 's unfit for practically everything ? '', 
  that would never have happened . 
   rest are a bunch of nobodies and he just went on public supporting leadsome ... a nobody . 
  he literally said : `` i 'm with the nobody - i was unfit to be even better than her ''  still be about i put money on the fact that politics is finished for him, 
   / r/askisis why is that not a thing ? 
   he 's still going to be pretty important in the political scene . 
  as what ? 
  the guy who won and was n't able to rally support for getting pm ? 
  the second grade secretary in andrea leadsome 's cabinet ? 
  ( if she would even win - he pledged support ) . 
  i can not see any future career in politics for mr. johnson . 
  edit : he could actually get ukip leader and follow farage - that would be kind of funny . 
   he still supports leave well now it is pretty irrelevant what he wants . 
  https://www.quora.com/boris-johnson-didnt-look-very-happy-after-the-brexit-do-you-think-that-he-really-wanted-to-leave-the-eu http://thenewdaily.com.au/news/2016/06/27/boris-johnson-never-wanted-win-brexit/ http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/07/did-boris-johnson-want-to-remain-all-along http://qz.com/717182/a-brexit-conspiracy-theory-nails-the-no-win-situation-boris-johnson-now-finds-himself-in/ some do - and it looks like a possible theory to me - as usual : no evidence . 
  i heard good things about lvev . 
  you obviously need to go east ( for the money-concern ) . 
  so the question is how far `` east '' . 
  somewhere between bratislava and kiew i would guess . 
  ( although odessa would probably be the cheapest with sea-access ... if you are up to it ) . 
  not two dozens ... maybe 5-6 . 
  i scanned the best ones from http://ftalphaville.ft.com/ my usual morning read . 
  edit : ... and i learned ( mostly the hard way ) that there is some balanced truth in numbers and markets ... 
  also here : http://macro-man.blogspot.de/2016/07/anarchy-in-uk.html  a more serious development , of course , is standard life 's decision to gate their gbp 2.9 billion uk commercial property fund . 
  this in turn has recalled the dark days on 2007 , when the price collapse and gating of money market funds was the canary in the coal mine that illustrated the severity of what was to become the financial crisis . 
   now obviously , these are not the same things . 
  when considering the liquidity spectrum , money market instruments and commercial property are about as far apart as you can get , so a gating of the latter connotes far less danger than of the former . 
  that being said , this is another sign of real economic damage being inflicted by the brexit fiasco ( are we allowed to call it that yet , given that `` uncomfortable limbo '' was not among the referendum choices , but that 's what we 've currently got ? ), 
  the standard life fund , which had performed like a rock star since the crisis , has seen a significant markdown in its price in the aftermath of the vote - much like its major competitors . 
  this development , a rather unwelcome change from the fairly steady appreciation of the past seven years , has prompted a wave of redemption requests - which the fund 's 15 % position in liquid assets is unable to meet . 
   standard life investments uk real estate fund due to exceptional market circumstances , standard life investments has taken the decision to suspend all trading in the standard life investments uk real estate fund ( and its associated feeder funds ) from 12:00 noon on 4 july 2016 . 
  the decision was taken following an increase in redemption requests as a result of uncertainty for the uk commercial real estate market following the eu referendum result . 
  the suspension was requested to protect the interests of all investors in the fund and to avoid compromising investment returns from the range , mix and quality of assets within the portfolio . 
  `` the standard life investments uk real estate fund invests in a diverse mix of prime commercial real estate assets from across the office , retail , industrial and other sectors . 
  its lower risk positioning should be beneficial for performance in times of market stress and uncertainty . 
  the fund continues to offer a stable and secure income return with a distribution yield of c3 .86 % ( sli uk real estate fund , institutional income share - class on 15 june 2016 ) . 
  however , unlike investing in equities , the selling process for real estate can be lengthy as the fund manager needs to offer assets for sale , find prospective buyers , secure the best price and complete the legal transaction . 
  unless this selling process is controlled , there is a risk that the fund manager will not achieve the best deal for investors in the fund , including those who intend to remain invested over the medium to long-term . 
  approval for the suspension was received from citibank europe plc , in its capacity as depositary for the fund . 
  the suspension will end as soon as practicable , and will be formally reviewed at least every 28 days . 
  oh the clearing system isnt the problem . 
  the passporting is - noone can accept access to the uk also means access to the eu ... ... and thats why most of those `` service providers '' need to move into the single market . 
  how could a company excercise a states duty ? 
  might be ... but loosing passport rights will be devastating to all of uk ( 80 % of the exports have been `` services '' or oil/gas ) - while the guy from north england doesnt care about those ... 
  correct - scrap that ... so 1 still stands, 
  that 's different . 
  inside schengen . 
  france seems to be a safe 3rd party country ... italy/greece too ( --  dublin 3 ) . 
  and as the uk has not too much motivation to treat the problem european-wide ... 
  the method of transport seems irrelevant . 
  shut down the train ... ferry gets crowded . 
  correct - while they still would probably loose some bankers towards ffm . 
  and is n't it a brilliant move ? 
  limit immigration but no passporting rights ? 
  the average brexit-voter would love this - he could n't give a rats ass about the banksters and immigration would come down , while still access to the single market ? 
  seems like a wet dream ... while most of the `` elites '' know that it nwould be the end of london ( and with this up to 25 % gdp ), 
  well ... a constitution in written form would probably help ... lol, 
  in this case theory 2 applies :  on the other hand : if he actually did want to win and was himself tumbled by gove he is basically just a looser ... and a bad one too . 
  and let me add here : a bad looser without a plan, 
   he has nothing to be guilty for as an observer - i think the theory he actually aimed for a near-win to tumble cameron and strengthen further demands towards eu , but never leave it to be quite a good one . 
  and if this one 's right he actually did gamble away his countries future for his own ego and ambitions ... something he should feel guilty about . 
  on the other hand : if he actually did want to win and was himself tumbled by gove he is basically just a looser ... and a bad one too .
