  maybe pol-pot comes close . 
  come in , join the euro , enjoy a artifially depressed currency ;-), 
  you mean ... like the ose ? 
  that 's what they do n't get . 
  europeans would sue the shit out of them with all those protectionism . 
  meat , sugar , hfcs , tbc . 
  this would be a continous law suit for years . 
  and they are bound to loose many of them . 
  i love the movie with louis de funes . 
  i guess i 've seen it double digit times : l'aile ou la cuisse, 
  the time when the words `` modest '' and `` varoufakis '' could be used in one sentence are pretty much over forever . 
  / r/european is this way -- , 
  saw him at bill maher . 
  good ol social democrat , didnt even know those existed anymore , pleasant surprise . 
  ... does not stand a chance ... 
  why ? 
   as for asylum-seekers , the vast majority of those entering the eu are illegal immigrants , nothing more . 
  that is just wrong . 
  basically every syrian , afghan , somalian , mali , most lybian , many iraqi , irani can absolutely valid a claim for asylum , as their lives are in danger . 
  if you want to make the case , again they might become illegal , because they landed in italy , probably after being rescued on a german , or even english ship and crossed broder afterwards . 
  then again we are at this `` no-solidarity '' in the eu case . 
  anyone counted ? 
  5th time submitted ? 
  we are either talking about immigration ( which as such should be followed by quotas , and in the case of germany is a wanted and massively favourable approach in many cases ) and thats ok to integrate national interests , or we 're talking about asylum - in this case `` zero '' is a breach of your law , the un charta and several other signed treaties ... which you then should abort ... which is done by leaving the eu , rewriting your constitution and leaving the un ... just saying . 
  no absolutely is this not a `` sustainable '' solution . 
  and absolutely are many of your points very valid and should be implemented . 
  but : he said ( and i quote ) :  for not wanting to deal with this shit when we still have that choice ? 
  ... and i hate this insular `` not my problem ... they ca n't reach me and i do n't give a fuck '' - attitude . 
  this discussion has to be done on a european level , talking about numbers ( because `` zero '' is n't a solution ) caps for asylum seekers and quotas for immigrants , fair sharing of asylum seekers , stronger controls , easier deportation ( though that is expensive , and sometimes not feasible ... like syria ) . 
  edit : and just for facts : poland has a quite decent asylum-process : http://www.asylumineurope.org/reports/country/poland/asylum-procedure/general/flow-chart i do n't think he would like to abolish that . 
  now that we produce tanks together ... there is upselling potential . 
  ... while both operate the 2 biggest car sharing operations in germany ... 
  do you think you have `` that choice '' ? 
  sure you could always go for the `` my country does n't border to the med-sea - i do n't care about it '' , which is basically against any european solidarity . 
  or you could say `` let those boats sink , push the immigrants back to the sea , deport everyone , ignore the un charta , that you signed and grant nop asylum '' . 
  which exactly is it then ? 
  oh good ... i forgot the / s obviously . 
  that was supposed to be an educated joke ... not an uneducated guess . 
  after seeing the swiss national banks balance i do really feel for you . 
  hope if he claims ultraconservative shit the pope will call him out . 
  what would happen if the pope would contradict his action s ? 
  the swiss benefited probably even more ... kind of ... 
  las vegas though ... thats just craziness, 
  taking on 800mio hindus and sikhs might be a little over the top though ... 
  fun fact restricted areas : mount athos -- special permit required ( 4 days : 25 euro for orthodox visitors , 35 eurofor non-orthodox visitors , 18 euro for students ) . 
  there is a visitors ' quota : maximum 100 orthodox and 10 non-orthodox per day and women are not allowed . 
  cool chick he is, 
  yes ... but as this post had about 8 answers , is actually already `` old '' i think it might be possible to find the answer ... 
  see exactly below ... 
  correct, 
  is n't the plan to make you the `` european battery '' for all that excess wind/solar-power so you could pump water up the hill ? 
  austrians could go for learning german too . 
  and the swiss guys also !, 
  bismarck knew ... 
  so ... where is that picture-thread of where to go to in romania ? 
  70x150 is 10500 ... you need to cut of a strip . 
  probably from refugeeboats ... / s, 
  is it a german one ? 
  they do not kick them out of the party . 
  just out of commitees . 
  years to fix this . 
  years of external help declined . 
  years wasted . 
  are they actually printing the money they sell ? 
  or do they keep the money supply stable ? 
  they cant be restricted from voting as they like . 
  their careers are restricted and their influence . 
  kauder is a slimey bastard anyway . 
  ... out . 
  like out of commitees . 
  not like out of party . 
  this is as sensational as it gets ... 
  turkish second ammendment : the right to bear rockets ... / s, 
  german here : broomsticks ? 
  not jesus . 
  joker it is . 
  audi workers received 6500 $ , porsche workers almost 9000 . 
  ca n't see this `` workers are exploited '' thing here ... 
  that should have been `` ethic '' not ethnic ... typo . 
  how a single latter can change the meaning to absolute bullshit ... sorry, 
  not exactly , because aufarbeiten also has that ring of ethic , moral work to it . 
  you wo n't `` aufarbeiten '' a bunch of forms on your desk . 
  you would `` durcharbeiten '' them , which is a 1:1 translation of work through . 
  the aufarbeiten verb comes with proceedings that when finished puts the result on an elevated state . 
  morally or quality elevated . 
  `` auf '' really means elevated , not up in this case . 
  for example you also can `` aufarbeiten '' an old suit at a tailor , which means refurbish . 
  how exactly does a country depress it 's economy again ? 
  worst day of your life so far . 
  it 's a 1:1 translation of `` aufarbeiten '' which ca n't be translated exactly but means the process of digesting and coming to terms with . 
  40 degree in germany yesterday ... just wait a few more years . 
  if michel is martin or jean-claude i fear for much more ... yeah well - would change before anyway, 
  part ii : not allowed to fly in european airspace ... 
  paying fuel and building a flying gas station hovering over the mediteranian sea are probably two different categories ;-), 
  if michel is angie i just fear for the lack of vision to do so ... 
  ... based on its statutes they should have withdrawn all ela-fundings for weeks now ... 
  yesterday it was : `` comment by unicornrapist97 '' : bomb them all . 
  yolo '' today it 's : `` comment by maximilian breuer : we all should let them drain in the med sea . 
  they deserve it with all that sharia stuff . 
  ca n't wait till someone throws some molotov-cocktail on one of those scum-families '',
