  you are welcome to state your opinion , vote in the council . 
  so i guess it 's taken care of . 
  never said it was german money - on a side note as we pay 28 % of it , it 's kind of `` in our interest '' . 
  and i can actually pinpoint the second my view on the polish became that way . 
  it was last sunday , when on a televised discussion of international reporters this lady : [ aleksandra rybinska ] ( https://twitter.com/arybinska ) literally said : not our ( fucking ) problem . 
  as most of them received yearly bonuses of 5000-8000 $ last year , i would assume they are quite comfartable . 
  our courts refused even the idea to deport them back to greece or hungary ... 
  yeah ... difficult time to discuss the `` grey '' . 
  solve the syrian war would be agreeable the first major step towards a solution . 
  a coherent and unified european immigration law would be a second . 
  bribing turkey in keeping the refugees is already on the way . 
  we 'll see ... no easy solutions at hand . 
  for a first it might be good enough to stop the existing money flow . 
  so another eastern european with the perfect solution : `` give money , but keep the problems away ; solidarity good enough for us ... oh and send planes to protect our borders . '', 
  all countrys support lebanon and jordan in doing so . 
  and the eu tries to achieve a dirty deal with turkey on exactley this . 
  still people try to reach better places ... 
  closing the schngen border would achieve the same ... or closing the internal border in germany ( which will happen eventually sooner or later ), 
  there is a good answer to that : after the infamous `` welcome speech '' by mrs. merkel 1.1 mio came to germany . 
  before the speech , at a time when we all called hungary `` savage '' ( kind of a mistake there ) , the estimation was 800k . 
  so you can argue pretty precisely that the acceleration by a `` welcoming atmosphere '' was roughly 20-25 % . 
  as long as outlook is poor , african societies are failing , civil war in north africa exists , syria is in ruins and water is running low people will be desperate enough to leave ... 
  ever read the un refugee convention ? 
  the european human rights charta ? 
  portugal signed kind of both ... 
  i know i know ... for poland it 's sufficent to receive 12bn/year . 
  good enough for solidarity . 
  nope 22bn out of 110bn is german money . 
  good point ... what about guernsey ? 
  is n't that a tax-evading paradies anyway ? 
  two birds with one stone ... 
  eu debts senor ... not german debts . 
  ok ... let 's go with the polish solution : `` not our fucking problem '', 
  15k as far as i remember, 
  2 facts : you did sign the same human rights thing as us . 
  your southern border is lampedusa . 
  accept that . 
  to achieve what exactly ? 
  absolutely correct - all the `` stop the immigration '' redditors have to accept that this is only possible when we let people die ... a lot of them ... by the hands of our own borderguards ... deliberately . 
  and the end this might be the only solution , and it might also reduce the amount of people who try to enter ... but it 's the most dickmove possible . 
  probably let poland decide ... 
  according to 85 % of reddit it 's either that or sarificing one of your islands to `` stash '' them away - the australian model . 
  uuuuh . . french cars ??? 
  for cars please move one country to the east ;-), 
  refugees ( asylum seekers ) are basically handled like any other benefit receiving person - same rules apply . 
  so you do not get to keep your savings , any `` riches '' , while the state pays for you - same as if you would be benefit receiving , unemployed longer then 1year ( also known as `` hartz4 ) . 
  this obviously does not apply to several things you own - like personal stuff , or `` basic '' things ( including even a tv and computer btw ) . 
  oh and this is hardly news - it was like this since hartz4 was introduced . 
  algerians travel to turkey to enter the eu ?? 
  shit rolls downhill ... 
  help to find a european solution ? 
  so basically no ... 
  come over to the qwertz side ... 
  so there will come the moment in the future when we all agree on those actions and then sooner or later people will die by the hand of frontex ... directly or by refusing help . 
  a moment like cologne ... only this time 20 desperate people die . 
  maybe some froze to death , or they got the landing denied , or one was just shot by a stressed border control agent in a turmoil . 
  this will happen . 
  and i want people to fully understand that these things will happen and we all willfully accept those to happen and tell the officers we send there to protect the borders to do so . 
  not that i see much more alternatives anymore ... just that we all accept that the closing of fortress europe will result in dead people which we do accept as collateral damage ... not being proud of it but say it 's the only way . 
  liberal humanists saying so ... 
  soooo ... whats the cause ? 
  failing african societies ? 
  lack of water ? 
  decline of agriculture in 3rd world ? 
  foreign fueled proxy wars ? 
  what would you suggest to fight the root caused ? 
  the cause ? 
  you mean to send troops to syria ? 
  the german estimate of 800k was even before merkels `` invitation '' . 
  the fact we all used to ignore italy and greece cry for help since years did not help . ( we = europe ) . 
  and if you might check the amount of sunken boats over time you will discover the increase came before . 
  the '' invitation '' was an explicit reaction to the hungarian circumstances ... 
  why is it that everyone seems to deny the fact that the whole `` inviting '' thing is not the cause of migration ... and may at the most be a little accelerator . 
  all of europe could shout loud : `` no more asylum '' uni sono , and there would be still millions in the waiting line . 
  it 's the war in syria , the falling societies in africa and the shortage of water that makes people leave ... 
  and now you will encounter what is called the baader-meinhoff-phenomenon ( or otherwise frequency bias ) : http://www.psmag.com/books-and-culture/theres-a-name-for-that-the-baader-meinhof-phenomenon-59670, 
  missing munich on the list ... 
  uuuuuh thx . 
  fuck you too, 
  i alwaays laugh when i see the statistic where ch is world 's largest copper exporter, 
  uh ... folks ? 
  could you switch back to english ? 
  i 'd love some insight in this polish discussion . 
  soooo how much antisemitism is there in poland ? 
  merkel fought against this since years . 
  shes the main slowing factor . 
  now she used her resistance as a bargain chip . 
  correct - which is basically the utmost important action to avoid a further swelling of the immigration wave ... get rid of the causes . 
  ... now we only need next steps in vienna, 
  probably important to stress this part : ** the voluntary returnees are motivated by a variety of factors -- typically by the fact that the security situation in their home region has improved since their departure . 
  often has severe consequences later on ... like 50mio dead ppl . 
  fun fact : the benches in the uk parliament ( between opposition and ruling party ) are slightly more then 2 sword lengths away from each other ... 
  red hat unmarried , black hat married : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bollenhut, 
  lately i listened a lot to : [ hindi zahra ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3zsbimsauc ) , who apparently sings in a [ thamazight ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berber_languages ), 
   do we polish people do not deserve a constitution which is good and well prepared for the current times ? 
  victimization ... always a pretty comfortable place to be . 
  the `` 2 out of 5 have been nominated illegally '' was mentioned in every news about the whole thing - incl . 
  germany and uk . 
  so ... you really think `` the germans '' are more easily persuaded by those `` dark intentions '' then other `` races ( ? ) '' . 
  last time i counted the frontnational came out with close to 30 % , while the npd has a meager 1,5 % and the afd 7 % ( untested in elections ) ...
