  and after that we need a common approach to the situation in general - think of hungary 's south border at kos , lampedusa and sicily . 
  and after that we need to do something about syria - which does not only include dropping bombs . 
  because as i see it now , we pay 10x more for bombs dropped in syria then we pay for refugees from there - with little to no effect . 
  there is not much clear-cut black/white bad/good argument here . 
  for one thing : yes , you are right about the `` registering '' , about the `` all are welcome '' and about the lack of explanation from germany . 
  for the other side : i can find a lot of `` we were given no food , no water , the police did beat us '' articles on various news . 
  how valid ? 
  well at least some sound quite valid . 
  and it 's also obvious that orban uses the whole situation for his very own agenda . 
  hungary doe not want to `` excell '' at treating refugees - and they pretty much do their best to seem `` overwhelmed '' , while also declining any foreign help ( the unhcr help has been declined - on purpose ) . 
  referendum ii - return of the varoufakis ? 
  asylum is 3yrs , citizenship 8, 
  she never said that . 
  she just stated the fact that they wont be send back to italy , greece or hungary . 
  translation : * no weapon exports , no wars * no wars , no refugees * no refugees , no workers subline `` securing germanys future '', 
  pressure, 
  btw ... since trump i ask myself the same about the us ... 
  the tolerating probably only occured because some countries supported it ... 
  that 's why i asked . 
  so a 10th of germany . 
  probably he didnt enter eu via sweden first ... 
  how many cigarettes for 3 $ ? 
  dont speak for me . 
  i do pay taxes for that . 
  and i do smile doing so . 
  in other words : 3 $ a day . 
  bad luck if you happen to be smoker ... thats 12 cigarettes/day, 
  us deserter needs proof of war crimes in iraq to seek asylum , court rules http://gu.com/p/466jj?cmp=share_androidapp_in_zwischenablage_kopieren, 
  1st entry eu is greece . 
  the eu border ... 
  duda seems quite conservative and religious . 
  ours not . 
  honest question : all swedes i did encounter so far are literally `` away in july '' , `` away from 5pm '' and `` not starting before 9am '' . 
  including retailer , it consultancies , etc. . . 
  feels worse then france . 
  you think this will prevail ? 
  i mean it does n't have to be 60hrs/week - but sometimes i would expect some flexibility . 
  turkey ? 
  greece ? 
  one wo n't other ca n't, 
  money is not the problem . 
  obviously . 
  and noone `` invited '' them . 
  point stays valid : other countries do help you in solving your problems - might as well give some back ... or just finally state `` we do n't give a fuck about solidarity '' . 
  btw : it 's not helping germany ... it 's helping greece and italy . 
  sure . 
  solidarity where it 's comfortable , souvereignity where it 's uncomfortable . 
  might as well stop transfers to hungary . 
  well they declare asylum as `` basic human right '' . 
  seems good enough for me . 
  so where exactly would you like to deport them to ? 
  isis was formed 2004 in iraq ... 
  * un human rights charta * european human rights both signed by hungary and yes - just push them back to greece ... that 's the spirit ... 
  sorry germany declared this option as `` inhumane '' ... eu will probably sue them soon ... and hungary . 
  although not too much : avg . 
  sure finland is enforcing dublin regulation . 
  in germany courts ruled it `` inhumane '' in cases of greece , partially italy , hungary . 
  european court btw . 
  did rule accordingly . 
  if a refugee would test the edublin regulation before a finnish court ... he would probably get the same answer . 
  besides - sending them back to either greece or italy does not solve any problems ... 
  a syrian claiming asylum in finland would not be decline either . 
  the fact that you might consuider sending them back to his entry point would probably be also declined in finland . 
  ... so it was just stating reality . 
  living in the east : 12 % registered religion . 
  well . 
  we might have a preacher as president , but hes on a another level then duda . 
  i really wonder why . 
  poland is deeply religious and catholic ( in many places at least ) , there should be some kind of understanding coming from that culture . 
  and being refugee shouldnt be something out of the world for polish people too - including the desire to have a better life in another country . 
  what are the most common complains about germany ? 
  destroyer of western civilization , or more powermonger for pushing refugee agenda ? 
  we can make that decision 5 yrs down the road . 
  why not keep a working man , give him the chance to ask for a permenant residence permit , or citizenship ( takes 8 yrs though ) . 
  otherwise : go back and build up your country . 
  not really , though i should have phrased that different . 
  its not as if it would be either or . 
  the surplus would possibly go to debt reductions or stupid political ideas , so this is put to good use without reducing anything else . . like science . 
  how many lifes saved those ? 
  mine . 
  and im ok with that . 
  yes . 
  though the origin if the name is different . 
  probably from dar , old word for oak and mont for mountain . 
  bargain . 
  its like on big charity . 
  can live with that . 
  redefine any nation . 
  what do you think happens afterwards if it would be 47/53 in favour of staying ? 
  productive cooperation or ongoing complaining ? 
  reunification of germany ( as said wars put aside ), 
  can not stay vs. can not enter, 
  you sir get an upvote . 
  probably lying ? 
  green . 
  i know that case . 
  had a friend living close . 
  thats why i said `` almost '' . 
  btw : court did not yet decide finally . 
  btw2 : watch the '' hearing '' it should be on youtube .
