  most just fall back to a national approach ... 
  iceland i assume . 
  although after the us navy moving in soon , they might reserve an icbm for reykjavik too . 
  so lanzarote , la reunion or guyana . 
  i never said that . 
  just genuinley interested in the number . 
  how many germans did they actually kill ? 
  they hadnt much opportunity to do so i assume . 
  edit : what is it with you ppl . 
  downvoting a question ? 
  ... wait for it ... 
  must have missed that somehow ;-), 
  bringing ? 
  its actually 60 % not 80 % . 
  and it turned just recently . 
  oh and about that wealth thing : thats bs . 
  damn . 
  need to pirate ;-), 
  that was a fine series . 
  do you produce an 3rd part ? 
  the disappointed ones . 
  formerly pulled then going back . 
  germany wouldnt fall back behind status quo ( or better up the status ) and france desperately looking for ways to cut down redtape . 
  so though messy the easiest way for france, 
  the `` high-speed '' europe would mean synchronising at least fiscal laws and most likely several work-related laws . 
  so it probably would be a major step forward for france . 
  vladimir paid himself i assume ;-), 
  ca n't go without the brothers from the other side of the rhine ... about italy ... well ... nah - you 're right . 
  jesus - now he 's from german descent ... embarassing ... 
  i think this is the only way forward . 
  well to be honest to some extent we are all responsible for these . 
  and i do n't talk about the colonism heritage of europe . 
  trade agreements where we as eu press countrys like kenia into submission ( everyone talks ttip , but kenia tried to fight our agreement for years - 2015 they lost and signed ) , support industries like flowergrowing in some of the most arid regions , outprice local farmers with subsidied products and wonder why they become desperate ... these are all reasons why civilizations are failing . 
  the western policy in mid-east are atrocious at best . 
  and we fail to see how big countries playing against a non-unified europe , which we also failed to unite for decades . 
  no visionaries , just small thinkers hoping for the next election in their small countries thinking hiding away will make things go away . 
  russia , china and the us all profit of a weak eu - and they are suceeding . 
  finally the moment when we throw our precious values overboard , which we earned by a ton of blood-shed between our nations , does not bring us any closer to solutions ... neither are they sustainable on a global level . 
  and as the liberals run out of answers we are again living in a time when simple answers trump ( hehe ) complicated approaches . 
  i for one choose to go the cynic way and will invest my money in water ... the oil of 21st century . 
  reminds me of this channel coming out of sweden ... besides username almost checks out : https://www.youtube.com/user/thelatsbrah, 
  arab visitors rose like 15 % or so ... we need tourist guides for the sheiks ;-), 
  definitley pre getrude bell/treaty of s\u00e8vres : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_s%c3%a8vres, 
  she 's single-handedly responsible for : * 60-70 mio immigrants `` on the move '' * shortage of water in africa * failing societies in erithrea , lybia , somalia , cfa ; etc. 
  * bombing of aleppo ... ojn a serious note : 20-25 % of the immigrants are `` pulled '' - rest is pushed . 
  is it the same as the radio maria consipiracy about the warsaw ghetto ? 
  ( as far as i remember they think it went on after the nazis left ), 
  is n't the `` right '' pretty obvious ? 
  sarkozy ... ... ... ( 8miles more to the right ) ... ... ... le pen, 
  m as in millions ? 
   ( tax-free ) wohooooo, 
  as of now i hardly think they would want german troops anywhere in poland - looking at the sentiment of especially polands gouvernment, 
  better use this link : http://www.mc.nato.int/org/smg/pages/snmg2.aspx the flagship ist currently the german supply-ship ;-), 
  index is down 3 . x % . 
  worst bank is banco bpi with 4 . x % . 
  if it would be a bank you would see it . 
  it 's probably just the reaction to their budget proposal ( declined by eu , refurbished , then accepted ) and the idea that `` the weakest goes to the wall '', 
  * nato 's standing maritime group 2 , which is under german command , will lead the operation in co-operation with greek and turkish coastguards . 
  read the text : * nato 's standing maritime group 2 , which is under german command , will lead the operation in co-operation with greek and turkish coastguards . 
  well it 's not canadas problem - but i still struggle to see any nation sending frontex-guards with the `` let them drown , or sink the boats - kill em either way '' order to greece . 
   though at least the gdr could control their borders . 
  uh yeah ... by building walls , mine fields and by shooting people ... 
  selling greek islands i assume ? 
  soooo ... what is romania doing ? 
  depends how far you wan na travel . 
  k\u00f6penick and spandau are probably some of the cheapest places in germany ... and accomodations are plentiful . 
  they say disagreeing is no reason to downvote and i did n't ... but that was really hard ... 
  probably try willy brandt if you want 20th century . 
  probably the cheapest of the 100 most expensive ... but you 're right . 
   the czech republic is going to be the first country to contemplate leaving the free-trade zone and imposing import taxes . 
  that ' ll help immensly in attracting new ( western ) investors and industry ;-) sometimes i wonder if you ever understood only the most basic mechanics of a globalized economy ... at 4.5 % unemployment the union 's leverage to raise wages should be pretty huge ... 
  neither was there hate , nor is a gouvernment a group that could be intimidated ... 
  ever heard the concept of `` incitement of hatred against groups '' ? 
  not even the us of a protects that . 
  yeah obviously its not ok to intimidate the most helpless ppl . 
  but gouvernment should get all the hits, 
  hurrdurr going to a foreign country attacking people ... 
  ever heard of this concept called `` freedom of speech '' ? 
  wonder if they forget about it ... 
  wprost did worse ... 
  wtf ? 
  german gloom deepens as industrial output shrinks we have bad news from germany -- industrial production at the eurozone 's powerhouse economy tumbled by 1.2 % in december . 
  that 's much worse than expected ; economists had pencilled in a 0.4 % rise in factory output . 
  it suggest the slowdown in emerging markets is now hitting europe , threatening its fragile recovery since the eurozone crisis . 
  the fall was driven by a 2.6 % slump in the manufacturing of investment goods , while energy production fell by 3 % percent and consumer goods output fell 1.4 % . 
  also today : german output -1.6 % in december german gloom deepens as industrial output shrinks we have bad news from germany -- industrial production at the eurozone 's powerhouse economy tumbled by 1.2 % in december . 
  that 's much worse than expected ; economists had pencilled in a 0.4 % rise in factory output . 
  it suggest the slowdown in emerging markets is now hitting europe , threatening its fragile recovery since the eurozone crisis . 
  the fall was driven by a 2.6 % slump in the manufacturing of investment goods , while energy production fell by 3 % percent and consumer goods output fell 1.4 % . 
  read his history - you probably can deduce from there : / u/ganymede07011610, 
  more like aig - merkel ( sch\u00e4uble ) would n't let deutsche fall . 
  but i think it 's not that bad - i will porbably buy some shares , if there 's a `` bottom-finding '' the coming days . 
  right now deutsche is valued less then 40 % of it 's book value ... ( even if the book value is 50 % risk it 's till a fair stockprice ), 
   the reason why the uk is seeking these reforms is to bring the uk system in line with other eu systems . 
  nah - to do this you would need to introduce a contribution based system - like 95 % of the developed world - where benefits depend on the time and share you paid into the system . 
  assyria alongside erdogans turkey ? 
  with what kind of leverage against the turks you thik this is even remotley possible ? 
  de nada - make of the information providced what you want ;-), 
  `` rock-solid '' : a message from john cryan to deutsche bank employees john cryan , co-ceo of deutsche bank , sent out the following message to the bank 's employees on february 9 , 2016 dear colleagues , when i first became your colleague and co-ceo seven months ago , i promised to increase communication from the management board to you . 
  i made clear that when we had something to communicate , i wanted you to hear about it first from us .
