  i too would gladly see the uk stay , but only if we would share the same goal . 
   he does n't speak for germany obviously not . 
  and as far as i remember there are roughly 40 % in germany favouring a `` federal european state '', 
  house of lannister ? 
  out ? 
  yes . 
  i would agree to your opinion and even signed my name below as another supporter of your statement . 
  / signed, 
   currently and we all agree that the current status is neither sustainable nor will it survive any more crisis . 
  the euro itself needs a follow-up integration and alligning of tax and financial laws . 
  then social systems - and there we are 85 % to a federal union . 
  so to me this is a one-way road ( and rightfully so as stated in the simple fact of `` ever closer '' ) . 
  that does not mean that it is the only road , or the best . 
  but either all together go that way or we dissolve the whole thing . 
  a `` downgrade '' to a simple `` common market '' just makes the whole thing void . 
   ambivalence yes - but to me it seems the uk is the only one outright against it on a broad majority basis . 
  do n't call me a noone , sir ;-), 
  what i mean is they would gladly dissolve themselves given the correct legal basis . 
  they are not an obstacle per se . 
  the eu does forbid unilateral trade agreements as far as i know . 
  hmmm just ask xi ping - i think his opinion is probably the most relevant . 
  ... based on existing contracts and chartas . 
  they just said `` look - if you want the union to be closer - make an according european contract/constitution - but not like this . '', 
  look - if you join a football club and demand the club should play cricket from tomorrow on - you better leave the club and join another , right ? 
   btw there are more countries against `` ever closer union '' yes - to a varying degree though . 
  and depending on the `` sentiment of the day '' . 
  if you ask the dutch right now they would probably be a little hesitant . 
  i think in most other nations the idea of `` superstate eu '' would be quite acceptable - if finally someone would fill this vision with colour . 
  we are missing the great europeans of former days ... stumbling from crisis to crisis . 
  and at that point it seems to me that the uk is different - the whole concept of the federation does n't work for them - not even in a more attractive version and without the crisis . 
  i mean most of europe can agree upon the fact that the eu is kind of `` stuck mid-way '' . 
  and it will not survive in this unfinished version . 
  so we need to either move ahead - or back . 
  if that 's is the difference between uk and mainland europe - so be it . 
  ca n't go both directions together . 
  since when is `` zero '' a positive number ? 
  which surplus they are talking about ? 
  the one that is handed out to mothers for staying home and pensioneers , 17 $ / head ? 
  before you post here `` demanding change '' or `` having no influence '' is seems to be a basic necessity to state if you support the `` ever closer union '' , or think of the eu as basically the efta . 
  because if your opinion differs at that point - any further discussion is mostly void , at least in the framework of the existing union and it 's goals . 
  it does not seem to be illegal . 
  but if you started as a politician who `` fights the banks '' and you are also part of the gouvernment negotiations about bailouts - while at the same time holding shares of those banks ( selling them a second before you would be forced to disclose them ) - you do not have any moral ground for your political program . 
  either way : history teaches us it is never a good idea to isolate a group , leave them to themselves and boredom ... even if they would leave in the future, 
  that 's why he sold his share the exact moment before he was needed to disclose this investment . 
  for 1 $ to his wife ... 
  just to add : here is a source as official as it gets ( stating 12bn $ in 1948 value ) https://history.state.gov/milestones/1945-1952/marshall-plan, 
   130 billion which is already updated to todays value - back then it was 12.3 bn . 
  so germany received 13bn ( roughly ) , which is ( without being a dick ) a little less then germany pays today , and a little bit more then poland receives today/year . 
  any project with eu-funds have to undergo an explicit procurement process with according compliance ( including several comparable offers , european-wide ) . 
  if that is not realized the money can be withdrawn at any point . 
  some would argue that the us received access to patents worth a lot more then this - and the money paid to western germany was a loan ( which was signifantly reduced later - but still ), 
  funny that a polish denounces the sucess of its country and now a german defends it : i know a lot polish people and have a high level of respect for their work ethic and sense of practism . 
  just please do n't go full pis ;-), 
  i feal you . 
  it just makes me sad all the scapegoating ... 
  `` you '' is you too ... 
  you can take poland out of opression , but not opression out of polish ! - ), 
  dont kill the messanger . 
  the message is still valid . 
  yes - but you are out at that point :p so the question if it is called `` western '' or `` northern '' depends on the remaining members ... and they are more likely `` northern ( - ish ) '', 
   sovereign nation you are the eu . 
  why ca n't anyone just realize that ? 
  it 's not a `` foreign power '' trying to destabilize another country . 
  it 's a supranational organization you joined and agreed upon it 's rules that pis is close to violating them . 
  it 's the club you joined telling you to accept the house rules . 
  if you do n't like the rules - leave the club !, 
   sabotaging that 's called `` opposition '' - it is an essential part of democracy . 
  and i somehow remember that all 51 were voted - that is also a part of democracy . 
  if you want to `` replace '' them when a new polish parliament was voted ... then we call that `` totalitarian system '' . 
  maybe syria would be your place to be in this case ... they `` voted '' just yesterday !, 
  the manufacturer and the dealer both have the interest of seeing this negotiation to end and the maximum price though ... 
  the word `` reputable '' is the one completely ruining your example . 
  and to give the same answer to you as above - dumped down to your example . 
  why the fuck does the car manufacturer and the car dealer - who are both in no way part of this negotiation - have full clearance and are the only ones present at the negotiation besides th buyer and the seller ? 
  i honestly agree with you on that ... but why do all the industry lobbyist have full access , while the national politician has restricted access ? 
  it seems like the wrong parties are included in this negotiation - and at that point full transparency would just be a logical step . 
  that would be `` gro\u00dfdeutschland '' ... and the expression is kind of loaded ;-), 
  that you dutch folks suck at planting tulips and polish can do more better much !, 
  we gon na call it gnep ( glorious northern european paradise ) with milk , honey , hookers and blow . 
  and then let 's see who does not want to join us ;-), 
  kind of another discussion - but personally i would like to see the uk leave - just because it would once and for all clarify this `` different understanding '' and give a real-life show case . 
  not even sure if it would be bad or good for the uk - most likely it would not change all to much ( and gurantee a majority complaining one year later either way ) . 
  it would also define that the `` reluctant '' way the eu does progress now ( 1 step ahead , 1.05 steps back ) has come to an end and alternative designs can be developed - like setting up a small europe , which may become the core for a future europe . 
  which one is german owned and how much market share it has ? 
  and was bound for `` ever closer union '' - but we know you happen to `` overlooked '' that one some years ago ;-), 
   what 's the point of having public tv that 's anti government anyway ? 
  ... speechless ... nonetheless - do you mind explaining how a loyal tv station , which obviously shapes the public opinion and seems to have a major influence is at the same time a german media outlet lobbying berlin 's `` secret agenda '' ? 
  did n't pis just place loyal members as heads in all major tv stations ? 
   oh sorry for hurting your feelings . 
  nah do n't worry . 
  simple minds often look for guidance where simple answers can be provided . 
  and if berlin as the predator works for you to live more happily ? 
  go on and lead a happy life . 
  none of this was part of the question though . 
  obviously a majority thinks that pis was wrong about their policy towards the constitutional court - which was the same statement the eu parliament gave . 
  and it 's hard to believe that this changed over the course of a month ... 
  some guys really comfort themselves in the role of a victim ... 
  do you per chance mix up `` germany '' and the `` eu '' ? 
  you realize that the more polish members/capita sit in the parliament than germans ? 
  you realize that pis itself asked for an `` evaluation '' ?
