  ( and greeceis probably the best example here ), 
  last try : you argued that a weak currency would bring greece to polands level . 
  poland competitivness does not only derive from currency , but from wages . 
  saying this is unrelated is actually of no substance . 
  well ... he reacts to the demands of the electorate . 
  shipping more taxpayers money to greece is a death sentence for any political party . 
  ( and is also in any other country that ios on the hook too . 
  watch netherlands and finland ), 
  the qeustion remains : `` how to move forward from here '' ? 
  germany can ( and should ) increase domestic demand . 
  infrastructure-projects keep being delayed , wages moderate ( which can only be influenced indirectly by the state ... besides reducing taxes ) . 
  that 's not going to be enough . 
  we could increase transfers ... or finally establish transfer-union . 
  bute we do not trust the receivers ... we need way more responsibility/oversight there before that would happen . 
  greece is the prime example of that `` moral hazard '' ... before coming close to a default . 
  the discussion is the same in any union ( us states vs. federal gouvernment ; german states net payers vs. net recievers . 
  berlin and bavaria are constantly fighting over this ) . 
  much more so if the question of common debt ( eurobonds ) arise . 
  then we need to harmonize taxes and social insurances ... the fiscal union . 
  and that will still not be enough ... because when we realize that cheap labour is at it 's end anyway ( bacuse machines doin the job ) ... we need different approaches . 
  go back to economics 101 . 
  ok surplus - which contradicts your argument even further : * goods to the value of eur 441.8 billion ( +1.8 percent ) were dispatched to the euro area countries in 2016 , while the value of the goods received from those countries was eur 428.9 billion ( +0.7 percent ) . 
  * that 's an intra-eurozone surplus of 12.9 bn . 
  * exports of goods to countries outside the european union ( third countries ) amounted to eur 499.6 billion in 2016 , while imports from those countries totalled eur 322.1 billion . 
  * that 's an outofeurope surplus of 177,5 bn . 
  in other words : germany does import enourmous amounts of money from outside the eurozone into the eurozone . 
  ( this btw . 
  does not include the non-euro eu-countries ), 
   feasibily try to enter this market the barriers to enter this market besides the currency disadvantage would lead to noone trying it ... even with drachmea . 
   the solutions usually are : extreme mobility , or significant fiscal transfers between the areas absolutely correct . 
  both exist ... although not sufficient . 
  on a side note : the `` extreme mobility '' has negative effects : brain drain . 
   greek exporter can not compete on what field exactly would he compete ? 
  machinery ? 
  cars ? 
  weapons ? 
   but poland also does n't . 
  they also have almost 2.000 $ less avg . 
  income/capita ... 
  that used to be the afd-position of the founders before they all went right-wing nuts . 
  true to some degree . 
  but as you mentioned the prerequisite would be to compete on the same product range . 
  and mostly they do not ( portugal vs. germany ) . 
  there are almost no products where the `` higher quality same price '' example is a real alternative . 
  it 's mostly eg japanes vs. german machinery ... and in this case the purchase of a german one brings surplus to the euro_zone . 
   it is not the only contributor of success of the german state , but the current design of euro favors enormously the most competitive economies that happen to be the northern european ones . 
  and yes that 's a fact ( although as i stated i would n't call roughly 30 % `` enourmous '' ) . 
  that 's why there have been net transfers established to balance and build up weak economies ... which did work quite well in recent decades ( as one can see from spain to poland ) , but has obviously it 's shortcomings and faults . 
  i did correct my comment therefore . 
  still surplus outside the eruozone is bigger than inside . 
  almost always into europe ... along with the gulf stream . 
  you are correct ... because i made a typo . 
  the exports to countries inside the euro-zone are lower than the rest : * 707.9 billion to the member states of the european union * 441.8 billion to the euro area countries * 499.6 billion to countries outside the european union ... so point still valid, 
  the idea to go `` full-left '' for one voting period seems more and more reasonable . 
   without the euro the import would be much more expensive . 
  i thought we are talking about a euro that is `` too cheap '' ??? 
  so with a `` deutschmark '' the imports would cost us a fraction ... like oil , gas , copper , aluminium , + another thousand raw materials we do not own and that are denominated in $, 
  i would bet immense amounts of money that this wo n't happen . 
   pretty happy about the state of things most surveys show that they are very unhappy at least with the close to zero interest rate . 
   works wonders for german economy yes it does contribute to success ( i remember a study which said around 30 % of the export surplus is caused by a weak euro )  holds back the rest of the euro zone this though is an overblown statement ... as the main surplus comes from countries outside the ~ ~ eu ~ ~ eurozone ... which actually does support the euro zone . 
  well - if you call contributing 16bn ( net ) `` leeching '' than you did not understand that term . 
  it 's a valid debate ... just not with that attitude . 
  it 's not true that trump removed either the bust of churchill , or martin luther king . 
  true is they both tried to escape . 
  ... and it 's posted for the 1.255.323 time ;-), 
   they provide in winter in general . 
  it 's called `` dunkelflaute '' ( literally darkcalm ) - no sun , no wind  coal and nuclear do not forget natural gas, 
  this is kind of confusing . 
  c ( iwf ) does have most likely a separate agenda on it 's own . 
  which at least to some part disqualifies this counselor role . 
  then again a ( greece ) has cheated to begin with and b ( roe ) is on a kind of revenge trip . 
   admitted all those respnsible have left office before this became a problem . 
  and to be honest ... too late to discuss what should have been done . 
   especially because they are getting tired of european dominance of the institution . 
  was n't there the agreement iwf gets european when worldbank gets us executives ? 
  ( or something like this ), 
  for the `` fast-voter '' . 
  detail is important . 
  it says `` have left '' it does not imply `` should leave '' . 
  therefore i quote the following : * the interesting question is if the logic still holds today . 
  on the one hand , the economy has stopped shrinking . 
  but it also has n't been growing , and there do n't appear to be any policy changes on the horizon that might meaningfully tackle the massive shortfall in greek domestic spending and unemployment . 
  the imf would never suggest greece leave now , given the preponderance of european votes on the board of directors , but its latest analysis hints at some interesting ideas . 
  the real issue is mobile providers . 
  close to border it kept switching providers and they suddenly are in a roaming connection ... 
  did n't they introduce special contracts for them ? 
  it 's a nice movie ... but the actor is terrible ... it always seemed as if a 3rd grade afternoon-show host stumbled into a movieset, 
  i ca n't possibly comment on such a thing as occupying poland ... at least not before they attack a radio station ( well ... today a windmill would be ok too i guess ), 
  there is hope where women find common ground . 
   michiel de ruyter here watch the movie : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2544766/, 
  love thy neighbour day ? 
  it 's a nice story - and much more likeable than any other 's country `` outsider '' politicians that came/might come to power . 
  but there are questions left : - macron is not really a lefty . 
  au contraire ( although left of the french left is probably only communism ... ) . 
  which opens up the question how the two of them will unite in politics . 
  french get foreign politics , we get domestic . 
  should work ;-), 
  to qutoe from the concept : * this idea envisaged that `` core europe '' would have a `` centripetal effect * ... it might be centrifugal though ... 
  as in any contract a drop-out goes probably along with some fee ... cause some may have planned a project with different setup . 
  im sure we do pay the us .
