  nice job ... barbarians ... 
  why ? 
  because you all signed the un charta ... 
  for all the hate we get from our friednly european neighbours , that do not seem to understand that `` solidarity '' part of eu ( while greece and italy are very quit , i could live with some aknowdlegement from there btw ) , we should maybe just shut down borders and enforce dublinii for a few weeks ... austria , hungary , czech republic would suddenly find themselves in a somewaht different situation . 
  btw the fact that dublinii is ignored is because we ca n't sedn them back . 
  the situation has been declared `` inhuman '' in all 1st-entry states , which is absolutely against the law ... all laws from eu to greek/italian/hungarian , un and international law . 
  just because every other nation thinks they can behave like barbarians towards refugees should n't be an excuse - we should sue them all before the european court . 
  ... jesus boy are you ignorant ... 
  hehe just read it and edit my answer above . 
  that really is a til, 
  that actually is in norway ... btw : there is a conspiracy of `` hidden nazis in neuschwabenland '' ... : https://de.scribd.com/doc/25311/hitlers-antarctic-base-the-myth-and-the-reality, 
  not me doing the arguments . 
  but according to reddit its probably `` australia model '' towing back to lybia . 
  correct . 
  but according to math : if one part increases exponentialy , the sum of all parts will not increase linear , no matter how small the part ;-), 
  on an american level i would say ;-), 
  probably more , as africa will double it 's inhabitants till 2040 . 
  function is not linear , but exponentiell . 
  i could n't be more subtle ... that 's why you get your referendum . 
  sharing rights along with responsibilities did n't seem to work with the uk for a time now . 
  i actually always wonder why noone seems to want to go to switzerland ? 
  european question demands european answers . 
  we either could all decide to shut down the borders ( and help italy , greece and hungary to do so ... with all these problematic approaches that come along ) or not ... and share responsibility . 
  as long as the uk is part of europe , the border of uk is south of sicily !, 
  hehe no comments allowed on telegraph ... would have loved to read those ... 
  sure - should we let them rot on the streets ? 
  you do n't have asylum regulations ? 
  i mean you do have a seat at the un , right ? 
  if all you offer is nothing and shut yourself of europe ... you can also leave . . 
  overly generous ? 
  they receive 3 $ / day ... 
  `` splendid isolation '' . 
  keep going guys, 
  i know ... i do share this experience ... 
  only 50 % of shanghai though ;-), 
  yes i did see that , though not on this distinction you described . 
  one friend especially , highly intellectual , phd , surprised me . 
  everyone one i know is for earliest possible deportation of all ex-yugoslavia `` refugees '' , which are almost 60 % . 
  noone would deny a syrian refugee asylum . 
  many think the influx of people with ancient value sets , mostly influenced by islam is dangerous , integration difficult . 
  not that they think its the majority , but it poses a potential threat . 
  and also all agree germany as a whole need immigration . 
  i guess for most it is `` lets take the refugees in as europe and distribute them on fair basis . 
  we as germans are aware that we can handle the biggest share '' `` if not : well fuck it , close the borders . 
  much luck to austria and italy '' in the end one thing becomes more and more obvious . 
  the continous influx of millions/year into the eu cant be handled for ever . 
  the humanistic idea of asylum is close to its end ... 
  while the situation in germany will become unsustainable ( even vice-chancelor confirmed ) it is very much a question of `` who owns the narrative '' . 
  and the national news have now probably 20 % of immigration stories . 
  so yes , the welcome will run out , some places sooner , some later . 
  civilians ? 
  wait for trump ;-), 
  let 's agree that there was kind of a middle part . 
  oh so we are on a `` take leadership '' day . 
  is the `` 4th reich '' day tomorrow ? 
  i keep getting confused . 
  what do you think would happen if of all countries germany comes up with the `` shut down borders '' idea ? 
  finally the sleepers awakened !, 
  stalingrad was the end of the beginning . 
  kursk more the beginning of the end . 
  let 's stick for the sad . 
  if you do n't mind the german soldiers , mind the russian civilians that died . 
  did the pope react ? 
  i remember him being explicitly against the mafia . 
  next stop is kufstein . 
  probably austria as of now . 
  if need be : http://www.amazon.com/congo-the-epic-history-people/dp/0062200119 very good book , although massive . 
  you skipped congo ? 
  really ? 
  trade works without unfair competition ... so like without 1tn subsidies towards agricultural products . 
  we destroy their markets . 
  we fuck up their economies . 
  did you know that exported chicken ( not the breast , because that 's what we eat ) are cheaper in africa then their own ? 
  the fishing industry fucks theirs ( watch darwins nightmare for the victoria lake example ) . 
  flower production subsidized by eu fucks their water consumption . 
  nigeria is basically shell-funded . 
  shell used to have a standing army there . 
  there are hundreds of examples how we profit . 
  with greenland probably the biggest colonial landmass of all . 
  could we stop that ? 
  1988 they stopped for quite a time after ramstein : https://youtu.be/mg1f3ukuxyi, 
  no easy ways in modern world . 
  sinking boats is a way too easy for me . 
  edit : btw i do have an opinion : asylum/immigration - solution-discussion ... because everybody keeps yelling `` noone can discuss this '' i want to try/start it here . 
  please come up with solutions ... not with `` never gon na happen '' - attitude . 
  if noone wants to get into the discussion - thread will just fade away . 
  my turn : * introduce `` fast-track '' asylum , pre-decision withing 4 weeks , option to repeal . 
  * stop `` duldung '' ( declined asylumseekers still able to stay ) * make the different tracks to stay permeable . 
  so eg accepted asylum seeker can switch to education or work permit visa , without going back to his country of origin ( that 's some stupid shit ) * introduce quota european-wide , abolish dublinii * if quota is unacceptable for a country - make them pay * set a max allowance for refugees . 
  * introduce a ferry cross med-sea accepting asylum seeker ( up to said cap allowance ) after pre-scanning their asylum-chances . 
  * buy-out some small land-strip in egypt/lybia to establish the ferry . 
  * rescued ( yes we still rescue them ) people on sea will be brought to said ferry-harbour . 
  the country where it is placed will get paid for that . 
  * do something similar on the major land-route . 
  * set-up a quota system for non-asylum seeking immigrants . 
  let each country decide what attributes they favour and what are the minimum levels they want to accept - make it adoptable . 
  * for germany : define several areas where a asylum-seekers hub can be placed ( rural area ) and help them with full educational , medical and integration support . 
  basically set-up towns of asylum-seekers where there is space , but do n't let them form their own micro-culture bubble . 
  just top of my mind . 
  for one it would have helped to not bomb the shit out of the country and then leave ... second : do you understand the concept of asylum and refugees ?
