  that is why i am writing to you today . 
  last week , at one of our scheduled off-sites , the management board talked about progress on our strategy , and how recent market volatility and forecasts for slowing economic growth might impact our clients and us . 
  volatility in the fourth quarter impacted the earnings of most major banks , especially those in europe , and clients may ask you about how the market-wide volatility is impacting deutsche bank . 
  ** you can tell them that deutsche bank remains absolutely rock-solid ** , given our strong capital and risk position . 
  on monday , we took advantage of this strength to reassure the market of our capacity and commitment to pay coupons to investors who hold our additional tier 1 capital . 
  this type of instrument has been the subject of recent market concern . 
  the market also expressed some concern about the adequacy of our legal provisions but i do n't share that concern . 
  we will almost certainly have to add to our legal provisions this year but this is already accounted for in our financial plan . 
  the management board also discussed its vision for the bank . 
  for us , a vision defines our aspiration for the bank , and what we want it to be . 
  it 's important because it creates clarity of purpose and unites all of us in achieving common and worthy goals . 
  our vision is to be a trusted and successful bank . 
  we aim to deliver financial solutions , technology , products and services that exceed our clients ' expectations . 
  we want to be the most respected financial services provider across all customer segments in germany , our vital and strong home market ; the number one bank for our corporate , institutional and fiduciary clients in europe ; and the best foreign bank in the united states and asia . 
  we are achieving our vision in a number of ways , including : first , we are investing in hiring more people in equity sales and research to serve our clients ' needs and to regain our leadership in the equities markets . 
  second , we are investing in bringing on board some talented senior bankers into corporate & investment banking . 
  third , we are investing in client-facing technology , particularly in our retail banking and asset management businesses . 
  finally , i am personally investing time to resolve successfully and speedily open regulatory and legal cases . 
  i want to remove the uncertainty among staff and in the market that these cases cause . 
  a small group of senior people , led by me , will focus on this . 
  for everyone else , we ask you to continue to focus on our clients and on the implementation of our strategy . 
  in the weeks ahead , my colleagues on the management board will update you on a number of topics , including customer focus , the work we 're doing on costs , and our priorities for developing employees . 
  we want to make transparent where we are in our strategic efforts . 
  this will add to accountability and help track progress . 
  we want to hear from you too . 
  what are clients telling you ? 
  how do you think we should build a better deutsche bank ? 
  as ever , please contact me directly via the feedback tool on our intranet . 
  on behalf of the entire management board , thank you for your ongoing hard work . 
  let 's all work together to support this vision . 
  yours sincerely , john cryan https://www.db.com/newsroom_news/2016/ghp/a-message-from-john-cryan-to-deutsche-bank-employees-0902-en-11392.htm, 
  jesus fucking christ - i will loose my fucking temper just reading your notorious bullshit . 
  why the fuck do n't you just immigrate out of the eu . 
  and again - as a non-euro country romania can do whatever romania wants to budget-wise . 
  go bring your currency interest rates down to the eurto-level - complain after ( reference : lei = 1.75 % ), 
  ok - heard about it , understand the meme - still no connection to the thread ... 
  huh ? 
  sure you hit the right thread ? 
  besides that : does not make much sense in any thread . 
  i fully understand your reasoning in the : * so reasons : eurobonds and the * * so * reasons : unified regulations , european audits of local administrations , etc. 
  that is a fine joke sir - have an upvote, 
  absolutely nothing ... drowning in corruption and the beginning of the holocaust is ... just missing words ... 
  release the kraken ? 
  depends on who closes next . 
  romania , ukraine , poland then trying to cross seems a viable way ... 
  when the border gets closed ( and at this point its a question of when , not if ) all hell will break loose . 
  2014/15 at least 2-3 boats flipped with 500 + ppl ... 
  my guess would be close to 10k, 
  ever saw jelzin drunk ? 
  it was worse back then . 
  dont think so . 
  the push factor is much stronger then the pull factor . 
  while 17 other countries disagree, 
  elser was living in a rural place . 
  he was alone . 
  and he had the foresight that hitler would be germanys downfall ... in 1939 . 
  one resistance story stands out , though he just tried to kill hitler and therefore wasnt awarded : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/johann_georg_elser, 
  https://youtu.be/gwgistpkcdk . 
  85 % chance to a follow-up referndum if uk leaves the eu . 
  just wait till brexit ... 
  ah i see - again at it . 
  you seem as much a single-topic poster as the afd is a single topic party . 
  you are literally the fn of reddit . 
  something a french and a german can always agree upon : it 's the uk 's fault !, 
  neither would any other sane country . 
  you would n't even send the l\u00e9gion \u00e9trang\u00e8re, 
  no really ... more living space in the east would be necessary sooner or later , right guys ? 
  right ? 
  ahahahahahahahahahahaha ... . what a shitshow, 
  not sure about your `` german '' experience . 
  there are probably some `` sensitive '' areas . 
  one of my favourites would be : `` if germans would ever do a demonstration on a train station they would buy a ticket first '', 
  nah not really . 
  its too innocent for that . 
  no problem ... they should join eurozone ... 
  problem solved, 
  this is an unrelated topic you based an undercomplex opinion on . 
  if it works for you ... fine . 
  * united states workers - $ 2 trillion not reported to irs, 
  the uk shopuld give up it 's resistance to further integration to then make it 's weight count ... but it 's a fundementally different view ... therefore no sense in arguing . 
  it underperforms , because there are some players involved that constantley try to not let it become any stronger ... which is the uk . 
  strange argument ... 
  confirmed : merkel soon to become the hulk, 
  there are several universities and companies that still serve beer in vending machines in germany ... no schools though . 
  that 's an educated view , if i ever saw one ... 
  nope - i think it will probably come to you sooner or later ... the more you realize , that being successful on a global market always means a mixture of civilizations . 
  the last 3 companies i worked for i did 30 % of conversations/meetings/presentations in english . 
  i work with probably 25 different nationalities - not only europeans , i like having a turkish grocery shop , an afghan restaurant , a arab hairdresser - it 's normal . 
  it will become normal too in east europe ... maybe just later . 
  it also might relate to the fact that germans travel the hell out of the world ... 
  fine thx ... i supressed several romanians today , exploited the southern european countries , did a nice welcoming party for some syrians and ... still answered to you . 
  it 's an eu statistic ... it uses the same method in every country ... 
  skoda has 25k ppl employed , probably the same number at suppliers . 
  50k is a lot - but is it that important ? 
  do n't feed him ... check his history , he really has a hard on `` german enslaves us , gibs money here not refugees '', 
  on spiegel.de ( german most popular news website ) we had the top 4 stories , on guardian.co.uk even a live blog . 
  best story : `` a coin did decide '' ... wtf democracy ? 
  of sorts . 
  for one they dont get cash now . 
  depending on the parts that are included in the concept , healthcare could be one `` net '' .
