  then it hit me and only after that i remembered the stereotype . 
  yeah - i got the local competition thing . 
  and i guess no more national health insurance on the world is still paying teeth at the full ... but still : those are an awful lot of bad teeth in this video . 
  nice one . 
  problems though : * grandparents did build their house in 1948 * half of the people in the video doe actually have no teeths at all ... might be solvable nowadays . 
  are there no dentists ? 
  or does the nhs not pay enough ? 
  why is that ? 
  honestly : that 's not butt hurt - that is common sense . 
  why should the uk be able to keep influencing the rules of the club they voted to leave ? 
  what is it with these teeth ? 
  i mean - it was supposed to be a clichee , right ? 
  * it will be up to juncker to decide which portfolio to give king on the commission , but politico reports cameron is keen for king to be in charge of environment policy . 
  his predecessor lord hill held the finance brief . 
  uuuuuh ... the comments ... hurting, 
  i did get why hill resigned - that 's why i totally not get why the uk should drive or would have something even remotely valuable to say about financial stability , financial services and capital markets union . 
  or in other words : ** why the fuck should a brit manage the financial policies of the eu now ??? 
  ** ** edit : as i understand king will not take over the same resort , but rather a different one ... but still !, 
  read all of it . 
  its not cherry picking, 
   figure 3 shows that ** 71 percent of those most in favour of the death penalty indicated in 2015 that they would vote to leave the eu . 
  ** this falls to 20 percent among those most opposed to capital punishment . 
  a similar picture results for other rwa questions such as the importance of disciplining children . 
  rwa is only tangentially related to demographics . 
  education , class , income , gender and age play a role , but explain less than 10 percent of the variation in support for the death penalty . 
   karen stenner , author of the authoritarian dynamic , argues that people are divided between those who dislike difference -- signifying a disordered identity and environment -- and those who embrace it . 
  the former abhor both ethnic and moral diversity . 
  many see the world as a dangerous place and wish to protect themselves from it . 
   pat dade at cultural dynamics has produced a heat map of the kinds of values that correspond to strong euroscepticism , and to each other . 
  this is shown in figure 4 . 
  ** disciplining children and whipping sex criminals ( circled ) , keeping the nation safe , protecting social order and skepticism ( ` few products live up to the claims of their advertisers ... products do n't last as long as they used to ' ) correlate with brexit sentiment . 
  ** these attitude dimensions cluster within the third of the map known as the ` settlers ' , for whom belonging , certainty , roots and safety are paramount . 
  this segment is also disproportionately opposed to immigration in virtually every country dade has sampled . 
  by contrast , people oriented toward success and display ( ` prospectors ' ) , or who prioritise expressive individualism and cultural equality ( ` pioneers ' ) voted remain . 
  when `` european president '' is as much a mighty post as `` european foreign minister '' than definitley not . 
  what 's the angle ? 
  russian rich expats ? 
  tourism ? 
  some exports ? 
   we get more flexibility than most countries because we have more to offer . 
  that 's how the world works . 
  no it 's not - and now please list all the `` opt-outs '' the biggest contributor has received ? 
  thx, 
  we are tyskland !!!, 
  they will get hammered . 
  like fraisl, 
  nah - actually its 52 france :48 german, 
  its like brexit ... 48:52 ... unsure which is what, 
   there was little good to say about the eu noone wanted to ...  i think it was the correct decision . 
  no regrets . 
  that was already obvious, 
  so - like the patriot system in poland ? 
  so - like the patriot system in poland ? 
  is n't that like ... a defensive weapon system ? 
  foreign legion - fighting at dien bien phu, 
  ok - no sunburn ? 
  impressive - nonetheless this trend will last not too much longer . 
  no workers = no need to go where cheap labour is . 
  nah - the remaining costs for production are : * energy * access to qualified personal to manage robots * stability from these it would favour iceland tbh . 
   soon it will be european countries offering mad tax breaks to the car manufacturers in the uk which we do n't own ( nissan , honda , land rover etc ) all being offered deals you leave and the worst part is ... they will . 
  good bye 250k direct jobs plus the supporting industries ... 
  i can give you some positive perspective on that one . 
  tax breaks on human work will not be the deciding factor to relocate those factories , as most of them will run on automation more and more - so there is just no incentive to even move them . 
  nonetheless they will obviously be moved , because the uk is not in the single market anymore . - but they will move it just back to the owners country ... 
  it 's even more simple : 80 % of uk 's exports are either `` services '' ( as mostly in financial stuff ) or oil ... none of these goods exports are very sensitive to it 's export prices ... 
   the bank of england is supposed to come out with is annual report in some days ? 
  that was yesterday : http://www.businessinsider.de/bank-of-england-july-financial-stability-report-brexit-eu-referendum-2016-7?r=uk&amp;ir=t tl ; dr : '' `` the current outlook for uk financial stability is challenging '', 
  https://twitter.com/birdyword/status/750371575690567680 `` over 70 % of ftse 100 revenues are raised outside uk and the decline in sterling mechanistically raises their share price '', 
  is coming on, 
  some longer term facts from bank of new york mellon 's simon derrick : * at the time of the nixon shock in august 1971 the price of gbp was usd 2.4195 . 
  * the average price for gbp since the nixon shock is usd 1.7452 ( as of yesterday morning ) . 
  * the average price for gbp since the plaza accord of september 1985 is usd 1.6420 ( as of yesterday morning ) . 
  * the average price for gbp since the end of the financial crisis in 2008 is usd 1.5673 ( as of yesterday morning ) . 
  * other than during 1984 and 1985 , the lowest daily close recorded prior to the uk referendum was usd 1.3725 on 11 june , 2001 . 
  * the ice europe gbp 3-month bba libor september interest rate future has risen by 27 bp since june 21 . 
  * the yield gap between a one-year gbp deposit and a one-year usd deposit now stands at -51 bp , the worst level in at least thirty four years ( reuters data stretches back to january 1982 ) . 
  * the yield gap between 2-year uk and us government paper stands at close to its least supportive levels for gbp in over twenty years ( reuters data stretches back to 1992 ) . 
  * the last time that gbp traded around current levels against the usd was late june 1985 . 
  at the time the one-year yield gap stood at 528 bp in favour of gbp . 
  * gbp spent from early july and late august 1984 trading between usd 1.30 and usd 1.34 . 
  when it finally resumed its downtrend at the very end of august it took a further six months for it to reach its recorded all-time closing low of usd 1.0520 ( there remains some good natured debate amongst long standing members of the fx markets of what the absolute low actually was ) . 
  this was a 19 % decline . 
  at time that gbp resumed its downtrend in august 1984 the one-year yield gap stood at 109 bp in favour of gbp . 
  by the point gbp hit its all-time closing low the yield gap stood at 295 bp in favour of gbp . 
  * during gbp 's decline against the usd in 1981 and then again in both 1992 and 2008 , the currency managed to lose 25 % or more over a six month period . 
  * the peak to trough decline in gbp against the usd in 1992/3 was 29 % . 
  the peak to trough decline in gbp in 2007/2008 against the usd was 34 % . 
  * a peak to trough decline of 29 % in gbp in the current downtrend would take it to usd 1.22 . 
  a 34 % decline would take it to usd 1.1350 . 
  * the highest closing price for one-year at-the-money implied volatility for gbp/usd since 1995 ( according to reuters data ) was 19.5 % . 
  this was reached in november 2008 . 
  it closed at 13 % in early april of this year . 
  well - by doing so the eu would have a leverage to kick the uk out - for breaching the contracts ... so everything has a bright side ;-), 
  3 : http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36715806 a pattern forms . 
  ever been to a club in frankfurt ? 
  one with bankers ? 
  kamehameha or halle der helden used to be easy access . 
  i imagine this remains in other clubs . 
  better watch it before anyone takes it down ... `` gove would start 3 wars at once '' `` i think neither johnson nor leadson have been in favour for brexit '', 
  it adds to the picture while yes it is far from armageddon .
