  lybia is an unfriendly civilwar zone . 
  kind of impossible to `` bring them back '' there, 
  well . 
  you can vote on not accepting refugees at all . 
  which would be equivelent to leaving the eu . 
  so there is that . 
  so lets work out a european one . 
  and distribute those who got accepted based on a european refugee status . 
  oh ok . sending them back to greece and italy worked quite well the last yrs . 
  when there is a passport control there is an option to claim asylum . 
  so the damaskus-frankfurt flight would be perfect . 
  its just that no such flight exists ... 
  so the 2 parts of a solution should be sealing the european borders and fairly distributing refugees behind the wall of europe , incl . 
  taking some in and financing the camps outside . 
  seems the best that could be done , besides ending the war in syria . 
  / signed, 
  main reason why merkel just visited erduan ... 
  see ? 
  you said eu ... not germany . 
  money ... 
  the `` invite '' argument seems like a typical mixing of cause and result . 
  even if she hadnt said anything and not taken in the hungarian refugees the problem would exist ... at least on 80 % the numbers . 
  no support for them . 
  and if picked up we just return them . 
  as this thread will soon become a germany-bashing cesspit , i 'd like to propose going back to the official regulations and join the `` not our problem '' club . 
  almost all refugees arriving in germany came through a save country-therefore we just send them back to austria , hungary , greece , italy , slovenia . 
  dublin2 reinstalled . 
  after that we just wait till some other nation feels the urge to talk about the issue on a european level . 
  figured it out years ago ... just not a popular thing to propose ... 
  btw : * prof. meir litvak , a historian at tel aviv university , called the speech `` a lie '' and `` a disgrace . '' prof. moshe zimmermann , a specialist of german history at hebrew university , said , `` with this , netanyahu joins a long line of people that we would call holocaust deniers . '' *, 
  am400 needed ... 
  im german . 
  which means i 've been spoonfed with all the history for years . 
  the moment `` mass-extermination '' was probably the wannsee-conference , which is protocolled . 
  no muslim attended ... 
  netanjahu ... holocaust denier ... 
  thats what i said ... as long as you are not suggesting to reopen auschwitz you 'll be fine . 
  its a difference between suggesting to reopen the kzs and stating the fact that you do not welcome any more refugees . 
  the line isnt even thin ... its a brickwall of a line . 
  a male and female cousin were studying respectively civil engineering and medicine in aleppo ( now reduced to a pile of rubble ) and raqqah , the current capital of is . 
  did you actually read this ? 
  : ... a male and female cousin were studying respectively civil engineering and medicine in aleppo ( now reduced to a pile of rubble ) and raqqah , the current capital of is . 
  and to give you an impression of aleppo : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1q60ybqg8xi, 
  time are changing - keep up with it ;-), 
  germany did that just last week btw . 
  5 boats ... in 2 years ... to indonesia ( which is unlike lybia not a war torn country ) ... ca n't see much applicable learnings there ... 
  every country that promises better living conditions then croatia is a pull factor . 
  sweden , finnland , france , germany , austria , switzerland , uk , netherlands , belgium ... 
  gas ? 
  i know . 
  thats why you still drive suvs like theres no tomorrow . 
  thats also why unethical me owns oil stocks . 
  close to 90 % tax . 
  and compared to rest of europe ... avg . 
  pricing, 
  read up ... they use an uninhabited island on australian soil . 
  they dont ship them back into a war zone ... 
  1,30 e10 : http://www.clever-tanken.de/statistik/historie/super-e10, 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/mediterranean-migrant-crisis-libya-will-repel-any-military-action-from-the-eu-to-stop-people-10282880.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nanuchka-class_corvette, 
  main difference : even building a 16ft fence does not kill people when they try to climb . 
  sinking boats do . 
  all good and fair - but you missed the last question . 
  what exactly would you tell the soldier , when : * ship is sinking . 
  do you let them board yours ? 
  * lybian boats deny entry into lybian port . 
  do you force entry ? 
  * lybian torpedo boats attacking . 
  sink them ? 
  * docked at lybian port - refugees deny leaving the ship . 
  push them overboard ? 
  * 600 refugees rioting on your frigate . 
  shoot them ? 
  that would actually be one way . 
  lease some sqkm from egypt eg and put it there - also include a ferry line for `` accepted '' ones . 
  so which politican has the guts to propose something like this and not say `` build fence - problem moves south '', 
  in lower silesia ? 
  where ? 
  how ? 
  how much ? 
  correct - but try to discuss this with either one of the `` formal lybian gouvernment '' ... 
  uh yes - it 's called the `` pacific solution '' . 
  they ship them to a remote australian island and process their requests . 
  we would need a `` detention center '' on an uninhabited island in europe . 
  do n't get me wrong - most of these concepts are probably based on the correct intention - but they are just not practical . 
  your proposal means either killing refugees , or docking in a civil war zone with 600ppl onboard that do not want to leave your ship . 
  what exactly would you tell the soldier he should do ? 
  because as of now lybia is a civil war zone with two gouvernments fighting each other - they for sure do n't give a fuck about refugees . 
  oh and btw : not one refugee is from lybia , why should they take in a syrian , senegalese , in the first place ? 
  so boots on the ground to establish a safe harbour in a civil war zone ... that sounds feasible ... wonder who tried that last ? 
  you might want to elaborate that `` appropriately '' . 
  as in `` rules of engagement '' . 
  again : do you want to sink and kill them ? 
  or take them on your navy ship and bring them back to lybia ? 
  ( wonder how to kick off 600 ppl . 
  from a navy ship in lybia ... ) or tow them , while the boat itself sinks ? 
  or board the boat with 600ppl and ship them back by your soldiers ? 
  how is this going to work ? 
  well ... there 's already a navy and even drones ... does n't help much . 
  what you want to do with those anyway ? 
  sink boats ?
