  after szyd\u0142o more or less said `` not my fucking problem '' , the funds came to mind ... not the other way round . 
  so actually it 's poland starting the blackmail . 
  and as i said before : it is n't even about the relocation , but just denying any part in a european responsibility or working towards a solution ... is n't going to fly . 
   literally `` not our fucking problem '' . 
  see ... so many over here turn towards the `` infrastructure in poland ? 
  not my fucking problem either '', 
   solidarity would be making decisions together and then working out through their outcomes together . 
  all porposals declined by v4 , no proposals made by poland . 
   fix your mess when the immigrant numbers overwhelm you is not solidarity . 
  it 's mainly greece/italys mess ...  you fix the pipe first . 
  besides the fact , that the `` pull-factors '' controllable have been mainly fixed - the `` pipe '' is leaking in syria , iraq and lybia . 
   it truly is n't . 
  and that 's where the `` your infrastructure truly is n't our concern neither '' comes in ...  fix it . 
  again - nothing to fix here ... besides turning into poland . 
  look - this is n't about `` refugees must be controlled , flow must be regulated , etc. . . '' all of this is true . 
  but `` not my fucking problem '' is n't something you could get away with ... not necessarily by housing them - but by offering to help towards a common solution ... and yes spending budget on that solution . 
  was dead already . 
   i 'd definitely rather hear that over another moron who thinks cutting off structural funds is a credible and morally justified threat when poland does n't want to take germany 's precious refugees solidarity it is called - i assume you happen to remember that word ? 
  you used it quite extensivley back in the days ... and i can not remember a polish proposal on the refugee-issue other then `` not my fucking problem '' ... 
  that wasnt much of a modification , they basically bought the israeli one . 
  and yes that was an embarrassing thing . 
  germany already briefed airbus for a successor of the tornado till 2035 . 
  combined plattform : able to control drones accompanying the jet ... 
  might be a difference living in a steel box in the summer ... 
  probably that he 's his own boss ... spiegel is owned 51 % by it 's employees ... 
  you just described campaigning, 
  newts , vacuum cleaners , bananas archs , green energy and working time regulation ... well sounds just like trump . 
  not entirely sure why - but somehow this map appeals to me . 
  ca n't see one in the eu, 
  honestly in this case the rule applies : `` could n't make this up '', 
   old business had not changed with time might be true - but the end-game of uber is destroying it . 
  the story/headline is one thing ... the defense after criticism is on a totally different level : https://twitter.com/hendopolis/status/846699772782235648/photo/1  for goodness sake , get a life !, 
  sarah vine 's piece , which was flagged as light-hearted was a side-bar alongside a serious political story . 
  it appeared in a 84-page paper packed with important news and analysis , a front-page exclusive on cost-cutting in the nhs and a health supplement devoted to women 's health issues . 
   for the record : the mail was the paper which , more than any other , backed theresa may for the top job . 
  again for the record we often comment on the appearance of male politicians including cameron 's waisteline , osbonrne 's hair , corbyn 's clothes - and even boris ' legs . 
  is there a rule that says political coverage must be dull or has a po-faced bbc and left-wing commentariat , so obsessed by the daily mail , lost all sense of humour ... and proportion ? 
  yes - that 's real ... sad, 
  it 's not `` new technology '' or `` disruptive '' to basically ignore all regulations and destroy an industry by undercutting and depriving employees of working contracts . 
  it 's an arbitrage-business modell ignoring all but the most profitable areas by undercutting/ignoring each and every rule by an asshole company . 
  and btw - it is in now way the `` mid-step '' to a driverless transportation economy . 
  neither consumers nor investors are worried by political tensions in poland , judging from developments on monday , with ratings agency moody 's lifting its economic growth forecasts while the zloty hit a seven-month high . 
  moody 's currently has a negative outlook on poland 's a2 sovereign credit rating , but analysts michail michailopoulos and zuzana brixiova said in an update today that the economy has shown `` signs of a nascent turnaround of last year 's real gdp growth slowdown '' . 
  moody 's increased its forecast for real economic growth in 2017 to 3.2 per cent , from 2.9 per cent after a series of positive economic data . 
  figures released last week showed seasonally-adjusted unemployment figures hitting a historic low of 7.7 per cent , which together with a healthy rise in wages point to an increase in private consumption . 
  increasing momentum in the eurozone will also benefit the economy , thanks to rising exports to its key trading partner germany , while higher utilisation of eu funds is expected to help investment . 
  the policies of poland 's rightwing law and justice government -- including curbs on courts and the media and a subsidy for families that is expected to cost around 1.2 per cent of gdp this year -- prompted fears among many investors last year , and a ratings downgrade from s&p . however , the economy 's resilience has boosted investor confidence , even as the government shows little sign of reversing course . 
  its relationship with the rest of the eu grew even more strained earlier this month when it tried to block the reelection of donald tusk as president of the european council . 
  despite that `` awkward situation '' , however , commerzbank analyst tatha ghose said traders are showing signs of `` fatigue after constant debate and discussions of polish political risks over the previous year , which ultimately led to nothing significant '' . 
  the zloty has rallied more than 3 per cent against the euro so far this year , and on monday climbed a further 0.1 per cent . 
  it hit a high of 4.2577 per euro , its strongest level since last august . 
  depends - above 130 a court ( insurance ) can argue that the accident would n't have happened if he would have driven 130 . 
  this must be prooven though . 
  if proofed there could be a `` teilschuld '' ( partial fault ), 
  no speed limit on autobahn is germanys second amendment ... 
  one is owned by the queen, 
  lol : `` in 2014 the first train was brought back to italy ... pulled by a german train . 
  that 's one star more than the ponycar, 
  spain is probably known for zara and seat ( and telefonica - which i do hate ), 
  uh wow - desastrous ... i own a 91 corvette and while you could go around 240km/h with it , i never felt that uncomfortable above 200 in any car i ever drove of any year . 
  kudos to italy ... bella machina bonus i assume . 
  ever drove a ford mustang ? 
  no worries ... there are 5 of them ... 
  fun fact : john howe designed minas tirith for the movie based on this castle : http://www.john-howe.com/portfolio/gallery/details.php?image_id=408, 
  i thought that title goes to the baw\u00fc faction - they even split . 
   the cdu won because of es annegret, 
  most polls show that the majority of afd mostly either become from other `` protest-votes '' ( linke , even more right parties ) and from former non-voters . 
  sure the most `` regular voter '' votes come from merkels party ( cdu ) and they probably `` swung back '' , just as merkel `` swung back '' ( she 's master of swinging after all ) . 
  then there was the heavy in-fights at afd and those really hardcore-reight-wingers talking shit ( like bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke ) - that did cost them dearly , because the `` it 's not a nazi-thing - it 's patriotism '' just fall apart , when afd-members talk in adolfs words ... and finally - the last terror-attack in germany is already some months ago - so the immediate panic-reaction was left out . 
  the `` red-red '' scare probably mostly hit the former spd-voters ( few of them did turn to the afd ) . 
  just for the sake od clarification : if the uk would accept all laws and regulations ( which we know wo n't happen , let alone the court ) , but wo n't be official ( paying ) member of the efta - would n't it be allowed full access ? 
  was n't the idea to basically `` just copy '' whatever the agencies propose/regulate/implement ? 
  or does an agency like the easa charge for certifications ? 
  germany is free ... also free education, 
  bubble ... 
   meaningful reform which ones ? 
  * common military - halted by the brits * common tax - halted by the french and dutch mostly * common refugee-policy - halted by basically everyone * common debt - ok , halted by germany ... but to be fair - by every one able to vote in germany as of now, 
  one 's got passion for the project and will lobby for a stronger eu , the other goes along . 
  probably both have the same direction , but i never saw merkel actively push a more thorough framework . 
  and for some topics he just leans left - like restriction on managers salary . 
  schultz_train suddenly stopped ... spd -1,1 %, 
  even merkel and macron could at least put the train back on track . 
  i bought maple leaf coins today ... 
  overheated stock market ( s&p valuation to earnings ) , multitude of risks ( iran , trump mainly , korea , brexit , still greece , major terror incident ) of which i assume one or more will become an issue , rising gold prices and long positions , balooned private debt in china , unsustainable interest rates , continous qe from ecb , french vote , russia , target2 at 850bn for germany , declining expporttrend , lack of innovation in automobile sector ... the list is just getting to long for at least some of it not happening . 
  yes - i did put this somewhat confusing . 
  what should have happened way before is the savings in good time - instead of the spending frenzy that happened . 
  what then also should have happened is the stimulation of the economy in times of recession ... not now in times of depression ... it is too late now . 
  i commute 70km every day - rarely without reaching 230kmh at least once . 
  you just arrive that much more relaxed at the office ;-), 
  could you both agree on somekind of anschlu\u00df-scenario ? 
  we promise to be kind this time ... 
   by that time i would bet money on a downturn end of 2017-beginning 2018 . 
  imagine the `` no overtaking if you are not a virgin '' rule ... 
  that 's a no ... definitely not . 
  ca n't see any comment doing this so far ... 
  i 'm inclined to answer the greek `` never !, 
  '' , just for the fun of it ;-) do n't take it personal . 
  but you are correct - it would be in times of depression , to push the economy ... and i know this is exactly what does not happen down south ... but also to be honest - this should have happened several years ago , before all came crashing down . 
   ambitions he has ceeded to have those since longtime . 
  i even think he was quite reluctant to do the finance minister job at the beginning .
