  wasnt the plan basically `` print 40bn and pump it into the system - we 'll sort it out afterwards '' ? 
  i mean - rescuing banks was not the most clever part since 2008 ... at least all - it 's not that each bank is `` too big to fail '' . 
   old people that 's why the state gurantees 100k ... 
  yes - but op said exposure to banks - so i assumed he was talking about spanish debt ... 
  the best part is ( while the leave campaigners said something about `` bring it down to 10k/year ) , this has nothing to do with your `` non-eu immigration ''  non-eu citizens in ye december 2015 , non-eu net migration was 188,000 , a similar level compared with the previous year ( 194,000 ) . 
  british citizens, 
  they would fall back to wto-rules . 
  it 's not the end of all days . 
  wto is not no trade . 
  the eu trades with half of the world based on wto-rules . 
   sovereignty is the ability of a nation to decide the rules in their own house . 
  ... to keep it in your picture : the uk wantrs access to the house after it said it does not life there anymore ... 
  which debt do you mean ? 
  bank exposure to greek debt is zero ? 
  this started immediatley : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/eu-referendum-tory-campaigner-admits-brexit-immigration-some-control-a7102626.html, 
   at the end the british sovereignty crashes against the other countries ' sovereignty , which has to be respected at the same rate . 
  i would guess that 420mn people somehow weight more than 64mn living on a island ... 
   germany agrees to a debt haircut which will fuck german and french banks are you sure ? 
  how much exposure to spanish debt is there ? 
  pensioners with 100k + are not so much `` pensioners '' to me . 
  either way - this is still far from bail-in . 
  to be honest - you also could remove the 5 countries that give the most . 
  probably even the 3 . 
  this is about leveling the differences, 
  might be a good idea though :  germany is n't pushing for banks to be wound down , according to the person . 
  the government does , however , want to ensure that private investors are tapped before any public money is put into the banks . 
  eu state-aid rules normally require shareholders and junior creditors to share losses . 
  or as someone said : * `` try to get an appointment at a real estate agent from frankfurt these days ... '' *, 
  ... well yes - it is one since it exists ... 
  for you ? 
  wto-rules ... 
  is there another way to leave ? 
  not really . 
  vote leave argued that the uk could leave under article 48 of the teu or under article 54 of the vienna convention on the law of treaties . 
  but either would require the consent of all other eu member states . 
  the uk simply can not insist on using them rather than article 50 . 
  it is worth noting , though , that the uk could be thrown out of the eu by the other member states under article 60.2 of the vienna convention if it was guilty of a `` material breach '' of its treaty obligations -- which , it 's important to realise , will apply after article 50 notification right up to the moment the uk actually withdraws . 
  the relevant parts of article 60 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) read : 2 . 
  a material breach of a multilateral treaty by one of the parties entitles : ( a ) the other parties by unanimous agreement to suspend the operation of the treaty in whole or in part or to terminate it either : ( i ) in the relations between themselves and the defaulting state , or ( ii ) as between all the parties ; ... 3 . 
  a material breach of a treaty , for the purposes of this article , consists in : ( a ) a repudiation of the treaty not sanctioned by the present convention ; or ( b ) the violation of a provision essential to the accomplishment of the object or purpose of the treaty . 
  the european union law ( emergency provisions ) bill promised by vote leave even before the uk negotiated its withdrawal might well constitute a material breach , given that it 'd mean refusing to recognise the jurisdiction of the european court of justice . 
  being thrown out would n't be very attractive , as it 'd mean there 'd be no agreement for instance about the protection of the rights of british companies and citizens elsewhere in the eu . 
  see ? 
  that 's the problem with you guys . 
  to many of us this moving towards an `` ever closer union '' is the actual reform . 
  it always was a requirement though ... 
   anyway , these guys disagree with your guys it 's actually the other way around - my link did specifically reference yours and disagreed ... but at that point it 's lawyers fighting each other - not something i could say who 's right or wrong, 
   we cave and stay in the eu as no-one has the bollocks to do it wo n't happen ... 
   they want the uk to burn for what they did as it happens that is exactly what the brexit caused ... might think that over again . 
   there is zero indication that the eu realizes it may need reforms in this sub alone are probably 10 stories about reform papers coming from all over the place : france/germany ; poland ; v4 ; renzi ; sch\u00e4uble ... they may not be about topics you wanted to see - but the eu will move ... and reform . 
  probably faster then the uk will leave . 
   well that is just not true . 
  it is true - in the very exact sense i answered you - noone cares for the uk still having special treatment . 
  sure you are important - and sure an agreement is needed . 
  and it will be provided ... maybe as the norwegian way ( eea-membership ) or like a ceta ( unlikely ) ... but the following things definitley wo n't happen / happen again : - restricting free movement - restricting control of financial services - a rebate, 
  maybe - but his time noone cares about you anymore ... 
   negotiations this is the guy doing the job for our side - whos on yours ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/didier_seeuws  cameron literally could not invoke a50 wrong - as can be read here : http://www.headoflegal.com/2016/06/27/article-50-and-uk-constitutional-law/  in summary it 's up to the british government alone whether and when to `` trigger '' article 50 . 
  it may ask for parliament 's approval , but is n't legally required to . 
  what parliament can do is force the government to resign or force an election . 
  oh cmon - would you please go away with your so-called facts . 
  you can see it at his cheeck - the bullet went through . 
  found it about dubai ( tough story ) http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/commentators/johann-hari/the-dark-side-of-dubai-1664368.html  nobody told her there is no concept of bankruptcy . 
  if you get into debt and you ca n't pay , you go to prison . 
  uae is a shitshow . 
  there are documentaries about europeans living in their cars on the streets of dubai because they ca n't leave the country . 
  just because you tried to implement 18 $ / hrs ? 
  relevant - relevant as shit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wkgscpqy4m, 
  `` roombas down - taking ar jerbs !!! '', 
  germany is like super-ok with freedom of settlement . 
  also no : https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/jun/28/british-fishermen-warned-brexit-will-not-mean-greater-catches, 
  another smug guy ... watched the farage-speech and want to resemble it ? 
  he 's hurt , because his country has a rift . 
  good you keep on beating !, 
  stats : * 1 in every 150,000 icelandic people have scored against england . 
  * 1 in 60,000 are in sigur ros . 
  * 3 in every million are bjork, 
  well - the `` city of london '' is a very independant county , which even has two chambers to gouvern it 's 7.000 inhabitants ... 
  no i do not feel like laughing ... 
  i 'm angry , because everyone lost and he feels smug i 'm dissapointed , because everyone `` said so '' and they did it anyway i 'm sad , because noone helped , when help was needed - noone took a stand i 'm furious , because let 's face it this shitshow did cost me real money i 'm anxious , at least for those who will feel the fallout - and believe me it will be the weakest . 
  why the fucking hell should anyone laugh . 
  ( btw : i laughed a little bit at yesterdays 2:1 football ), 
   it does n't cover eu immigrants who apply for underqualified jobs , thus create an oversupply of employees in low paying job , which makes it harder for the native workers to find jobs , and in a worst case scenario lead to inreasingly lower wages . 
  we call that minimum wage - most have it, 
   farage booed by meps  nigel farage , the ukip leader , has just finished addressing the european parliament . 
   meps turned their backs on him after he said none of them had ever done a proper day 's work , and they booed him at the end . 
  what a moron, 
  i do not ... except they eliminate france, 
  usa  uk even on a moral basis ... that actually is depressing ... 
  that was a french tunnel and a german car though ... 
  minis and rolls-royce ;-), 
  the average of the ftse 100 is $ 20b ... 
   ftse is an index of big companies it 's 250 mid-cap companies that earn their money mostly in the uk - that 's why it is a much better representation for uks economy than the ftse 100 . 
  on a scale fo delusion of your major politicians ? 
  absolutely comparable ... yes, 
  8min . 
   ftse loses more because of that less because of that . 
  it looses without numbers moving . 
  uuuuh - yes ? 
  good luck with that !,
