  with the words of the famous uruk-hai : `` uk 's back on the menu ! '', 
   but if someone asked me to decide if i should leave the uk or not , i would at least want to know how my government intends to bridge any funding gaps the farmers in wales forgot to ask that question pre-brexit vote , right ? 
   ( baltic legions ) it says 15-20 % volunteers - the rest have n't been given much choice . 
   according to wikipedia her grandfather took part in struggle for polish independence not on the german version . 
   she 's of polish heritage . 
  debatable . 
  they left posen after it became polish - it used to be prussia ( 1920 ), 
  it also has a much lower co2-emision therefore . 
  not that this excuses the immense nox sox-emissions , but in past times as co2-emissions have been the holy cow diesel looked like the better way . 
  i for one am preparing myself since some time now : * https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/rtn?p=rtn * https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/air:fp * https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/ba?ltr=1, 
  thx, 
  on a side note : what 's `` hol '' ? 
  because a base in germany is considered a relay hub . 
  the can project forces to the arab peninsula , africa and make touchdowns on their way to asia . 
  from mexico you might be able to project forces to the south-pole ... 
   kelly 's focus is on germany 's outsize role as a printer of euro banknotes , which is largely attributable to the country 's backward financial system and cultural aversion to cards . 
  ouch  given who was in charge of luxembourg during most of that period and his current position , we leave it to you to estimate the likelihood there will be significant investigative resources devoted to determining whether this sort of criminality is ongoing . 
  ouch !, 
  germany neither, 
  for germany head over to r/germany and read the sidebar . 
  we got a wiki . 
  then ask or search the sub . 
  we made it after all those years !, 
  the german ones are n't allowed to fly ... 
  the bundeswehr did all run them through a `` culture sensibility training `` . 
  with guns and all :p, 
  germans only :p, 
  is n't this the most european thing that could happen ? 
  27 countries vote for a candidate , who was refused by it 's home country - transcending borders, 
  interestingly enough there is no big celebration in russia ... because `` revolution '' is not really something putin wants people to remember as a solution ... 
  i pity the radio maryja folks - but hate ? 
  10 degrees ... raining . . bavaria, 
  ... thanks for the very helpful comment ... 
  if you would run a comparison on keywords the following would come up : fraud , tax , evasion , china , vat, 
  because :  ( he undertook ) ... an attempt to overthrow the government by means of non-parliamentary methods . 
  as the ruling prime minsiter put it ... 
  rich comment dude ... now go back to the rathole you came from . 
   somewhat, 
  did post the same link some hours ago, 
  1mn jobs open and unmet , lowest unemployment rate since 1991 , highest tax revenue ever ... 
  nah - you misunderstand the german mind . 
  * right now : economy good = go left ( offer the unfiortunate more money ) * economy bad = go right ( cut expenses , strengthen benefits requirements ), 
  against tusk :  the current president of the european council has decided to violate multiple times his european mandate , using his authority as the president of the european council in heated national disputes . 
  this was the case e.g. 
  when part of the opposition was blocking by force the work of the democratically elected parliament . 
  under the polish constitutional circumstances , the attempt to block the adoption of the budget was ** an attempt to overthrow the government by means of non-parliamentary methods . 
   czech exchange rates come under pressure  the question is when , not if , the central bank scraps three-year-old currency limit  in submarine films this is the bit where everyone starts sweating , water starts seeping through the cracks and the camera zooms in on the anxious captain . 
   in real life , the inner workings of the czech central bank are no doubt somewhat calmer -- but make no mistake , the pressure in prague is cranking up fast . 
   at issue is the koruna , one of europe 's more esoteric and generally sleepy currencies . 
  the central bank appears to be in the final weeks of defending a lower limit on the exchange rate with the euro of 27 . 
  it will not allow the koruna to climb beyond that point . 
   speculators started hovering around the limit in serious numbers a few months ago . 
  now the crowds are rushing in . 
   this week , new data showed that the central bank 's official reserves swelled by some $ 8.8 bn in february to keep the exchange rate limit in check , building on the $ 15bn accumulation in january . 
  that is two big months back to back , representing more than the growth in reserves of the entire preceding year and taking the total to more than $ 105bn . 
   now , sure , really heavy-hitting central banks do n't get out of bed for that kind of money . 
  but for the czech national bank , reserves are up by a quarter in two months , approaching 60 per cent of gdp . 
   the official line is that the more than three-year-old currency limit will not be removed before the middle of this year , certainly not before the second quarter . 
   but it does n't take a genius to figure out that the second quarter starts reasonably soon , hence the intensifying challenge to the central bank . 
  what is more , inflation is picking up , denting the rationale for doing it in the first place . 
   for the central bank , continuing to swim against inflows indefinitely makes little sense . 
  but it has warned the koruna 's newfound fans that it reserves the right to hit them where it hurts with occasional interventions once the firm limit is scrapped . 
   so , the break is a when-not-if question . 
  the march meeting still falls within the first quarter , breaking the central bank 's self-imposed rule . 
   but some are starting to wonder whether it might flip the switch on a day when there is no scheduled rate meeting , potentially very early in the second quarter . 
   katie.martin@ft.com, 
  on a somewhat alike case in germany : https://global.handelsblatt.com/companies-markets/amazon-under-fire-as-tax-dodger-haven-656256, 
  they 've been above 2 % all the time - but that does not falsify the fact that the rising comes from shrinking gdp, 
  best quote :  a greek policeman serving at the moria camp put it more succinctly when explaining that his job was to get a copy of an id and a fingerprint , and then speed new arrivals on their way to germany : `` copy , finger , merkel . '', 
  sure ... which you want not involving paying more money ? 
  encouraging the reporting usually is the more relevant reason for rising numbers ... 
  puuuh ... well . 
  did n't trump say they want less foreign exposure and bases ? 
  on the other side : it 's a econcomic factor for those rural areas . 
  sure ... but that 's what us industry needs to prevent under any circumstances . 
  selling it labeled is a death sentence . 
  just like gmo-labeling . 
  that 's why i asked - `` does more on certain areas '' is exactly what would cummulate in multi-speed europe ... not much sense in also going against it . 
  oh - it explicitly does not what germany wants , otherwise the interest rates would be far higher and the qe far lower . 
  interstingly enough , it has a revolving voting system , where the german director is excluded from votes regularly ... and you can guess at what times exactly they voted for expanding qe ... https://www.ecb.europa.eu/ecb/orga/decisions/govc/html/votingrights.en.html check out the blanks at `` jens weidmann '', 
   it 's like having a beautiful car in your own lawn that does n't actually get you from a to b. 
  you could say it 's a good quality sculpture or piece of art , but definitely not a good quality car . 
  this is kind of flawed . 
  the fitting description would be `` car that might break down in 10 years and would have zero value then '' . 
  look - you are barking at the wrong tree anyway . 
  i 'm completely with you - but i do n't matter here . 
  ah i see ... the toddler reasoning `` i do n't want to , but i also do n't want someone else to do it '', 
   ( government ) rightwing wants a european union that does more on certain areas with no multi-speed being the preference . 
  is n't the `` mulit-speed '' idea especially suited for those who 'd like to `` pick '' what they deem reasonable , and therefore exactly what should be alligned with their idea ? 
  in characteristics like taste , structure , or fat/meat balance it 's good meat ... noone said it must be healthy . 
  that would surely make the problem go away ... 
   he is still democratically elected till now the `` slightly influenced '' democratic vote was enough to keep him afloat ... but what if it would not be ? 
  i would assume voting would go before putin . 
  see ... that 's what i ca n't understand about greece . 
  it 's not as if there never was another option . 
  against all ( sometimes even manipulated ) odds they voted tsirpas with the explicit agenda of `` fuck them all '' . 
  and then they voted to `` fuck them all '' ... and then nothing happened . 
  obviously there is no such law ... as it is usually the risk of the lender as measured in interest rates and rating . 
  besides the status `` bankrupt '' should come from the country involved . 
  but to give him the benefit of the doubt , as we already wittnessed there is no accountability for `` too big to fail '' banks in such cases ... it might be declared as fraud .
