  he just took one little step too far ... ( the straight red line is probably the rocket ), 
  15seconds ... 
  flight path issued by turkey . 
  yes shot down in syria , after it crossed turkey ... : https://twitter.com/cnnturk_eng/status/669098577524822016/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc^tfw edit : from / u/frostypookyeddyeddy this is link 16 interface , something i used for 6 years , so i can at least confirm that it is a legit display though i 'm sure the actual metrics of flight path will be up for debate . 
  if you are asking me for opinion of veracity of the tracks as provided , all i would say it is more likely than not a legit readout of what the link 16-connected radars were showing to turkey . 
  it is a huge pain in the ass to go in and manually add plots to a track ( eg fake it ) to the point that i doubt that a turkish radar operator would have done so in this short of a time since the incident unless it was some premeditated conspiracy, 
  let 's niot forget that violating the airspace in a fighter jet means that you probably took the wrong direction for 1minute and already crossed into the foreign country for 30miles ... 
  mali will be the next german deployment . 
  most of it is already planned and the timing to relieve france there is perfect . 
  yeah but they could give back elsass though ;-) / s on a more serious note : germans would probably welcome going back to old times when france made foreign policy and germany did interior policies ... now where exactly to draw that line is probably up for discussion . 
  many just arised . 
  google for kenia and how they tried to stop their eu trade agreement . 
  on the bright side : you may construct a cause and effect timeline like this : italy invades greece , italy sucks at this , germany have to help out , germany postpones russian invasion , russian invasion runs well into winter , fails . 
  tldr : greece was the cause hitler lost ww2 . 
  soooo ... countdown to close hurriyet started ? 
  the definition of an `` elder statesman '', 
  you mean ... refugeebirds ? 
  could someone eli16 the `` service market integration '' and what lacks as of now ? 
  you can bash germany all you want , but constantley confusing cause and effect wo n't help all of us . 
  the influx were already unsustainable long before angie said `` dublin 2 is dead - we do n't send them back '' ( which actually also was declined by any german court ) . 
  and although german laws become stricter by the day , you do n't actually think that restricting the benefits or even the numbers legally accepted would have any effect on the reason people are fleeing ? 
  they flee from threats for live . 
  they do n't care if they get 3 $ / day or 1 $ . 
  and yes the will to move on to germany will fade , but the will to enter the eu wo n't . 
  as long as the eu countries understand that their borders are south of lampedusa and lesbos is european soil not only greek soil , there will be no solutions . 
  and the constant bickering on germany wo n't change the war in syria , the inhuman conditions in africa or the global climate change . 
  link ? 
  you confuse cause and effect . 
  it grows out of proportion no matter what . 
  and for sure no matter welcome or not . 
  best and worst : visted pargue around 1997 with 4 friends on a kind of `` fear and loathing '' - trip . 
  at that time the staropramen was 40cent , there was a cafe around the wenzelsplatz which was basically a coffee shop . 
  you could buy any kind of drugs there . 
  we binged through prague 4 days high on dope and cheap , wonderful beer . 
  one morning we came home early ( ... 5am ) and were hungry . 
  stopped by a `` confiserie '' where they prepared little petit fours kind of things . 
  went in - stank of beer - bought 3 plates of the stuff . 
  went outside , sat on the curb and ate . 
  after realising they watched us from the shop with shock i felt like a pig ... 
  future isis ... 
  more ppl . 
  leave for syria ? 
  this is a judging and unpopular explenation , though probably has its truth : the less educated , the more likely they immigrate . 
  the less educated the more conservative . 
  so expat = vote conservative . 
  short question ( not knowing shit about it ) : could a engine going into reverse thrust mid-air rip off a wing and also rip the plane apart ? 
  though this story goes on to the goths overrunning rome ... 
  grand coalition with conservatives though . 
  just moving from hh to munich . 
  trust me : munich is more expensive . 
  funny how cheap berlin still is . 
  btw : wheres the avg . 
  in the german bar ? 
  no joke . 
  last year the police confiscated a 88 out of a cellar : http://bilder.bild.de/fotos-skaliert/was-droht-dem-rentner-mit-der-flak-im-keller--46349615-41633254/3,w=985,c=0.bild.jpg, 
  i will just leave the following necessary parts here : * offshore processing centres in nauru and papua new guinea * ... so as long as we do not have those this might be quite futile, 
  i always liked mc solar : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsg2qhbm7wm, 
  there 's probably no country on earth that had such a high frequency of border-changes over the centuries then germany ... 
  the ( forbidden ) first part of our national antheme was written with a complete different intention then the nationalistic interpretation it has today . 
  walls used to be our thing - besides china ( from roman wall to east german wall ) . 
  well - the stabbing attack in a school made it to the headlines on fox for sure : http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/10/23/police-say-racism-part-picture-in-sweden-school-attack/, 
  to add some info : the major of erbil lived 23yrs in germany , and did several german interviews on tv : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zedkc3odlh0, 
  the question was `` why have n't we heard about this ** in the us ** '' answer : because fox/cnn do n't have any interest in bombarding the sa-us relationship . 
  sure . 
  germany did cause the syrian war . 
  and the overfishing in africa . 
  and the outpricing of local farmers there . 
  oh and the islamic state . 
  if you want to consider reasons for ppl . 
  fleaing desperate conditions , you might want to think about more thoroughly ... 
  i know that . 
  but it seems we are the only 2 to do so ... 
  you realize that a refugee used to get 3 $ / day ... which was just reduced to no money at all this very week ? 
  reality ? 
  its not that we either have an ocean at the austria border . 
  thats the eus job . 
  germany never said `` come '' . 
  just said : ok , no sending back for now . 
  one thing to speak about : let 1000ppl . 
  sit in main station and basically just wait till they get hungry , tired or desperate is not my understanding of humane treatment . 
  he removed it , what did he say ? 
  on a side note : i find the intolerance coming from some eastern european countries disturbing . 
  especially religionbased '' only christians welcome '' . 
  so basically its being intolerant towards intolerance ... 
  nope . 
  and neither is it feasible . 
  but im pretty much fed up with the '' not our problem '' club of eastern europeans and the uk . 
  so it seems a valid option . 
  obviously not . 
  but the diplomatic approach seems to lead to accusations of the imperialistic kind . 
  in other words `` hating downwards '' is a social concept, 
  its an argument about asylum concepts . 
  thats how a decision is reached . 
  different views negotiated . 
  and in that context a `` german '' approach vs. a `` no asylum for nobody '' approach some countries seem to favour seems quite right . 
  as a swede ? 
  really ? 
  the `` acceleration '' you speak of might exist . 
  but its not as if italy and greece complain since years that the influx keeps rising and is unsustainable for them . 
  about that towing : australia brings them to an australian island or back to indonesia ( 5 boats exactly ) .
