   we polish are just touchy when that kind of desperate behavior is brought down to the same level as deliberate genocide that of nazis because that 's an outrageous comparison . 
  is there really anyone doing that ? 
  or even thinking about it ? 
  i mean common understanding is that germany killed 6-8mn jews ... on a industrialized level . 
  noone came near that atrocitiy ... ever before . 
  implying that there was anti-semitism in poland before during and after the occupation that resulted in some killings , out of necessity or out of hatred is just like comparing a kids dollhouse to the empire state building ... that does not mean it does not exist . 
  noone would ever say `` the polish had their fare share at the holocaust '' . 
  kind of thin-skinned . 
  did he ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there is consense that we did that ... 
  being a victim always is a comfortable place to stay . 
  did you read it ? 
  on a side note : the inability to integrate the mostly french african muslim community has a variety of reasons . 
  but not that much has to do with refugees . 
  nope can not, 
  it 's not about the `` worlds poor '' it 's about a defined set of conditions someone might get asylum . 
  those conditions are written in the un charta , the european human rights charta and the german law ... `` being poor '' is not one of them . 
  `` live-threatening '' and `` inhumane treatment '' would be the correct ones . 
  ... and yes i know that those conditions neither exist in turkey ( mostly ) nor austria . 
  they actually have a common border ... 
  okay okay - we ( germans ) got it . 
  the `` european '' mood is against us , we are the destroyer of worlds ( ... again ) . 
  just for the sake of an argument i 'd like to state the following : * most of germany is convinced that the reason why people are fleeing to germany is not the `` pull '' - factor a ( not so clearly ) announced `` welcoming attitude '' caused . 
  the fact based on the timeline ( 800k estimated in 2015 before mrs. merkel `` welcomed '' refugees ) could be used to derive an estimate that 20 % of influx is because of `` pull '' - factors , while 80 % is still on `` push '' - factors . 
  * most of germany is also convinced that this is not `` our fault '' , but our reponsibility to help and yes also to grant asylum - this attitude keeps dwindeling obviously . 
  * most of germany is convinced that a sudden blockade/shut-down of german borders is neither feasible , nor effective ( and many think it would not be legal either - that 's up for discussion , because i ca n't see a neighbouring country defined as `` unsafe '' ) . 
  * most of europeans do n't think that a shutdown of any border would suddenly `` make the problem go away '' . 
  * most of germans do realize that any shutdown ( including the `` protection of greek borders '' ... this is btw . 
  the moment i keep wondering if anybody forgot lampedusa , which is italy , and causes the same problems ) would also cause the death of a lot of people ... by the hands of european border controls ... either directly or indirectly and i will gurantee you the frontpages will be clustered by dead people ... drowned , pushed - and sooner or later just shot . 
  * anyone in his right mind knows that the solutions provided today are neither sustainable , nor do they efficently effect the `` floodwave '' of people trying to reach europe in the coming decade . 
  * most sane people realize that water shortages , collapsing civilizations and war cause people to flee and to become desperate . 
  * desperation btw . 
  means an irrrational hope ... that most likely leads to preferring germany before any eastern european country ... * i ca n't see many solutions , besides obviously ending the reasons to flee . 
  * i ca n't see why this is not a european problem and suddenly all of the nations fall back to `` before eu '' - reasoning - this includes the fact that anyones southern border in europe is ... lampedusa . 
  * and finally - no i would n't stay in turkey either ... years of lives just lost sitting in the sand . 
  yes it 's `` safe enough '' - but put yourself in their shoes ... would you stay in turkey ? 
  * oh - forgot the `` do not deal with erdogan '' part ... yes he is a maniac - but probably we can just bribe him to be part of a solution ... anyone got better ideas there ? 
  the estimate is used to prepare the institutions handling the refugees . 
  its obviously highly sensitive . 
  its updated monthly . 
  and yes ... if they up it to 1 . x mio they would have an uproar following . 
  either the planned ( and unplanned ) restrictions work to this number or a border shutdown is inevitable . 
  it 's a reconnaissance aircraft with probably a sidewinder 9l below the wings ( the same as the one you guys took to down that russian jet ) . 
  what exactly should they do ? 
  but the suicide rate though ... 
  as far as i remember the majority of berlins turks voted for erdogan . 
  yeah garsty eastern europeans complaining - not knowing whats good for them ... 
  south carolina : gunloving rednecks in shorts and shirts north dakota : gunloving rednecks in jackets, 
  obviously a imperator-reference of the dark force ... 
  creating unstability , chaos , probably migration towards turkey, 
  so better form several kurdistans ;-), 
  is he greek himself ? 
  no second opinion there . 
  but suggesting noone would come anymore after seeing those is dilusional . 
  is there any connection ? 
  `` it 's totally undemocratic this whole eu-thing '' `` well , i 'd rather not go and speak to that democratic part of it ... '', 
  you guys really remind me of that ice t song where the cop states '' thats not my fucking problem , right now im eating these donuts '', 
  so ... did duda approach those countries , rally his fellow european leaders and tried to leverage this idea ? 
  you sir are really dillusional . 
  funny how the roles keep changing . 
  fully support your view . 
  those countries should send their police and tell them `` let them drown '' ... 
  5000 people stay at calias with close to zero chance to enter uk ... shows how desperate some get . 
  animal rights law ... 
  that 's erdogan quality lawmaking ... 
  it 's not as easy to trigger than the french one , but the `` nostandsgesetz '' was introduced also because the raf bombed several retail-stores, 
  besides that still many think it is the right thing to do ; i still fail to see a valid alternative , some fellow european nation came up with and promoted . 
  at this point it 's probably too late for most of the suggestions , but closing borders will finally lead to dead bodys in 4c-colour on the frontpage of newspapers ... this summer . 
  any other constitution has those ? 
  i know germany has, 
  did the group suggest aid for greece ? 
  the german attitude is `` ok , ok we take them in before somebody got hurt '' . 
  i know ... wrong thing to do apparently . 
   germans who just do n't work 404 $ / month is really paradise ... 
   why ca n't we actually do something let me stop you right there - the most present `` solution '' of v4 still is `` fuck you - not our problem '' . 
  i there even something left of this `` real '' estate ? 
  every civilization/country has to come to grips with its history by itself . 
  just because germans are used to it ( after 75yrs and again after 25 ) does not make us any better ... but still gives us some experience . 
  good luck with your karthesis . 
  wooohooo.just realized they broadcast s3 in germany today, 
  u answered the wrong guy, 
  uuuuuh garsty german syrians attacking in 10yrs . 
  lets prepares ... 
  so because blair fucked up the eu is at fault ? 
  well he didnt say poles killed more jews than germans did ... we are still in the lead by approx . 
  good luck finding a place to store that shit . 
  because sensationalism and heavy speculative . 
  before an immigrant can settle in the uk he needs a european citizenship . 
  in germany that takes 8yrs . 
  minimum . 
  set a reminder 2023, 
  no unified responsibility no unified approach . 
  and the uk is the most resisting part towards that union . 
  ... still going with the iron cross, 
  but how could you hate sissi ? 
  in other words the english way to do it, 
  as are immigration and freedom of movement ... 
  ( every shot a russian , every thrust a french ) . 
  glad times have changed . 
  soon ...
