  best metaphor is the exmplae of a junkie . 
  greece is a junkie . 
  is it the dealer 's fault ? 
  yes - to some extend ... but denying any accountability to the junkie would reduce them to a non-human being ... ... and obviously it is not a good idea to `` just give him more '' . 
  although right now he 's on an unsustainable substitution program with bitter-sweet methadon . 
  the international court of justice in den haag as a un court , according to international law : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territorial_dispute, 
  i think as far as `` aligning '' means expanding trade with china - it 's already on-going anyway . 
  greece is free to come up with a solution that dos n't include further money . 
  i 'm sure at this point the debt is n't the point anymore ... but the follow-up scenario would also involve massive support ... with new money . 
  that was a pun , which needed some background information . 
  august 2016 donald trump literally said `` the 2nd amendment people could take care of hillary ''  `` hillary wants to abolish -- essentially abolish the second amendment . 
  by the way , if she gets to pick , if she gets to pick her judges , nothing you can do , folks . 
  although the second amendment people , maybe there is , i do n't know , '' trump said . 
  ( http://www.cnn.com/2016/08/09/politics/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-second-amendment/ ) which basically means that he suggested some gun-nut should shoot her . 
   greece was forced to enter a programm in 2010 by germany and franece because greece owed their banks 70bin euros in total ahhh the old discussion . 
  this explanation shows greece as 100 % victim ... which is far from the truth as we all know . 
  nonetheless it 's obvious that there is also truth in the fact that especially france and germany have n't terribly been interested in bailing out it 's banks . 
  although this explanation completely ignores that : * this includes the uk&nl ( which banks were massivley exposed ) * the banks already had a hair-cut of 50 % * the greek banks would also have immediatley closed down ... because they had by far the most greek debt * there is no option of declaring bankrupcy in the euro-zone , and no orderly process to leave the eurozone * state-financing is explicitly excluded in eu-law framework . 
   quality that 's the debatable point . 
  us beef is often really good meat ... the just pump it full of hormones , which is n't seen as a problem in the us . 
  2nd amendment people ... 
   he can be through elections i doubt that ... 
  no ... because propaganda works on broken people ... 
  for those wondering how a `` retribution tax '' is actually implemented or does work out : it 's mostly about `` hitting them back with equal punch '' . 
  this leads to some rather ridiculous revenge scenarios , as can be witnessed right now on the case of `` us beef '' vs. `` european motorcycle '' . 
  although on a much much smaller scale ( and with a moral/ethic/ecological background ) it 's a fun story to read : [ the american beef industry wants a 100 % tax on european motorcycles ] ( http://www.roadandtrack.com/car-culture/buying-maintenance/news/a32336/the-american-beef-industry-wants-a-100-tax-on-european-motorcycles/ ), 
   sch\u00e4uble and lamers wikipedia ... here is the link : https://www.cducsu.de/upload/schaeublelamers94.pdf ( de ), 
  the origin of multispeed europe came from sch\u00e4uble and lamers in 1994 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multi-speed_europe#cite_note-2, 
  the v4 is in a very comfortable position now . 
  if the fast-mover do stuff succesful they just can `` plug-in '' . 
  if not - it 's fine as it is and they will not fall behind . 
  well everyone could call that bluff anyday . 
  unless you are willing to use it in a first strike capacity - it 's a hollow threat ... as the video above shows . 
  depends . 
  the influx of african jews from ethopia and somalia are welcomed ... in principle . 
  but it is n't a particulaily warm welcome ... 
  as usual on that `` nuclear deterrent thing '' : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2n916d owning nukes in days like these just does not add to security . 
  the one using them would be a pariah , and revenge is nothing to a dead person ... 
  text ( graphs in original article )  at this rate , probably not . 
   start with the state-level gdp figures , which show the real output of nevada 's private sector is still more than 8 per cent below its previous peak :  as hard as it is to believe , this understates the scale of the damage . 
   despite an undiversified economy stuck in the middle of the desert , nevada continues to be one of the most popular places for americans to move . 
  it also has a relatively high birth rate . 
   adjusting for changes in population , nevada 's real output is a staggering 21 per cent below its 2006 peak , and more than 10 per cent below its level from two decades ago -- a performance only comparable to greece :  no wonder recent data from the federal reserve bank of new york shows that , unlike the rest of america , nevadans are still cutting their debts ten years after the crisis :  that 's even more remarkable considering the 70 per cent rebound in las vegas house prices since the trough in 2012 . 
  in the other states with the biggest booms and busts in housing -- arizona , california , and florida -- average household debt levels bottomed in mid-2013 and have since grown by as much as 10 per cent . 
   finally , consider nevada 's employment . 
  on the surface , things do n't look too bad . 
  the unemployment rate has collapsed from 14 per cent to 5 per cent , while private employment has ( finally ) passed the pre-crisis peak . 
   however , the numbers look much less impressive when accounting for changes in nevada 's population . 
  the share of nevadans with a job plummeted from about 65 per cent in 2004-2008 to 56 per cent by 2010 . 
  even now , fewer than 59 per cent of nevadans work , which means the last legacy of the crisis is greater than six percentage points :  ( apologies for the lack of a proper x-axis , the formatting of the bls table precluded it . 
  the chart starts in 1976 and ends in december , 2016 . 
  ideally , we would have only looked at the employment rate of nevadans in their prime working years but as far as we can tell those figures do n't exist . ), 
   for comparison , the share of all americans in work is about three percentage points lower now than it was before the crisis , even though the recovery since the trough is about the same as in nevada . 
  and remember , nevada is younger than the rest of the country , which suggests excuses about aging and demographics ca n't explain its exceptionally poor performance . 
   ** the euro area has rightly been criticised for depriving member states of monetary sovereignty , and the euro area 's policymakers have rightly been criticised for their unwillingness to write down bad debts or reflate their economies . 
  **  ** these criticisms are often framed by contrasting europe 's experience with that of the united states . 
  but at least in the case of nevada , it 's not clear how much it helped to be part of a functional monetary and fiscal union . 
  you want a tl ; dr on a target2-topic ? 
  difficult . 
  ( it 's softwalled only ) main take-away is `` target2 is a hidden trasnfer/stealth loan after all ... and for germany it 's rising again and has reached close to 700bn . '', 
  if you like it `` conspiracy-style '' :  think of the transferable ruble as the t2 imbalance iou debit . 
  and theeuro experiment suddenly looks a whole lot like that soviet experiment . 
  here is the whole thing :  target2 ( t2 ) balances are again on the rise . 
  since early 2015 , the t2 balances of euro area national central banks ( ncbs ) have risen steadily , in some cases exceeding the levels seen during the sovereign debt crisis ... however , unlike then , record t2 balances should be viewed as a benign by-product of the decentralised implementation of the asset purchase programme ( app ) rather than as a sign of renewed capital flight . 
   that 's from the latest bis quarterly review . 
  it 's awkward because , for those who can remember , back in 2012 an exceptionally heated debate erupted about the importance and/or non importance of growing target2 extremes . 
   on team `` not important '' was every mainstream analyst , economist , the ecb and most of civil western society . 
   on team `` important/alarming '' , meanwhile , there was ... well , only one man : hans werner sinn . 
   team important/alarming claimed imbalances ( which were piling up between germany and peripheral europe ) amounted to stealth financing by germany of peripheral obligations ( akin to a bailout ) . 
  team not-important claimed this was how the system was designed to work . 
  it was not a bailout . 
   ft alphaville sat in the middle , explaining that while we agreed with the mainstream that this was a function of how the ecb system was supposed to operate , it did nonetheless give us insight into potentially unsustainable flows and collateral pressures , as well as the failure of the transmission mechanism . 
   but now we have the bis saying :  in the period leading up to mid-2012 , t2 balances grew strongly due to intra-euro area capital flight . 
  at the time , sovereign market strains spiked and redenomination risk came to the fore in parts of the euro area . 
  private capital fled from ireland , italy , greece , portugal and spain into markets perceived to be safer , such as germany , luxembourg and the netherlands . 
  indeed , during that period , the rise in t2 balances seemed related to concerns about sovereign risk . 
  the blue dots in the centre panel of [ the graph above ] show the close relationship between the sovereign credit default swap ( cds ) spreads of italy , portugal and spain and the evolution of their combined t2 balance from january 2008 to september 2014 . 
  whenever the cds spreads of those economies rose , the associated private capital outflows increased their t2 deficit . 
  when the cds spreads decreased after confidence in the euro area was restored in mid-2012 , the capital outflows partly reversed , and t2 deficits dwindled . 
  in contrast , the current rise seems unrelated to concerns about the sustainability of public debt in the euro area . 
  the red dots in the centre show that , between october 2014 and december 2016 , there was no relationship between the sovereign cds spreads of italy , portugal and spain and the evolution of their combined t2 balance . 
  that 's a fairly straightforward admission that had the t2 balance system not existed , and private investors pulled their money from the periphery the way they did in 2012 , the flows would not have cleared without a major currency collapse . 
  what the imbalance amounted to was germany taking a temporal iou from the periphery -- a stealth loan by all objective measures . 
   as to the current imbalances , the bis says they result from the fact the european interbank market remains fragmented . 
  liquidity does not circulate in the euro area and t2 imbalances grow as the total holdings under the app accumulate . 
  so that would be basically an admission of our original transmission mechanism breakdown point . 
   time , we think , for some proper comparative analysis of the ecb eurosystem to the old iib ( international investment bank ) of the soviet comecon/cmea era . 
  because the breakdown factors are very similar indeed . 
   from a paper by david r. stone on cmea 's international investment bank and the crisis of developed socialism :  the iib was set up as one of an array of new institutions designed to promote economic integration among the cmea countries while at the same time helping them to modernize their economies . 
  offering loans in transferable rubles and hard currency , the bank financed investment projects throughout the soviet bloc . 
  approval of loans supposedly came after rigorous and competitive vetting of investment proposals , and the use of credits was supposed to be stringently audited . 
  despite these innovations , deliberately modeled on capitalist institutions and mechanisms , the iib failed in its overall mission to invigorate the stagnating economies of the soviet bloc . 
  the reasons for its failure , intimately tied to the rigidities of the soviet command economy , highlight the obstacles to reform of the late soviet system . 
  the bank 's efforts foundered not only because of the soviet economy 's dependence on raw material exports but also , more profoundly , because of the soviet communist party 's insistence on maintaining administratively determined prices , central planning , and tight links with the east european satellites . 
  those fundamental principles of the soviet system constrained what the iib could accomplish . 
  from moscow 's perspective , abandoning these core principles would mean abandoning the soviet experiment altogether . 
  in that sense , the iib 's experience suggests that the late soviet economic system was fundamentally not reformable . 
  think of the transferable ruble as the t2 imbalance iou debit . 
  and theeuro experiment suddenly looks a whole lot like that soviet experiment, 
  i like the vatican state `` red '' ( `` hey , but at least we got no anti-gay laws ... i mean - what else should we do anyway ? '' ),
