  at 45mio ( 56 % ) ... because that 's how many christians we do have, 
  was n't there a kids life at stake ? 
  best investment since centuries , wo n't you agree ? 
  btw . 
  dutch received net money for years, 
  i welcome any balanced discussion - thanks for your perspective . 
   any type of migration is a disaster to istanbul ` s beauty thats where i not only assume but know that this country is far from the 21 . st century ... 
  major trigger ;-), 
  not exactly ... : * the uk is one of 14 countries that have been blocking eu plans to impose tougher sanctions on cheap chinese steel imports . 
  * https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/18/uk-and-eu-urged-to-act-on-chinese-steel-dumping-after-us-hikes-duty-on-imports, 
  you mean indian , right ? 
  airbus stock quote . 
  the main recipient of a rising european defense budget . 
   neither the eu or uk is ready for negotiations to start yet . 
  the club you leave does not have to be `` ready '' in any way ... 
  watch it rise : https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/air:fp, 
   it 's time they understand that . 
  those dirty londoners from londinium !!, 
  ... make your world smaller - makes you hate your neighbour in the end, 
  yes ... just as the us of trump believes it is easy to regrow their manufacturing base/industry ... 
   ` brexit means brexit ' the most you 've heard of the brexit '' ` plan '' ' since july . 
  not true !, 
  you got colours with it - just last week . 
  so now you know it 's white , red and blue !, 
   the four freedoms have nothing to do with passporting rights passporting rights is the free movement of goods ( or services ) . 
  so yes it is absolutely one of the 4 . 
   eads european aeronautic defence and space / former name of airbus holding ( incl . 
  all the defense tech subsidaries ), 
  it 's not called corruption when it 's obvious - than it 's the art of the deal ( and the american president can not be corrupt by definition ... ) ( * trump has broadly asserted that he is not hemmed in by conflict of interest laws . 
  `` the law is totally on my side , meaning the president ca n't have a conflict of interest , '' trump told the new york times last week . 
  herman and other attorneys say that while the president and vice president are exempt from the federal conflict of interest statute , the country 's founders drew a bright line at accepting foreign gifts . 
  that ban is captured in an antique-sounding part of the constitution called the emoluments clause . 
  it could pose a problem for trump because he does business all over the world . 
  even his domestic operations , such as his new hotel at the old post office building in washington , could trip him . 
  arthur hellman , an ethicist at the university of pittsburgh , said he does not believe any u.s. court , much less the supreme court , has ever interpreted the emoluments clause . 
  `` there is nothing that sheds much light on questions raised by foreign officials giving something or engaging in activities that could be construed as emoluments to trump or his businesses . '' however , a violation might be difficult to challenge in court , hellman said . 
  `` it 's hard to imagine anyone would have standing , '' he said . 
  other legal experts have said that perhaps a business competitor would have the right to litigate . 
  at democrats ' request , the congressional research service recently put out three pages of guidance on what rules `` might technically '' apply to the president . 
  among them is the emoluments clause , a prohibition on employing relatives , and bribery provisions . 
  * ) http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/conflict-interest-rules-apply-differently-president/, 
   uranium hexaflouride centrifuges those the german company illegaly exported to iran ? 
  ( =  check )  weapon design seems available in germany ( eads =  check )  on a rocket probably also and germany has `` access '' to a ton of nuclear bombs on us airfields, 
  someone ? 
   but whether this can be achieved , no one can say short answer : no freedom of movement - no passporting rights . 
  decision done . 
  hahaha the comments at this article ... 
  example ? 
  : * good riddance japanese banks . 
  i loathe the fact their car industry is here . 
  a copycat nation that still can not ful!y apologise for its cruel atrocities in the last war . 
  i would n't have stopped at nagasaki . 
  i would have taken the entire insular and spiteful nation out after what they all did and condoned . 
  not a morsel of sympathy for any of them . 
  get out of london . 
  and honestly : any 1st world country with some nuclear reactors can grow a nuclear arsenal in a matter of months ... 
  when you ask kurz , thats greece job, 
  plant opium - worked since decades ... whithout terrorists ior russians ... 
  why not ? 
  the uk can insist to clear all pound sterling transactions in london ... if they so wish ... ( and if it would be of any importance to anyone ), 
  the eu is preparing rule changes that could deprive london of one of its flagship financial businesses by enabling territorial restrictions on the clearing of some euro-denominated transactions even before britain leaves the bloc . 
  while the precise form of intervention is undecided , the european commission is considering backing legal changes to give the european central bank a remit over the location of key market infrastructure . 
  the move is likely to be seen as a provocation by the uk , which fought hard for years to fend off french-led attempts to relocate euro clearing to the single currency area . 
  french officials are pushing for restrictions on clearing to be included in legislative proposals scheduled for this spring -- shortly after britain says it will initiate the formal article 50 exit process . 
  in any case , other eurozone and eu officials say a move to restrict euro-clearing outside the eurozone is likely before britain 's expected withdrawal from the eu in 2019 . 
  any such initiative would still face considerable political and technical obstacles . 
  but the willingness of senior officials in brussels and paris to move early on territorial restrictions underlines how the issue is likely to become a flashpoint in brexit talks . 
  defending london 's cornerstone euro clearing business has been a totemic issue for uk governments . 
  london is the world 's biggest centre for clearing euro derivatives , handling three quarters of all transactions , with an average daily value of $ 573bn , according to an intercontinental exchange ( ice ) paper recently circulated to eu member states . 
  the paper , seen by the financial times , argues that `` forced repatriation '' of euro clearing would `` deprive european banks of access to liquid trading and clearing facilities and create fragmentation '' . 
  ice , the largest operator of exchanges and clearinghouses in european utilities , added : `` this would increase costs considerably for banks and customers . '' simon kirby , the uk 's city minister , has also warned that the euro clearing business would probably move to new york if the eu attempted to undermine the uk 's dominant position , leaving europe `` worse off '' . 
  but france 's president fran\u00e7ois hollande has called for euro-denominated clearing to be relocated to the euro area after brexit , saying that such an outcome would `` serve as an example for those who seek the end of europe '' . 
  in a four-year legal battle , britain fought off an ecb policy that would have required clearing houses with significant euro-denominated business to be based in the euro area . 
  but a court victory turned on a narrow technicality over the ecb 's regulatory mandate rather than britain 's main objections to what it said was an unfairly discriminatory policy . 
  a french central bank official urged the commission last week to address the issue in light of brexit through an update to eu rules on derivatives trading and clearinghouses set to be published by april . 
  theresa may , britain 's prime minister , has promised to trigger the uk 's exit from the eu by the end of march . 
  as yet there has been no change of policy within the commission . 
  but officials have told industry that the article 50 process would prompt a rethink . 
  one senior policymaker said the effect of britain 's court victory would be `` reversed '' , adding that the location policy `` is going to happen now '' , through legislation . 
  nevertheless , the french suggestion that clearing restrictions could be incorporated into this spring 's legislative review would face practical difficulties . 
  the review of the european market infrastructure regulation is intended to address a time bomb for europe 's pension funds , by granting them exemptions from key requirements that kick in in 2018 . 
  without the exemptions , the fund industry in countries such as the uk and the netherlands could struggle to find collateral for obligations , harming returns for savers . 
  adding something as politically controversial as location policy to the plans risks delaying their approval , meaning the exemptions would not take effect in time . 
  but the eu could pursue other legislative options to restrict clearing outside the eurozone . 
  ok - lets call it rijksmark . . deal ? 
   manfred weber why not send the good ones to europe ? 
  instead of another \u00d6ttinger ... 
  it obviously is so far off track that there is no way they could enter the eu . 
  but stop talking to them ? 
  what good does it do ? 
  to break talks is easy . 
  to keep talking takes guts . 
  black - red - gold ... 
   accept eu regulations yeah - slightly inaccurate wording . 
  the regulations are obvious ... the things that come with them are n't ... like taking almost 10.000 \u00a7 from the european code and introduce it to uk law ... 
  that 's actually what the swiss tried : http://www.euronews.com/2016/02/28/swiss-reject-deportation-of-foreign-criminals-in-referendum problem : this is the entry-point to a biased legal system ... and an easy way to exploit people . 
  justitia must remain blind ... 
  you got that wrong ... you need more than 2 years to negotiate the terms to exit the eu ( like status of institutions , citizens , etc. ) . 
  and after that it 'll take you 3 years to establish anything remotely resembling a new tradeagreement . 
  in the meantime you either unilaterally accept eu-regulations without having any say or access ( just by making eu-law your own uk_law ) , or you are a `` wto-peasant '',
