  i once said that i keep telling people when they act as if lives dont matter . 
  you sir are proposing mass murder mostly based on racist motives ... 
  that actually comes down to plain murder ... neglecting the un charta , several international laws and constitutions ... good move smartass, 
  lybia isnt even a state right now . 
  which you argue based on a draft . . 
  leaked ... version 0.677 ... dont get me wrong . 
  half the bullshit that shows up in the drafts is horrendous ... but i cant see it ending up in the final version . 
  and if so , ill promise to protest it on the street . 
  but not a draft with maximum demands . 
  or just waits for a framework that can be discussed and not throw a tantrum about drafts ... 
  keep them out , like how ? 
  sinking boats ? 
  building walls ? 
  thats 10bn someone could have actually thought of using for nation building in an african country ... just saying ... 
  so all arabs to uk and africans to france and belgium ? 
  sounds feasible ... 
  the arabs ( uae ) tend to visit munich . 
  saudade , wasnt it ? 
  i actually realized that after posting it . 
  2nd glas rioja ... 
  waiting for the first second ammendment would have stopped it guy ... 
  there are no confused ak wielding guys . 
  your either confused or you know how to get an assault rifle, 
  probably 1 avg . 
  months wage . 
  fischer threw it back in the face of rumsfeld : https://youtu.be/_k_qbpfl7rm, 
  yep second that one . 
  well yeah about this famous chance to cherry-pcik the ose ( train operator in greece ) : they have salaries of 150 % of revenue ( !! ) . 
  for every euro they get , they pay 1,50 $ to their employees . 
  and it would be in fact a lot cheaper to transport each and every passenger by taxi : http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-18032721, 
  '' yeah border fluctuated slightly last century '', 
  the selling is required . 
  the fact that the highest bidder is a german company is totally unrelated . 
  just as the fact that the pir\u00e4us port will be sold to chinese costco , and the ose probably to austrian train company ... 
  well it 's the biggest party with 217 seats . 
  in the beginning it was quite a sane and important arguement he started ... then it all went to shit . 
  he should have stopped the influx of right agendas in the beginning . 
  so he wants the epp to control him ? 
  well then you 're up for a suprise my boy ... 
  uh yeah ... totally related . 
  reuters.com probably . 
  as dry as it gets ;-) i would add the state-financed news services , because they do not necessarily have to follow financial interests , so the bbc and dw . 
  the political agenda influencing is rather low on both , but expecting `` investigative journalism against interests of owner '' wo n't be on their agenda either . 
  to balance out , it 's always worth looking at aljazeera - just keeping in mind that they actually do have an agenda - just an opposing one mostly . 
  their balance sheet ( and pl statement ) is public . 
  its on their website in english . 
  as far as i remember they have 400mio revenue , 600mio salaries , and an additional 800mio infrastructure and other costs ... 
  oh so it 's from your extensive restructuring experience in a consulting company ? 
  did you do something similar ? 
  feel free to vomit your stereotypes based on zero knowledge into the internet ... 
  you were part of the restructering planning ? 
  are you from fraport or consulting ? 
  could you do an ama about the process ? 
  which other country owns airports 100 % ? 
  how would greece come up with 1.4 bn investments ? 
  it was estimated that this brings 1.500 new jobs directly and 10.000 indirectly . 
  they have salaries of 150 % of revenue ( !! ) . 
  for every euro they get , they pay 1,50 $ to their employees . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/16/technology/inside-amazon-wrestling-big-ideas-in-a-bruising-workplace.html?smid=tw-share that is a terrible atmosphere for anyone working at amazon : * `` the company is conducting an experiment in how far it can push white-collar workers to get them to achieve its ever-expanding ambitions . '' *, 
  the austrian train company said they might consider buying the ose ... but only for a negative price . 
  to my mind there is not much of a difference between russians crossing latvias , polands or germanys borders . 
  outcome would be the same anyway . 
  permanent bases would somehow violate several agreements - though that is up for interpretation as usual . 
  i leave this one here : http://blogs.wsj.com/brussels/2014/09/03/qa-1997s-nato-russia-founding-act/, 
  and second he visits the preachers daugther and the former priest . 
  ... why should they even try ? 
  get your tinfoil head and breed your conspiracies . 
  the fuck is he talking about ? 
  its his parties duty to get the oligarchs to pay taxes . 
  suddenly its the europeans ... 
  what bothers me most is the fact he has a . eu domain ... 
  european embessay field office on reddit ... detect and count the misconceptions . 
  last countries that lost their middle class because sanctions ? 
  : * iraq, 
  ... and we all know how crumbling states with huge armies develop all favourable , especially when the middle class gets wiped out . 
  10/10 seems sustainable to me ... 
  hint : most of education visas aim for a first degree and will be declined for a second degree . 
  https://youtu.be/yeyga-n7aeo correct, 
  dont be ridiculous . 
  its not a nato country . 
  the idea of a fullblown russian invasion in poland is absurd anyway . 
  everyone would see the troop concentration weeks before . 
  and the distance between germany and poland is minimal in terms of modern warfare . 
  besides that this would be pretty much the end of civilization anyway ... 
  many would argue that isis exactly came into existence around 2004 because the sanctions against iraq basically wiped out any middle class . 
  take our us bases . 
  they have drones , nuclear weapons and monitoring stations . . 
  its actually also in this source ... 
  for the us it would probably be 1491 ;-), 
  summer of 1942 ... ( / s ) i 'll show myself out ... 
  i 'm all for opium, 
  where are you ? 
  36 already in southern germany, 
  next one using the word `` megathread '' will be haunted throughout reddit . 
  doing what europe expects from you : a greek habit ... / s, 
  hey stop shutting yourself off the german grid and there is plenty of excess solar power spilling over ;-), 
  pretty much that . 
  as a german : yes that is the difference . 
  and for the proof i always go for the wannsee-conference : https://youtu.be/ursnn5mni2g this was the moment the `` industrialized '' killing was invented and those people set it apart from pretty much any other genocide . 
  what you can see in this video , reenacted from the protocols isnt the way stalin thought .
