  need to add the obligatory : `` because cars - muh '', 
  it 's not the non-voter ... it 's the ukip-voters in a european election that screw things up . 
   because there currently is n't one then why put david davis in charge of brexit ? 
  alli read from him is borderline delusional/naive . 
  `` we want to keep the good ... the better ... and all the other benefits '', 
  yes ... because the decline in sterling made an international company cheap ... edit : on a side note : softbank fell almost 12 % ... the markets did not appreciate the deal . 
  you need to add the 23 . june - today performance, 
  well - a lot of work :  coppell was speaking at the start of the first of a series of lawsuits brought by individuals to demand that the british government win legislative approval from parliament before triggering article 50 . 
  wow - a cia-plot ? 
  that 's the latest on `` tin hat-radio '' ? 
  that is actually something i keep wondering about : will the moment come , when we actively value lives differently ? 
  ( by actice i mean `` in law '' - not by being less upset when they die ), 
   npd those guys `` try '' desperately to be a part of it ... sometimes succesful . 
   distantiate well - the afd is just having a terrible infight ... with people leaving the parliamentary group ( in a state parliament ) , leaders trying to get rid of each other ... they are chaos themselves already  hosts party conferences unsure - but a democratic `` structure '' is necessary to claim being a party - as far as i know, 
  if you compare the numbers ? 
  yes . 
  like-minded , large overlap , but officially unaffiliated . 
  mostly also deliberately seperated by the afd - because pegida tends to be on the wrong side of the law too often . 
   the attempted policy imposed upon eu states by merkel cant see that one though, 
  17year old afghan ... 
  hint : one of the obstacles to an eu-india fta was ... surprise : the uk . 
  india wanted to keep tariffs on spirits . 
  yeah . . guess what ... even germans can try to make a joke , ... 
  we all need to be so much more like germany !!, 
  muh muslims ... gibs money ... 
  all they propose is nationalize power ... and getting more money ... 
  that is da point, 
  they pretty much suck concerning concepts for a future europe . . 
  usually defend the democracy against religious ambitions ... mostly ... at least thats what atat\u00fcrk would have wanted them to do correct ? 
  yes well ... this requires quite a longer answer . 
  `` free trade '' can mean a lot of things . 
  yes one of them is tariffs - a problem we mostly do not have much around the world ... because we mostly abandoned them anyway ( just not when its about punishing the chinese state-side financed cheap steel ) . 
  then there is a very large part which are the so-called non-tariff trade barriers . 
  here we talk about the millions and millions of regulations how to produce a product , what liability it has , what gurantees , what rights , how long you can give it back , is it allowed for tax-refund ( eg retirement fond ) etc etc etc. 
  if you would go through these for uk alone - you probably will encounter thousands and thousands of laws , restrictions , rule-sets etc. 
  now the eu ( and the single market ) has the idea to say `` one rule-set for all 31 countries '' . 
  this is also the source of those things like `` vacuum cleaner cant be that powerful , light bulbs need to be energy-saving '' etc. 
  if you google a little bit egven inside the single market the rules about services ( incl . 
  finacial services ) are not yet fully harmoinzed ( and yes the germans have their fair share of blame to that ) . 
  now think of what would be necessary to realize the same amount of harmonization outside a common market . 
  it 's a nightmare - and we would have put an enourmous amount of trust towards the regulatory bodies of each country . 
  suddenly the `` banking regualtory institute '' in country a would classify the investment fund of its bank as `` valid for tax-deduction in the uk ( country b ) '' ... is it feasible ? 
  probably ... in years ... will it happen ? 
  not in 2 years ... not with london ... ... because ( reason no. 2 ) let 's face it : no giving passport rights kills half of london ... and brings money to europe . 
   countries nice enough nah ... the yanks do that job just fine without you guys . 
  lets run through the text again : http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2014/december/tradoc_152982.pdf  as regards financial services , canada guarantees to eu financial service providers that its existing framework will not become more restrictive -  meaning : `` yes the canadian regulations will not get more restrictive ... you still have to follow all of them , register your business here and open an office ... you will also operate under canadian law '' ... that is zero agreement ... besides not slapping tariffs on the thing ... other than that : wto-level . 
   own incompetence on the eu . 
  did n't you understand the thing with the sheeps and the butterflies ? 
  stupid you ;-) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jntnviosmw&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=15m59s, 
   hypothetically we could ensure that british services meet the same regulations that eu services do when dealing with the eu . 
  yes ... but you would need to certify that inside the market ... and have a legal entity there . 
  not uncommon - just as the hsbc has an office in nyc ... but far from common market . 
  and you just do n't put the sec in london ... it 's like putting the boe to paris . 
   are you implying that international banking is n't a thing ? 
  sure it is ... as i said : hsbc in nyc is perfect ... it also has offices in shanghai and hongkong ... following the rules of said countries . 
  that is not passporting . 
   includes services and financial services . 
  wan na reread my source ? 
  it does not in any way include services or finacial services ... 
   an fta with a level of regulatory and service integration that has never been done before could then be attempted . 
  with an uncertain outcome ... over probably a decade long . 
  if i were jp morgan ... i would have moved to frankfurt twice by then . 
   do you honestly think a country with as close ties to europe as the uk would have no influence over getting services added . 
  yes - because it is very very complex . 
  the single market just waives the regulations by saying `` all have the same regulations '' . 
  so if you access one country you are ready to serve the other 31 countries too . 
  that requires a regulatory body/institution defining the rules for all of them . 
  now if you leave the single market - that is gone . 
  nowhere does a fta about services exist . 
  think of it this way : a bank based in london would like to enter the us market ... without having a bank licence there , not registering with the sec , no office etc. 
  the whole construct of `` who to sue where , what law is for whom '' etc. ... is just too complex . 
  so when you leave the market - you need to apply for the rules of the market ... or have an office inside the market . 
   do n't forget , europe benefits from the services that the uk offers , what benefit does the eu get in making them difficult to access . 
  yes it does - and it is not even about `` making it difficult '' it 's just not feasible . 
  and also : it is not about `` not able to access '' - it ist solemly about passporting . 
  i assume the decline of the uk economy would rise to much higher speed than the eu-economy ... . . and the moment the eu agrees on restricting the freedom of movement ... the eu is dead . 
  ok - lets try it with jp morgan ... they have some light understanding of things ... mostly non-political : https://twitter.com/humenm/status/753508595342409728/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw  a pre-requirement to deciding where to position uk on a trade-off between free movement of labour and single market access is a recognition that such a trade-off actually exists . 
  the uks chief negotiator has apparently not reached this stage yet '' in other words : david davis seems delusional , naive and slightly stupid ... 
  yeah well ... the passporting rights absolutely need a single market . 
  there is just no scenario where a regulatory body of a service ( or good ) would be outside the common market ... that makes absolutely no sense at all . 
  and there is absolutely no way the single market could be realized without the 4 pillars . 
  thes are necessary to balance the market . 
  on a side note : there was the possibility of restricting benefits ... but not immigration . 
   services , and passporting-rights for banks in an ideal world . 
  that is an eea-agreement ... with guranteeing the 4 major pillars ... incl . 
  rights of movement . 
   it could happen sorry - but this absolutely can not happen . 
  why would it ? 
  it also would be a clearly suicidal move by the eu . 
  for that reason alone it can not happen . 
  yeah well ... :  as regards financial services , canada guarantees to eu financial service providers that its existing framework will not become more restrictive with regard to the provision of crossborder insurance , reinsurance and intermediation , as well as portfolio management services . 
  furthermore , canada has taken commitments regarding its `` widely held '' regime so that eu investors can continue to control their investments in financial institutions in canada , reflecting and guaranteeing the continuation of existing canadian practice . 
  in other words : `` canada wo n't change it 's own regulations '' ... http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2014/december/tradoc_152982.pdf that 's kind of a world apart of the single market ... 
  member of single market with reduced immigration ? 
  not happening, 
   continual postpone evoking article 50 the amount of uncertainty would completely wreck havoc on the economy ... 
  a ceta/south korea-style fta would exclude services , passporting-rights for banks ... and immigration . 
  you really want to aim for that one ? 
   thatcher did n't get preferential exceptions for the uk for her looks now did she ;-) probably not ... but this is also where it ends ...  restricting access to the eu market hey wto-rules are always there for you ( if you get accepted at the wto that is ), 
   a quarter of british adults ( 27 % ) expect that at least some eu citizens currently resident in the uk will be required to leave the country when britain leaves the eu .
