  they would invest the money and could gurantee you a nice pension . 
  that 's gone ... and it hurts . 
  you could buy bunds and they would give you a 1-2 % rate . 
  now you pay for having them . 
   this is just an example from top of my head . 
  yeah ... now at a time of overflated prices that probably would n't be a good idea , and certainly not a low-risk investment . 
  this is n't crimea - one could have choosen less radical language . 
  but if you want to define the pompous nationalist empire-speak as the new normal ... 
  all risk-averse `` whatevers '' do suffer from terrible interest rates ... 
  being a little bit more mature would have been a good start ... but well . 
  farage-style all over . 
   german will become lingua franca when will be associated with things people think are cool . 
  and if it would n't cost about 30 % more time than english to actually learn it . 
   the expense of private banks ? 
  because it 's also at the expense of all people saving money ... thx !, 
   at least you mean [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huatfrzgvus ) is n't the german you learned ? 
   do they speak german , can they communicate with customers , with my disponent ? 
  can they ask for the way ? 
  where to deliver goods ? 
  could your polish drivers ? 
  honestly - how many of your drivers are foreign as of today ? 
  see ? 
  when we refuse to joke it 's `` it 's 70 years ago - overcome the guilt ! '', 
  when we do make un-pc jokes about our `` heritage '' it 's `` are you serious ? '', 
  in before : taking the jobs of those refugees i assume . 
  really ? 
  truck drivers ? 
  is there any job easier to scale ? 
  get some from ukraine . 
   can be replaced with ss uuuuh yes - basically everthing can be replaced by the ss, 
  so frankfurt obviously, 
   also color coding makes higher office vacancy rates look like a negative this seems to be a mistake, 
  best quote though :  juncker added that there was much for the 27 remaining eu members to do , including strengthening security and defense policy . 
  `` a chicken coop is a close combat formation compared to europe 's common defense , '' he said , speaking in german . 
  whatever you do - do n't reverse image search it . 
  things are moving ... just today : https://www.moneyweb.co.za/news/south-africa/zuma-considers-stepping-down-early-in-deal-to-oust-gordhan/, 
  just that this thing is older then trump . 
  the proposal to do so was introduced long before he was elected ... 
  it 's almost like you could adapt the saying : `` not living in berlin when 20 means you have no heart , still living there when 40 means you have no brain . '', 
  sounds like sch\u00e4uble , typical swabian dialect . 
  doggerland revived, 
  i hesitated a moment , but as un-pc at it is and obviously pushing it far - i think we overcame the point of `` do not joke about it '' - after all it was n't the genocide subject . 
  i assume she can not see the benefits of `` freedom of movement '' ... 
  the pensioner said the eu had ruined britain , adding : `` why did my dad fight in the war ? 
  the germans . 
  they 're dictating to us . 
  we may as well have just laid down and said ` come on hitler , take over ' . '', 
   next-door neighbour aka `` aufmarschgebiet '' ;-), 
  sounds german to me ... all sounds german . 
  for all the memories i have from my time in berlin , the love i have for living there , from it 's boh\u00e9me parts , to it 's chaotic areas to it 's hipster gentrification places and it 's beautiful nature surronding it ... i can not understand how they fuck things up time after time . 
  lageso and ber are just the two major fuck-ups . 
  for all it 's consverative views , the missing subculture and basically being a town at the size of a city - i 'm glad i live in munich nowadays . 
  we could call it '' \u00c9tat fran\u00e7ais , ~ ~ vichy ~ ~ macron '' . 
  * i see myself out *, 
  the us obviously denied it and seibert ( germans spicer ) danced around the answer somehow . 
  honestly that is just too much on the `` ca n't make this shit up `` for not being true . 
   under the jurisdiction of the ecj . 
  interesting - did n't hear about that . 
  so yes - as i said : accepting the ecj takes you ( ... us ) a much longer way here . 
  then it comes down to negotiate an acceptable arrangement - and it will basically become a bazaar , . 
  on a side note : what 's about all the downvotes for just discussing ? 
  naaah , you ca n't put it like this . 
  but we would welcome macron on the vice-king throne anyday :p, 
  i like the green area - it is colored towards the biggest country owning the rest , correct ? 
   massively skewed . 
  wan na send us an invoice ? 
  i hear it 's en vogue nowadays ... 
   they could however imprison any person illegally crossing the sea and automatically reject their asylum application this is not just inhumane it also violates probably hundreds of laws ... domestic and international . 
   who come here without any right to asylum a majority arriving in italy/greece do have that right ( as the definition of this right contends now )  no wonder v4 do n't want to take part in it . 
  i do accept the notion to say `` the way we do this is unsustainable and rigged - we need to change it '' ... but again : `` not my fucking problem '' is just wrong . 
  it is the position of 27 countries ... written in an according statement ... by chance repeated by mrs. merkel . 
  completely agree . 
  what an asshole-comment, 
  i assume the breaking point is n't so much about the freedom of movement , but about accepting the eu court . 
  as soon as the uk backtracks from that , all falls apart - because no regulations could be finally enforced . 
  and i 'm not sure accepting the courts is a valid point for theresa in those 3 years . 
  other then that i also think that several single market features aklready come off after 2 years . 
  they wo n't be able to make a complete deal in 2 years , so all the international supply chains from especially car manufacturers must be secured in the transition period . 
  but passporting for banks probably not . 
  so yes and no - the transition deal will have a lot of features of a single market up and running - but several others not . 
  non-competition clause is quite usual with high potentials ;-), 
  you did quit ... 
  `` fog in the channel ... continent cut off '' ... still valid ;-), 
  the article is from a us based journalist , printed in an american magazine . 
  and it is actually a good read . 
  and the monk is hillarious, 
   the only difference is where your emotional attachment lies and how strong it is . 
  that 's not necessarily the main difference . 
  i tend to develop a european nationalism , so i actually follow his principal thought - just from a whole different point of view . 
  so for me funding poland is the same as to him funding wales , and i could even agree with the idea of fighting poverty as an important task . 
  i can assure you it was never intended to creep out greeks , but you are probably number 20 who had and obviously strong reaction to it ;-) the origin is actually from the group of insects feeding themselves upon blood ... so no human blood involved . 
  and although i wo n't visit greece this year i had a very pleasant stay in rethymnon 2 years ago - will visit again !, 
   overseas aid one of those differences ... most on the continent would n't consider it `` overseas aid '' to pay into infrstructure funds for eg poland . 
  your wording shows the sentiment . 
   i prefer giving up on money to give up on whiners uuuuuh - well we might find a more balanced approach instead of `` everyone already paying , pays more from now on '' . 
  and as poland has shown - money is no sure shot to shut down the whiners ;-), 
  it 's like quitting your job without having secured a new one - and it 's exactly what causes the stern , somewhat reliefed but slightly frightened look on his face . 
  especially the germans withdrawing en masse from turkey ... and they opt for greece instead . 
  here have a ( somewhat older ) article about the monastry , debt , and tax evasion ... : http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2010/10/greeks-bearing-bonds-201010, 
  you need to see the cause and effect .
