  unwillingness to start ww3 ? 
  really hope so ... 
  should ship the german ones east . 
  i dont need them . 
  and about that deterrent idea : https://youtu.be/ix_d_vmkswe, 
  ss20 all over again ... as if they didnt experience it first hand ... 
  ... unfortunate phrasing this is . 
  its called realpolitik ... 
  why your summary is downvoted ? 
  noone could ever explain ... have an up from me . 
  this . 
  just do it like any other sane state and stop bitching about the shortcomings of your system must be standard for anyone elses, 
  realitycheck : she 's actually the only one whos vote is counted ... 
  wait till they want to go on strike and are n't allowed to protest - that 's the moment they get angry ;-), 
  same in germany - eurofighter will take over . 
  ... although they do have about the same `` flight-readiness '' of 50 % as of now ... 
  there are no `` loans '' - even from a macroeconomic perspective healthcare is financed by all employees , employers and workers . 
  it 's a social solidarity system . 
  you know that bernie sanders thing . 
  you could argue that pensions are `` loan-based '' though . 
  he is trying to say that the great united states of america can not afford free education and healthcare because they have to pay for an army , navy , air force that protects your lil ass ... while you could n't give less of a rats ass . 
  or so it seems ... 
  uk just launched theirs tonight ... 
  here have some intimidating german police helmet : http://www.polizeipraxis.de/typo3temp/pics/1a90b2cd2d.jpg, 
  nationalists . 
  too dumb to fuck fits in any country ... 
  surprisingly the richer the city the more likely are people threatened by poverty ... all about the living costs . 
  though for germany it 's most likely oberhausen ( which seems to have the highest debt ) or frankfurt/order ( which ... everyone abandones ) . 
  they made me throw away my beer at rotrterdam central station :-( though they 've been doing it friendly . 
  italy probably, 
  as of now i think to send german air controllers would be a wise idea ... since soon we have heavy air traffic from approximately 10 nations over syria ... 
  i wonder how they still identify `` valid daesh targets '' ... 
  i mean hundreds of bomb runs already happened on a constantly moving enemy ( besides the oil infrastructure ) . 
  these targets are most likely just another privy used by a muslim fighter last week ... 
  an abomination !!!, 
  more like `` responsibility for former colony '' . 
  in case of france you might argue with `` some uranium mine '' ( not sure about that ) . 
  but foremost the steady stream of insurgants going up north destabilizing tunesia , algerie , lybia . 
  so yes it 's to stop another `` failed state '' with potential sharia-law isis-style occupants . 
  happened close to my home : http://www.214squadron.org.uk/personnel_pages/matthews_sidney_clayden/matthews_sidney_clayden.htm, 
  depends on who you ask ... ask the americans if the guys in guantanamo have any rights under geneva convention ... or rather not . 
  the wording actually has an historic predecessor : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stab-in-the-back_myth, 
  that 's what yearlong wars tend to make people to . 
  i didnt defend . 
  i said i somehow understand . 
  ... would probably change a lot if `` some german on reddit '' would consider respecting roe by syrian rebels a decent thing to do ... allied bomber pilots shot down over germany 70yrs ago often met the same fate . 
  not defending - just considering . 
  ( ... and also to bring home your argument ... ), 
  let 's put it this way : it 's not unheard of , and neither suprising . 
  in syria ? 
  i doubt that very much ... 
  i mean he probably dropped bombs on them minutes before ... 
  guardian live stream : http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/nov/24/russian-jet-downed-by-turkish-planes-near-syrian-border-live-updates, 
  putins speach : this event is beyond the normal framework of fighting against terrorism . 
  of course our military is doing heroic work against terrorism ... 
  but the loss today is a stab in the back , carried out by the accomplices of terrorists . 
  i ca n't describe it in any other way . 
  our aircraft was downed over the territory of syria , using air-to-air missile from a turkish f-16 . 
  it fell on the syrian territory 4km from turkey . 
  neither our pilots nor our jet threatened the territory of turkey . 
  this is obvious . 
  they are fighting terrorists in the northern areas around latakia , where militants are located , mainly people who originated in russia , and they were pursuing their direct duty , to make sure these people do not return to russia . 
  these are people who are clearly international terrorists . 
  taking into account that we signed an agreement on deconflicting with the us , and as we know turkey was among the ones that has joined the us coalition . 
  since isis has such huge resources of hundreds of millions and billions of dollars coming from illicit oil sales , and they are protected by the armed forces of other states , then it 's clear why they are so brazen , why they are killing people , why they are carrying out terrorist attacks throughout the world including in the heart of europe . 
  we will analyse everything , and today 's tragic event will have significant consequences , including for russia-turkish relations . 
  we have always treated turkey as a friendly state . 
  i do n't know who was interested in what happened today , certainly not us . 
  and instead of immediately getting in contact with us , as far as we know , the turkish side immediately turned to their partners from nato to discuss this incident , as if we shot down their plane and not they ours . 
  complete speach : this event is beyond the normal framework of fighting against terrorism . 
  of course our military is doing heroic work against terrorism ... 
  but the loss today is a stab in the back , carried out by the accomplices of terrorists . 
  i ca n't describe it in any other way . 
  our aircraft was downed over the territory of syria , using air-to-air missile from a turkish f-16 . 
  it fell on the syrian territory 4km from turkey . 
  neither our pilots nor our jet threatened the territory of turkey . 
  this is obvious . 
  they are fighting terrorists in the northern areas around latakia , where militants are located , mainly people who originated in russia , and they were pursuing their direct duty , to make sure these people do not return to russia . 
  these are people who are clearly international terrorists . 
  taking into account that we signed an agreement on deconflicting with the us , and as we know turkey was among the ones that has joined the us coalition . 
  since isis has such huge resources of hundreds of millions and billions of dollars coming from illicit oil sales , and they are protected by the armed forces of other states , then it 's clear why they are so brazen , why they are killing people , why they are carrying out terrorist attacks throughout the world including in the heart of europe . 
  we will analyse everything , and today 's tragic event will have significant consequences , including for russia-turkish relations . 
  we have always treated turkey as a friendly state . 
  i do n't know who was interested in what happened today , certainly not us . 
  and instead of immediately getting in contact with us , as far as we know , the turkish side immediately turned to their partners from nato to discuss this incident , as if we shot down their plane and not they ours . 
  well ... they just bombed the shit out of them , and suddenly the guy responsible hangs on a string in front of them . 
  seems obvious reaction . 
  since they have hundreds of people watching eagle eye over any sideview of boobs ... they finally might also do this . 
  when `` think of the children '' bans something they had in their mouth before , while it 's ok to instill hitler as a role model , something is really off ... 
  `` in this case , the pilot was warned a number of times . 
  first at 13 miles out from the turkish border , and then at 5 miles out , which is when turkish jets scramble . 
  it went past all those thresholds , '' he said . '', 
  yeah well the definition of `` terrorist '' is quite subjective these days ... 
  `` in this case , the pilot was warned a number of times . 
  first at 13 miles out from the turkish border , and then at 5 miles out , which is when turkish jets scramble . 
  it went past all those thresholds , '' he said . '', 
  * `` in this case , the pilot was warned a number of times . 
  first at 13 miles out from the turkish border , and then at 5 miles out , which is when turkish jets scramble . 
  it went past all those thresholds , '' he said . 
  yes it was violating the border - no not for 5 minutes .
