  so not / r/europe, 
  hans werner said its the target2 imbalance, 
  that 's exactly what they will do, 
  some parts production ceased , others not in enough quantity . 
  the army has more money than they could spend . 
  and it 's got 8bn more this year . 
  if someone would sell it now . . 
  yeah ... but again : you ca n't solve it by just throwing money at it now . 
  but you ca n't just throw money at it to solve it now . 
  it will take time . 
  they actually were not ordered in appropriate amounts . 
  exactly that . 
  and now they try to catch up . 
  spare parts missing mostly . 
  hint : its not the money ... 
  no worry . 
  have an upvote from your overlord . 
  we allow it . 
  we 're out !, 
  check his comment-history though ... and check the reasons of brexiteers . 
  german here - soon they will work at my hospital ... nhs does not seem to be competitive much longer ;-), 
  nationalism mixed with xenophobia . 
  the main reasons and constant trigger-points, 
  wohooo the rapeugess, 
  it 's not a paywall - it 's free2access after registration . 
  uuuuh - this one would be my first real comment - i just pasted the story, 
  in a decade-timespan ? 
  anything could happen in 10 years, 
  they might be willing as soon as they could be sure it 's not going down a black hole ... after all we already throw money at lazy berliners and bremen ( ers ) . 
  money comes with controlled frameworks ... in other words a fiscal union . 
  in a decade it 's either fixed , or does n't exist anymore ... neither requires him to do anything . 
  the common argument against gold is that its supply is determined by nature . 
  the total amount in existence does grow over time , but slowly and at unpredictable rates . 
  roughly , if the gold supply grows more slowly than the productive capacity of the global economy , you get deflation , and if the gold supply grows faster than the economy 's ability to produce , you get inflation . 
  basing your monetary system on gold therefore exposes you to a lot of unnecessary randomness . 
  an inflation target , or a nominal output target , or any other target , in this view , would be better than gold . 
  this is fair , but it does n't actually imply gold would be worse for any european country , for example , than the euro . 
  after all , spain only represents about a tenth of the euro area 's economic output . 
  even germany is less than 30 per cent of the bloc . 
  so unless conditions are remarkably synchronised across the continent , there will be long periods when conditions set on the basis of the euro area average will be wildly inappropriate for individual countries , possibly every country . 
  for example , it was n't spain 's fault that germany was hit particularly badly by the tech bust and the end of the boom associated with spending on reunification . 
  nor would it be fair to blame the european central bank for responding to that bust with a monetary policy too tight for germany and far too loose for spain . 
  the net effect , however , was a massive and unnecessary stimulus to credit conditions in a country that was already booming in the 2000s . 
  similarly , it was n't spain 's fault that many of the same dutch and german investors that had loaded up on american subprime mortgage bonds had also gobbled up spanish bank bonds , and decided to sell both at the same time . 
  even so , it meant that spain was faced with a massive and unnecessary tightening of financial conditions at the same time the ecb was raising interest rates . 
  these shocks were extremely inconvenient for spain , but it 's not clear they were any worse than what they might have experienced under a gold standard . 
  writing in 1999 -- before the global financial crisis -- christina romer found that `` real macroeconomic indicators have not become dramatically more stable between the pre-world war i and post-world war ii eras , and recessions have become only slightly less severe '' . 
  more importantly , if you believe the spanish government had all the tools it needed to offset the massive swings in capital flows and credit conditions it actually experienced despite lacking its own currency and central bank , why would it matter if the random shocks came from german savers or gold mines ? 
  and if european countries can be expected to sacrifice their monetary independence to boost trade , promote cross-border investment , and ( maybe ) stabilise domestic inflation , why not expect the same of the rest of the world ? 
  to be fair , there are some differences between the euro area and a restored classical gold standard . 
  the ecb has the ability , even if it lacks the will , to stabilise credit spreads by committing to buy unlimited amounts of sovereign bonds in countries suffering from capital flight . 
  it can lend theoretically unlimited amounts to troubled banks to replace frightened depositors as long as regulators convince themselves the banks are solvent . 
  and the target2 system is a lot simpler than shipping tonnes of gold across borders to settle payments . 
  on the other hand , the ecb 's willingness to intervene in markets and provide emergency lending seems highly contingent on political circumstances and the leadership of the ecb at any point in time . 
  mario draghi may have saved the euro , but jean-claude trichet nearly broke it . 
  who knows what future ecb presidents might do ? 
  besides , if you really believe that you can replicate the benefits of monetary sovereignty by writing down debt , regulating well , and aggressively adjusting the government 's budget , you do n't need your banks to have access to emergency lending and you do n't need to be included in a bond-buying programme . 
  simply wind down banks that run into liquidity trouble and default on debts you ca n't pay . 
  it might hurt at first but , presumably , people will get used to it and eventually be grateful for the longer-term benefits once ( if ? ), 
  they materialise . 
  gold or euro , it makes no difference . 
  so , for those who believe the euro was a good idea at the time and remains a good idea for prospective members , why would you oppose restoring the classical gold standard ? 
  why should the benefits of integration and price stability be limited to europe ? 
  before it was unfairly blamed for causing the great depression , genocide , and world war , the gold standard was considered not only respectable but moral , according to informed opinion . 
  these days , informed analysts seem to agree with much of the substance of the classical gold standard , but they prefer to talk about it in starkly different ways . 
  perhaps we should take their arguments to their logical conclusions . 
  consider the euro . 
  members of the single currency are forced to issue obligations in a currency none of them can print . 
  they made the choice to sacrifice their monetary sovereignty in exchange for lower costs of trade and greater cross-border financial flows . 
  for the many members hoping to piggyback off germany 's postwar record of stability , joining the euro would also mean eliminating the risk premiums associated with excessive inflation and devaluation . 
  these were the same arguments that were made about the virtues of the gold standard in the 19th century . 
  ultimately , it was hoped , abandoning the peseta/lira/etc for the euro would promote integration with the wealthy northern core and convergence to higher living standards . 
  ( as it turns out , convergence was much more successful among the central and eastern european countries that did n't join the euro . ), 
  the risk of the strategy was that spain/italy/etc , by losing monetary sovereignty , would be vulnerable to the kinds of crises that had afflicted many poorer countries in the 1980s and 1990s . 
  euro area countries that grew accustomed to net inflows of capital would have to rely on debt restructuring and wage cuts if the financial account ever reversed . 
  actually , euro area countries were more vulnerable than traditional em crisis countries , because places such as argentina and korea at least had the option of breaking their pegs to the dollar and printing money to support their banks . 
  similarly , countries bound by the gold standard always had the option of de-linking and re-pegging . 
  there is no comparably straightforward way to exit the strictures of the euro . 
  so were the advertised benefits of joining the euro -- which never materialised -- worth that risk ? 
  recent experience might make you think the answer is obviously no . 
  but as my colleague martin sandbu has repeatedly and elegantly argued , countries possess lots of policy flexibility even without monetary sovereignty . 
  the problem for europe , in his view , is that governments failed to make the most of the tools they had . 
  as he wrote earlier this week : the funding crisis that ensues for deficit-dependent governments was a key ingredient in the euro crisis , as was the concomitant tight or shrinking money and credit supply for the private sector . 
  minimising this risk with a fixed currency requires avoiding excessive debt finance . 
  as guntram wolff has shown , bulgaria ( with its currency pegged to the euro ) relied more on foreign finance than greece before the crisis , but came through in much better shape . 
  one reason is that its capital inflows came in the form of direct investments ( in factories and other productive capital ) rather than debt , which could not be `` called back '' . 
  the same virtue belongs to equity finance , or even debt in the presence of effective frameworks and policies for restructuring in a crisis . 
  similarly , a restructuring-friendly policy framework for banks can help end the credit crunch involved in a financial crisis . 
  substituting debt for equity allows asset prices to float even when exchange rates ca n't . 
  it also lets issuers reprice their obligations without needing to default . 
  even debt , which is often criticised for its rigidity , can be made more flexible , as sandbu notes , with defaults and write-downs . 
  meanwhile , the impact of currency depreciation can be replicated with wage cuts . 
  that 's normally painful because cutting wages usually raises debt burdens . 
  but if you 've already replaced most debt financing with equity financing and made it easy to restructure bad debts , the drop in constant-currency wages can be offset with reduced obligations . 
  governments could also cut labour costs , as sandbu has previously noted , by lowering income taxes and raising consumption taxes . 
  so it 's possible for governments to affect domestic financial conditions -- replicating many of the benefits of monetary sovereignty -- even if they no longer have their own money or central bank . 
  all that 's needed is a sound financial system and extremely counter-cyclical fiscal policy . 
  at the same time , it 's important to remember that even countries with their own floating currencies and central banks are still vulnerable to global forces . 
  trying to tighten financial conditions by raising interest rates and letting the currency appreciate can end up encouraging locals to borrow in ( temporarily ) depreciating foreign currencies with lower interest rates . 
  not only do you end up with the debt boom you were trying to avoid , the debt is far more dangerous because it 's denominated in foreign money .
