  oh absolutely - the natural conclusion just should be `` ok - we build our own toys then '', 
   governments national that . 
  btw : check this article , which adresses the same topic ( from another perspective ) : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/feb/15/brexiteers-blame-milk-honey-delusional-expectations-gove-johnson?cmp=twt_gu * o , in parallel with the prime minister 's plan for a `` clean break '' from the rest of europe , downing street is thinking of ways to address grievances that generated demand for brexit in the first place : stagnant wages ; anxiety that living standards have peaked and that the next generation is being shafted ; the demoralising experience of working all hours without saving a penny . 
   uk is doing fine it should be noted that this needs further definition . 
  the article states the quote : * so , in parallel with the prime minister 's plan for a `` clean break '' from the rest of europe , downing street is thinking of ways to address grievances that generated demand for brexit in the first place : stagnant wages ; anxiety that living standards have peaked and that the next generation is being shafted ; the demoralising experience of working all hours without saving a penny . 
  * on the one side none of that is a usual part of the tory agenda . 
  ( besides i also believe none of that is caused by the eu - as it is clearly happening all over the world ) and after brexit it 's not a question of `` how much did the gdp rise '' - it 's a question of `` how much did the typical brexit-voter feel that things turned for the better ( as can be seen in the indicators described ) '' . 
  i tend to assume that none of those factors are turned to the positive by a brexit ... ... so people can scream all day long `` less immigrants '' - as soon as the nhs not only crumbles because underfinancing or inefficencies , but also because they ca n't get nurses and staff ... the brexit-dream vanished . 
   yea so it makes no sense . 
  yes - it does n't . 
  although there is a lot of israeli tech in our weapon systems and fighters . 
   very few people have the appetite for ode to joe and eu flags when all they see around them is the deterioration of their own societies and culture due to the eu 's disastrous immigration policies and continued inaction . 
  this felt cause and effect are mostly unrelated ... but it was good enough to go for a brexit i assume . 
  on a side note : though i absolutely belief that rising inequality is the major problem , it should be noted that the economy of all eu-countries are rising . 
  one should note that the regularly keep the best components to themselves . 
  beware : those have been immigrants !, 
  a german , an argentinian and a guy from uruguay . 
  ;-) on a side note : wow what a game for draxler, 
  look closely : the * are there but it did n't work . 
  and this is his conclusion , therefore only this . 
  call it a tldr ... which you obviously did need . 
  its a quote ... not my opinion, 
   english pound # and it would be much easier for greece ... with all that devaluation on the horizon !, 
  * so there you go . 
  you can help refugees and bail out greece , but you ca n't give us money to help with my daughter 's future education . 
  the tie to the greek situation is crystal clear . 
  greece is not getting any forgiveness because voters in the netherlands and germany , who go to the ballot box this year , do n't want this . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  i do n't know how you solve this politically . 
  what i do know is that none of this is good for growth . 
  to me , europe 's economic policies are delusional . 
  it 's clear they are anti-growth . 
  but everyone feels boxed in politically because the lack of monetary sovereignty for eurozone governments mandates that governments restrict spending to maintain fiscal sustainability . 
  this causes electorates to turn inward and circle the wagons -- as we see in the dutch reactions *, 
  well ... he lastet 3 comments and 35minutes lifetime on reddit so far . 
  should be sufficent . 
   she will try to fix the eu from the inside like ukip ? 
  stop feeding the paid shills, 
  it 's mostly a legal theoretic topic - regularly used to built pitfalls for students . 
  imagine the very narrowly described situation where your life is threatened and the means of defense in reach is a flame-thrower or a bazooka . 
  you are fully allowed to use that . 
  ( even though you also had a knife ) . 
  it 's called `` entschuldigender notstand '' ( excusatory emergency ) . 
  in other words : when someone threatens your life ( or the one of another , or your freedom ) : all bets are off . 
   english common law ( amongst the law of other countries ) refers to the concept of ` proportionality ' or ` reasonable force ' interesting side-note : the german law does not know that concept . 
  second ammendment people ... 
  kretschmann did that - they know each other, 
   driving up wages ... even if ... as the pound is also falling this might be a negative sum game ;-), 
  german defense secretary in saudi-arabia : https://www.welt.de/icon/article160241319/ich-setze-mir-kein-kopftuch-auf-und-trage-hosen.html no headscarf . 
  it 's not as if it could n't be done . 
  the german one is outdated . 
  gema and youtube worked out an agreement, 
  you did not get it . 
  bmw is your current biggest exporter of cars . 
  they produce cars in america for the whole continent . 
  true that, 
  ramstein and stuttgart ... the drone command and the african one ? 
  sure, 
  ecb interest rate keep the euro low , exports high and pensioners sad . 
  not much wrong about that . 
  and german manufacturers count for the largest export of cars ... in the us, 
  we sign a trade deal with california if you do n't mind . 
  bmw is the biggest car exporter of the us . 
  maghrebian workers and english pensioners, 
  visiting grandma ? 
  you live on an island that cant sustain greens ... go smelt aluminium ;-), 
  you my friend did besmirch the values of the french revolution . 
  https://qz.com/677380/1700-years-ago-the-mismanagement-of-a-migrant-crisis-cost-rome-its-empire/ ( i hate to link that because of it 's agenda ... but anyway ) : * that was n't free land -- it was in the roman empire , under the rule of valens -- and so fritigern , who was leading the goths , asked to `` be received by him as his subjects , promising to live quietly , and to furnish a body of auxiliary troops if any necessity for such a force should arise . '' rome had a lot to gain from this . 
  those lands needed cultivating , and more soldiers were always welcomed by the empire . 
  `` by combining the strength of his own people with these foreign forces , '' marcellinus writes of valens , `` he would have an army absolutely invincible . '' as a sign of gratitude to valens , fritigern converted to christianity . 
  * refugees ... 
   can you conceive of arguments against the eu that are n't xenophobic ones ? 
  did you aspire to get the next kellyanne ? 
  we do not think , talk or argue in absolutes . 
  but it is without a doubt that one of the major reaqsons ppl . 
  voted for brexit is immigration fear and xenophobia ... and you did compare that to the french revolution - one of the most important historic events ... source of the most important human values ... ... you are a true demagogue . 
   less intelligent no that 's not it ... after 5minutes it comes down to xenophobia . 
  that 's what it is about . 
  and that i can not accept nor respect . 
  i always love this one : http://www.lbc.co.uk/radio/presenters/james-obrien/which-eu-law-are-you-looking-forward-to-losing/, 
  while absolutely not supporting/defending him ... the roman empire literally went down in ruins after immigrants revolted and took over the capital . 
   actual issues banana laws ? 
  well ... one based on values of freedom and equality , the other one on xenophobia ... 
  huh ... germany got the second highest minwage weigthed in purchsing power ... probably because shit 's cheap here . 
  final results are to expected in 30 months ... 
  what did piss of good ol dictator lukaschenko ? 
  the richer the city - the worse, 
   having a trade surplus is a temporary thing the last time that happened was 1951...-76mn, 
  trump reportedly called his national security adviser at 3 a.m. to ask if the us wanted a strong or weak dollar http://www.businessinsider.de/trump-called-mike-flynn-about-us-dollar-at-3-am-2017-2?r=us&amp;ir=t, 
  why is it mostly maghreb-guys ? 
  is there a link i could read up on that ? 
   everyone contributes to the eu budget . 
  to very different degrees  us - like or bretton woods well in a time of fiat-money that would not survive . 
  but i get you and again - first hamonize the rest . 
  just throwing more money at greece is not working . 
  that 's where we started . 
  germany contributes 19bn net to the european budget which does finance projects in economicaly weaker regions . 
  besides we do have the efsf and the ecb shares which both are financed according to economic strength ( although the cause no direct transfers ), 
   fiscal transfer which we have ... maybe neither sustainable nor sufficient ... up for debate  if there is no fiscal transfer eu can not work . 
  it 's not that we could not agree upon that ( even the majority of the electorate maybe ) ... but as long as the harmoization of taxes , insurances and especially the oversight of spending is n't established ... there will be not even eurobonds .
