  rich white man behaving like shit . 
  the distribution of refugees is for the most part regulated and therefore all regions/areas get their share . 
  even the posh suburbs . 
  podolski as always : 3 mistakes in one sentence ... 
  try / r/european . 
  the amount of desperate ppl seems higher there ;-), 
  this will be financed by eu . 
  big time . 
  i took the wrong number initially because : * on wednesday , russian authorities had already destroyed nearly 800kg of food found in a car that was transporting equipment for the race . 
  more likely urine . 
  the other stuff comes later ... 
  would a german prince work ? 
  the word `` french '', 
  can you stop mid-tunnel and go upwards to the mountains ? 
  there used to be this idea . 
  although that shit really started 1914/18 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_bertha_%28howitzer%29, 
  that one works for all countries . 
  nonetheless - the greeks got money , and we wo n't send back refugees to them . 
  anyone else reached this point so far ? 
  told you : if your mindset is actually that of isolation , better leave the eu . 
  the ideas contradict each other . 
  dublin2 will wreck greece and italy if enforced , besides both have been declared inacceptable because of inhumane conditions . 
  and that is basically all the was said ... just stating the facts . 
  you are very much invited to add to the solution , because frankly we should share the problem - which ever way that might be . 
  saying `` not my border , not my problem '' is unacceptable . 
  the `` rules '' are clarified in dublinii : first contact in eu takes the refugees . 
  this is obviously not working and the regulation obsolete . 
  what now ? 
  share the refugees ? 
  sink them ? 
  expell them ? 
  any polish ship in the med-sea ? 
  i guess it 's a mindset that comes from this `` ever closer union '' thing . 
  and a mindset coming from this `` share burdens '' thing . 
  you know just like the subsidies that eg come from italy and go to poland . 
  you might have heard of that . 
  because as a european country , part of the eu , part of schengen , your southern border is 100km north of lybia in lampedusa ... 
  quoting myself : * if you think of yourself as being a part of europe your border is south of sicily . 
  or actually south of lampedusa . 
  if you start your reasoning with this idea you might be open to problem-solving - if you do not start there , you might also leave the eu . 
  ok poland take any - but pays others to do so . 
  deal ? 
  that 's her secret : she always has the majorities opinion . 
  always . 
  you asking if dublinii is still in effect . 
  and the answer is no - it broke down . 
  result : whoever gets them last keeps them right now . 
  some scary shit for someone coming from a religious country . 
  wonder what the pope would say to this . 
  did n't they have different diameter shells that had to be shot in the right order ? 
  refugee boats ? 
  boy you should join some radical movement . 
  this stuff is actually triable . 
  fine . 
  and yes i liked renzi flipping his shit when he accused all others of leaving him alone . 
  now could we all please try to share the burden , and solve this problem ? 
  so murder is the name of the game . 
  are you sure you could handle it ? 
  shooting a human ? 
  on sight ? 
  while he drains and cries help ? 
  between the eyes ? 
  will you shout `` headshot '' afterwards ? 
  no move to be expected from here . 
  definitely none which will result in dead human beings rather sooner then later . 
  well ... the leash is quite short little dog ... 
  just google `` german reparations '' and you will see a lot of different claims . 
  have the list of actual payments : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reparations_for_world_war_ii for israel this sums it up quite well : the bank of israel credited the reparations for about 15 % of israel 's gnp growth and the creation of 45,000 jobs during the period they were in effect, 
  every survivor of a concentration camp receives a pension from germany to this very day . 
  too long ... from the top of my head : 2-3months , you can repeal the decision - again 2-3months, 
  here have an infographic on deportation flights : http://www.zeit.de/feature/deportation-refugees-flights-frontex, 
  you realize that this whole `` syrian can stay '' is a massive help for greece ? 
  because otherwise we would just send them back to greece according to dublin2 . 
  oh wait - we ca n't because greece decided to traet their refugees like shit . 
  make a visit at haiders grave - might make you feel less bitter ... 
  like i said - we should just sue all the countries at the european court of human rights ... 
  because if you think of yourself as bein a part of europe your border is south of sicily . 
  or actually south of lampedusa . 
  if you start your reasoning with this idea you might be open to problem-solving - if you do not start there , you might also leave the eu . 
  if this happens everyone will say `` germans fucked the greek again '' . 
  i mean that 's what i keep saying : if all react the same `` close the border '' way and we keep dublinii - then it 's italy and greece that are truly fucked . 
  everyone would welcome some sane voices and arguements . 
  95 % of europe seems to say `` not my problem '' . 
  the next one bearing responsibility for the thousands of deaths are the `` raise the wall '' people . 
  and the states not responding to emergency calls . 
  the day will come when cameron turns around ships in the medsea and then it 's italy alone ... they will stop too . 
  you are bound by the un charta . 
  where does the idea come from , that the european human rights declaration does state anything other then the un charta ? 
  sure ... this is like a domino effect : - germany closes borders - hungary/czech/austria close borders - slownia/macedonia are in `` the shit - closing borders ... all end up in greece ... best solution anyway ... 
  when all else fails ... draw the nazi-joker-card, 
  so your reasing is `` leave it to greece , italy , cyprus and hungary '' ? 
  really ? 
  you signed a treaty that states otherwise and sit in a council that has the duty to ensure that charta , while you also have been heavily influencing the reasong why syria went to shit ... ... just saying, 
  actually i do n't get it . 
  as cyprus obviously profits from this . 
  otherwise we could just send back any refugee that had first contact on european soil ... including those that come to cyprus , italy , greece ... 
  you mean theyx could form mixed race marriages and kids ??? 
  abomination !!!, 
  oh wait ... we used to call it that somtime ago ... 
  last time i checked you got a note from un for `` inhumane treating '' of refugees , stopped processing claims and paid to export some to slovenia .
