  trade is low , development aid also , political presuring a quasi dictator seems kind of ineffective , military support is financed by the us ( for keeping israel safe )  there will be a way the `` turkey deal '' is `` a way '' - just not the most pleasant one . 
   their people for once i would not be too sure - but mostly : who said that lybians flee from lybia ? 
  they are mostly from sub-sahara states ... and i would guess lybia does not give a flying fuck about them . 
   sanctions only on eu level . 
  but why should egypt take back erithreans anyway ? 
  how do you do that ? 
   keeping all egyptians no egyptian do flee to europe ... they are mostly erithrean/somali crossing egypt, 
  except he never was finance minister - he was tier2/director at the ministry of finance, 
   then we make them take them back how so ? 
   have them take them back without consent . 
  by entering their ports ? 
  so we enter a war with lybia ? 
  bomb them to drop of people at their shores ? 
  seems kind of unsustainable ... 
  sure . 
  but that does not change the fact that they do not take them back, 
  will get shot at . 
  lybia said so . 
  does it matter ? 
  how do you bring them to lybia ? 
  yesterday they took 2.000 onboard between egypt/lybia and italy, 
   sent back . 
  not really ... as long as you do not provide safe zones ... 
  ... sinking the boats ... you either go that one more step and secure safe zones ( lybia/syria ) or you not bother to do the `` let the army deal with it '' - talk, 
  germany was and is defined as a buffer zone since 1945 ... 
  why not paying back ? 
  45bn went to greek banks , otherwise you are correct . 
  does n't make much of a difference though . 
  why not ? 
  see - exactly what 's happening : effect-result . 
  on november 23 , 2011 , medvedev again said that russia may deploy iskander tactical missiles in the kaliningrad region as part of russia 's reaction to the united states ' reformulated missile shield plans . 
  because that was the beginning of this argument ? 
  ( see above ), 
  * in november 2008 , the russian president dmitry medvedev stated in his first state of the nation speech , that russia would deploy iskander missiles to russia 's western district of kaliningrad `` to neutralize , if necessary , a nato missile defense system . 
  '' [ 28 ] [ 29 ] on september 17 , 2009 , us president barack obama announced the cancellation of the us missile defense project in poland and the czech republic . 
  [ 30 ] following the announcement , on september 26 , medvedev stated in a press conference that he would in turn cancel the plans to deploy iskander missiles to kaliningrad . 
  [ 31 ] according to the stratfor.com e-mails leaked by wikileaks , there are a number of iskander brigades operational . 
  the leaked stratfor.com e-mail was dated 13 december 2009 : [ 32 ] on september 29 , 2009 , the russian military announced plans to set up an extensive network of iskander missiles throughout the country as part of the broader military reforms underway . 
  according to general vladimir boldyrev ( rtd . 
  ) , iskander systems would be stationed in every defense district in russia but not in kaliningrad . 
  [ 33 ] on november 23 , 2011 , medvedev again said that russia may deploy iskander tactical missiles in the kaliningrad region as part of russia 's reaction to the united states ' reformulated missile shield plans . 
  [ 34 ] in june 2013 , it was revealed that russia had deployed several iskander-m ballistic missile systems in armenia at undisclosed locations throughout the country . 
  [ 35 ] in december 2013 , russia disclosed that the iskander missile system had been deployed in the western military district . 
  [ 36 ] in march 2015 , there were reports in russian media that russia had deployed iskander missiles to kaliningrad . 
   the problem largely created by yourself france had far more exposure , the greek banks itself 4 times , the uk banks still half of that . 
  i think there is no doubt that the creation of that debt was completely greeks fault . 
  they may have met a very willing hand to lend ... but thats not the cause of debt . 
  i do not remember a [ convention on tanks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_on_cluster_munitions ) do you ? 
  do n't be salty the challanger 2 has only been sold to such lighttowers of democracy and human rights as oman ... 38 of them, 
  why the fuck would you get personal here ? 
  your question is as fair as mine . 
  i even upvoted you for starting an interesting `` what if '' - question and thought . 
  brits ... ungrateful island-monkeys ... 
  what is it with you poles bickering on the german flairs ? 
  what advantage would we/i have from it ? 
  it is pretty much a very logical thing . 
  you just do neither want an obvious first strike target so close to the front-line , nor a spiral getting out of control with the push for more weapons ... and yes as a german i can give you the advice from a historical experience . 
  the ss-20 / pershing-discussion did cost us a gouvernment back in the 80s : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_double-track_decision in other words let the german tell you : `` been there - done that ... just do n't '' on a side note : the fact that there are iskanders in kaliningrad is also a result of a missile-shield over poland . 
  it 's just a constant result-effect spiral - completely unnecessary ( ... besides for raytheon ), 
  the question that i had in mind was more from a historical point of view . 
  how did texas and california start and raise to nowadays level ? 
  from my ( probably uninformed - have been to california/never in texas ) pov this only had been possible in the framework of a larger body . 
  actually an interesting question . 
  i do n't think it is - at the end that 's what i was designed for . 
  i mean obviously general dynamics will not replace a fighter shot down by a stinger , but they probably are in for some kind of warranty, 
  with its geopolitical position poland needs to be the very last country to get nukes ... 
  warranty void ... ;-), 
  would texas be texas or california be california without the us ? 
  i doubt that . 
   she 'd have to give money without imf involvement . 
  the leverage is n't that high though . 
  she will do what sjhe did last time - just wait for all the others to scream at the top of their voice . 
  just as someone said above : the slovakian/fin finance minister will attack a proposal with full force ( `` us paying for their lifestyle '' ) . 
  no reason to sing along . 
  she could just wait . 
  and if there is no agreement she probably is willing to let greece exit . 
  the consequences would not be that severe as already discussed last autumn . 
  sch\u00e4uble would have let them go last year already . 
  it 's not as if the money could n't be found ... others will suffer much more ( italy , france ), 
   pulling a venezuela * fix exchange rates ( establishing a vast black market ) * ration goods/commodities ( see above ) * seize industry, 
  probably not much . 
  in either case it 's no wiggle room for them . 
   germans are n't getting their money back so do all other euro-countries . 
  remember the greatest critics have n't been necessarily the germans . 
  the fins , dutch and slovakia have been very vocal about it . 
  i wonder who is able to manufacture cluster bombs for an f-16 ... that would be : * us * france * israel * brazil congratulations on outbidding the others ... 
  could someone explain to me how a 0 % - interest rate would be different to a write-off ? 
  in both cases the greeks ability to regain access on free-market loans is 0 . 
  am i missing something or is it just semantics ? 
  i wonder who in here ever was in a fight ? 
  not some pushing around - fist hitting head kind of fight . 
  think of the consequence of merkel actively supporting a remain . 
  she did say she does favour a remain . 
  but expressing that too publicly would not be too supportive i guess . 
  no i just randomly used an expession to reference hitlers ascension to power when talking about an austrian head of state ... 
  the idea ... `` no mr. edogan , the cucumbers are not grade a , and istanbul will be shut down , because pollution '' ... 
  its not a delusion . 
  you did send a fundamental opposing party to brussels . 
  most of uks mebs are ukip . 
  speaks for itself . .
