  aldi = same . 
  they are like water . 
  if there is a whole in the system they leak through . 
  which fact ? 
  does n't change the facts he stated . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  these are competing goals . 
  low retailer price never goes with sustainable , regional healthy producers . 
  cant have both . 
  ... answered the wrong guy ... 
  ~ ~ be careful what you wish for . 
  these are competing goals . 
  low retailer price never goes with sustainable , regional healthy producers . 
  cant have both . ~ ~, 
  wooot ? 
  could you give us some info there ? 
  did they fear they would cross the border ? 
  bring lidl and aldi to romania ... they fight to their teeths over prices ... ( best practise germany ... ), 
  you know the toilets on top floor of the commerzbank are towards the lower deutschebank towers in frankfurt so the cxos can piss on them ? 
  you are welcome ... joke aside i really like rotterdam . 
  didnt work out in africa ... 
  oce ( greek railroad ) pays 600mio salaries while having 400mio revenue ( ! ), 
  we know about the debt ... but i really like to see an analysis for all those `` reforms '' they proposed . 
  hiking tax on companies really seems a stupid move min recession . 
  they must deliver scenario based analysis of those reforms with prooven assumptions that hold up and numbers that add up . 
  i never heard anyone putting those on the table . 
  absolutely . 
  i 'm actually today delivering an investment proposal of 4,5 mio . 
  i have 40 pages catalogue of requirements , 80 pages detailled concept , a buisness plan of several 100 kpis for the next 5 yrs , an it-design end2end of 50 pages ... and i 'm sure someone will request some info i did not yet include . 
  ft analysis : http://t.co/psbmkn70mt, 
  timeline , businessplan , effect , sustainability analysis ? 
  there wo n't be something that can be called `` debt relief '' . 
  and there definitley wo n't be any referendum - this instrument basically does not exist in germany . 
  to be fair , when juncker & tusk made it to president there has been some interesting deals . 
  if you check closely all the most important 2nd tier jobs are mostly germans : head of efsf/esm , general secretaries , etc. 
  suddenly tsirpas realized what democracy on european level means ... and that it actually exists . 
  the position is stonewalled behind regulations that exist and ca n't be negotiated ( not in 4days ) : 1 . ), 
  debt relief ecb debt ca n't be restructured . 
  imf debt ca n't be restructured . 
  efsf-debt could be forgiven , but then it 's a bail-in/financing of countries ... so again against the rules . 
  only way would be to prolong debts `` to infinity . '', 
  reforms read the conditions of esm - if not met - no way . 
  own electorate any debt relief , 3rd bailout , bridge financing has to be part of a very strong reform package , incl . 
  probably at least everything that was in the 2nd bailout package and incl . 
  very good supervision ( ... troika ) . 
  no other way to get this ratified in parliament . 
  2/3 of people are against giving another cent to greece ... and you know : merkel never does anything against a majority opinion . 
  shhh this is / r/europe not / r/conservatives or / r/teaparty or / r/aynrand, 
  us makes their own vw ... might explain a bit ... 
  wow gambling with ppls life ... you are a special one ... 
  artificially in comparison with what ? 
  with 4-5countries threatened with high bond yields ? 
  i dont think so . 
  basically calm and predictable circumstances are to be favoured by everyone , incl . 
  especially germany . 
  so whatever happens , the sooner its finished and can be trusted upon the better . 
  euro fall mostly because qe . 
  hey its not a german tabloid ;-), 
  he asked for a reason to pay the debts despite/after a default . 
  if you ever want money again you should pay at least parts . 
  tsirpas just asked for 30bn ... 
  well there is a reason : getting money from markets . 
  i heard it involves fancy paper with numbers and pictures on it . 
  ( pictures only if time allows ), 
  hehe ... head of parliament in germany told his colleagues they should probably do their holidays in walking distance ... 
  a lot of it also went to greek banks ... just saying . 
  there 's just on flaw . 
  the debt was also owned by insurances and pension funds . 
  if they default you just come around full circle ... 
  some info : as it is the esm they apply to now it has to be ratified by all 18 parliaments ... not only the 4 as before . 
  those parliaments do btw even ratify the pure act of negotiating ... noone can start before allowed . 
  the banks are practically already owned by ecb . 
  there are regional transfers ... a lot . 
  probably 80bn from germany since the beginning . 
  as soon as tax , infrastructure and fiscal policy is alligned we should be ready to go for eurobonds/transfers . 
  its not what ppl . 
  `` want '' . 
  how should that scenario look like ? 
  why should anyone `` force '' them out ... it happens all by itself . 
  it 's worth mentioning that sch\u00e4uble is actually very pro towards a united europe . 
  moral hazard ... wont fly and for good reasons . 
  now you have no debts ... no money ... and no access to markets . 
  europe ... ppl actually watch news !, 
  read the deutsche bank analysis ... they think waiting is the way : http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-07-05/no-victory-appears-probable-what-happens-next-according-deutsche-bank, 
  got me there ... 
  the source is deutsche bank . 
  who cares where it is published ? 
  it wasnt a fiscal union ... 
  well definitely not midas, 
  they just wait . 
  time is on their side if the markets stay reasonable on monday . 
  santorini infinity pool hotel for 60k drachmae / day . 
  ( euro = 600drachmae seems likely to me ), 
  if you would have been in that position you also would be a crony corrupt guy to reach that position in the first place . 
  now you would have a lot of ppl . 
  who you are in debt with , so you would do exactly the same as what happened ... 
  i wonder how the eu defines terrorism ... 
  95 % reliability , tries to stay objective , dominant tv station . 
  potentially conservative , but many left shows too . 
  its the german bbc,
