  bavarian is whoever sits in a beergarden , sips a augustiner , loves bayern munich and enjoys live . 
  - no matter his looks ; mostly no matter his language . 
  this most likely wo n't `` work out '' all over europe - but to me it sounds like a logical next step . 
  edit : i like how the down and upvotes bounce like a prancing pony ... 
  me too . 
  but damn your tulips, 
  several reasons the germans faired better in the `` battlecruiser '' - fight : * germans only shot 3 shots/different length at first shot to measure the distance/english ships shot all guns at once * germans needed roughly 10-15seconds for first hit - english almost 30seconds * germans had smaller diameter/faster shells . 
  they did hit more precisely and had more penetration power * compartments between powder and turrent have been designed more efficently on german ships ( as you stated ), 
  a putin supporter ? 
  is this a hoax ? 
  why would he do such a thing ? 
  did i somehow misunderstand pis ? 
   jellicoe btw - til : the admiralty has announced that the funeral and burial of the late admiral of the fleet earl jellicoe , whose death was announced yesterday , will take place on mon - day at st. paul 's cathedral . 
  he will lie under the great dome , within a few feet of lord nelson , in the circle contain - ing admirals lord rodney and lord colling - wood , the duke of wellington , ix  rd roberts , and field-marshal sir henry wilson . 
  the king and queen have sent a message of sympathy to lady jellicoe . 
  as an illustration of lord jellicoe 's interest in the dominions . 
  sir james parr , high com - missioner for new zealand , interviewed him six days before his death , when he appeared well and cheerful , to seek advice regarding the naval conference . 
  as a consequence of the con - versation , lord jellicoe assisted sir james parr to obtain the services of vlce-admlral blake , as technical adviser at the conference . 
  vice admiral blake is a former commodore of the new zealand division and is now attending a senior officer 's technical course at ports - mouth . 
  german navy 's tribute . 
  ** the ships of the german fleet will fly their flags at half-mast during earl jellicoe 's fune - ral , at which vice-admlral foerster , com - mander of the high seas fleet , will represent the german navy . 
  ** http://trove.nla.gov.au/newspaper/article/17228878, 
   i will be curious to see how the idea develops with time . 
  completely with you there, 
   people will still want to work crappy jobs or maybe not ... which would open the door for a brutal 2-tier labour market too . 
  the citizens with basic income - and the `` immigrants '' ( whereever from ) with maybe minimum wage ... 
   into treatment talking only about drug addiction is maybe a little bit too focused on one singular topic . 
  in general the question is how to finance the infrastructure when everyone gets free money , but some still need to be taken care of ( for whatever reasons ) . 
  social infrastructure is not easily scalable ( as in transfer the guys basic income to the ward ) . 
   again , these days you still have homeless junkies never said the existing system is better ... that 's why we discuss it in the first place . 
  but describing the concept without having solutions for the issue i raised ( as many/most do ) fails me too . 
   get ill health insurance would not be part of any proposal i read so far . 
  so this one would be safe . 
  the question mostly is when the `` unconditional '' cant be that much unconditionable anymore - or how much `` social programs '' we would still need . 
  the charming idea of basic income is `` if everyone just gets taken care of the basic needs - then all would be much more creative/independent/evolving etc. 
  - to finance this we can get rid of so much infrastructure '' . 
  if you think of it it 's almost self-financing . 
  but this also means to cut the infrastructure to its bones ( rightfully so ) . 
  the you keep the drug adiction programs ... and the rehabs ... and the social development funds ... and the housing support ... and you are suddenly back at a full-blown system . 
  it needs balancing - but i could not find a concept of basic income that did this issue right so far . 
  the implications of unconditional are probably up for discussion . 
  the question remains : if you trust the people to be fully responsible what to do with the ones that fail themselves . 
  because one of the concepts of basic income is to get rid of the most social benefit overhead/infrastructure as it is not needed anymore - it would also make the whole gouvernment a lot leaner and reduce costs . 
  royal grand fleet ? 
  for one : they wo n't receive a lot of benefits that are just `` money '' - it 's not unconditionally . 
  for another : even if they fail - there are a lot of help programs to support them - most of those would be gone in the basic income scenario . 
  mostly because germanys fleet retreated after they realized they could not take on the complete royal fleet . 
  it also would most likely require a rewriting of a lot of constitutions ... 
   saying exactly the same about the current benefits now they make them jump a lot of hoops to receive money . 
  then it would be `` unconditionally '' . 
  agenda much ? 
  like really much ? 
  best argument that i heard so far : * we already have a `` close-to '' basic income . 
  the amount of benefits a person can receive are close to the amount proposed - the bureaucratic overhead and the prerequisites to receive it are totally overblown though . 
  best argument against it : * what to do with the irresponsible guy ? 
  when you blow your money for booze and hookers there are no more social safety nets in place . 
  the people would just `` rot on the streets '', 
  it is very probable that tusk shares this view ( as btw do i. . . besides the independace part ) - he just gave it another spin to appease the more critical people . 
  i have a ( somewhat ) simplistic answer for you - but it works . 
  a cooperative is by definition the very idea of socialism ( consumer owning the company ) . 
  here is the list of the 300 biggest coops in the world ... a lot of them are in the us : http://www.thenews.coop/49090/news/general/view-top-300-co-operatives-around-world/, 
  i did not deny the fact that both facts additionally drive the german economy . 
  what i did deny is that these are the reasons why the french economy is not succesful - or that it could not be more succesful implementing the same reforms . 
  and again - the euro has the same value for france . 
  additional hint : the export increase do mostly derive from exporting goods to countries outside europe . 
  i usually answer the people like-minded to you with a perspective from the other side - focusing on one special base ... the largest european one . 
  to begin with : the summary is : `` be aware that a lot of those installations do serve a very real self-interest and are not even slightly helpful to deter russia ... a threat that is so much overrated anyway '' . 
  without the ramstein airbase the us could not : * operate drones in arabia/asia * supply troops in afghansitan , iraq , oman * project forces to africa and arabia ( incl special operation units ) * operate surveillance in europe , most of arab states * re-supply israel if need-be ... none of this is to `` keep europe safe '' - and the amount of germans wanting to get rid of ramstein is rising . 
   how come the germans are n't sending troops to the baltics ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_air_policing we do - it 's a turn-by-turn effort, 
   germans have built their economy on export , weak euro etc. 
  those policies are highly unsustainable and disruptive in the long run for the eurozone . 
  none of these conditions are exclusive to germany ; france used to be export-orientated and the euro has the same value there . 
  those are non-arguments . 
  besides : neither one is the primary reason for nowadays economic success . 
  200k are 1 euro jobs . 
  no question mrs merkel just did n't bother the years after agenda 2010 and a lot of things are not reformed . 
  but the flexibility achieved did help a lot . 
  and from here this seems to be the major problem in france . 
   two of the mentioned not saying to try the german way , but try the german way ;-), 
  we have nukes since the 60s, 
  but it might ;-), 
  its also somewhat self fulfilling . 
  if you are leaning right you do n't move to a 20 % foreigner area . 
  why should italy side with greece ? 
  they would have to pay for it too . 
  wasnt there like 1100 changes to the proposal already ? 
  france ... run private ... hahaha ;-), 
  more interesting : the chinese buy one of germany 's largest robot manufacturer : http://www.wsj.com/articles/chinas-midea-group-announces-bid-for-germanys-kuka-1463556160, 
  the share of the supply chain creating margin now moving back to europe is still greater than before . 
  ... but the money they lend in the first place surely went to the pockets of ... someone ? 
  depends on the company structure they build . 
  taxes and bribe are kind of totally different points on any spectrum i can think of . 
   economic sanctions on lybia ? 
  the country does n't even have a functioning gouvernment ( or rather two - if you forget about the pitiful attempt to install one as `` official '' by the eu ) . 
  tell me who you call to sign an agreement there ? 
  isis ? 
  a tribe ? 
   oh there 's a variety of ways . 
  economic sanctions , development aid , political pressure , withdraw military support etc.
