  on a side note : sorry , europe, 
   actually he bashed fillon would n't it be even worse if he would n't have gone public ? 
  i mean the `` fleet in being '' approach till the last second would be even more damaging ? 
  probably the party pushed him in front of the microphones . 
  publicly supporting fillion i guess . 
  opel and vauxhall have been excluded to any other market ( us , south america , asia ) because gm forbid them to cater to those markets in favour of gm brands . 
  this potential could be unlocked . 
   i 'm also not aware that there 's a eu/eea/swiss country that offers citizenship without at least living there for ~ 5 years and more . 
  https://www.ccmalta.com/publications/malta-citizenship-investment 12months/650k $, 
  you can buy it in malta . 
  the `` landlord `` which is the town and therefore the mayor . 
  that 's also the normal way . 
  noone woul say so , and it might be factual true ... but it 's a little bit too convenient making the local mayor doing the decision . 
  solution : let 's both blame the silesians !, 
   he represents his voters , not poland . 
  as long as i could n't vote ( or better not vote ) for him he belongs to you guys ... you can blame me for brok , sonneborn and even oettinger though . 
  and honestly : i would prefer pan-european active voting-rights . 
  no dubs ... spoken in german language ... not subtitled . 
   so , it was a technical/safety issue . 
  everyone was glad they did find an excuse . 
  karayilan has n't been here - he had the chance to do a live-broadcasting speaking on a culture festival though . 
  why a foreign politician from a almost human rights neglecting country would be allowed to do campaigns over here is beyond me anyway . 
  probably la haine , baisse-moi , what you think ? 
  fair enough - but it 's obivously available as dubbed german version . 
  ... maybe i 'm just too old ... having been a fan of kelly macdonald, 
  mayb `` lammbock '' is a good one from germany : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0258760 also `` hr . 
  people that have not have heard of `` trainspotting ( 1 ) '' please comment here ... :, 
  they are running on a 125bn lifeline from ecb . 
  if you cut that off they go down . 
  no international bank will do any transactions with them ... do n't be illusional, 
  bankruptcy and no access to funding . 
  or do you think the euro balance just goes away with introducing drachmea ? 
  yeah ... completely and only the guy in the wheelchairs fault ... 
  its not ... but they also have no debt crisis ... 
  insufficient budget comes not necessarily from unemplyed or lazy ... but from missing tax . 
  like ... oil ? 
  less then imports ... oh and no more banks because they all closed down ... 
  the moment they shut down because declaring default we can make a unesco-program ready . 
  it will be 3rd world grade devastation . 
  they are n't - but they are masters of tax evasion ... 
  1mn jobs are open over here ... come over !, 
  one should remember what `` dunkrik '' and `` scared '' really meant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-emt3srffu, 
  3 ( or 5 for that matter ) depends on the politicians involved . 
  mainly the outcome of german/french/dutch elections . 
  when is the next chance to get rid of kaczynski in poland ? 
  damn czechs ... 
  check out / r/shitamericanssay / then ... 
  bordeaux is 3 i learned awkwardly ... 
  what would happen if he did ? 
  would lepen or macron get the votes in the final round ? 
  she dropped a sugar cube, 
  no tariffs ? 
  no problem . 
  accept uk regulations ? 
  no thanks ... 
  the `` nuggets '' : about pineapples :  and i am sure you all ate fruit for breakfast . 
  can you cast your mind back to breakfast ? 
  you 're all so young and thrusting that you probably do n't remember the time that i do , when pineapples came only in a tin with a gloopy syrup . 
  and pineapples were thought so generally exotic 100 years ago that architects would place them as finials on the top of the top of railings or pillars or other architectural features . 
  there are plenty of examples of those fruits outside this room on the streets of westminster . 
   but today there is a force that brings the pineapple , the papaya , the guava and the melon to london every night on the 10.30 flight from accra in ghana . 
  and actually i caught that flight myself in the last couple of weeks , i literally physically sat on top of 13 tonnes of chilled fruit , packed and ready to be distributed to the stalls of london , and i can tell you authoritatively that the same sliced fresh pineapple , retailing at rather different prices depending on whether it is going to aldi or to waitrose , is turning up in our shops the following morning . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the differential in prices , by the way , it 's called branding is n't it ? 
  * sucking bottles :  and people feel that they are n't getting a fair suck of the sauce bottle , as they say in australia , the wealth gap is growing . 
  and so there 's been a temptation amongst some politicians to respond in what i think is the wrong way , by hauling up the drawbridge and to call time on globalisation . 
  and i think that instinct is profoundly wrong and it makes no economic sense as i 'm sure everybody in this room today understands . 
  the pro-secco ... again :  we are not only the biggest single consumers of german cars but also of course of french champagne . 
  and as i never tire of telling you , italian prosecco as well . 
  we are pro-secco and by no means anti-pasti . 
  being like trump  and that is why we will shortly have two giant aircraft carriers , 70,000 tons apiece , capable of projecting british power worldwide - including through the malacca straits , which channel over 25 % of global trade . 
  it means helping to fight corruption and bad governance across the world . 
  punjab , harry potter and soho  i was in the classroom in punjab , i asked the girls , i said who 's your favourite author ? 
  and what do you think they said ? 
  that 's right . 
  congratulations to the front row for paying attention . 
  they all as one virtually shouted out j.k. rowling . 
  i then asked them various other questions to which i 'm sure you all know the answers about who is the headmaster and so on and so forth , and they all knew that stuff . 
  i hope i 'm not being vulgar if i say that more sales of harry potter worldwide mean more business for uk publishing . 
  do n't they ? 
  and i hope it 's not too crude to say that means more jobs for people in this city , indeed more probably for all i know , more publishers lunches in soho . 
  the british pirates :  britain has a bigger diaspora as a proportion of our population , than any other large rich nation . 
  they 're bankers and diplomats and peacekeepers and aid workers scientists and ski instructors and oilmen and teachers , snooker players , movie stars , rock musicians , artists , poets , water slide testers chicken-sexers , and for all i know perhaps the odd pirate and scoundrel as well . 
  but their presence means that britain is more plugged in to events in distant countries than any other nation of our size and wealth . 
  and finally ... pineapple ... again - this time as jam  it is the miracle of globalisation combined with british branding genius that means we not only , every night , import pineapples from ghana but guess what ? 
  we take those pineapples and we chemically transform them , and we actually export pineapple jam to america . 
  can you believe that ? 
  americans . 
  please do n't leave us alone with the club med ... / s, 
  the `` nuggets '' : about pineapples :  and i am sure you all ate fruit for breakfast . 
  can you cast your mind back to breakfast ? 
  you 're all so young and thrusting that you probably do n't remember the time that i do , when pineapples came only in a tin with a gloopy syrup . 
  and pineapples were thought so generally exotic 100 years ago that architects would place them as finials on the top of the top of railings or pillars or other architectural features . 
  there are plenty of examples of those fruits outside this room on the streets of westminster . 
   but today there is a force that brings the pineapple , the papaya , the guava and the melon to london every night on the 10.30 flight from accra in ghana . 
  and actually i caught that flight myself in the last couple of weeks , i literally physically sat on top of 13 tonnes of chilled fruit , packed and ready to be distributed to the stalls of london , and i can tell you authoritatively that the same sliced fresh pineapple , retailing at rather different prices depending on whether it is going to aldi or to waitrose , is turning up in our shops the following morning . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the differential in prices , by the way , it 's called branding is n't it ? 
  * sucking bottles :  and people feel that they are n't getting a fair suck of the sauce bottle , as they say in australia , the wealth gap is growing . 
  and so there 's been a temptation amongst some politicians to respond in what i think is the wrong way , by hauling up the drawbridge and to call time on globalisation . 
  and i think that instinct is profoundly wrong and it makes no economic sense as i 'm sure everybody in this room today understands . 
  the pro-secco ... again :  we are not only the biggest single consumers of german cars but also of course of french champagne .
