  depends - what 's worse ? 
  140 lashes or `` half a year for 20 minutes ? '', 
   be another referendum wo n't happen ... 
  not that it matters much - but he was also convicted and will be punished :  hasan will receive 100 lashes for illicit sex acts and another 40 lashes as punishment for public drunkenness , and will be deported . 
  worst part is 2 years of negotiatioons ... equal to 2 years of unpredictability , instability ... and that 's what would hit the uk the hardest . 
   clearly the policy has proved non viable in its current state . 
  the uk seems to be the only one saying so ... 
  the chance the uk applies is 0 % ... 
  which decision ? 
   uk would n't be allowed in the single market noone said that - uk just would have to re-apply ... which would be hillarious, 
  here - have a part of it ( he truly was a simple mind ) :  even the most casual observer can see a firm , basic law that rules all the countless creatures in which nature expresses her will to live . 
  all of the different forms of animals keep within specific boundaries , within their own species , when propagating or multiplying their kind . 
  every animal only mates with another of the same species . 
  the titmouse pairs with the titmouse , the finch with the finch , the stork with the stork , the field-mouse with the fieldmouse , the house-mouse with the house-mouse , the wolf with the she wolf , etc. 
  its a common german saying . 
  they also pay a lot of money, 
  do n't forget we have 1/8-finals too this year . 
  can confirm . 
  those promotions are always insured, 
  on what grounds ? 
  devastating economic conditions ? 
  i laughed ... 
  correct, 
  mostly because the uk keeps bickering about that ;-), 
  moldova should win this easily ( when speaking about european ex-communist nations ) . 
  otherwise georgia has been fucked up hard . 
   the single market is the eea , which is not for the germans to deny . 
  actually it is - new members have to be decided unamiously . 
  so everyone has a veto . 
  see below, 
   but we fought in ww2 to stop that and want no part oh boy ... move on ...  should n't we be pissed that it 's now a 28 ` ever closer union ' why would you ? 
  the `` ever closeer union '' was there right from the start ; and the eu enlargement policy was strongly supported , if not pushed by uk gouvernments over time . 
  for once : quotas and traiffs cause more or less the same effects - and there will be quotas for some products . 
  for another : whenever the eu chooses to slap\u00fc tariffs on a product based on a valid argument ( see steel imports from china ... which have been declined by the uk ) they will . 
  considering the tendency to also subsidize the uk steel industry ( eg help tata ) the uk would obviously also face tariffs . 
   people will read it and simply vote out because the germans are bullying their way around europe like it 's the 1930s the only nation contionously wanting `` special treatment '' seems to be the uk though ... 
  so we 're all perfectly fine now ? 
  fine . 
   which is the situation they are already in . 
  same rules even . 
  nope - there are fundamental differences between a common market and a free-trade agreement . 
  read on here : * http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-36083664, 
  perhaps for the sake of argument :  single market a single market is like a free trade area in that there are no tariffs , quotas or taxes on trade but also where there is free movement of goods , services , capital and people . 
  that is why there is no limit on the number of french people who can come to the uk , or the number of british people who can live in spain , but there are limits on turks or ukrainians . 
  also , a single market strives to remove so-called `` non-tariff barriers '' - different rules on packaging , safety and standards and many others are abolished and the same rules and regulations apply across the area . 
  this is why there are eu-wide regulations covering a whole host of industries and products on everything from food standards and the use of chemicals to working hours and health and safety . 
  it is an attempt to create a level playing field and a single market ; this does n't happen in a free trade zone . 
  sure . 
  they get a freetrade agreement . 
  if they want to export they mostly have to follow the rules . 
  and they got tariffs whenever the eu feels like it . 
  ttip-uk . 
  freedom of speach ? 
  shakira law ? 
  you re sure you 're not from the us ? 
  council has to vote unanimous on such trade agreement . 
  each has a veto so each has the same value . 
  that is exactly what would happen . 
  if not there would not be any reason for the common market . 
  it seems kind of insensitive to actually discuss the meaning of that sentence , knowing who used it ... and with what intention . 
  grammar is perfect, 
  they sell everything besides the filet ... because we buy everything besides the rest, 
  honestly ? 
  you know where this sentence was used first ? 
  she let another one do the talking today . 
  chicken meat is cheaper as import from eu than most african nations own . 
  i like it, 
  from 100 % destruction to 98 % ? 
  nuclear war is like two guys sitting in a bathtub full of gasoline , and one lights a match ... 
  is that christmas a typo ? 
  otherwise : nice way to describe them . 
  that 's why i said it 'll take them time . 
  also interesting : * https://www.stratfor.com/geopolitical-diary/political-reunion-iraqi-kurdistan * https://www.stratfor.com/analysis/brief-guide-understanding-kurds ... and while landlocked - they still have some oil ( whatever that will be worth in 25years ), 
  hey ... at least they have their souvereignity back ... except not, 
  https://fullfact.org/europe/our-eu-membership-fee-55-million/ 8.5 bn ( pounds ) / year, 
  why would they care ? 
  a new kurdistan is inevitable . 
  first they will take northern iraq , then syria ... and after that turkey will be split . 
  anything else is dillusional . 
  might take another 25years though . 
  the very article you posted contradicts this ... :  considering this , pkk certainly has access to certain german-made weapons gained through means of donation , barter and purchasing in the region . 
  however , it is certain that their amount and efficiency are not at a level , which would prepare the ground for the claim of germany providing arms support to the pkk . 
  up for discussion - it seems neither did the eu `` destroy '' workers rights nor would the uk have been `` bare of workers rights '' without the eu - what happens after a brexit remains to be seen : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36434855, 
  * him : `` why do they allow the polacks to undercut me as a low-level worker ? '', 
  * her : `` the eu is the one finally introducing workers rights '' * him : `` fair enough - but we need to get rid of those foreigners - it 's all their fault '' destroys ? 
  could n't find that moment . 
  he is just a victim of a business-elite that taught people to hate downwards ... congratulations ... sheeple . 
  where would hitlers castle be ? 
  9bn/52 * 0,21 % = 36 mn euro/week for germany . 
  and even that does not take into account a smaller budget . 
  besides - as `` someone '' probably wants to stay part of the eea ... the contributions would not vanish ... but the rebate would ;-), 
  * some people just like to watch the world burn *, 
  this needs to be at least horse-sized to fulfill it 's role ... 
  did i say i support the bremainers ? 
  doing our part ;-), 
  this is the most relevant tech for years to come . 
  this knowledge should not leave country . 
  where is yours ? 
  : https://tr.wikipedia.org/wiki/katledilen_avrupal%c4%b1_yahudiler_an%c4%b1t%c4%b1 ( just for them i even choose the turkish entry ), 
  hah - would be perfect if it would overheat and break down .
