  yeah but its loaded with ideology and left propaganda and almost split . 
  i thought something like the austrian neos ( liberals ) , although i dont know too much about them . 
  or the german greens ... which are basically leftish-conservative by now . 
  why not go out and create a new one ? 
  no better times it seems . 
  pro european , not corruptable , antiausterity seems a good mix not represented now . 
  also no green party in greece ? 
  throw it into the mix seems like a receipt for success . 
  not the point . 
  noone can compare this , because incomparable tax system . 
  the fact that there is no land/property registration and many didnt care about tax should be considered embarrassing for a first world country either way . 
  the student and others in the same situation . 
  its not like 5min airtime will give you a residence permit . 
  property tax as far as i know . 
  the tax comes on the electricity bill , because they couldnt find another way how someone would actually pay it ... 
  there wo n't be any `` start '' next time . 
  it will be exit . 
  8/10 would start war again ... what a fucking rudiculous idea . 
  which bail-out ? 
  the 3rd programm is n't in any way related to debt-forgivness ? 
  ... which would be absorbed by the 3rd bailout , correct ? 
  and btw : i still do n't get why a haircut would change anything right now . 
  interest rates are almost neglectable , roll-over is allways from one programm to the next . 
  he wo n't ignore any contracts ... which leaves none of the 3 creditors to be able to haircut ... 
  not sensible , maybe reasonable and most likely not helpful in any way . 
  this just shows where the doubts are coming from and lead to a certain reluctance to believe in the words coming from greece . 
  my favourite is still good ol yanis : '' we dont need any more money '' even with a 100 % haircut greece needs external fundings for years to come . 
  poll-question in germany : `` do you believe the greek gouvernment will implement the reforms '' ? 
  : * yes : 15 %, 
  +1 for dacia ... and skoda ... and seat ... and minicooper ... and rolls-royce ... and ducati ... and bentley ... and aston martin ... and lamborghini ... -1 for failed ones : saab, 
  thats actually smoke and mirror by junkers . 
  they would receive the money anyway if they can finance at least 25 % of a project themselves ( precondition ) . 
  and again : no way to put that towards debt . 
  we still like you best !, 
  kiss n hug ... a german . 
  edit : actually 3 ( better 4 ) kisses as i learned from my french flatmate from bordeaux . 
  that isnt debt financing . 
  that is structural investment into defined projects . 
  anything else would violate the treaties . 
  let me copy this news here for you : * this will require a bridging loan of # 10bn - # 12bn , as the full bailout will not be agreed in time . 
  all 28 eu nations are expected to be asked to contribute . 
  however , george osborne immediately rejected the idea , according to treasury officials who said brussels was told that the # 1bn of uk funds in the esm should not be used for eurozone bailouts , in accordance with a 2010 agreement . 
  we were quite happy with all those corrupt politicians as long as they cancelled referendums and bought military supply . 
  that is something we have to remind ourselves about . 
  not being the first to throw the stone ... 
  which programs ? 
  we should all stop generalzing , although the german poll can be used legitemately : https://www.tagesschau.de/inland/deutschlandtrend-griechenland-101.html, 
  as far as i know 5k would be a perfect sample in germany . 
  1k seems a good estimate . 
  thats not up to her . 
  ecb and imf cant haircut . 
  probably . 
  we will see . 
  its different now . 
  they know there is no wiggle room and the creditors are willing to trigger the gun . 
  someone wrote this would be a golden chance to implement necessary reforms at lightning speed . 
  most of those would have been needed either way . 
  in germany it 's privatized mostly but has a public regulation board . 
  seems effective , because public owners keep complaining . 
  good sign . 
  i do n't think it would pass german parliament if finland opts out . 
  and that would be the end of the discussion , because of its share germany has a factual veto . 
  assets ( opinion about public/private ) : * energy grid ( private ) * water ( public ) * ports ( private ) * airports ( private ) * telecom ( private ) * railroad ( private ) * streets ( public ) * electricity/power ( private ) * health infrastructure ( public ) * gourvernment real estate ( public/private ) * postal service ( private ) pretty much all i can think of, 
  they 'll probably wait for wednesday after ratifying process in athens . 
  then they 'll up it and banks open . 
  it 's a tit for tat deal now . 
  hypo alpeadria was n't enough ? 
  as you said `` almost '' is better then absolute , which would have meant to leave the euro . 
  i hope they dont start raiding museums ... 
  i know this looks like `` german domination '' again , but we actually do have a valid blueprint for that : the treuhandanstalt ( `` trust agency '' ) , colloquially referred to as treuhand , was the agency that privatized the east german enterprises , volkseigene betriebe ( vebs ) , owned as public property . 
  created by the volkskammer on june 17 , 1990 , it oversaw the restructuring and selling of about 8500 state-owned companies with over four million employees . 
  at that time it was the world 's largest industrial enterprise , controlling everything from steel works to the babelsberg studios . 
  germany will pass . 
  on friday . 
  it 's not ... but it 's shady and shameless either way . 
  that actually is shameless ... 
  the 50bn privatization would go to luxemburg ... definitely not to kfw . ~ ~ that is correct and valid, 
  probably also about democracy ... the german electorate does not want to gurantee more money ... 
  just go there and volunteer, 
  ... only nixon could go to china ... 
  ping / u/savannajeff for tl , dr ... just joking, 
  energy for free ... or in other words : aluminium, 
  peg to currency is basically the same as using it . 
  they need to devalue ... well the markets will do that for them . 
  and iceland has an absolute unique product to export ... 
  mixture of unwillingness , incompetence , focus on negotiations and fear . 
  fear because ( leaked memorandum ) : amend or compensate for legislation adopted during 2015 which have not been agreed with the institutions and run counter to the program commitments ;, 
  because it enhances perspective . 
  something all the politicians seem lacking nowadays . 
  that 's right . 
  but does n't make much difference . 
  peg to ndm or eur . 
  i get the mechanism . 
  but i do n't get why every avg . 
  person in the lenders countries just hear '' another 70bn '' down the drain . 
  it 's another 5bn max from my understanding . 
  rest is just rollover . 
  and the rates the esm has to pay are probably close to 0.5 % . 
  ah ok . just watched it . 
  so the whole communication is basically a lie ?
