  when one single guy moved to florida their state balance sheet took a severe hit : https://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/01/business/one-top-taxpayer-moved-and-new-jersey-shuddered.html?_r=0, 
   manslaughter depends on whether a car is a weapon ? 
  i thought it depends on intention . 
  2 different approaches . 
  usually you need at least 2 criterions to convict someone of murder . 
  in this case intent and weapon usage . 
  if a car is a weapon is a very narrow definition . 
  it `` can '' be used as one , no doubt . 
  but is it per se ? 
  i doubt that ... otherwise we all would need a gun permit instead of a driving licence . 
   willful ignorance they guy had already 20 severe cases and no more licence ... 
  that 's wrong - gun itself is case enough . 
  the gun itself is argument enough for murder . 
  classified as `` dangerous to the public '' . 
  it would be murder . 
  but in this case they classified the car as weapon ... that 's where the argument becomes slightly weak . 
  well the law cares about it . 
  it 's a prerequisite to convict someone of murder . 
  `` expecting `` is not necessarily enough to get murder . 
  this needs at least a `` little `` intent . 
  there are good arguments to lower it to manslaughter . 
  they considered the car as more or less a `` weapon `` . 
  weak point . 
  sweden , luxembourg , some of the v4 . 
   scandals which ? 
  she never was directly connected to one . 
  and she rules germany since felt 10.000 bc and maybe could go extinct . 
  wilders is dyed though ... fake blonde ;-), 
  well ... that was n't the point why they would be rejected . 
  1 month before \u00a7 50 ? 
  respect !, 
  propaganda and education did it 's part, 
  the auditorium is the scary part ... 
  on a side note ( without being snarky ) : that 's why greece comfortably hits the 2 % gdp quota for nato ... declining gdp . 
  if they find enough people . 
  1mn job offerings are unmet and open in germany . 
  had a mexican neighbour working at audi , good guy , bring em in . 
  the saying goes : `` not voting a socialist at 20 shows you got no heart , still voting one at 40 means you got no brain ``, 
  no bad news on refugees ... 
  mostly plastic surgery or teeth stuff . 
  it 's a 1,2 bn $ industry germany-wide . 
  the arabs tend to visit munich , several thousands/year . 
  including their sportscar ( saw lambos with uae licence plate in munich on a few occassions ) . 
  they become a problem when the whole family rents private flats - for up to 400 $ / day . 
  the housing market in munich really is stressed, 
  tom cruise entered one in-flight . 
  must be good . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4w0u3tl8mwu but then again scotty hacked the shit out of it . 
  also a medical industry offering them `` luxury hospitals '' . 
   you are n't from the uk and isle of man uuuuh ... yeah well ... i think he pays his taxes to the queen ... in pound . 
  fun fact . 
  the impression '' made in germany '' was introduced in the uk to label inferior german products ( which they have been ) . 
  history kind of overtook them there . 
  you are preaching to the wrong man . 
   do we want to treat the problem at its root by not invading backwards shitholes and by giving aid to african countries ? 
  absolutely - saw any politican taking actions towards this ? 
  me neither . 
   if you sink the boat at a scenario you describe `` sinking the boats '' becomes the new normal ... not now , but maybe 10 years down the road . 
   why should n't we limit immigration from areas with vastly different views on the world to our own ? 
  why is that such an abhorrent stance to take ? 
  not wanting to start that discussion , but if you start to `` acknowledge the problem '' you need to start looking into the reasons why people flee . 
  the economic despair in africa ( which we as a western world have quite a lot of responsibility for , now and in former times ) , the wars in syria , iraq , afghanistan ( which again ... we did quite a lot to fuel ) and the general ecological pressure on areas ( which again was mostly caused by us ) will inevidently lead to masses moving in the coming decades . 
  and then we did have something like the area of enligthment and human rights declaration ( which are not restricted because they do have an inherent pricnciple ) , which we do not dare to sacrifice . 
  once you discuss `` the problem '' you need to discuss the above , and to this point noone touched the whole discussion . 
  from a today perspective it is necessary at one point to abandon parts of those principles and also readress the way we `` deal withn the world '' . 
  but the moment we shoot people at the wall around europe i want people like you to have thought this through and accept all consequences . 
  watch interviews with kellyanne conway . 
  she constantley moves the goalpost and just keeps babbling . 
  overemphasizing one thing , diminishing the other . 
  and also non-stop framing to set the agenda . 
  you can argue these kind of people , but it mostly gets drowned in noise , which will not end in a scenario you described, 
  my bad - mixed the `` details '' . 
  still , sweden is probably the only country where this counts towards a rape . 
  syriza at least claimes ( claimed ) to be ( far ) left . 
  the story of tsirpas and the eu is obviously a mixed bag . 
  the fact that they went into a coalition with the far right is not that suprising . 
  it 's called `` coming full circle '' ;-), 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  mixed the flags ... my bad . 
  on that religion thing : 13,4 % are muslims . 
  the reason pakisatan and bangladesh exists is the split of former india in muslim/non-muslim countries ... 
  just as london has citizens ( !! ), 
  from the former commonwealth , so does paris have from former maghreb and other colonies . 
  the factb that hungary never made it into colonization is maybe something to be proud of ... but also might help you put things into perspective . 
   far left politician who else ? 
   ended up in india those bad islamic indians at it again !, 
  ( disclaimer : swede 's are welcome to correct me ) . 
  assange 's case is maybe a perfect example . 
  besides the fact that every single act of rape , counts as one ( while in any/most other countries when raped continously in a marriage/relationship only counts towards one case ) the definition of rape is very broad . 
  so sleeping with a woman ( with consent ) but `` forgetting '' a condom ( like assange did ) is basically rape . 
  that 's the reasons why the numbers are much larger than everywhere else . 
  my bad - accidently said latin . 
  yes greek . 
  but bloodsucker = bloodeater, 
  it 's just ~ ~ latin ~ ~ greek for bloodsucker, 
   soft we will find a relation where international supply chains are not interupted ( like shipping engines , parts , etc. ), 
  where goods from either side get preferred treatment and it 'll be as easy as possible for qualified personal to get a visa . 
  if this happens on day 1 or not waits to be seen . 
  however there will not be a passporting right , european institutes will not remain in the uk and national regulations will not be accepted as sufficent . 
  what that will do for the economy also waits to be seen .
