  in a piece for the wall street journal , greg ip ( a friend and former colleague of this blogger ) does a nice job explaining the links between brexit and a tumbling pound . 
  markets anticipate that it will become more costly for british firms to sell goods and services to europe . 
  europeans will consequently buy fewer of them , and therefore fewer pounds , leading to a weaker currency . 
  that is , cheap sterling is part of the adjustment to a loss in british competitiveness : the mechanism by which britons come to spend less on foreign goodies ( now increasingly dear ) as the price of its choice to leave the eu . 
  as mr ip notes , that 's not all that 's going on . 
  britain is also in a fortunate position , able to produce valuable stores of wealth : british government bonds , london property , and sterling itself . 
  the ability to make such things , which foreigners like to hold , is a bit like owning a gold mine or rich oil deposits . 
  foreigners buy lots of those valuable things , pushing up sterling and making britons richer . 
  the downside is a touch of dutch disease ; exports are more expensive than they would otherwise be , and many industries therefore struggle to compete . 
  brexit threatens the value of those magical assets , however , and undoes the dutch-disease effect . 
  brexit is a little like saudi arabia swearing off the oil business , declaring it would rather work for an honest living even if that makes its people poorer . 
  that might sound noble , though it does make one reflect on the lack of policy imagination that led voters to make themselves poorer so that they could work harder for what they get . 
  mr ip closes with a very interesting set of thoughts : brexit is thus turning out to be a useful test case for deglobalization . 
  raising barriers to the free flow of goods , services , capital and people need not entail recession or panic . 
  it may even redress some of the grievances behind the anti-globalization backlash . 
  if britain exports fewer financial services and more manufactured goods and tourism , the income gap between london and the rest of the country should narrow.in the end , britons may be a bit poorer than if they 'd stayed , but more self-reliant and more in control of their own borders . 
  that 's the tradeoff . 
  two remarks on this . 
  first , it is not obvious to me that manufacturing industries will definitely be the big winners ( such as it is ) from brexit . 
  financial services are bound to be harmed , it is true . 
  yet british industry might find it more difficult to pivot to new foreign markets than british services . 
  in the trade of goods , distance matters ; `` gravity models '' of trade , which reckon that trade intensity is negatively associated with distance , do a surprisingly good job explaining actual trade patterns . 
  ironically , the digital revolution has reinforced the importance of distance by enabling the growth of supply-chain trade : the co-ordination of production across suppliers in lots of different countries . 
  if leaving the eu costs british firms their positions within the supply chains of factory europe , those firms will find it difficult to turn and embed themselves in the production chains of asia or north america ; such places are simply too far away . 
  this was always one of the great inanities of brexit . 
  leaving the eu does not change the fact that britain is right next door to a bunch of rich european countries and not especially close to anyone else . 
  and second , let me draw your attention to one very important word in that ultimate sentence : self-reliant . 
  what is this `` self '' ? 
  the typical briton will not become more self-reliant as a result of brexit . 
  the chap behind the bar at the pub will not suddenly find himself cobbling his own shoes and milling his own flour because of the vote to leave the eu . 
  mr ip seems to intend the self , in this case , to be britain . 
  that may have been what voters intended ; the assertion of the nation as the most important civic body is a disheartening development if so . 
  and that might be the outcome , in part , of brexit ; trade volumes will probably fall a bit , and as mr ip notes britons will spend less holiday time in provence and more in blackpool . 
  yet it 's also not quite right . 
  whether britain is selling gilts to foreigners or turnips , it is still reliant on them . 
  the self at issue here is actually something different . 
  it is a conservative sort of englishness , which entails the rejection of london as well as of brussels . 
  and what is being purchased , it should be clear , is the ability to shut particular people out of britain : those that are not enough like the community of selves on which the english intend to become more reliant . 
  it is a vote against cosmopolitanism and multiculturalism . 
  nothing in the decline in sterling is going to make that adjustment less painful to those being shut out of the circle of british life . 
  neither should it make us optimistic that deglobalisation can occur without a great deal of accompanying ugliness . 
  not only parts . 
  i got a whole 25men romanian software-testing unit from cluj in my project . 
  ( performing wonderful btw . ), 
  the german air controllers at frankfurt airport are renowned as a short-tempered lot . 
  they not only expect one to know one 's gate parking location , but how to get there without any assistance from them . 
  so it was with some amusement that we ( a pan am 747 ) listened to the following exchange between frankfurt ground control and a british airways 747 , call sign speedbird 206 . 
  speedbird 206 : '' frankfurt , speedbird 206 clear of active runway . '', 
  ground : `` speedbird 206 . 
  taxi to gate alpha one-seven . '', 
  the ba 747 pulled onto the main taxiway and slowed to a stop . 
  ground : `` speedbird , do you not know where you are going ? '', 
  speedbird 206 : `` stand by , ground , i 'm looking up our gate location now . '', 
  ground ( with quite arrogant impatience ) : `` speedbird 206 , have you not been to frankfurt before ? '', 
  speedbird 206 ( coolly ) : `` yes , twice in 1944 , but it was dark , -- and i did n't land . '', 
  nah it 's worse ... they piss on the deutschebank building which are lower ( because at the time when they 've been build there was a restriction in place ) . 
  and this was deliberately planned ... 
  putin did his best . 
  yeah well . 
  by now all the manufacturers do offer similar systems . 
  no refugee-related bad news came up . 
  brexit brought europe closer together ( no new `` merkel as hitler '' covers in v4/greece ) . 
  afd keeps making mistakes or overstepping the line ( `` petry and `` v\u00f6lkisch '' - discussion was too much ) . 
  industry still going strong ( +1.9 confidence last industry poll ) . 
  even sch\u00e4uble dreaming of tax-cuts . 
   `` fat finger warnings '' you understand what a `` fat fnger '' means ? 
  it 's literally having a fat finger hitting 2 keys on the keyboard at once and adding `` a zero '' at the end of the order . 
  in other words : human error, 
  because the story is ... old ? 
  fun read : http://polemics-pains.blogspot.de/2016/10/gbp-goes-eurchf-whats-going-on.html ( from a trding room 's perspective ), 
  again ... define adapt . 
  not reacting on a sos ? 
  it automatically goes up when the pound plunges ... 80 % of revenue of ftse companies are in ? 
  usd !, 
  * price of potato rises 25 % *, 
  not letting people drown ? 
  250bn assets ... 
  stopped at the atm . 
  what a bullshit comment . 
  none of this is close to reality for the majority . 
  and definitely none of this is reason to physically attack someone . 
  deutsche never had a bailout, 
  it cant go under . 
  it still has 250bn assets . 
  and even if . 
  its the worst systemic relevant bank . 
  it truly is to big to fail . 
  everyone knows . 
  because that is the ground it happened on first ? 
  please list the undemocratic parts below . 
  afterwards reveal what party you did vote for the last european vote . 
  if you like it 's basically `` bankster-fraudsters versus racists '' ... 
  i actually couldnt check the link , but it 's supposed to hold the portfolio of paula kawanishi . 
  and while she might be a little bit androgyn , she 's quite a women . 
  i would prefer brazil/japan - i always admire the potential female offspring ... 
  already done deal ... 
  `` a german was considered to be of migrant background if they did not have german nationality when they were born or if at least one of their parents had foreign nationality . '', 
  rpobably yes . 
  if you got the choice ... 
  because they become quite nationalistic ?
