  and as i never tire of telling you , italian prosecco as well . 
  we are pro-secco and by no means anti-pasti . 
  being like trump  and that is why we will shortly have two giant aircraft carriers , 70,000 tons apiece , capable of projecting british power worldwide - including through the malacca straits , which channel over 25 % of global trade . 
  it means helping to fight corruption and bad governance across the world . 
  punjab , harry potter and soho  i was in the classroom in punjab , i asked the girls , i said who 's your favourite author ? 
  and what do you think they said ? 
  that 's right . 
  congratulations to the front row for paying attention . 
  they all as one virtually shouted out j.k. rowling . 
  i then asked them various other questions to which i 'm sure you all know the answers about who is the headmaster and so on and so forth , and they all knew that stuff . 
  i hope i 'm not being vulgar if i say that more sales of harry potter worldwide mean more business for uk publishing . 
  do n't they ? 
  and i hope it 's not too crude to say that means more jobs for people in this city , indeed more probably for all i know , more publishers lunches in soho . 
  the british pirates :  britain has a bigger diaspora as a proportion of our population , than any other large rich nation . 
  they 're bankers and diplomats and peacekeepers and aid workers scientists and ski instructors and oilmen and teachers , snooker players , movie stars , rock musicians , artists , poets , water slide testers chicken-sexers , and for all i know perhaps the odd pirate and scoundrel as well . 
  but their presence means that britain is more plugged in to events in distant countries than any other nation of our size and wealth . 
  and finally ... pineapple ... again - this time as jam  it is the miracle of globalisation combined with british branding genius that means we not only , every night , import pineapples from ghana but guess what ? 
  we take those pineapples and we chemically transform them , and we actually export pineapple jam to america . 
  can you believe that ? 
  americans . 
  ... in my office ... 
  at least it 's not as bad as it used to be in the us . 
  i recently read this article : https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/17/magazine/what-americans-wrote-to-obama.html?_r=0 and there are 2 letters from a soldier that brings you almost to tears ... : 1st , before it was ok to be gay in the us military :  dear mr. president ,  ( because the person i love can be dishonorably discharged for loving me back , even though he is honorably serving his country right now in iraq , i have to send this letter anonymously . 
  it pains me to have to do so . ), 
   my partner is currently serving in iraq , and is in a situation where he is under fire on a daily basis . 
  he 's a good soldier , and our country needs him to continue doing the excellent job that he has been recognized for . 
   the day he deployed , i dropped him off far from his base 's main gate , and he walked alone in the dark and the rain to report for duty . 
  where the rest of his buddies were surrounded by spouses and children at mobilization ceremonies , he stood by himself . 
   the phone trees do n't have my name on them , and base support services do n't apply -- even though we 've been together for 16 years and are raising a beautiful child together . 
  our communication is self-censored , and we are cruelly unable to nurture each other at the exact moment we both need it the most . 
   if something were to happen to him , no one from his unit will call me . 
  if , like so many good soldiers before him , he gives that last full measure of devotion , no one will come knock on my door . 
  no one will present me with a flag . 
  it is , and would be , as if the most important thing in his life -- his family -- never existed . 
  * and second after that :  july 4 , 2014  dear mr. president ,  on aug. 3 my husband , david lono brunstad , will be promoted to senior master sergeant , and i 'll be there to hand him his new shirt with the extra stripes on it . 
   [ ... ] my husband will deploy next june , but this time his pack will be a little lighter without the worry of whether or not his family will be taken care of . 
  sir , i doubt that i will ever be able to thank you in person , so i just need you to know that this military family will always be grateful for all you have done for us . 
   with sincere gratitude , darin konrad brunstad vancouver , wash. * edit : keep messing the format, 
  `` are your french ? 
  do you know them ? 
  i 'd love to meet them - do you want to setup a meeting ? '', 
  ( for reference : http://edition.cnn.com/videos/politics/2017/02/16/donald-trump-cbc-congressional-black-caucus-elijah-cummings-sot-nr.cnn ), 
  it 's a mistral-class ... assaulting a beach ? 
  not sure ... as of now everyone seems to settle on the half-assed existing law . 
  he has a good looking mistress ... : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/julie_gayet, 
  german here ... still late, 
  it all was on a humorous tone and we had a good laugh ... just banter . 
  do n't be too pc, 
  best office-conversation i heard : french colleague : `` could you lend me your hole punch please ? '', 
  german colleague : `` not sure ... you never bring things back - just like elsace-lothringen !, 
  can be used ... but is n't one per se . 
  ups ... countries have n't been part of my search pattern ... 
   joined the sub a week or so ago i thought this is a default ? 
  next stops : * sofia ( 1.316.557 ) , * milano ( 1.344.110 ) , * munich ( 1.542.886 ), 
   sybian the fact you know the name of the machine ( and i obviously also ... ) gives pretty deep insight in your browser history ... 
  as always there is a historic case to be made ... : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swing_riots * the swing riots were a widespread uprising by agricultural workers ; it began with the destruction of threshing machines in the elham valley area of east kent in the summer of 1830 , and by early december had spread throughout the whole of southern england and east anglia . 
  as well as the attacks on the popularly hated , labour-displacing threshing machines , the protesters reinforced their demands with wage and tithe riots and by the destruction of objects of perceived oppression , such as workhouses and tithe barns , and also with the more surreptitious rick-burning , and cattle-maiming . 
  the first threshing machine was destroyed on saturday night , 28 august 1830 , and by the third week of october more than 100 threshing machines had been destroyed in east kent . 
  yeah well ... since than it also went bankrupt several times ... 
  someone famous said : `` the germans make the things , that make the things , which make the things '' . 
  noone knows the companies , but there are hundreds of world-market leaders . 
  we could head over to / r/recht to ask the lawyers . 
  they also have a discussion for this one up : https://www.reddit.com/r/recht/comments/5wg1eq/t%c3%b6dliches_autorennen_in_berlin_raser_wegen_mordes/?st=izpj54dj&amp;sh=85996ace, 
  see below - davos with 1560m, 
  i 'd assume blindfolding yourself is `` intent '' enough ... but again - on sea and before a judge you are in gods hand , so the saying goes . 
  ( charts - see orginal article ) : snap av : brexit , and trump and le pen , oh my !, 
  no , but seriously , this time is different . 
  polling wise , that is . 
  probably . 
  some more deutsche to put le pen 's polling gaps into a brexit/trump context . 
  with our emphasis : in the us , polls underestimated trump support in the popular vote over clinton by 1.9 pp . 
  in the case of brexit , in the week before the referendum , polls ' average margin of error versus the final result was 6.2 pp the following graphs trace the history of polls in the six months prior to the vote for brexit , and from the day trump and clinton were the official nominees in the us . 
  the solid lines represent actual polling data . 
  the dotted lines adjust for the margin of error . 
  we apply the brexit and trump margins of error to the le pen-fillon gap and the le pen-macron gap in the french second-round polls . 
  for example in the latest poll , fillon would get about 57 % of the votes in the second round and le pen 43 % . 
  this means that the gap between them is about 13 percentage points . 
  adjusting for the brexit margin of error , as in figure 3 below , suggests that the actual gap could be 7 percentage points . 
  adjusting for the trump margin of error in figure 4 below suggests the actual gap could be 12 percentage points . 
  le pen 's momentum up to the beginning of last week is apparent but has since retreated a little . 
  even if french polls are off to the same extent as brexit polls were , they still suggest that her victory is unlikely . 
  that said , in the last few weeks , the risks of a le pen victory appear to have increased . 
   new jersey to florida , not new york nyc is n't in the list and i meant new jersey ( vs. bavaria in this case ), 
  well , usually they go for 2 criterias - so it 's up for discussion . 
  but i think using an actual gun and just blasting it should be sufficient in it 's own right . 
  i 'm not a lawyer though . 
  as i said above the argument is weak but not unreasonable ... as it probably will go to the next court level we will see . 
  need to add info : those are capitals only . 
  highest city actually is davos , switzerland with 1.560 m, 
  that 's a good one sir - have an upvote, 
  almost dead sea-fashion . 
  germany : 1mn unmet job openings ... 
  then i was like `` but which actually is the highest one ? '', 
  it 's andorra la vella ( europe ) with 1.011 m or madrid ( eu ) with 667m, 
  `` tips on hat '' a very accurate view on eu from a us citizen - i thank you sir . 
  the pension thing although is not really a big european thing . 
  the age pyramid gets twisted all over the ( 1st ) world . 
  japan will be hit much worse . 
  suprised argentina has 580bn gdp, 
  nj is quite botched though .
