  italy . 
  just bring them to italy / s, 
  most of the debts pre2010 did go to greece ... maybe to wrong ppl , wrong investments . 
  but its not like it all `` just happened '', 
  it may not be one-sided , but watch the rest of europe speed up to greece proportions on monday . 
  wow ... austerity tax is a new one . 
  is it directly forwarded to berlin ? 
  even on receiving austerity ;-), 
  someone in uk should check out them for hightened activity : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/de_la_rue, 
  probably gets a pension from germany , incl . 
  benefits from beeing a coal miner . 
  just saying ... these pensions wont be cutted . 
  didnt say his plan works out . 
  but he had one . 
  he did : * that greece has the right and the opportunity to deploy these bargaining cards there is no doubt . 
  the important question is this : what if berlin and frankfurt do not budge ? 
  what if they tell athens to ` go jump of the tallest cliff ' ? 
  the greek government currently claims that it has a budget surplus . 
  while i strongly doubt this claim , i suspect that a small primary surplus can be concocted through some additional cost cutting and a leximin squeeze of top public sector incomes downwards ( without affecting the lowest incomes , pensions and benefits ) . 
  that should suffice to allow the athens government to meet its needs during any medium term standoff with berlin and frankfurt , as the greek state will need no financing either from the official sector or from the money markets . 
  in short , the answer to a german `` go jump '' can be : `` we shall not jump but we shall stay rock solid within the eurozone and behind our demand for a debt conference . 
  just watch us . '' berlin and frankfurt will , undoubtedly , be furious . 
  they will issue a variety of threats , including the suspension of structural fund flows from brussels . 
  ** but the real battleground will be the banks . 
  as they did with cyprus , where they threatened the government with an immediate suspension of the island nation 's ela , so too in the case of greece they will threaten to pull the plug on the greek banks . 
  ** two points need to be made here . 
  first , the greek banks no longer hold any greek government debt , which means that their collateral with the european system of central banks can not be downgraded legally . 
  secondly , frankfurt will have to think twice before it issues the threat of bending its own rules to close down greek banks -- since doing this would threaten to engulf the whole of the periphery 's banking system into another cascading panic . 
  confronted with such a reality , i have good cause to hope that berlin will prefer to accommodate the greek government and to look with a great deal more ` kindness ' the ` request ' for a debt relief conference . 
  and if it does not , and wishes to bring the eurozone down with it , let it do its worst , i say . 
  * ( c ) http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2014/04/14/greeces-grand-decoupling-the-nuclear-option-and-an-alternative-strategy-a-comment-on-munchau/, 
  probably plane . 
  europe was in rubbles ? 
  i beg to differ ... my place of birth had no structure  90cm at a 3km radius from center of city ... i wo n't complain , but that 's not the scenario in 1945 in other countries . 
  you ca n't sell debt relief to people in ez now . 
  but you could have done so 1-2yrs down the road , some greek success stories and reforms . 
  everyone knows the debt is not sustainable ... but the interest payments is not making much difference as are the lowest possible . 
  yes i agree . 
  basically the plan went as he thought till probably some time yesterday/today . 
  he was absolutely willing to lett the imf timeline pass - but he thought the markets would bulge as much as the greek people . 
  turns out closing banks did hit the greek ppl . 
  much harder then thought and they might actually go for a `` yes '' . 
  even worse ... not much care about the `` no '' anymore ... for all we see not the markets . 
  worst of all : the stake used in that gamble are the greek ppl ... and that 's really sad . 
  edit : what he absolutely miscalculated ( it shows he 's no politican ) is the thougths and sentiments of all the other citizens in ez . 
  noone would agree to give them one cent now without strong controls written in contracts . 
  whichever head of state would even try , would risk his job . 
  ( ... try to bring a 3rd bailout through bundestag now ), 
  i guess having a country in ruins ( literally rubble ) is a fair consequence ... but not comparqable to greece . 
  * that greece has the right and the opportunity to deploy these bargaining cards there is no doubt . 
  the important question is this : what if berlin and frankfurt do not budge ? 
  what if they tell athens to ` go jump of the tallest cliff ' ? 
  the greek government currently claims that it has a budget surplus . 
  while i strongly doubt this claim , i suspect that a small primary surplus can be concocted through some additional cost cutting and a leximin squeeze of top public sector incomes downwards ( without affecting the lowest incomes , pensions and benefits ) . 
  that should suffice to allow the athens government to meet its needs during any medium term standoff with berlin and frankfurt , as the greek state will need no financing either from the official sector or from the money markets . 
  in short , the answer to a german `` go jump '' can be : `` we shall not jump but we shall stay rock solid within the eurozone and behind our demand for a debt conference . 
  just watch us . '' berlin and frankfurt will , undoubtedly , be furious . 
  they will issue a variety of threats , including the suspension of structural fund flows from brussels . 
  ** but the real battleground will be the banks . 
  as they did with cyprus , where they threatened the government with an immediate suspension of the island nation 's ela , so too in the case of greece they will threaten to pull the plug on the greek banks . 
  ** two points need to be made here . 
  first , the greek banks no longer hold any greek government debt , which means that their collateral with the european system of central banks can not be downgraded legally . 
  secondly , frankfurt will have to think twice before it issues the threat of bending its own rules to close down greek banks -- since doing this would threaten to engulf the whole of the periphery 's banking system into another cascading panic . 
  confronted with such a reality , i have good cause to hope that berlin will prefer to accommodate the greek government and to look with a great deal more ` kindness ' the ` request ' for a debt relief conference . 
  and if it does not , and wishes to bring the eurozone down with it , let it do its worst , i say . 
  * ( c ) http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2014/04/14/greeces-grand-decoupling-the-nuclear-option-and-an-alternative-strategy-a-comment-on-munchau/, 
  you keep confusing culture , race , ethnicity , country ... 
  ask the folks at / r/investing they talk a lot about china, 
  poland is quite happy with sloty . 
  and it 's not pegged . 
  they could devalue quite good in 2010 . 
  not now . 
  unlikely before . 
  the worst problem is probably the feeling that nothing happens in greece . 
  nothing gets done . 
  ( impression ... not said that it 's true . 
  but between unfinished privatization , missing land registration and lagardelist not much success stories became visible ) . 
  it is obvious that a haircut is necessary , but you ca n't break that to ppl . 
  now . 
  you could have after some success . 
  and that was the idea . 
  postpone payments for a year then bring haircut through national parliaments . 
  now this plan is miles away . 
  rich ? 
  as head of what is probably best described as a bank ? 
  earning 380k ? 
  where does this put her compared to let 's say bnp ? 
  or to goldman sachs ? 
  probably between 10 and 20 % . 
  needs to pass 4 parliaments ... 
  should have one open slot soon ... 
  not much difference in earning 750k and paying taxes ... or 350 and not doing it ... she 's working for a supranational institution ... so where should that tax go anyway ? 
  correct . 
  could n't think of many doing that job for this money . 
  ok ... besides being power-hungry . 
  but still : it 's a low wage for heading a `` bank '' . 
  http://images.businessweek.com/cms/2015-07-01/bn_070115_9315.pdf full letter . 
  btw : * 3 . 
  pensions : the 2010 reform will be fully implemented but the 2012 reform ( sustainability factor ) will be postponed until the new legislative re form is implemented in october 2015 * ... 
  sometimes i wonder if it 's a cultural thing .
