   399 mps voted yes , 226 voted no . 
  typical germany : delay and discuss for years . 
  slowly progress towards it . 
  finally open the flood gates and make it the law in 2days . 
  legalizing dope will be next ... in 5years, 
  on a side note : she herself voted against . 
  probably cross-reference with this list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lists_of_world_heritage_sites_in_europe, 
  uuuh . . you got that wrong . 
  merkel is probably the most opportunistic politician out there - basically she decides upon polls . 
  whenever a topic reches a certain theshold - she considers . 
  when th favour tips - she switches opinion ( with or without dinner ) . 
  so in a sense - shes perfectly doing exactly what you propose . 
  call it a rebriefing . 
  the us base might be somewhat more of a deterrent, 
  on of the demands from sa was `` close down al-jazeera '' ... says it all ... 
  which isnt the reason they come ... 
  oh it does . 
  it just says someone protect border , pay africa and deny entry ... someone should . 
  good summary . 
  and no matter how this is handled , the problem wont go away anyway . 
  and i didnt see any proposal other than `` not my fucking problem '' . 
  neither from v4 nor from anyone else . 
  which mistake ? 
  merkel isnt even in that picture, 
  more like the moment he did it, 
  that guy is crazy and i love his books, 
   last june , in the days immediately after the referendum , david cameron wanted to reassure eu citizens they would be allowed to stay . 
  all his cabinet agreed with that unilateral offer , ** except his home secretary , mrs may , who insisted on blocking it . 
   there should be some reasonable compromise on this . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/7143fcde-4a05-11e7-a3f4-c742b9791d43?mhq5j=e2  poland rejects ` protectionist ' eu labour market reform  changes for workers who move countries would stoke divisions , minister warns  the eu risks alienating its central and eastern member states if it pushes ahead with planned reforms to its labour market , poland 's europe minister has warned . 
   the european commission last year put forward a new version of the so-called posted workers directive , which governs the terms under which people living in one eu state can be temporarily `` posted '' to work in another . 
   the proposals would make it more difficult for companies to hire cheap workers in one country and then post them to richer nations without obeying all national employment rules , such as industry wage agreements . 
   although the plans are backed by western european countries including france , germany and the netherlands , they have been vehemently opposed in central and eastern europe . 
  last year 11 countries attempted to block the commission from proposing the legislation but brussels pressed on . 
   `` freedom of labour is one of the principal aspects of the treaties , and if this was to change it would be a big hit to the credibility of integration itself , '' konrad szyma\u0144ski , poland 's europe minister , said . 
  `` it could lead to a more distanced view of integration from countries in cee . 
  this is not in the eu 's interest . ''  france has long argued for tighter rules . 
  the then prime minister manuel valls said last year that the existing law amounted to `` social dumping '' and that france would ignore it if it were not overhauled . 
  new president emmanuel macron has urged the european commission to push ahead with the reforms . 
   mr szyma\u0144ski said poland welcomed mr macron 's election victory , but rejected claims of social dumping , arguing that the polish government had sought to push up social standards in the country by raising the minimum wage and investing more in research and development . 
   he added that reforms that in effect curbed the rights of citizens from eastern countries to work freely across the eu risked stoking divisions within the bloc . 
  brussels is already embroiled in a fierce row with warsaw and budapest on controversial topics such as migration . 
   the new rules would ensure that posted workers would not be able to undercut industry-wide wage agreements , which are common in heavily regulated labour markets such as france and germany . 
  eastern member states argue that this removes a competitive advantage enjoyed by their workers -- the fact that they cost less . 
   `` the problem with the changes to the rules on transport and the posting of workers is that it is a protectionist measure wrapped up in social packaging , '' said mr szyma\u0144ski . 
  `` this is how macron will be rewarded , and it is not fair because it means that cee is the only part of the eu who are going to pay for his great victory , '' he said . 
   the size of the opposition among member states means that the legislation will struggle to pass through the council of the european union . 
   `` it 's like the british case . 
  the uk showed it was unhappy about freedom of movement and was offered a deal last february . 
  now france is showing that it is unhappy and they are going to be rewarded with changes to the common market . 
  this is a bad lesson for cee . 
  we do not expect special treatment , but this is simply not fair , '' mr szyma\u0144ski said . 
   the european commission did not respond to a request to comment . 
   competitor a more/fully uk-based manufacturer would per definition win this race ( in case of hard brexit/no deal ) . 
  i assume there are few - jaguar and landrover maybe . 
  well it 's a no-brainer . 
  tarifs and export regulations would make the cars either more expensive , or also not available in the uk . 
  the shared/international supply-chain of companies owned by germany and situated in the uk ( mini , rolls-royce - but also nissan ) would take a heavy hit , if it would encounter sudden trade barriers . 
  for a french your knowledge of geography is astoundingly close to an american ;-), 
  they need to keep up with the complaints ... every 100 you simply change the company ... 
  yes definitley . 
  cologne is ugly ... not necessarily shabby . 
  from cologne i can walk 5 minutes and enter eg the fr\u00fch brewery and sit outside at a nice place in the shade . 
  in ffm you could either walk to the hell ` sangels hq , the vr bank hight-tower , or a bordell within 5 minutes ... 
  probably not ... as the brother of the us eductation secretary is the founder of blackwater te word `` sketchy '' does not even come close . 
  granted there is no more shabby centralstation area than frankfurt . 
  but it 's a small one ... just right where you would welcome new arrivals ... 
  so private armies build their own airforce now ? 
  this exhibition explores the story of three remarkable german princesses : caroline of ansbach , augusta of saxe-gotha , and charlotte of mecklenberg-strelitz , all of whom married into the british royal family in the eighteenth century, 
  neither are the ideas new , nor were they ever fundamentally rejected by germany . 
  the preconditions set right , the common budget and the common finance secretary are the obvious way forward . 
  on the weekend i drove down the a45 , which has probably 50 bridges . 
  contrary to public believe , every single bridge was under construction - really each of them . 
  so yes - work started . 
  jewish goldbars would have done the deal even better, 
  queen lizzy is more or less german, 
  nope . 
  source ? 
  there have a comprehensive overview : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/, 
  yeah . 
  she personally bombed aleppo and introduced dictatorship in eritrea . 
  i remember voting for it ... 
  how long since the election you couldnt get a coalition ? 
  4 months ? 
  uuuuuh ... i kind of doubt that ... 
  haha italy ... everyone tries to push his fiat 500 like a ferrari . 
   having such big differences is just gon na create more tensions au contraire - it 's the only way forward , especially as long as you have a common currency . 
  and i say that as a citizen of a net-contributing country . 
  just do n't come along witgh eurobonds , as long as we did not unify further gouvernance-bodies . 
  you mean because putin now kind of leads 2 major powers ? 
  trump is an external threat though ... 
  from the perspective of a country on its knees ... probably yes, 
  fair enough . 
  still dont want it ;-), 
  right . 
  please not , we also do absolutely not feel like financing another rebuild of an area ruined by communism . 
  wan na see the germans rioting ? 
  go on ... 
   you think inviting a million economic migrants was the right thing ? 
  objectively never happened ... : https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/?st=j3fnjgxr&amp;sh=abecd91e,
