  wow 105 comments ... 
  but hey - at least i could agree with him at one point :  we have reached the point at which every day that passes without cameron invoking article 50 constitutes evidence , not only of cameron 's abject cowardice , but , also , of his treason . 
   because of the decades hungary was under soviet rule , it could not be expected to be as willing and able to take in refugees as countries such as germany and sweden . 
  what a fucked-up non-argument . 
  i guess we all could agree to some common ground - but based upon such bullshit ? 
   warsaw in particular had welcomed britain 's insistence that the eu should concentrate on ** expanding ** rather than deepening the eu . 
  so ... turkey or ukraine ? 
  which is first ? 
  0 to godwin in 2 comments ... wow, 
  3 at the end cameron was the first to run . 
  you are not alone : https://twitter.com/iainmartin1/status/749897862293708800, 
  that ... took me a moment ... 
  which obviously is off the table since last week ... 
   working mothers is slowly getting better . 
  or in other words : clock is ticking and they cant delay it anymore . 
  now you also can admit it : `` thx eu '', 
  are you sick ? 
  and it makes complete sense when juncker says ceta will be decided by the european parliament, 
  you have absolutely no understanding of the single market , correct ? 
  edit : watch this : https://youtu.be/ustypbked8y, 
  what has europe ever done for us ? 
  oh , i like to watch the accounting girls just as much . 
  do not fear - nothing will happen to you in germany . 
  maybe all of you need some comforting or so it seems . 
  here have a video-entry from a regular redditor - englishman in germany : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpjj52cozri, 
  as olympics is also a massive marketing event ... unsure if all the companies would put the same money into it year after year, 
  some have an agenda ... ask those two big countries to the east ... 
   reasonable i did read about it - very thorough planning and budget - still a net-negative as far as i remember . 
  no i #m not - whenever i read `` if he does not , i wo n't either '' - that 's dick-measuring . 
   more diversity nah - no distractions for you code-monkeys !, 
  seems a dick-measuring contest though : http://en.delfi.lt/lithuania/politics/mayor-pledges-to-take-steps-to-prevent-moscow-house-from-opening-in-vilnius.d?id=68799618, 
  ah cmon - let the german have a little bit political uncorrect realpolitic fun & pun, 
  neither one existed in relevant times :p, 
  that only means poland was too big all along !, 
  so let 's see ... brexit : pro : * end of austerity * pesky brits stopped complaining * london 's about to go down * free scotland contra : * economy is about to go down in all of eu * suddenly again euro and nonperformingloans on the agenda ( italy , spain ) * uncertain if more referendums - or finally a move forward in the eu, 
  you got ta love europe , right ? 
  less every day you ask ;-), 
  btw : for anyone want to have some insight i strongly recommend the ft-blog : http://ftalphaville.ft.com/ it 's free after registration, 
  as of now scots not have a button to push ... yet, 
  i mean the germans go to spain to recruit people - might be an idea to go to argentina/mexico to recruit people ? 
   it girl is she good-looking ? 
  we mostly have the romanian nerds over here :-(, 
   op people that do not realize the ftse100 companies make money outside of the uk and in $ $ $ for 200 please, 
  which was the last city to have a net benefit from hosting the olympics ? 
  la in \u00b4 84 ? 
  after reading the headlight ... do you think they do ? 
  worst in milano is it 's basically double the rain than any other city on that list ... probably even tops london . 
   i wonder if there 's enough information about ultimate losses coming out to provide estimates for the kind of service cuts that can be expected if brexit goes through . 
  obviously not ... too less information, 
   how about dab of paint and more green areas ? 
  this is the main city marketing - they will rebuild half of the ( admittingly ugly ) city for the banksters : http://frankfurt-main-finance.com/en/  also , about those prostitutes ... 
  there are enough in frankfurt ... it has the biggest trade fares in europe - they know how to deal with sudden testosterone influx, 
  * accessible cocaine * affordable luxury real estate * no speed limit for supercars ( :p ) * easy access to nature to me it very much looks like frankfurt ;-), 
  it is worth noting , though , that the uk could be thrown out of the eu by the other member states under article 60.2 of the vienna convention if it was guilty of a `` material breach '' of its treaty obligations -- which , it 's important to realise , will apply after article 50 notification right up to the moment the uk actually withdraws . 
  the relevant parts of article 60 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) read : 2 . 
  a material breach of a multilateral treaty by one of the parties entitles : ( a ) the other parties by unanimous agreement to suspend the operation of the treaty in whole or in part or to terminate it either : ( i ) in the relations between themselves and the defaulting state , or ( ii ) as between all the parties ; ... 3 . 
  a material breach of a treaty , for the purposes of this article , consists in : ( a ) a repudiation of the treaty not sanctioned by the present convention ; or ( b ) the violation of a provision essential to the accomplishment of the object or purpose of the treaty . 
  the european union law ( emergency provisions ) bill promised by vote leave even before the uk negotiated its withdrawal might well constitute a material breach , given that it 'd mean refusing to recognise the jurisdiction of the european court of justice . 
  being thrown out would n't be very attractive , as it 'd mean there 'd be no agreement for instance about the protection of the rights of british companies and citizens elsewhere in the eu . 
   germany with macroeconomic imbalances ? 
  while there is not set consequence for that one ... 
  sure . 
  in germany at registration . 
  but there are no body searches . 
  also ftse100 companies make revenue outside uk in $ . 
  cheap way to buy future $ earnings in # . 
  look at ftse250 or 350 for uk small caps . 
  ah cmon - this was n't low quality ... it was a cheerful good humoured one . 
  and absolutely relevant . 
  good find - interesting read . 
  so now we are back to realpolitik . 
  no more sugar-coating . 
  is n't that obvious ? 
  this `` law '' is nothing special - same exsits in switzerland , germany - most likely everywhere . 
  whenever you receive stateside benefits you need to be in need . 
  just the same as any citizen on benefits . 
   21 march 1871 i would say 18.1.1871 is more important - bismarck at versailles, 
  immigration is still working - just look at the afd or the fp\u00d6 . 
  he can run for years on the `` no more brown people '' theme . 
  did you listen to sapin ? 
  he did not say anything like this . 
  he just said : `` everythings up for discussion now , but the uk not in the same position as before '' . 
   mrs mikeemoo for one i actually googled `` mikeemoo '' to find out more ... which did find an entry on reddit , which brought me back here ... 
  you say this as if it would be a bad thing ... ;-), 
  probably 8th of may 1945 . 
  one could argue it 's the 18th of january 1871 ( germanys actual start ) or even 25th of december 800 ( charlemagne gets crowned ), 
  q : you are home secretary , and responsible for immigration . 
  and remain lost because of immigration . 
  so why should people trust you to control it ? 
  may says she has done this . 
  she has sat around the table in europe . 
  and she delivered in europe . 
  other people have delivered in europe too . 
  like boris johnson . 
  the last time he did a deal with the germans , he came back with three nearly new water cannon . 
   majority not by `` foreigners '', 
   french say britain could have trade deal http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/684740/french-say-britain-could-have-new-brexit-deal-on-migration-michel-sapin-newsnight it 's an absolute non-information . 
  he basically said : all up for discussion , but the uk wo n't have the same position than before . 
  steal thqat whole thread, 
  boy - if i would be a uk citizen i would absolutely call for a martial law execution of the main traitors ...
