  people will continue to flee and seek a better life . 
  this will continue even if germany refuses to take in 1 more refugee . 
  the best example is the mexican border - mexicans escape a more or less 1st world country with close to zero chances to get accepted in the us over a wall ... what do you think a syrian guy might try , after his house is bombed to rubbles , his son is dead and he starves . 
  or for that case an erithrean , forced to conscription without end . 
  all of that does not offer a solution , and all of that remains unsustainable ... but `` blaming germany '' is not a solution . 
  it becomes true soon, 
  not my day ... failed geography ... 
  just to play the devils advocate : ~ ~ if this happens and germany closes the border you are the guranator of the european schengen-border ... and just as you now expect greece to protect its border everyone would expect you to do that exactly as professional as you 'd like the greek to do it . ~ ~, 
  basic flaw of this reasoning : `` all of germanys problems shall be austrian problems . '', 
  no - all of europes problems are austrian problems . 
  or basically shoot them ... 
  so while i understand what you say - the preferred solution would be that germany refuses all of them ? 
  because sooner or later this will happen . 
   if germany 's stubborness is the problem it 's part of the problem ... but for sure not the major part . 
  so it would solve close to nothing . 
  his inner fp\u00d6-identitiy, 
  yes - acknowldeged ... see edit above, 
  true ... but i also wrote `` reduce '' not `` stop '' . 
  edit : that btw is the perfect reasoning towards `` it 'll stop as soon as germany refuses them '' : to my understanding there is close to zero chance to `` officially '' immigrate/get asylum as a mexican in the us . 
  and even the `` wall '' cant stop them . 
  and i think it 's much more pleasant to live in mexico than erithrea . 
  the more important question is * what happens if germany `` changes plan '' and refuse/cap the amount accepted ? 
  ... for greece nothing changes . 
  shots ** not ** been fired ... for the better, 
  i wonder what would happen if we ceased to patrol the border at all ... 
  that 'll show them , right ? 
  that 's the major question . 
  as stated before : before the ( very debatable ) announcement of mrs. merkel to not send ppl . 
  back the estimation already was 800k . 
  the final number was 1.1 mio . 
  so from this perspective 20 % `` pull '' - factor ( can be solved by refusing asylum ... which is btw . 
  illegal ) and 80 % `` push '' - factor ( can be reduced by stopping the syrian war ... ) . 
  will always be desperate enough to try it . 
  and even if the eu would basically end asylum ( which is not feasible ) the maybe irrational hope for a better life will attract at least half of the ppl . 
  that are coming now . 
  the only option really would be to vote fdp again ... i swore never to do that ... but at this point . 
  whoever ? 
  who ist that ? 
  you mean another reason than hosting 2.5 mio refugees alrteady ? 
  ca n't think of one ... 
  is n't it all tuborg ? 
  see edit, 
  see edit, 
  so they agreed and now disagree and call a referendum ? 
  edit : ah they voted against , but it had n't to be unanimous . 
  so now they challenge the decision . 
  understood . 
  remaining question : why do n't they challenge it before euj ? 
  edit2 : already happened - thx guys for the information !, 
  although i do n't have any numbers i kind of think this is not true . 
  the eu towards usa braindrain happens after university . 
  a lot of scientists move to the us . 
  americans ... 
  i wonder how many choose poland though, 
  we could empty bratislava and house them there . 
  go down and shoot them yourself then ... 
  cant see any opt outs for germany . 
  da fuck you are talking about ? 
  iran is open for business . 
  go get a share ... anyone else will . 
  well . 
  the roman empire kind of crashed because of theirs . 
  especially as we did this before with 600k ex-yugoslavia refugees . 
  now imagine what would happen if they would refuse another 3000 to let enter which are now funneled to germany ... 
  gtfo, 
  besides ... there are a lot of places that a more or less abandoned in germany . 
  `` full '' is pretty relative . 
  this guy would not have been stopped by a death sentence . 
  obviously panic with mentally challenged ... anyone holding the opinion that he first hesitated and said `` oh well ... 15yrs are ok . 25yrs and i would stop now '' is dilusional . 
  wait till water runs out ... 
  it seems reddit believes it stops the moment merkel resigns ... 
  it said afghanistan ... 
  200k dead ppl because sanctions and a disbanded army/bath party created isis . 
  thats a fact . 
  db got something like 4bn . 
  bnp paribas was the biggest chunk with close to 6 . 
  nevertheless : all the money lend entered the country in the first place ... 
  they are ... like probably 99 % of nations, 
  with trump its only a question of time before the us jumps into another stupid war . 
  parcel islands , syria , africa , north korea . 
  i bet trump is trigger-happy . 
  usually a lot of people suffer when this happens . 
  wohoo ... the isolation and xenophobia runs deep in this one . 
  go watch him as your new idol : https://youtu.be/nj_xvgbjqmi, 
  probably when maggie hesitantly agreed upon german reunification ... shortly, 
  lets stay friends ... the relationship somehow didnt work out ;-), 
  well as this day celebrates independence from uk this referendum is clearly also about eus independence from uk !, 
  great quote !, 
  those were the days : https://youtu.be/_k_qbpfl7rm rumsfeld and cheney should have gone to den haag . 
  probably k\u00f6nigsberg ... 
  this statement is 2 jokes for one, 
  in other words : if the uk would reform their system to a standard almost any other nation has : problem solved, 
  uk is against such things :p, 
  such a clever move ;-), 
  sure ... alligned interest for once . 
  the eu would loose a net contributor . 
  the shares will obviously get smaller . 
  see i just admitted all of it ;-) ... now i have to kill you though . 
  i actually do . 
  for one : they were part of the iraq war - which is one reason for isis .
