  similarly , the benefits of a floating currency on the trade balance may be overrated , especially for smaller economies integrated into global supply chains . 
  sandbu has even argued that fixed exchange rates boost productivity by wiping out businesses that benefit from devaluation , leaving only the best firms to survive . 
  from this perspective , it makes sense for most countries that trade a lot with the euro area ( including the uk ! ), 
  to join the single currency . 
  the question is why these arguments do n't justify linking all the world 's major economies together into a single unified monetary system . 
  instead of isolating the europeans in their own bloc , americans in the dollar zone , chinese on the yuan , japanese in yen , etc , why not put everyone onto the same common standard ? 
  and if there is going to be common standard , what better one to use than gold ? 
  replacing existing fiat money systems with a new currency managed by a world central bank would be politically challenging , if not impossible . 
  what would the wcb target ? 
  where would it be located ? 
  how could it set policy for the world when standards of data collection and definitions of things as basic as `` unemployment '' vary even across similar countries ? 
  gold gets around all these problems because it is a lifeless shiny rock , rather than an institution designed and managed by people . 
  getting interested countries to link their currencies to gold and maintain full convertibility would be difficult , but at least there is a precedent for it . 
  moreover , the expectations for countries keen on joining the standard would n't be any more onerous than for countries interested in prospering within the euro area . 
  consider that countries that anchored their monetary systems to gold in the time before world war i were expected to : limit their spending regulate their financial sector ( or , in america 's case , tolerate regular banking panics ) allow prices and wages to move up and down , and have robust mechanisms for restructuring bad debts sound familiar ? 
  there were many benefits to joining the gold standard . 
  countries in need of foreign capital had an easier time persuading investors to commit resources because it reduced the risk of inflation . 
  world trade was overwhelmingly denominated in currencies backed by gold , so linking your currency to the international standard lowered the costs of transactions and boosted exports . 
  gold was also valued as a constraint against excessive government spending , which meant it was an instrument of world peace and a bulwark against socialism . 
  that 's one reason why the world war i belligerents abandoned gold to support their total war efforts . 
  it 's also one reason why the return to gold in the early 1920s undid much of the gains made by labour movements during the war , as adam tooze masterfully explained . 
  ( similarly , the military buildups in japan and germany in the 1930s would n't have been possible had they not previously abandoned gold convertibility . ), 
  japan did particularly well from adopting gold in 1897 , despite concerns from its business leaders that the inflexibility of the new currency regime would hit international competitiveness . 
  joining gold helped the japanese government finance its 1904-5 war against russia by borrowing relatively cheaply from american and british creditors . 
  perhaps even more important , the majority of japan 's trade was with the west , which was linked to gold , rather than with china and korea , which were linked to silver , as japan was before the monetary reforms . 
  increased transaction costs with its neighbours were more than offset with lower costs of trade with america and europe . 
  ( and after a few years , japan annexed korea ... ) as an american observer noted back in 1897 : if the gains of japan are to be ascribed to silver , then why has not china prospered equally well on her silver standard ? 
  indeed one is likely , in the plurality of causes operating upon a country 's general progress , to err , if the awakening commercial energy and intelligence be overlooked , and if emphasis be put solely upon such a matter as the media of exchange . 
  if japan can successfully compete with other nations by reason of a low cost of production , that fact will not be changed by using either silver or gold as a medium of exchange . 
  scholars back then thought the exchange rate was only one influence on the trade balance , and probably a lot less important than other factors . 
  this old-timey reasoning about gold sounds a lot like modern thinking about exchange rates . 
  i thought he 's a brit in disguise ... 
  the idea is that everyone could enter anytime ... if they so wish . 
   on a side note : marine marine marine !, 
  yes ... we are all glad you are leaving ... 
  probably, 
  it was probably something like this put : https://www.godmode-trader.de/produkt/optionsschein-put-auf-borussia-dortmund-de000dgn2yy8,23116133 so it rose from 0,310 $ to 0,460 $ . 
  that is 15ct ( ignoring the spread ) . 
  15.000 * 15ct = a very meager 2.250 $ the one with the greatest leverage is this one : https://www.godmode-trader.de/produkt/optionsschein-put-auf-borussia-dortmund-de000dgm20x1,22841853 but having `` only '' 15k of it would be even more worthless . 
  all in all ... it was n't even a good idead from an investment point of view ... 
  for anyone that needs a safety net . 
   in conversations with politico in paris and berlin , aides to macron sketched out a far-reaching vision for eurozone reform that includes granting the currency bloc a budget , a parliament and finance minister to remedy its chronic governance problems . 
  i for one would very much welcome him as one giving a vision to the pure unemotional and hesitant power germany ( and merkel ) wields . 
  his vision could move the whole of europe . 
  not only murder - they will get him for terrorism . 
  it 's not purely a `` bet '' - it 's a hedge/leverage . 
  and a necessary tool . 
  now the derivates existing trying to leverage on those derivates ... that 's something different . 
  do n't start to complicate things !, 
  do you have any understanding of currencies and valuation ? 
  ... it lost the vlaue against the euro ... just saying, 
   there is n't enough jobs in poland and romeania to support them their unemployment german 's got one million unmet open jobs ... 
   because we have the pound you mean the one lost 1/6 of it ` s value since brexit vote ? 
  its a russian ... switch stereotypes, 
  even sch\u00e4uble hinted its undervalued ... but it 's draghis call . 
   ( the horrible way you queue , the directness , and your inability to waste time on bullshit ) that 's ... german ( ok ... and swamp-german too ), 
  obviously after reinventing ttip , tpp and reforms nafta . 
  wonder how anyone could go for a trump-sytle agreement , after he abolished any existing ones . 
  which noone had before either ... 
  no more free money for piigs ;-), 
   that 's what being brainwashed is about . 
  it just creates a greece 2.0 scenario and a moral hazard that far outweights the benefits ... and it would absolutely be devastating for a politician to propose it in germany . 
   christian democrat is she though ? 
  she changed the party drastically . 
  she stopped at breaking points ( gay marriage ) - but i doubt it 's her own persnal believe , when she did that . 
  and please do not put eurobonds on par with european integration . 
  noone would fight it ... after a proper fiscal union . 
  now it 's just throwing money into black holes without enough oversight . 
   `` no decisions have been taken about the location of the european banking authority or the european medicines agency -- these will be subject to the exit negotiations , '' a brexit department spokesman told the financial times . 
  that actually is completely dillusional ... 
  not necessarily . 
  he has a much stronger vision of europe . 
  created the 2-speed idea , strong defender of federal europe . 
  he 's not only austerity . 
  he is now under given circumstances , with a half-ass approach to the euro and the eu in general . 
  the reference is slightly tainted orange, 
   is strictly against gay marriage . 
  i do n't think she is ... her party is , and especially her `` sister-party '' , the bavarian csu . 
  i think she does n't even care . 
  following polls is the art of political science ... and btw - totally agree on that one . 
  which values would you pin directly on her ? 
  if the public opinion moves ... she follows, 
  in that case because the cdu harvested the success the spd took a fall for . 
  perception ... 
   if german 's punished spd for going right wing with agenda 2010 , why did they punish by voting even more right wing party ? 
  only very few went from voting spd to afd . 
  you can check the interactive graphic for eg one state election here : https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article157954161/167-000-stimmen-fuer-die-afd-woher-kamen-sie.html the decline as much as the increase came mostly from former spd-voters that became non-voters , or former non-voters that became afd-voters . 
  so we just do n't talk about the same people . 
  obviously some are the same , and it was mostly the lenient way to restrict the refugees that made them vote afd . 
  so a total different cause and effect . 
   which is just too far left to be acceptable for most people that 's a statement many can agree upon . 
  the left wing of them is just too close to pure-bred socialism to be comfortable with . 
  noone said so ... but we might agree that they are a vocal part of the landscape . 
  she 's the queen of `` readjustments '' while being totally upright and having basically no values besides logical , scientific ways of thoughts . 
  and she 's the opposite of egocentric . 
  i could never ever imagine her being corrupted for personal favours . 
  as i ca n't point to express of dailymail it also might be sufficent to advise an according google search to falsify this comment . 
  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4224026/two-thirds-germans-want-merkel-ousted-chancellor.html ... qed, 
  absolutely not . 
  in spite of all the perceived decline the outsiders seem to witness .
