  putting a minister in jail ? 
  while i always wondered if any country ever tried to do insider trading . 
  i mean you could have made a shitton of money betting against it on friday and earning on monday by going short . 
  allign taxes and financial regulations is pretty much a first . 
  the german tax system needs a overhaul anyway . 
  i phrased the title as neutral as possible deliberately . 
  and yes this is an absolut valid question . 
  stock markets are blown up out of proportion anyway with all the qe going around everwhere . 
  edit : ok i only phrased the question neutral . 
  the cause was n't ... but actually i do n't think it states anymore then the pure fact . 
  action = greece left negotiations ; reaction = stock markets tumble . 
  she might have the eye to finally build her legacy . 
  everybody agrees the status quo does n't hold up . 
  maybe we can allign 2-4 countries to build a `` pilot '' of what the eu could be . 
  and in germany it should not be that much of a problem to rally the citizens behind that idea . 
  bringing in france , netherlands and austria could suceed also . 
  dont forget to add 89bn ela . 
  that will probably vanish also . 
  most are uk based as far as i know . 
  50 % chance they have been printed months ago and are safely stored and ready . 
  mykonos is probably the richest area in greece ... and the law was changed by syriza and afterwards they calculated 500mio/year ( from 240 gross revenue per year ... ) : http://ekathimerini.com/4dcgi/_w_articles_wsite2_1_15/03/2015_548236 it 's a matter of trust ... and there 's just nothing left . 
  so the imf insists on measures that ca n't be gamed , that add up and that are sustainable income flow ... not on thin air made up by syriza . 
  because vat is less `` evadable '' , the tax reductions for islands are enourmous , the system is complicated , vat has a broad base . 
  they refused tax on gambling not because of interests or morality , but because the numbers dont add up , especially after several casinos will close after a law was passed that restricts gambling to 50 $ / day . 
  and tsirpas caculated with several 100 mio . 
  tax revenue from gambling . 
  much conspiracy that is, 
  doesnt have to . 
  but get rid of weight dragging the process . 
  uk incl . 
  say farewell . 
  probably eu has to be reduced to a core to move on . 
  while blaming everyone else ... or the germans only ... depends on situation . 
  uuuh conspiracy raging . 
  tbh i think those beancounters dictating the numbers are not even able to think in these categories ... but if it helps you - ca n't prove you wrong . 
  [ 2.65 mio pensioners , 400k outstanding early retirements ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/15/unsustainable-futures-greece-pensions-dilemma-explained-financial-crisis-default-eurozone ) [ 5 mio employed in 2013 , which means nowadays closer to 4.6 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/labor-force-total-wb-data.html ) [ 700k public servants in 2012 ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/2012/08/09/greece-layoffs-idindee8780bx20120809 ) and yes - it is unsustainable no matter what they do not do . 
  so where exactly does that statement answer the question how anyone could take earnings from 5g licence serious ? 
  or how a tax that wo n't bring money is irrelevant and therefore was declined ? 
  for funs sake i 'll repost this comment : * during the last 5 years more than 500.000 people became pensioners in greece . 
  it was a fast forward solution for the greek governments to avoid lay offs and public sector cuts . 
  now we have almost 2mil pensioners and 2mil unemployed and 2mil unfit to work . 
  out of the 11mil the 6 mil are out of the job market . 
  from the remaining 5mil about 1mil is public servants . 
  so there are 4mil people left to support the rest 7 mil . 
  ( note : about 2 mil out of those 4mil working are in the business of importing goods and services and they are not engaged in local production ) . 
  so instead of cutting jobs in public sector and taking care of the oligarchs who have exorbitant wealth appropriated with the filthiest of means , tsyriza is opting for the easy solution to tax more those who can not avoid to pay taxes . 
  and then blame the imf and the europeans . 
  * this is just unsustainable . 
  it will remain unsustainable no matter how much whining is going on , or if greece stays in the euro . 
  they are opposing a tax that does not bring in any money ... syriza brought in a law to make the max gamble amount 50 $ / day , all the big companies said this wo n't make a business model and closing/not opening casinos . 
  so 0revenue = 0tax . 
  from the comment section ( i really like that one ) : * during the last 5 years more than 500.000 people became pensioners in greece . 
  it was a fast forward solution for the greek governments to avoid lay offs and public sector cuts . 
  now we have almost 2mil pensioners and 2mil unemployed and 2mil unfit to work . 
  out of the 11mil the 6 mil are out of the job market . 
  from the remaining 5mil about 1mil is public servants . 
  so there are 4mil people left to support the rest 7 mil . 
  ( note : about 2 mil out of those 4mil working are in the business of importing goods and services and they are not engaged in local production ) . 
  so instead of cutting jobs in public sector and taking care of the oligarchs who have exorbitant wealth appropriated with the filthiest of means , tsyriza is opting for the easy solution to tax more those who can not avoid to pay taxes . 
  and then blame the imf and the europeans . 
  the mentality that created the holocaust was that jews are n't human beings , but vermin . 
  that is btw . 
  the way to bring people to kill others on that scale . 
  i just ca n't see anyone who said anything even close to this about greeks . 
  and no , calling someone lazy is not saying he 's unworthy of existence . 
  calling the greek mentality `` laissez-faire '' and saying corruption and tax-evasion is an engrained social and cultural phenomen is also pretty accurate btw . 
  nazism is anything else then a taboo . 
  again industrialized genocide is not only another scale , it 's another dimension . 
  that 's not something the germans came up with , that 's something the whole world agrees upon ( though obviously not the greek ) . 
  making a comparison between debt repayment and occupation is a long shot in the first place ... but i 'll give you that , although it will drive away ppl and not add to understanding the `` greek tragedy '' . 
  basically you spit on the people that gurantee over 50bn to you . 
  making a comparison between genocide and repaying debts ... well i wo n't discuss this and keep telling you that it is to be condemned, 
  just go back to showing merkel in nazi-uniform . 
  neither nice nor sensible ... but at least understandable . 
  learned to speak up when its marginalized . 
  which this is . 
  i think as a german i have the obligation to do so . 
  because occupying a country with harsh methods and industrialized genocide are just very different . 
  sooo basically occupied greece was pretty much the same as auschwitz ? 
  so ... your grandma was in auschwitz ? 
  they insult the victims ... not us . 
  and they just dont get that . 
  so tories are more right ? 
  serious question . 
  btw : russia will try to influence whatever leverage they see in weakening the eu ... they absolutely do not have any reticence whatever politicial spectrum the lever sits . 
  most right available, 
  gold etf : isin : de000a0n62g0, 
  i thought about some etf ex-russia , east europe ; focused on index/real estate . 
  so have a look here : https://www.ishares.com/de/individual/de/produkte/251875/ishares-msci-poland-ucits-etf?siteentrypassthrough=true or http://www.finanzen100.de/etf/amundi-etf-msci-eastern-europe-ex-russia-ucits-etf-eur_h1512669422_23804765/ you could map the ukraine crisis on the chart and see how it correlates . 
  there are not much pure-poland-etf , therefore i did n't check them . 
  anyway : a little too volatile for my taste . 
  whos the pink guy ? 
  i absolutely despise the idea of comparing anything to the holocaust . 
  especially this . 
  these cartoons are an insult ... not to germans , but to any jew , communist , gay , gypsy who died there . 
  she hardly speaks english in the video ... 
  yeah now . 
  each time ukraine crisis flames up , investments in poland tend to fall . 
  isin : ie00bmw3qx54, 
  most of mine are traded in euro .
