on a side note - i really do n't understand what kind of people downvote me here . 
  this went from +6 to -1 . 
  is it people who think the v4-proposal is not `` true '' ? 
  or is `` unacceptable '' , because they think it 's not conservative enough ? 
  or ist it people who basically think `` eastern europe are all racists anyway '' ? 
  and ca n't accept that they too do have contributions to a solution out there ? 
  whatever it is - now get a grip and talk to each other . 
  it 's about compromise . 
   does n't have anything to do with stupid ads it definitley does . 
  otherwise you would argue marketing does not have an effect . 
  branding for tobacco is basically dead . 
  not much chance to promote smoking gaulouises as `` savoir vivre '' - that 's dead . 
  and it was a way to convince especially young folks smoking would make them cooler . 
  noone challenges young jean-paul from a bout de souffle in being cool while smoking . 
  probably a good idea to have a look into it : http://www.strukturalni-fondy.cz/en/fondy-eu/2014-2020 https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/country/686/cordis, 
  which will be contested on eu courts i assume, 
  stop downvoting him . 
  that is exactly the v4-proposal . 
  the eu budget probably needs approval from parliament . 
  so to reopen the package would likely be a nightmare . 
  semantics and wording . 
  might be a leak with an agenda . 
  who knows how the proposal is actually designed . 
  too many for greece though, 
  ... and pay those countries they want to, 
   yet , in the case of mass arrival of asylum seekers into one member state , all eu member states must provide resources to this country . 
  moreover , states may also agree on a possibility of admitting asylum seekers into national asylum systems for only proceeding their asylum claims even the v4 agrees it 's either take them in - or pay others doing so ... 
  ... politicians, 
  * towards a common asylum policy an internal reform of the eu 's existing asylum policy toolbox 8 and the creation of a true common eu asylum system , with standardized procedures for all eu territories and a single set of rights for both asylum-seekers and those already granted refugee status or subsidiary protection , 9 is at the core of our appeal . 
  the common system should include the establishment of an eu asylum agency that would carry out a fast and simple asylum procedure based on a single set of rules making use of easo 10 capacities and unhcr resources . 
  decision-making teams could be placed at the eu 's external border , in eu cities with large international airports , and in countries with extraordinarily high numbers of incoming refugees . 
  the current system authorized by the dublin regulation requires that asylum seekers stay in the first eu country they enter , undergoing identification procedures and security checks , while awaiting their final asylum application decisions . 
  under this system , if asylum seekers leave their first country of entry they should be returned to it . 
  yet events of the last years showed that dublin is not working and sustainable . 
  the common eu asylum system we propose would maintain the asylum-seekers ' obligation to stay in their first country of eu entry prior to their asylum decisions . 
  yet , in the case of mass arrival of asylum seekers into one member state , all eu member states must provide resources to this country . 
  moreover , states may also agree on a possibility of admitting asylum seekers into national asylum systems for only proceeding their asylum claims . 
  once the asylum seekers will be recognized as refugees ( or subsidiary protection holders ) , a new eu wide residence permit for refugees will enable refugees to settle in the eu country , in which they already have family members or offer of a job or other ties . 
  this plan simultaneously addresses the fact that most refugees do not see the `` front-line '' states ( including the v4 countries ) as their eventual host countries , and the v4 's concerns that they are assuming too much responsibility when they are n't the refugees ' final destinations . 
  rapid returns of rejected asylum seekers to their home countries using joint eu flights or return operations are crucial for sustainability and public support of the new system . 
  such a solution would mean that those countries located on the eu border ( including slovakia , poland and hungary ) would initially be responsible for asylum-seekers , and that asylum applications be processed by mixed eu teams on their territories . 
  however , once successful refugees were granted eu residence they would be entitled to legally , freely and safely choose their places of residence within the eu . 
  this would weaken countries ' motivation to discourage refugees from entering and settling within their jurisdictions , while allowing societies to adapt to refugees ' increased presence overtime , adjusting their integration policies accordingly . 
  to further encourage this , ** a eu-wide financial compensation mechanism could be established for member states that assume higher numbers of registered refugees ( such as germany ) . 
  while border states , whose national budgetary capacities can not solely fund the additional infrastructures needed for intake capacities , would receive the eu 's regular robust support . 
  ** the system will also include the logistical support of all member states towards effective and swift return policies , with reintegration support provided to those migrants who volunteer to do so . 
  * ( source : http://www.visegradgroup.eu/the-v4-can-and-should ) that sounds `` vaguely '' good ... problem is : ca n't see the v4 agrreing to their own proposal . 
  * pay germany for housing them * pay greece for hosting the arrivals ... basically what the eu proposed, 
  isnt that a common thing ? 
  if not for the gays having fun with it , the eurovision might have vanished in germany in the late 90s . 
  the guy is the most-whitebread whitey macwhiteman from german descent ... he is a convert . 
  germans ... when they found something worth fighting for they are the most deperate ... 
  there is a saying `` dann ist polen offen '' . 
  ( literaly = polen is open ) , which means `` all bets are off '' / `` now it 's out of control '' . 
  it most likely derives from the time when poland was partitioned 1772 . 
  probably coming from `` if this is possible - anything could happen ( to it ) '', 
  the elf in wagner `` ring der nibelungen '' is called alberich : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alberich#wagner ( here he is determined as a `` dwarf '' which is definitley wrong in this wiki entry ), 
   are there conclusive studies ? 
  i do n't know from what ass she 's pulling that from . 
  there are none . 
  and it 's exactly her ass ( which seams a little on the broader side of the average and i would assume has not been broken in yet ) she pulls it out from . 
  because it is so nether that it will cease to exist in 200years - submerged and all . 
   threatens to pull that money that is actually not possible . 
  the shares of eu budget are definite . 
   domestic issue which also means fuck greece and italy . 
  while i do not insinuate you would say this , it 's exactly what it means . 
  in ya face, 
  like eleven footballers per mannschaft ? 
  or the small beer crate ? 
  and now some of you might see the problem of a typical run-of-the-mill right-wing conservative party : the nutjobs they attract - which will ultimately influence the parties direction to it 's worst ( insert ted cruz or michel bachmann here for reference ) . 
  btw : the hamburg chapter of afd has said : `` i 'm ashamed by my parties new program '' . 
  and just to add to the list - another sparkling jewel straight from the afd-party programm : * there is no evidence that climate change is caused by humans ( although they admitted that it 's real ), 
  the american tellin it like it is ;-), 
  you are a savage sir . 
  you know you can probably discuss politics with a german 24/7 . 
  i just was suprised that the napolean times still hold that much salt . 
  i rememberd the 2013 census ( where we `` lost '' almost a million ) - but wrongly so . 
  back then we had 80.2 mn . 
  in 2016 we should have ( again ) reached roughly 82mn . 
  that escalated quickly ... 
  after we won it ? 
  ok ok ok ... i did get it now ... please do n't put more salt on it . 
  i already admitted my stupidity for not seeing this . 
  please stop, 
  as if americans would be able to differentiate slovenia with solvakia, 
  this is a stereotype : http://static-cdn.arte.tv/cdnp-cinema/sites/default/files/styles/cine_rectangle_1240/public/thumbnails/image/052721-000-a_imjuli_02-1420001108011.jpg?itok=oomcwsgb ( on a side note : nice movie ), 
  now i feel stupid ... 
   did no one think of this ? 
  at this point it already seems inevitable ... and noone cares any more, 
  the turkish come here with their car - preferably an old mercedes loaded up close to breaking axles . 
  dont get it ? 
  what 's that story about ? 
  that 's what he implied ... not me . 
  i just corrected your calculation . 
  ( ps : and yes ... he 's a little bit crazy and has an agenda ), 
  we have 79mn people living here . 
  i agree - though not full-heartedly . 
  this also means that the german army was focused on building and maintaining a vast amnount of tanks ( nowadays only 10 % of former numbers ) and also has absolutely no capabilities to send troops somewhere else . 
  they rented private antonovs to bring stuff to afghanistan . 
  the dutch/german cooperation is one reason for this .
