  ours do n't either , but i think paying at the counter was n't an option initially . 
  lots of people use them here , especially since they made it possible to pay with cash . 
  there 's still quite a few people who use the normal queues , though . 
  though we do have our own name for copenhagen , which is copenhaga , we pronounce the ` nh ' as a portuguese ` nh ' , which is the palatal n ( like the spanish \u00d1 and other ns with other thingies in other languages ) . 
  it would be weird here to treat n and h as separate letters , especially because h in portuguese is silent . 
  same in portuguese . 
  pronounced like in english except for the e , which is like the e in `` bed '' . 
  and it 's even grown in popularity since it came to power in 2015 . 
  you see it at football matches and stuff like music festivals . 
  and when there 's a world cup or euros , a lot of people hang them from their windows or balconies . 
  i 'd say most people who own a flag bought it for football reasons . 
  portuguese people abroad , however , use it a lot more , i guess to keep some sense of national pride and show their attachment to their home country despite living somewhere else . 
  the flag is something people actually feel some connection to , it 's not just a symbol of the state . 
  but you do n't tend to see it in everyday situations . 
  i think op meant * current * overseas territories , though . 
  in university and secondary school , we use the french system . 
  grades are 0 to 20 , and 10 or above is a passing grade . 
  in years 5 to 9 ( 10 to 14 years old ) , final grades are 1 to 5 , 5 being the best . 
  in primary school ( 6 to 9 years old ) , they 're descriptive words , `` excellent '' , `` very good '' , etc. 
  do n't worry , i was just referring to how a lot of spanish people pronounce some words beginning with s ( `` espain '' , etc ) . 
  we currently consider ourselves to have been the `` bad guys '' in the last war we fought , the portuguese colonial war ( 1961-1974 ) , so we 're not really in a position to celebrate that . 
  yeah it sounds a bit funny to us as well , and we 're right next door . 
   estrange also this . 
  for the sake of completeness - feminine `` portuguesa '' , masc . / mixed plural `` portugueses '' , fem . 
  plural `` portuguesas '' ( no ^ on the e , only the masc . 
  has it ) . 
  and while we 're at it , `` tuga '' has the plural `` tugas '' but no gender inflection . 
  we do n't distinguish between the adjective for a country/name of the language and the noun for a person from there , like english does for instance with spanish/spaniard , so `` portugu\u00eas ( a/os/as ) '' serves both functions . 
  tory was actually the original name of the conservative party , before they changed their name to conservative . 
  and people just kept calling it that to the present day . 
  the party has existed for a couple of centuries now , which i guess is pretty strange for most of us continentals . 
  oh , i 'd never seen it written out . 
  spanish speakers say sp - like esp - so there 's not much of a difference to the ear . 
  and in spain they say spaghettis . 
  whereas we just pulled an extra r out of thin air and call it esparguete . 
  do note that , while it would be normal to speak in english or even maybe french and people would n't find it rude ( as long as you acknowledge that the other person might not understand you ) , you might want to be careful about speaking spanish without asking carefully/apologising in advance . 
  of course we will understand most of it and often even attempt to reply back in spanish too , but it may rub some people the wrong way . 
  if you 're spanish , it might seem like you 're treating portugal as a corner of your own country . 
  if you 're not , it might seem like you think portugal is basically spain . 
  i think it 's a bit of a senseless inferiority complex but you 'll find it . 
  i guess it has historical reasons - spain/castile are the `` bad guys '' in most of portuguese history , and some of portugal 's historical identity is tied to the fact that it resisted castillian/spanish attempts to rule over portugal for centuries after independence ( it did happen once , but it only lasted 60 years ) - and i think also a difference in protocol regarding speaking to foreigners - for most of our younger people , it 's normal for two people who do n't share a language to just speak english , even if the languages are close , and i guess a lot of people do n't realise spaniards may not necessarily see this as the normal way to proceed . 
  edit : had n't even seen the comment by u/haus42 edit2 : also , i would n't really expect an erasmus student to learn portuguese besides a couple of words and phrases . 
  not that i know of . 
  massa ( dough ) , pasta ( paste ) , guito ( no translation ) . 
  the last one is more slangy and you wo n't hear older people say it . 
  as for words for amounts of money , before the euro , we used to say paus ( sticks ) , but that fell out of use with the euro . 
  it 's pretty interesting how in spain they say pavos , which feels like it 's kind of related , but it means turkeys . 
  for euros , you sometimes hear ouros ( golds ) or a\u00e9reos ( plural of airy/airborne/adjective for things related to air ) , but both are always said mockingly . 
  the former after what some less literate older people would mistakenly call them , the latter is used a lot in raffle tickets to avoid directly mentioning money . 
  our pre-euro currency was called escudo ( meaning shield too ) . 
  though 5 euros were about 1000 escudos . 
  yes but his visit was a religious ceremony celebrating the 100th anniversary of the [ f\u00e1tima apparitions ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/our_lady_of_f\u00e1tima ) and making two of the kids involved saints . 
  hardly just a normal state visit . 
  most controversially , the government gave everyone who works for the state a day off . 
  i 'm not a regular poster on r/portugal , but i lurk quite often . 
  as far as i can tell , there 's some heated arguments once in a while about whether certain things violate the separation of church and state ( like just last week with stuff relating to the pope 's visit ) , but not so much about being religious or not . 
  if the gist of your comment is just something like `` all catholics are stupid '' , you 'll probably get downvoted . 
  you also mentioned abortion , and i 've never seen a discussion about it , but i could see it possibly getting ugly , especially if feminism is brought up . 
  abortion has been legal here for 10 years though , and through a referendum , so it 's not really much of a discussed issue these days . 
  euthanasia , on the other hand , has started to get some attention during the past year or so , but as far as i remember , r/portugal threads on it have been relatively civil , though most people are in favour of it being legal . 
  as far as temporary parlour type things go , hot dogs and burgers , and as for sweet foods , [ farturas ] ( http://www.saborintenso.com/thumbs/3482.jpg ) ( kind of like thick churros , and the same parlours sell churros too ) . 
  stuff like kebabs , ice cream and crepes are also eaten on the street a lot , but usually come from an actual shop . 
  you find all of those in parlours in places like music festivals but not typically on the street . 
  yeah , the only things i see that are a bit different are that the final exams here have different weights on your final grade depending on the degree you 're applying to , and that tuition fees are the same in public unis regardless of the modules you take . 
  we also call the @ symbol arroba and the unit is still used in agriculture , as far as i know . 
  i personally do n't put ketchup on pasta ( i do n't voluntarily put ketchup on anything , tbh ) but anyway , and this is going to sound really bad , pasta is n't really regarded as that much of a serious food around here . 
  i guess mostly because it has n't got a lot of tradition in portuguese cuisine . 
  no one actually makes it from scratch like some people in italy , it 's mostly a prepackaged food with relatively simple preparation . 
  it does show up in modern high-end cuisine but you would n't see pasta anywhere in a traditionally-minded restaurant . 
  ketchup on pasta is popular mostly among children anyway . 
  i guess that 's probably because negro is just black in spanish , so it 's just like saying black . 
  the problem with these other languages people are talking about is that it seems to be a term exclusively used with race . 
  it 's similar in portuguese , with an extra nuance . 
  the regular word for the colour black is preto , but there 's also negro , which is a fancier word typically used when the meaning of `` black '' is somewhat figurative ( sometimes used where `` dark '' is used in english ) , or just to embellish speech/writing a bit - off the top of my head , black hole , black plague , dark humour , dark chocolate , black panther all use negro/negra . 
  for race , `` negro '' is the more formal term and the one typically used by the media and it 's the pc term in certain contexts . 
  `` preto '' is more informal and you would use it in conversation . 
  `` negro '' in informal situations sometimes seems overzealously pc and artificial , although it 's appropriate to describe `` black '' as an ethnicity . 
  which i guess is a bit bizarre from the perspective of speakers of some other languages . 
  `` of colour '' sounds awful in portuguese too , by the way . 
  i guess the main use are hot dogs , burgers and other such sandwiches . 
  sometimes people put it on chips ( especially at mcdonald 's and similar places ) and pasta . 
  you spelled nando 's wrong . 
  i think most people as kids learn that england , scotland and wales exist ( maybe not ni ) , and only later do they realise they are all part of a single country . 
  i think when i was a kid i understood england and scotland to be as separate as , say , england and denmark . 
  ( before i could place them on a map or knew that they speak english in scotland . ), 
  23 % is the standard one and then there are two reduced tiers of 13 % and 6 % . 
  [ d. afonso henriques ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afonso_i_of_portugal ) he was count of portugal , then a county under the sovereignty of the kingdom of leon . 
  he fought for independence and started portugal 's territorial expansion . 
  edit : `` d. '' stands for dom , the title used in portugal to refer to kings . 
  it 's uncommon in portuguese to refer to a portuguese monarch without `` d. '' , that 's why i wrote it like that . 
  hmm i do n't know about that . 
  if you know someone british is n't from england you would n't call them english . 
  i think for individual people 's nationality we try to use the constituent country they 're from . 
  for institutions such as the government , i guess saying stuff like `` the english prime-minister '' is normal , but `` the british prime minister '' is also used a lot in everyday speech . 
  you 'll never hear `` english '' to refer to the uk on stuff like the news though , where british is always used , as it 's actually the correct terminology . 
  also , we never really use gr\u00e3-bretanha to refer to the uk , we use reino unido , though the adjective/nationality is brit\u00e2nico . 
  so it 's pretty much like in english in that regard . 
  it had n't really been popular since like the 90s , and in some of the last few years we 've not even sent anyone . 
  then suddenly this year our song started getting a lot of hype nationally after it won the national song contest , turning into a snowball of hype growing until today . 
  seems like it was justified .
