  as with most other european countries , we use the dot and the comma in numbers the reverse way you guys do , but that 's not really punctuation i guess . 
   it 's very weird for me to read stuff written without it , it feels odd . 
  well , the french way feels really odd to me . 
  that and only capitalising the first word in titles , which i think you do as well . 
  and surnames in all caps while we 're at it . 
  sometimes before the first name too , which is also weird to me . 
  i actually created my reddit account specifically to start commenting here . 
  i feel like there used to be way more portuguese music sung in english around the mid 00s or so . 
  back then i guess it was seen as a bit tacky for a rock song , for instance , to have portuguese lyrics . 
  now it 's `` cool '' to sing in portuguese again . 
  i see the armillary sphere ( if that 's what you meant ) as a symbol of the discoveries , not of the colonial empire . 
  not that the discoveries were n't associated to land appropriation and enslavement of natives , but i do think these things can be somewhat separated . 
  not to mention the moorish castles and the shields which i think have something to do with jesus supposedly appearing to d. afonso henriques almost 900 years ago . 
  that barely carries any meaning today , they 're just symbols traditionally associated to our country . 
  i do think there 's an excessive glorification of certain portuguese achievements that still shines through in the narrative through which portuguese history is taught and commonly interpreted by us portuguese people , and , to get back on topic , i think it might be a lasting effect of the estado novo propaganda machine . 
  ( sorry if i 'm getting a bit rambly , i 'm not responding directly to you anymore , just going on about stuff . ), 
  i do n't see how the flag and anthem could be interpreted specifically as symbols of the estado novo , to be honest , especially when the estado novo was born from a coup against the regime that instituted the flag and the national anthem . 
  half a year or so ago , a guy killed a policeman who stopped him over and intended to kill another one but he pretended to be dead and survived . 
  he stole the police car and later shot two more people to steal the car they were in . 
  he was on the run for almost two months and finally turned himself in . 
  he had military training . 
  it was one of the biggest news stories of 2016 , it was on the news every day for that whole period . 
  yeah , the uk has been getting a lot of portuguese immigrants in the last few years , as opposed to countries like france where portuguese communities come mostly from the migration wave in the 60s . 
  i 'm from porto , so yeah , maybe i get worse water than other places . 
  bottled water definitely tastes better , tap water tastes a bit like the chemicals they use to treat it . 
  getting to sweden and having some tap water there for the first time was a rather pleasant surprise to me . 
  and then it kind of varies between different people and whether they find it important to have water that tastes a bit better . 
  restaurants and caf\u00e9s tend to always give you bottled water . 
  and i 'd say portuguese from brazil actually sounds closer to spanish than portuguese from portugal . 
  and yeah , the languages are similar if you see them written , but the pronunciation is quite different . 
  people usually say we sound like russians speaking spanish . 
  you also hear `` drunk spanish '' sometimes but i think that 's mostly towards brazilian portuguese . 
  in porto there 's mostly spanish and french tourists . 
  you see quite a few germans as well . 
  french tourists seem to be mostly families and german tourists mostly young couples , but this is anecdotal . 
  in english speaking countries , the americas are usually considered two separate continents , but what is and is n't usually considered a continent is a bit culture-dependent . 
  in portugal at least , we typically consider 5 continents : europe , asia , africa , america and oceania . 
  sometimes antarctica is included as well . 
  `` north america '' refers only to the geographic area of canada and the us , while the rest of what you call north america + the caribbean is `` central america '' . 
  interestingly , in the media , you sometimes hear `` north american '' meaning `` from the us '' . 
  by the way ,  do n't know if they have anything to do with carnivals though ... `` carnival '' is just what a lot of countries call shrove tuesday . 
  fair enough , i stand corrected , maybe it 's just that i live in a busier urban area . 
  i 'd wait . 
  i think most people here would too . 
  also , i do n't think we have the fancy car detecting lights that some central europeans here are mentioning . 
  yeah , in many european countries , including my own , the main centre left party is called socialist party or a variation thereof . 
  it 's just that some of our countries have a broader concept of `` socialism '' than english speaking countries do . 
  some cities have their own names in portuguese with different spelling : * new york -  nova iorque * new jersey -  nova j\u00e9rsia ( people often just say new jersey tough ) * philadelphia -  filad\u00e9lfia * new orleans -  nova orle\u00e3es * san francisco -  s\u00e3o francisco ( other ` san 's do n't seem to get this treatment ) states : * ny and nj - see above * some of them have extra accents ( e.g. 
  calif\u00f3rnia , fl\u00f3rida ) * north/south/west are translated * pensilv\u00e2nia , havai , novo m\u00e9xico * sometimes you see the spellings alasca and luisiana as for pronunciation alone , a lot of names are just adapted to portuguese pronunciation rules , as are most foreign words ( just like in english ) . 
  i ca n't think of any example right now that actually has a vastly different pronunciation from english . 
  well , so far it 's been a shitshow ... 
  oh , really ? 
  that would be unthinkable in portugal . 
  we always call professors `` professor '' and it would be very weird to use the informal `` you '' with a professor . 
  spain does seem to be more informal than portugal in general , actually . 
  if i remember correctly , in the portuguese version they just stuck with `` tom marvolo riddle '' and kept the anagram in english , and just translated it to portuguese on a footnote or in brackets afterwards . 
  i 've heard some languages ' versions of harry potter even change characters ' names to something native , but for us , we 're just supposed to understand that everything 's happening in an english-speaking world that 's just being translated . 
   in portugal sometimes we say a am\u00e9rica , it 's not uncommon at all to hear it , but it is used less often ( like , about a third or a fourth of the time ) i guess that 's because we also use `` am\u00e9rica '' to mean `` the americas '' , which we tend to consider a single continent and not two . 
  we do use `` americano '' for someone from the us though ( but they do n't say that in brazil , where they say `` estadounidense '' - `` unitedstatan '' , sort of - instead , because they consider themselves americans too , seeing as they 're in the americas ) . 
  the equivalent of usa is eua , but you only ever see it in writing , people do n't actually say it . 
  regionalist parties are actually unconstitutional in portugal . 
  i was actually warned by a policeman once after i crossed on a red light . 
  he seemed to be there on purpose for that effect . 
  he said he should fine me ( i guess this was around 2010 because he quipped that s\u00f3crates wanted my money ) but he 'd just let me go that one time . 
  the portuguese language also had a spelling reform recently ( though it 's still controversial ( as is the german one , as far as i 'm aware ) ) , and i think some european countries have a small spelling reform every once in a while . 
  7 channels . 
  it was only 5 until two months ago , and one of them is the parliament channel . 
  two of these channels are privately-owned . 
  not really sure , to be honest . 
  i 'm not aware of anyone i know who regularly goes to sports matches that are n't football . 
  i do remember there was some ultras drama/controversy a couple of years ago that involved a futsal game , but it was a spillover from football proper . 
  according to wikipedia 's * history of portugal ( 1834-1910 ) * page , `` between 1847 and 1851 nothing politically notable happened : nothing was legislated , there were few conflicts and parliament convened routinely . '', 
  football dominates by far - it 's on the news pretty much every day , even when there were no games that day , and the news channels air football panels daily on prime time . 
  i 'd guess basketball comes next , with older people typically following mostly the national league and younger people paying more attention to american basketball . 
  after that , i 'd say roller hockey ( the one on rollerskates , apparently obscure in most of europe ) , futsal , handball and volleyball . 
  tennis too , but people tend to follow the international events more than the domestic ones . 
  a lot of these sports benefit from the fact that clubs tend to do more than one sport , and the big football clubs are also the main clubs in some of the other sports , and fans get into these other sports as an extension to their support for their football club . 
  in the younger generations , definitely , but i 'd say jos\u00e9 might be more common overall . 
  yeah but people say it as a question , which makes it more like `` am i ? '', 
  or `` am i , yes ? '', 
  which sounds like you 're asking if you yourself are there . 
  also , just to add to the general discussion , to friends we usually say `` tou ? 
  '' , which is an informal shortening of `` estou '' ( we tend to remove the es - from forms of the verb `` estar '' in more colloquial speech ) . 
  is also common with friends . 
  yeah i do n't think i 've ever seen deca-anything since i learned about units in primary school . 
  all our recipes are in grams . 
  we never use deca - or hecto - for any unit in everyday life ( except for the hectare ) , we go straight to kilo - when appropriate . 
  stereotypically , the communist party , as far as i know . 
  there is n't much support overall for the reinstatement of monarchy . 
  we abolished it in a coup in 1910 , so no one actually remembers those times , and portugal 's last years as a kingdom are known to have been chaotic ( though that was also true of its first years as a republic ) . 
  there are monarchists though , and a supposed heir to the portuguese throne who actually is usually referred to with the title `` dom '' , which is what we used for kings and other nobles ( and still do use for bishops ) . 
  there 's a monarchist party , ppm , but they 've had 0.28 % of votes in the last parliamentary elections . 
  there are also quite a few monarchists in the most conservative party in our parliament ( cds-pp , 6.5 % of mps ) , though the party itself does n't pursue the reinstatement of monarchy politically . 
  ppm actually has close institutional relations with cds-pp as well as with the main centre-right party psd ; they occasionally run together at the local level in some municipalities , and the three of them ran as a single party in parliamentary elections for some time in the late 70s/early 80s . 
  the jewish population were forced to convert to christianity by the inquisition , and were expelled otherwise . 
  descendents of the expelled jews can now claim portuguese citizenship . 
  english actually has quite a rigid structure , more so than german , it 's just that the german verb placement rules are n't very intuitive for native speakers of a lot of languages . 
  vocabulary : * those verbs with prepositions attached , like ankommen , umziehen , etc , are hard because you end up having lots of different verbs that look similar , which in my experience makes them hard to retain . 
  * the prepositions that come after verbs , nouns and adjectives ( eg : warten goes with auf ) are also tough to memorise , but these are often quite different across languages and a german learning portuguese would have the same problem . 
  * ( edit  some words that come before adjectives , such as ganz , zwar , ja , eigentlich , etc. , whose exact usage is a bit nuanced and not easy to grasp until you 've heard/seen them used many times in many contexts .
