  sometimes i 'd have trouble even fitting them in my backpack properly . 
  this was more than 10 years ago though , so maybe it 's no longer the case . 
  exactly , he was first and foremost the founder of our nation , although he is also known for his territorial gains ( he is `` the conqueror '' after all ) . 
  though the few kings after him also expanded portuguese territory . 
  i think people are more reluctant to celebrate him for territorial expansion , which has , to put it mildly , kind of fallen out of fashion since the 12th century , than for establishing portugal as a sovereign state , which is something people still relate to . 
  high temperature of 21 c and somewhat cloudy here . 
  so yeah , i 'm dealing rather well . 
  the weekend was absolute hell though ( high 20s and humid ) , though typical even for northern coastal portuguese summer . 
  in portugal our go-to spicy sauce is piri-piri sauce . 
  i 've seen sriracha occasionally but it 's not so frequent . 
  every week is n't common , but some people do have a gardener go every few months to do heavier and more thorough gardening work . 
  or `` viva '' . 
  it does n't seem to be as vital to the toast as respective words are in other places though . 
  people often toast without saying anything special . 
  or someone will just propose a toast by saying `` um brinde '' ( a toast ) but nothing is said by everyone . 
  yes we do , it 's rtp . 
  they have 4 channels among the 7 standard ones that everyone gets , and was the only broadcaster in portugal until the early 90s . 
  it has adverts , just like most private tv channels do . 
  usually 1000 mg , sometimes 1 g. also , if it matters to whatever you need this for : * the g for gram is lowercase * in most of europe , commas are used as decimal points so it 's just `` 1000 '' , since 1,000 is 1 * there should be a space between number and unit so it 's `` 1000 mg '' and not `` 1000mg '' sorry if it does n't matter to you and i just sound like a pedant . 
  can you give examples in english of what you 're talking about ? 
  oliven\u00e7a is actually still officially claimed by portugal , even though it 's been more than 200 years . 
  of course no one actually cares at this point and the people there today are undoubtedly spanish but it 's not an issue that 's easily solvable . 
  galicia was never portuguese though , and neither was it ever claimed by portugal . 
  yeah , i like sumol and frisumo much better . 
  it was hugely controversial at the time , with some people on the right going so far as to call it a coup . 
  the main centre-right party 's whole agenda for a few months was that the government was illegitimate and would fall in a matter of weeks . 
  portugal has a history of minority governments with parliamentary support from the main opposition party , so this was quite unconventional , especially since until then , the dividing line between the centre-left and the hard left was seen as stronger than the one between left and right . 
  our national broadcaster actually made ( makes ? ), 
  an adaptation of it ( focusing on our history , of course ) . 
  i 've only seen like 5 minutes of it once but as far as i can tell , it 's well liked . 
  americans eat them with bacon ? 
  wow . 
  nah we eat them plain or with sugar and cinnamon . 
  maybe in spain yes , but that 's not how it 's eaten here . 
  caf\u00e9s and bakeries here do n't typically serve churros . 
  usually , to find churros here ( or farturas , the somewhat similar but `` more portuguese '' snack ) , you go somewhere like [ this ] ( http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/7530/1406/320/f-farturas.jpg ) . 
  maybe in spain people eat churros like we eat past\u00e9is de nata , but we do n't eat churros like we eat past\u00e9is de nata . 
  well , seems like there 's a difference here between portugal and spain then . 
  you typically get churros here from those portable food parlours you find at some festivities and you rarely see them anywhere else . 
  do note that churros here are also seen as a spanish thing , they 're not typical from here . 
  edit : also , they 're served with powdered sugar here , which apparently spaniards find strange . 
  i 've never heard of anyone eating churros for breakfast . 
  they 're street food here at least . 
  i feel like the pirates of the caribbean one where they retrieve a beating heart from a chest and fight over it also keeps on being on tv . 
   if you pretend to study in university should be `` intend '' not `` pretend '' . 
  pretend is fingir . 
  pretty much this . 
  go on then . 
  people from the alentejo region are stereotyped as lazy and slow . 
  there 's a whole genre of jokes devoted to that stereotype , kind of like dumb blonde jokes , but with lazy alentejanos . 
  though this is more a caricature than a stereotype at this point . 
  here in the north , people are stereotyped as being short tempered and direct and swearing a lot . 
  people from lisbon have the typical capital stereotype , being snobby and arrogant and barely acknowledging the existence of the rest of the country . 
  very partial and enthusiastic , as i guess is normal . 
  they root for the national team but analyse the game objectively , i.e. 
  if there 's a penalty against us , the commentators do n't tend to let their affiliation influence their opinion on whether it was fair . 
  they 'll also root for portuguese clubs when they play foreign clubs , but usually more discreetly . 
  edit : if by partial you mean biased , then not very , see the rest of my comment . 
  i once heard an italian guy speak who had an otherwise perfect rp accent but still could n't get rid of that - a at the end of every sentence . 
  sounded quite bizarre . 
  slightly off-topic , but `` uhu '' is n't pronounced as a word here , but as `` u.h.u. 
  chewing gum are chiclets ( and an individual one is `` a chiclet '' ) . 
  a power drill is a black & decker . 
  an anorak is a kispo ( a portuguese brand that no longer exists ) . 
  a shaving razor is a gillette . 
  then there 's the typical ones also used in a lot of other countries , like tupperware , jeep or maizena . 
  that 's a bit strange though , it 's not at all common here to exclude ourselves from `` europeans '' . 
  slippers ( with socks ) . 
  my parents tend to wear normal shoes ( inb4 shocked northerners ) . 
  i 'll wear shoes too if i have visits , seems a bit rude to be in slippers or socks . 
  it 's common here too to ask something along the lines of `` is everything alright ? '', 
  when you see someone you know without expecting an answer ( other than the same thing back ) or even stopping to talk . 
  basically the same as `` hello '' . 
  and it gives you a chance to actually answer if you feel like it . 
  a duplex here is a flat with two floors . 
  a detached house is a house that does n't share any walls with other houses . 
   he was mp for hayes and harlington from 1983 to his retirement in 1997 , having unsuccessfully contested the seat of bristol south in 1979 , when he was defeated by labour 's michael cocks . 
   but are n't ministers also normally appointed ? 
  at least in the uk , which , let 's face it , is the country we all think about when this particular perspective comes up , all ministers have to be elected members of parliament , who in turn are elected as representatives of a constituency . 
  i think this difference in the whole democratic representation system can make it seem like the european comission and even parliament are less democratic . 
  ( sorry if i got anything wrong , please correct me if i did . ), 
  yeah we do n't even have a native word for pickles , we just say pickles . 
  it 's mostly an institutional day with a ceremony involving the president . 
  since the current president is in power , it 's been held in foreign cities with significant portuguese communities : paris in 2016 , s\u00e3o paulo this year , next year it will be in the us . 
  it does n't really celebrate an event in our history though , it 's the day of the death ( as the day of birth is n't known ) of one of our great national symbols , 16th century poet lu\u00eds de cam\u00f5es . 
  yeah sorry if that was confusing . 
  what i meant is that these numbers also change when they 're a part of a larger number . 
  so for instance the `` two '' in `` thirty two '' will change according to gender like `` two '' does . 
  as will `` four hundred '' in `` three thousand four hundred and fifty six '' . 
   meteorologisch `` meteorol\u00f3gico '' is also commonly mispronounced in portugal , as `` metreol\u00f3gico '' . 
  it 's so bad that pronouncing it correctly sometimes sounds weird . 
  we have that for 1 , 2 , every hundred except 100 and 2000 . 
  this applies when it 's just one part of a number too , so any number ending in 1 or 2 , any number whose third-to-last digit is not 0 or 1 , and any number whose fourth-to-last digit is 2 will have different masculine and feminine forms . 
  no one actually struggles with this , that i know of . 
  so maybe it 's just less complicated than in your case . 
  except when they do , that 's the problem . 
  these end letters are usually pronounced when the next word starts with a vowel . 
  eliminating them from the spelling would just create an `` add a random extra letter to this word in some contexts '' rule . 
  yeah , in portugal too , `` storm in a glass of water '' . 
  i doubt most people know what the symbol actually is .
