  i never really liked my own country 's euro coins , to be honest . 
  i quite like the luxembourg ones actually . 
  no , never heard it outside the internet . 
  i think `` fat shaming '' is a real thing ( though displayed more openly among internet edgelords than in everyday interactions ) . 
  there are definitely people with irrational disdain for fat people . 
  of course then you get some people who take an unreasonably radical approach to such things from the other side , but i 've only ever seen that type of stuff on the internet . 
  from what i can remember , we talked about the 13 colonies , the boston tea party and the declaration of independence ( not many details on the revolution itself though ) , and then we picked it back up in the first world war , then the 1929 crash and fdr 's new deal , the second world war , and the cold war . 
  i also recall talking about martin luther king at some point . 
  i only had history until age 14 though , as i chose the science and technology path in secondary school ( high school ? ), 
  so i 'm sure the people who actually had history until the end of school ( not that many , in my experience ) have learned a bit more . 
  that 's pretty interesting , the literal translation of `` makes sense '' ( `` faz sentido '' ) sounds perfectly natural in portuguese . 
  it 's also a thing here among old women in rural areas . 
  like others have said here , it 's got no real significance , it 's just clothes . 
  yes , the number is part of the address . 
  people living in the same building in different flats have different addresses , much like people living in different houses on the same street have different house numbers and therefore different addresses . 
  i find it weird how in some countries , everyone living in a 6 storey building will have the same address , it makes it sound like if all 12 or 18 households all live together like a family . 
  edit : also , you have to put the name of every single person that lives there , so that all correspondence to everyone gets delivered there , right ? 
  seems more complicated to me than just having a number . 
  doorbells sometimes , because it 's annoying for people to have to memorise , or always ask , which flat a particular person lives in . 
  in mailboxes i think it happens occasionally , but most often not . 
  the number of your specific apartment is part of your address . 
  the name of the person on the envelope does n't matter to the mailman , it 's only for you to know that a letter addressed to you is ditected to you and not anyone else in your house/flat . 
  both the doorbell and mailbox versions only ever appear in apartment buildings , by the way , never in houses . 
  let me guess : `` there was order and respect '' . 
  yeah , i 'm from porto and there 's often accents from the lisbon area that i find really strong and not `` standard '' at all . 
  but there 's accents that deviate more from the standard than others . 
  i always pronounce v and \u00e3o `` properly '' and i always have , but i 'm pretty sure my accent still sounds like a porto accent to someone not from here . 
  also how do you say joelho ? 
  i know the central variant you mean , the clear jo-\u00ealho . 
  i pronounce it like joeilho , but i guess that 's a northern pronunciation . 
  i also say `` pchina '' , by the way , although i pronounce some i 's that people in lisbon do n't . 
  in the 20th century , the standard was considered to be the accent from coimbra , but recently , it 's accepted that it is now de facto the lisbon accent , especially due to its high presence in the media . 
  the city of coimbra in general has also kind of lost some importance to lisbon and porto . 
  we do n't really have very distinct dialects within portugal , by the way , only different accents . 
  ( we do have a minority language spoken by about 15k people near the northeastern border with spain , though . ), 
  the portuguese language was first standardised in the 13th century , and the country 's borders have barely changed since then , so we 're pretty cohesive in that aspect . 
  as far as i know , what 's an andalusian thing is pronouncing both z and s with the lisp . 
  the standard spanish pronunciation ( in spain ) is the `` lisp '' on z ( as well as c before e and i ) and a `` normal '' s sound for s ( actually a little bit different from the english s sound , but very similar nonetheless ) . 
  full frontal nudity is very rare and i 'm pretty sure it 's always 16 + rated . 
  when it does show up on public tv , it tends to be in artsy films at night . 
  women 's breasts are also kinda rare and sometimes avoided but not usually censored ( though i think sometimes they are ) . 
  and most displays of nudity/breasts are from foreign shows and films , there 's little nudity in portuguese-produced media . 
  i feel like when i was a kid , in the 90s and early 00s , nudity on tv used to be more frequent and casual . 
  you 'd see the occasional topless woman in an advert , which would be weird now . 
  portugal and spain at least are very much on the potato side of potatoes vs pasta . 
  yup , same in belgium . 
  feels weird when at any green light you still have to watch out for cars . 
  it can happen here in portugal too at some crossings , but usually , in these situations , both the car and the pedestrian will have a blinking yellow light alongside the green one ( trying to find a pic but i ca n't seem to find the specific one ) . 
  ours is a bit different , there 's two parts . 
  first someone on a horse with that red cloth thing ( who 's the main star of the bullfight ) puts skewers into the bull . 
  then in the second part , a bunch of guys ( 10 or so ) go in , and one of them taunts the bull until the bull charges at him , and grabs the bull by the head as it charges . 
  then they all grab different bits of the bull until they manage to make it stop . 
  the bull does n't die within the actual fight but later in private . 
  i hope i got it right , i 'm not into bullfighting or from a bullfighting region , so please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  it 's a thing in portugal as well so no luck with us either . 
  just to add to that , it 's the day of his death because his date of birth is n't known . 
  the day itself is quite solemn and there 's a ceremony where the president condecorates people . 
  yeah that 's probably the most typical one and it 's great . 
  are n't profiteroles french ? 
  anyway they 're well known in many countries i think . 
  though ( @op ) we do have our own version of the croissant and it 's amazing . 
  i 'd say strawberry , followed by peach . 
  never heard of grape jam . 
  we also have [ marmelada ] ( http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/1534/1386/1600/marmelada_vinho_porto.jpg ) , made out of quince , but that 's got a completely different consistency to jam ( and is the origin of the word marmalade and similar words in different languages that refer to stuff that has invariably nothing to do with marmelada ) . 
  it 's also common in portugal to refer to cultural aspects of the anglosphere as anglo-saxon . 
  yeah , and also taking work home for weekends and evenings , and being expected to answer work-related calls and emails at those times . 
  not a thing here at all . 
  over here , recyclable rubbish collection is from large common bins ( one for plastic/metal , one for paper/cardboard , one for glass , sometimes one for batteries ) which are present in most streets , so i just take all the recyclable waste together in a bag and put each item in the relevant bin . 
  ( these bins just have small openings through which you can mostly only put individual items , you do n't usually put a full bag into it . ), 
  non-recyclable waste is collected from large common bins too in some neighbourhoods ( usually next to the recyclable ones ) , where you just take your full bin bags whenever you feel like it , or , in other neighbourhoods , you put your bin bag outside the door at the end of the day and it will get collected from there . 
  the rubbish is collected daily so you do n't have to hold on to any rubbish for some days while you wait for it to be collected ( i 'm looking at you , belgium ! ) . 
  edit : i was actually going to answer the question but i got sidetracked , sorry . 
  i have a general waste bin and a `` stuff to recycle '' bag which i empty into the appropriate containers on the street when it 's full . 
  as i said in reply to someone else above , cds is to the ( social ) right of psd , being a conservative and traditionalist party with catholic influences . 
  they still do n't really play into the whole nationalist right thing and they 're members of the epp . 
  so yeah , we have two right wing parties in parliament . 
  there 's a nationalist right wing party called pnr that 's been around for a couple of decades and has been trying to get votes off the refugee crisis , but they 're mostly laughed at . 
  they got 0.5 % of the votes in the last parliamentary election ( october 2015 ) , which was n't enough to elect an mp ( we have more than 200 mps but there are electoral districts which make parliamentary representation not completely proportional ) . 
  over here , sitting on the floor with your legs crossed is having `` legs like a chinese '' . 
  a line of people behind each other is an indian line . 
  as for food , we have a type of biscuits we call hungarian biscuits which i 've heard have nothing to do with hungary . 
  the dough is yellow and sweet and half of the biscuit is covered in chocolate . 
  they often come on shapes like crescents , fish or four leaf clovers . 
  edit : the most classic card game here is literally called `` the swedish '' but i do n't think it 's got anything to do with sweden . 
  maced\u00f3nia here is just a mix of boiled vegetables ( typically including things that are ingredients in russian salad ) , so i guess before you put mayonnaise/parsley/any other seasoning in the salad and serve it , it would be considered just a maced\u00f3nia . 
  i 'm not sure of the exact definition , though . 
  pretty sure regular omelettes are called tortilla francesa in spain , whereas spanish omelettes are just tortillas . 
   in the us there 's a cake called german chocolate cake , it 's not german . 
  originally the name was german 's chocolate cake , german being a last name , which explains it . 
  on the other hand , the english horn ( a woodwind instrument ) was actually created by a german called englisch . 
  we actually do call it russian salad . 
  still . 
  sparkling water is always referred to as water with gas ( \u00e1gua com g\u00e1s ) . 
  to go off on a little tangent here , i 've only recently realised that over here , all sparkling water comes in green bottles ( both glass and plastic ones ) . 
  does this happen anywhere else ? 
  if you put it in that binary way in terms of `` good countries '' and `` bad countries '' , the us is definitely one of the good countries for the average portuguese person . 
  we also say roos-velt as if it were phonetically spelled in english . 
  s\u00e3o / santo/santa is saint , for , respectively , male saints that start with a consonant , male saints that start with a vowel , and female saints . 
  other things , inherently religious or not , named after saints , are named similarly . 
  tl ; dr : church of saint [ name ],
