  yup , those three surnames are all rather common names in portugal and may be common in countries bordering brazil . 
  no excuse for `` gonzales '' though , the portuguese equivalent is gon\u00e7alves . 
  a lot of european languages have noun genders which influence articles like that . 
  something that 's interesting about portuguese is that we do n't only have two words for 1 depending on noun gender , we also have two words for 2 and for every hundred except 100 . 
  the `` spanish lisp '' is the standard ( within spain ) pronunciation of the letter z ( and c before e or i ) . 
  it 's intentional because it 's the sound it makes . 
  it 's not a lisp . 
  s makes a different sound , closer to the s sound in english . 
  ( note that what i said has regional variations , though , even within spain . ), 
  anyway , portuguese does n't have the `` th '' sound and a lot of portuguese people actually struggle with the pronunciation in english and replace it by a t , s or f sound . 
  putting it simply , there 's subjects that are common for everyone , and there 's 5 or 6 general areas you can choose ( science , economics , humanities , etc ) that influence what other subjects you have throughout the last 3 years of school . 
  the general areas themselves then have mandatory subjects and a couple of subjects you can choose . 
  in the end , some of subjects require that you take a national exam ( `` national '' here meaning everyone in the country taking that subject 's exam that year does the exact same exam at the same time ) that influences your final grade . 
  to get into some degrees you must have completed certain specific subjects and taken their national exams , and admission to a degree ( in public unis at least ) depends only on a weighted average of the grades you got in school from your teachers and the exam grades . 
  you 're scottish though , right ? 
  pretty sure scottish `` college '' is n't the same as english and welsh `` college '' . 
  ( i realise i 'm probably going to say something that 's more country-specific than i realised so please correct me if i do . ), 
  to touch on something that has n't been mentioned : we do n't use the whole major/minor system you have in the us . 
  you apply to a specific bachelor 's / master 's / etc programme in a particular uni and you get mostly mandatory modules that are directly related to that area , plus some electives ( and often things somewhere in the middle , like choosing between `` packages '' of modules ) . 
  universities are not a place for general education , that 's secondary school ( high school ? ), 
  business ( and even secondary school is already a bit specialised towards a general area , at least in portugal ) . 
  it seems like in the us , everyone attends different modules that they mostly just pick and choose , while in europe , people doing the same degree do most of the same modules and you have the same classmates in most of your classes . 
  for fully bologna-compliant countries ( agreement that standardised uni education in europe ; the uk did n't go through with it ) , a bachelor 's degree is 3 years , and a master 's degree is an additional 2 years ( and has a bachelor 's as a prerequisite ) . 
  there are also 5-year programmes that you do at once that include both . 
  estonia, 
  it 's not actually too common to name streets after notable foreign people in portugal . 
  most are named after portuguese people . 
  in porto , at the moment , i can only think of pra\u00e7a carlos alberto , named after charles albert of sardinia , who was exiled in porto and , i believe , lived on that very square . 
  cds is understood as being further to the right of psd . 
  it shares some of the same ideology but is more focused on socially conservative issues and `` christian values '' ( anti-gay marriage , anti-abortion , family-focused society , etc ) . 
  it 's the party most associated to traditionalist upper class circles too . 
  podemos is usually considered to be the spanish equivalent of be even though they were formed more recently . 
  same with syriza in greece ( before they were in power at least ) . 
  also , we have no c 's equivalent and we have two parties in pp 's place ( psd and cds-pp ) . 
  though i guess some wings of psd might fit c 's better then they 'd fit pp . 
  and of course no regional issues , which are a big deal in spain . 
  though it does seem to be less of a taboo to be a francoist than it is to be a salazarist . 
  they 're both europa . 
  but we use an article with europe - we literally say `` the europe '' ( `` a europa '' ) . 
  the moon of jupiter is just europa , no article . 
  it 's not exactly popular , it 's kind of just there . 
  it tends to air sports that do n't usually get much attention , like winter sports , snooker , women 's or under - [ age ] ( or both ) football , track and field , etc. 
  i 'll just mention all our parties in parliament , since they 're just 7 . 
  i 'm going to go by current number of mps . 
  hope i do n't sound biased . 
  the big two , who 've been alternating in power since we 're a stable democracy : * psd ( social democratic party - 89 mps ) : centre-right , currently neoliberal , traditionally with some conservative elements . 
  the name 's a bit misleading , really . 
  recently associated with austerity measures ; were in power ( in a coalition with cds-pp ) during most of the troika intervention and the economic hard times . 
  party of former president of the ec jos\u00e9 manuel barroso . 
  * ps ( socialist party - 86 mps ) , currently forming government since late 2015 : classic west-european centre-left party , traditionally fond of public investment and reforms . 
  took a third way turn back when that was cool and were in power when the financial crisis blew up . 
  after having implemented the first austerity measures back then , they 're now trying to lead portugal into a post-austerity stage . 
  party of un secretary-general ant\u00f3nio guterres . 
  as for the rest : * be ( left bloc , 19 mps ) , currently provides parliamentary support to the ps government : democratic socialist . 
  formed out of a merger of leftist parties about 20 years ago . 
  socially progressive . 
  staunchly anti-austerity , defends debt renegotiation . 
  * cds-pp ( democratic and social centre - popular party , 18 mps ) : socially conservative and economically liberal . 
  sometimes referred to as christian democrats . 
  often psd 's junior coalition partner , even having run together as one party in the last elections . 
  * pcp ( portuguese communist party , 15 mps ) , currently provides parliamentary support to the ps government : hardline communist . 
  oldest party in portugal that 's still active , being founded before the dictatorship and surviving in secrecy until it was gone . 
  pro-ussr back in cold war times and still embodying traditional communist ideals . 
  strong workers ' rights agenda and very close to unions . 
  it never runs alone , but in a coalition with green party pev called cdu , of which they 're by far the main partner . 
  * pev ( ecologist party `` the greens '' , 2 mps ) , currently provides parliamentary support to the ps government : green and hard-leftist . 
  like i said , they always run together with pcp as cdu . 
  people can only vote for cdu , then pcp and pev have their own agreement on the number of mps . 
  * pan ( people-animals-nature , 1 mp ) : they 're a relatively new animal rights and nature preservation oriented party which just got its first mp in the latest election . 
  in terms of european parties , psd and cds-pp are in the epp , ps is in the s&d , and be , pcp and pev are all in the gue . 
  do n't think pan is affiliated with any group . 
  hi i am espanis i am from espain, 
  yeah i think most portuguese people in portugal also find it a bit weird that these kids support the portuguese national team . 
  also , it 's not exactly fair to compare today 's portugal to portugal in the 60s and early 70s ( when the bulk of the immigration took place ) , a fascist dictatorship sending its young men to an imperialism-motivated war in africa . 
  north vs south , and porto vs lisbon as an extension of that braga vs guimar\u00e3es ca n't think of any more right now . 
  not here , at least in the large cities . 
  like other people said , the buses have a front door through which you enter and a back door through which you exit . 
  the only people who thank the driver are people who ask them to leave through the front door ( older people who find it hard to walk for instance ) , people who ask to be let out when not at a bus stop when the bus is stuck in traffic , etc. 
  in portugal , only the azores and madeira archipelagos ( the autonomous regions ) have regional governments , and even then , they do n't have nearly the level of autonomy as us states do . 
  mainland portugal is divided into 18 districts named after their most important city , but they do n't even have any sort of local power assigned to them . 
  they 're just used as administrative divisions for some practical purposes . 
  people do n't identify with them , especially as they 're just named after a city . 
  instead , people identify with regions that sort of correspond to the mid 20th century `` province '' subdivisions , which sometimes fall along district lines but sometimes do n't , although region boundaries can be a bit more blurry . 
  then you have municipalities ( 308 in the country in total ) which are an area usually including a few cities/towns/villages , and those actually have elected local political institutions . 
  i guess maybe the us equivalent would be the county , but i think those are bigger than our municipalities . 
  actually , portugal 's official stance is still that oliven\u00e7a is portuguese territory , even though it was occupied by spain over 200 years ago now . 
  yes . 
  there 's a big centre-right party ( psd ) and a big centre-left party ( ps ) that dominate the political scene , and ever since we 're a stable democracy , one of these parties has been in power ( or led the governing coalition ) . 
  we have no major party that 's `` between them '' in terms of political spectrum , and their range of ideologies is traditionally understood to sort of meet a bit in the centre , though that 's not really the case at this exact moment . 
  in fact , both parties accuse each other of drifting away from the centre quite often . 
  we used to use `` quotations like this '' but it 's fallen out of use . 
  newspapers in the 90s , at least , still used those . 
  i ( born in 91 ) was taught to use `` these '' at school , like in american english . 
  ` these ' are not used as quotation marks . 
  in fiction literature , dialogues have long dashes instead of quotation marks , like this :  text text text text , and then joe said :   -- text text text . 
    -- text text -- replied julia . 
    -- text ? 
  -- asked joe -- text text text !, 
  as for other differences i can think of off the top of my head , we do n't use the oxford comma ( comma before `` and '' ) at all , it 's considered wrong . 
  i get the feeling we use slightly more commas in general , though .
