probably 30 mph , which is approximately 48 km/h . 
  yeah , i had no idea it existed here . 
  in portugal it refers to the first 4 years of proper school , from about ages 6 to 9 . 
  they 're the years where the same teacher teaches nearly all subjects and the different lessons just flow into each other without much of a rigid timetable . 
  it 's no longer considered primary school when you start having 10 or so different subjects with 10 or so different teachers . 
  `` anglo-saxon '' is used in some places in europe , including here , as a cultural term , not ethnic/genetic . 
  i 've heard it as basically referring to the common cultural traits of the developed anglophone countries , and sometimes even including central/northern europe as a whole . 
  * tucky-too also , `` peri peri '' actually is a common spelling in english . 
  yeah , i 'd say `` was '' . 
  `` has been '' kind of seems to imply it still is , though . 
  do they really ? 
  which region is that ? 
  also , you mean the portuguese x , so a `` sh '' sound , right ? 
   that 's like eating french fries on rice . 
  that 's actually really common here in portugal , it 's what we typically have with steaks and grilled meat . 
  i personally always heard casas . 
  ( in porto ) there was also something called `` casas abertas '' ( open houses ) and `` casas fechadas '' ( closed houses ) but i do n't remember what that did . 
  [ place flagey , brussels ] ( https://bobobrussels.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/img_2957.jpg ) - a rather bizarre statue of fernando pessoa on a bit of portuguese pavement . 
  here you do n't even cover integrals in school , or at least you did n't when i went through it ( finished 8 years ago ) . 
  only learned them at uni . 
  we did cover derivatives extensively , though . 
  they 're still a monarchy actually . 
  in portuguese it 's just the `` big finger of the foot '' . 
   they do n't have a separate word for `` toe '' . 
  they are just `` fingers '' , too . 
  boorish !, 
  same in portuguese , `` finger of the foot '' . 
  and let 's be honest , if it was you germans saying fu\u00dffinger , everyone would think `` classic germans with their german words '' . 
  it 's almost disappointing that you do n't call them that . 
   different systems may vary , but uk allows a pretty direct rule from the people to their representatives . 
  if i want to elect a mp who believes in abolishment of council tax ( or a party that does ) i can vote that way . 
  whole other ball game with europe where my european vote means little for direct representation . 
  yeah , see , it does n't work like that in a lot of ( most ? ), 
  other european countries . 
  here in portugal , a ballot for a parliamentary election has parties on it , not people . 
  mps from a certain party will nearly always all vote the same way , save for rare occasions . 
  i find the concept of `` my mp '' a bit unusual . 
  i find the concept of the cabinet being only composed of elected mps a bit unusual . 
  i find the fact that there 's a formal opposition a bit unusual . 
  and brits might find our system a bit unusual , that 's normal . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is i understand why a lot of brits perceive the eu as somewhat `` undemocratic '' , as they 're used to a different model of representation . 
  azores in red , mainland in black . 
  it 's not a joke , it 's showing the possibly surprising fact that the span of the azores archipelago is larger than mainland portugal . 
  the map itself is just the azores superimposed on a sideways map of mainland portugal . 
  the islands shown inside the map of portugal are in white and the ones outside are in black , so that might also be a bit confusing . 
  to add to the confusion , water is also shown in white , which makes it seem like some features of mainland portugal are azorean islands . 
  so yeah , good idea , but an extra colour would make it clearer . 
  other than that , the main topic of concern is still the forest fire that killed over 60 people two weeks ago . 
  it seems that the online communication platform used by some emergency services malfunctioned on that day , and in fact it seems that there might have been a few things wrong with it for a while now . 
  there 's a general feeling now of trying to find something or someone to blame over this and politicians are subtly ( or not so subtly ) trying to score points , especially now with local elections happening in a few months . 
  opposition leader and former prime minister pedro passos coelho gave a speech for the local election campaign at pedr\u00f3g\u00e3o grande , the municipality where the deaths occured , and commited a massive gaffe when he said that there had been suicides of people from the area in the aftermath of the fire due to lack of proper psychological assistance , when in fact there were none . 
  other fire-related controversies include a series of opinionated articles about the events in the spanish paper el mundo by a portuguese journalist who seems to not actually exist , and an unfortunate arrogant quip involving farts from eurovision winner salvador sobral at a benefit concert . 
  as was already mentioned , a bunch of ammunition and explosives were stolen from the military . 
  meanwhile , a spanish newspaper published an unconfirmed list of the stolen material . 
  a few people in the military have been fired over this , but it 's still an ongoing case . 
  in football , portugal came 3rd in the confederations cup after being humiliated in the penalty shootout against chile , and the benfica email leak scandal took a bizarre turn when it came out that benfica allegedly had a contract with a wizard from guinea-bissau who would perform witchcraft to help them win . 
  i know for train tickets you do use the receipt as a ticket . 
  it 's a british sketch show . 
  they 're not real words . 
  wow , in 2015 we took about 50 days and that was considered absolute chaos . 
  at first i thought you were accusing erdo\u011fan of being helium . 
  portuguese does n't have one , the only possible name is rep\u00fablica checa ( or tcheca in brazil ) . 
  cebola in portuguese . 
  yeah , over here , if someone rides a bike , i 'd assume it 's either in order to do regular exercise or out of principle ( environmentally friendly lifestyle , for instance ) . 
  it 's seen as less convenient and more dangerous than driving or using public transportation by the general population . 
  not to mention the hilly topography and the hot weather in the summer , which make it quite uncomfortable . 
  i 'm not defending the lack of a biking culture , by the way , just presenting reasons . 
  i do think it would probably be viable to have more biking habits than we currently do . 
  sounds like the situation in portugal . 
  and here helmets and reflective vests are actually required by law . 
   is n't it the same in every country ? 
  absolutely not . 
  i 'd never heard of anything like this . 
  not from central europe but no , you ca n't do that here . 
  you have to keep pressing . 
  i 'm not even sure if i was aware that locking pumps existed . 
  there 's been some discussion on regionalisation and as far as i know , there 's some political consensus that it should be something to look into in the future . 
  currently , other the autonomous regions of madeira and azores , portugal lacks any large scale divisions with real local power . 
  the 18 distritos of continental portugal are really mostly a way to divide the country in large chunks when necessary , they 're administrative only and have no political power associated . 
  it 's only at the municipality level ( and below ) that you get local political representation . 
  so i think the basic idea is to create large regions within the country ( less and larger than the current 18 ) that actually hold some political power . 
  there was a referendum on something like this about 20 years ago , but people voted against it . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://images-cdn.impresa.pt/expresso/2015-10-16-apelidos-fisga-/original/mw-1280 ) , which takes into account people born in the first half of 2015 , the top 10 are : 1 . 
  silva ( woods/forest ) 2 . 
  santos ( saints ) 3 . 
  pereira ( pear tree ) 4 . 
  ferreira ( from * ferro * - iron ) 5 . 
  costa ( coast ) 6 . 
  oliveira ( olive tree ) 7 . 
  rodrigues ( first name rodrigo + - es ) 8 . 
  martins ( first name martim + - es ) 9 . 
  sousa ( a river in northern portugal ) common patterns are the former patronymic '' [ male first name ] + - es '' and trees ( usually ending in '' - eira '' ) . 
  you often see de/da/do ( = of/of the ( fem ) / of the ( masc ) ) before some surnames on some people but it 's a bit arbitrary if they do or not . 
  also , each person typically has several surnames , which seems to baffle a lot of foreigners . 
  i was surprised at how many people in sweden talked on their phones hands-free with the earpiece thingy while walking on the street . 
  it never really took off here on a large scale . 
  it was a somewhat controversial issue in the past , when i was in school . 
  i think some regulations have been put in place since then but i do n't know how much anything 's changed . 
  i remember it made my family pretty angry back on the day . 
  you ( used to , at least ) have a lot of school subjects around the ages of 12-14 , and on the worst days i could have like 5 different subjects that day , and so i 'd need to carry 5 textbooks and 5 notebooks , plus some subjects had extra exercise books too .
