source ? 
  just what scottish students have to pay in england . 
  if it 's ground to be annoyed , it should be at england 's policies , not scotland 's . 
  yeah , they somehow manage to sell ... to british/american tourists , i guess ? 
  because yeah , it just is n't popular here - to the point of people going out of their way to not drink heineken . 
  the true question : how do your tourists still manage to be a drunk nuisance all over europe then ? 
  i literally do n't have a single dutch friend who 'd voluntarily drink heineken . 
  well , nl could 've broken deeper into their ranks it it not declined as much . 
  and seeing the current government and political climate , i do n't see much improvement ahead . 
  as a resident , yeah , it keeps the shitheads contained , but it also means that amsterdam effectively does n't have a city centre . 
  tourism is really harming this city a lot , for all the money it brings in . 
  especially the stag parties ( and drunks in general ) i could do without . 
  you can probably define a compose key for that ( unfortunately , i only know how do that under ubuntu ; but i 'm quite certain other oss allow for it , too ) . 
  both sides got dutch bike paths though , 
  why what ? 
  disappointed ? 
  because the netherlands rank pretty much midfield , and the number itself is n't the best , either . 
  if you were asking about separation by smaller units : in the netherlands , as in most places , there 's a massive political divide between urban and rural areas . 
  just for illustration : in a country as famously liberal as the netherlands , there 's a [ bible belt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_ ( netherlands \\ ) ) where it 's not uncommon for the three largest parties in elections to be the far-right protestant party ( sgp ) , right-wing christian democrats ( cda ) , and centre-right christian union ( christenunie ) . 
  why fuck the countryside ? 
  because these parts of the country keep pushing conservative policies on the cities . 
  definitely disappointed at the dutch showing here . 
  although i bet if you 'd separate it along smaller units , you 'd see the same patterns as always in political issues . ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ countryside, 
  that i specified the holocaust , not wwii . 
  no other country , with perhaps the exception of hungary , pursued anything like the genocidal policies of germany . 
   even world war 2 was n't entirely the sole fault of germany that 's revisionism . 
   the anti-semite movement only gained traction ... to blame the holocaust on anybody but the german people is simply disgusting . 
  this was no inevitability , but a choice many people made . 
  to portray those germans who voted hitler into power as victims , that 's disgusting . 
  i think being american may be reason enough ... it 's called * europop * , after all . 
  on youtube , somebody 's saying `` now i miss the 90 's '' . 
  hm ... my reaction is exactly the opposite :d, 
  in germany , taxi pricing is standardised ; so i guess that helps ... 
  you forgot the attempts to kill any cyclist / pedestrian they might come across . 
  now , i do n't know , maybe they do n't do that in paris , but anywhere else , it 's a specialty ... and yeah , the racism . 
  i 've only ever met two kinds of taxi drivers : recent immigrants who do n't speak the language ( usually nice people , though ) , and batshit crazy racists . 
  had one waving his hands in the air , face close to purple , hating on homosexuals , too ... 
  which is fine by me ( even if , as a republican when it comes to dutch matters , i disagree ) - but to be a monarchist * and * to criticise van rompuy for not having been elected directly , that 's where the hypocrisy begins . 
  hilarious , but also showing what a batty guy farage is . 
  after all , he has stated quite clearly that he supports constitutional monarchy - and i bet he has n't voted for the queen , either , has he ? 
  also , that badger-sized rhino ... 
  i wish : / ^ ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ ^ yeah , ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ 1.68 ^ ^ ^ ^ short ^ ^ ^ ^ guy ... 
  oh , come on , van rompuy really is the least important ( or recognisable ) of those figures . 
  has no media presence , either . 
  oh , catalans were n't exactly treated nicely for , like , the major part of the last century either . 
  and the current government is run by the folks whose intellectual and political heritage you can directly trace to franco . 
  it is very much the fault of the federal system . 
  federalising education policy has effectively quashed the chance of a nationwide reform , and was bound to create a situation in which each state does its own thing ( and none does it well ) . 
  ** another dutch guy , huh ? 
  you are missing that the echr decision i cited earlier clearly argues that homeschooling is a form of deprivation . 
  since children are not able to legally represent themselves , their preferences have to be assumed - they do n't get asked either way . 
  the question is merely whether the state or the parents have the last word . 
  the echr has made a very smart decision on this , arguing that while parents have a right to determine the education of their children , the children have a right to socialisation into society , and school serves just that . 
  in banning homeschooling , the state upholds the children 's rights over their parents ' . 
  ca n't take a bit of humour , huh ? 
  i think what we should really talk about is emigration . 
  perhaps we can get rid of all these right-wingers somehow ... 
  yup . 
  random fact : their top candidate in 2009 was reinhard selten , nobel prize winning economist . 
  which says absolutely nothing . 
  a shooting resembles other shootings ? 
  who 'd have guessed !, 
  for all we know it could be a mentally ill dude who 's angry because he ca n't get laid ... 
  not necessary . 
  i 've got a lot of right-wingers tagged ; it 's the same names as usual . 
  and not to forget breivik . 
  nothing new there , / r/europe has always had a massive right-wing fraction . 
  this is fun and i like that you can see how you match up with parties in any country . 
  but for germany at least , the list of parties is incomplete . 
  why is afd included , but the pirate party is not ? 
  any such tool should really include all parties that are running . 
  in denmark only , or in all of europe ? 
  also , that might be a recommendation to vote for a minor party ( at least in germany , those are not listed ) . 
  so you 're both anti-scientific and a racist . 
   kick business and jobs out from city centers , into the suburbia , where a lot of people like to live . 
  it 's pretty much accepted consensus among urban planners ( as much as i understand it ) that cities need to become denser to provide services . 
  what you are proposing is inefficient to the point of being unsustainable , and underserved suburbs are already starting to suffer from it . 
   they are unhappy to spend 40 min in the car but the reason they do it is that they like their gardens , and are willing to pay this price for it . 
  people simply overestimate the joy they would get out of living in the suburbs . 
  that 's based on pretty basic psychology - we also do that when e.g. 
  considering moving to another part of the country . 
  even worse , people [ vastly underestimate how unhappy commuting makes them ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/prospero/2012/02/quick-study-daniel-kahneman-economic-decision-making ) . 
  and commuting makes us [ extremely unhappy ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/money/2014/feb/12/commuting-unhappy-anxious-ons ) , to the point of being the worst time of the day for large shares of the population . 
  you raise good points . 
  i think some of these arguments stem from a car-centric perspective , though . 
  it 's cars that allow be people live in sparsely populated suburbs or small communities not served by public transport . 
  ultimately , i think this kind of structure is part of the problem : we need cities that are , fundamentally , not built for cars . 
  all evidence suggests that reducing the time people spend in cars , and the number of cars they own , has overall net positive effects . 
  it makes people happier , the environment cleaner , the economy stronger . 
  so while i understand why it 's appealing to subsidise electric cars - and you put up a good defense of that point - i think it will prohibit the kind of change we should be aiming for . 
  and how many people live in that county ? 
  norway , sweden , and denmark do n't differ much by [ urbanisation rate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urbanization_by_country ) . 
  and if you live in a city , you can ride a bike ; no matter how much hinterland there is . 
  electric vehicles are still cars . 
  they are not sustainable transport , unlike trains , buses , and most of all bicycles . 
  even taking aside non-environmentalist arguments ( benefits to local economy , health , mental well-being , etc. 
  ) , why should governments push people to move to electric cars rather than bikes ? 
  transport policy that justifies its name beyond making more and more space for more and more , bigger and bigger cars . 
  one more thing that keeps me in europe . 
  and i really wish people did n't .
