  the big cities for sure would gain if we could get rid of car parking , at least in the centre . 
  like , you might actually be able to walk/sit along the grachten ... 
  numbers i 've found floating around the internet vary between 13 and 18 million bikes in the country , but close ;-), 
  for years i 've been lied to !, 
  i once looked up hungarian pronunciation when i went there , and i 'm certain i read that it 's always emphasised on the first ( and only the first ) syllable . 
  well , til . 
  and you have to emphasise only the first syllable , right ? 
  that 's where it gets crazy ... 
  eh , i think the literally hitler part is n't what jobbik would mind ... 
  oh , i 'm actually in favour of adopting english as a ( sole ) common language for the union . 
  but eurovision is pop ; nobody cares about the lyrics ( and if they do , lyrics written by native speakers are on average going to be better ) . 
  i love hearing the diversity of europe at eurovision !, 
  til persecuting homosexuals and tolerating vicious attacks on them is just an `` opinion '' . 
  ethnonationalism is fucking bullshit , though . 
  should austria annex south tyrol ? 
  mexico the texan border ? 
  does morocco have a claim to amsterdam , given the large minority here ? 
  i 'm actually in favour of getting the old `` sing in a local language '' rule back . 
  makes everything so much more exciting and less monotonous !, 
  yes : two different questions were asked . 
  the difference would be the same people . 
  i like that !, 
  actually ridiculous to do anything but random ordering . 
  i 'm actually quite surprised by the low number here , seeing that the netherlands have some of the best engineering programmes in the world . 
  especially given that these programmes do have a very significant cultural impact in the respective cities ... 
  in terms of publications per head , the netherlands are actually ahead of almost all countries , save the nordic and switzerland . 
  but that may well be driven by the social sciences . 
  good point , although i specifically referenced the terms used in op 's graphic ( i.e. , homosexuality ) . 
  however , i agree that there is a difference if we are talking about men who have sex with men ( i.e. , a behavioural terminology , as used in research ) , marriage equality , etc. 
  i still think my first point holds , though : in these cases , there is still no consideration of contrasting fundamental values . 
  there is simply no fundamental value ( as to be found in , say , the universal declaration of human rights ) that would be breached by , say , marriage equality . 
  thus , i do not see any justification for it being a moral issue ( while marriage non-equality clearly is : equal treatment before the law is a fundamental value ) . 
  as somebody who 'd be in the gray for some of these questions : there are questions that are undoubtedly moral issues . 
  abortion , for me , is one : it 's a question in which fundamental values ( the right of the mother to decide over her own body ; the right of the child to live - and when do sperm and egg become a child ? 
  etc. ), 
  need to be considered to come to an opinion . 
  on the other hand , homosexuality is n't a moral issue : if homosexuality is innate , it 's a fact of nature ; and how could i decide to accept ( or not to accept ) a fact of nature ? 
  to make homosexuality a moral issue , to me , is like making gravity a moral issue : absurd . 
  i disagree . 
  for example , i do n't find homosexuality acceptable - it simply is n't something i am in a position to accept . 
  to say you ` accept ' homosexuality is like saying you accept gravity : ridiculous . 
  yeah , but you 'd find that those who find the thought of marriage equality `` icky '' tend to be more religious , and vote for that party with the big `` c '' in it . 
  i definitely agree that there is a problem with holding current member states to the agreed-upon standards - and it is therefore all the more important to make sure that these standards are met before countries accede to the eu . 
  i would not have singled out italy , though ; or at least not as the worst example . 
  when it comes to democratic deficits , romania for example is probably worse . 
  it also has , together with hungary ( both treatment of roma ) and greece ( treatment of asylum seekers ) a massive human rights problem . 
  hungary , in particular , should have been pressured much more in recent years . 
  instead , its neo-fascist government is allowed to continue dismantling the country 's economy and civic institutions while openly displaying antisemitism and antiziganism . 
   in order for moldova to enter the eu , they must fulfill the entry requirements . 
  if they do n't , they wo n't be accepted . 
  that is , i am afraid , wishful thinking . 
  if we look to the ec 's own publications , [ conditions for membership ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/conditions-membership/index_en.htm ) include  stable institutions guaranteeing democracy , the rule of law , human rights and respect for and protection of minorities i would argue that romania and bulgaria ( to pick two particularly egregious examples ) do not fulfil any of these conditions , nor did they when their accession was agreed upon . 
  another condition is spelled out as  the ability to take on and implement effectively the obligations of membership , including adherence to the aims of political , economic and monetary union . 
  that , too , is evidently not the case in a number of current member states , although it may be less clear whether these conditions were breached at the time of accession . 
  the european idea , as i see it , is the idea of a united europe , democratic , peaceful , liberal , and with an open exchange of people , ideas , and goods . 
  accepting new members into the eu that do not meet minimum requirements weakens this idea and degrades it from a guiding principle to empty talk . 
  i believe that the eu as a whole is already tainted by the neo-fascist government of hungary or the democratic deficits in romania . 
  and i believe that it is for the better of the citizens of aspiring member states to insist on strong entry requirements to the union - eu membership should be an incentive for better governance . 
  i 'd rather not be associated with that genocidal explorer . 
  as if there are n't already enough economically weak , democratically doubtful countries in the eu . 
  rapidly growing the eu - as it has been done in the past , and as it seems to continue - harms the european idea , weakens the union , and does n't really seem to deliver the kinds of benefits to citizens in the new member states you would hope for . 
  can we have a pro-eu , non-xenophobic perspective critical of rapid expansion ? 
  got ta love that each of them depicts at least one flag . 
  a lot of this is ` old tech ' - does n't get as much space in the news as ` app making ' , but definitely pushes munich here . 
   finnish people like their language . 
  and * other * funny sounding things . 
  ftfy . 
  because clearly , one of those two sets is a subset of the other ;-), 
  when police assault journalists , you know they must have something else to hide , too . 
  these people need to be fired and prosecuted . 
  atheists are the largest ` religious ' group in a number of countries , if not an absolute majority . 
  the netherlands have a [ bible belt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_ ( netherlands \\ ) ) . 
  we 're talking about an area were the ultra-conservative sgp - a party that only started to accept women as members in the last decade - wins majorities . 
  as conservative as some parts of germany are ( and i grew up in an area where calvinism is strong ) , that 's another level . 
  i mean , i can bring up other countries as well ; here in the netherlands , it 's religious objection that hinders vaccination - another factor that can not easily be overcome by better information . 
  but that 's clearly not the case in many places where non-vaccination is an issue ; in particular not in the us ( where this is particularly hotly debated ) . 
  people * know * about vaccines , they just do not accept the evidence in their favour . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.plosbiology.org/article/info%3adoi%2f10.1371%2fjournal.pbio.1000114 ) 's an interesting article that looks at this failure of science communication . 
  if you mean education and healthcare broadly , sure , that 's policy ; but not targeted . 
  if you mean it narrowly , that has evidently failed . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.plosbiology.org/article/info%3adoi%2f10.1371%2fjournal.pbio.1000114 ) 's a great article on the failure of science communication when it comes to vaccines . 
   children not getting vaccinated is not the origin of the problem but a mere symptom of it . 
  the real problem is parents ( and people in general ) being misinformed about vaccinations . 
  yeah , but the first can be solved by policy , the latter can not . 
  sounds great . 
  if you read my other comments in this thread , you 'll see that i 've endorsed public transport several times . 
  it combines perfectly with cycling , too !, 
  i think the urban spread of austin is a much bigger challenge . 
  i 've been there , it 's ridiculous how large the city is . 
  see , a mindset in which a 40km commute appears reasonable - that 's the car-centric mindset . 
  especially knowing that [ commuting makes people unhappy ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/money/2014/feb/12/commuting-unhappy-anxious-ons ) and is frequently their [ worst time during the day ] ( http://scienceblogs.com/cortex/2010/03/30/commuting/ ) . 
  i cycle in a jeans , shirt , and sports coat . 
  * and * i 've supplied ample evidence that in contrary to your derogatory video , cycling is greatly beneficial to society as a whole - those who do it , in particular ; but others who benefit from positive environmental and economics externalities as well . 
  sure , call me arrogant , elitist , whatever you want ; but do n't be surprised when i call you ignorant and anti-scientific then . 
  that 's a pretty cool reaction !, 
  would love to know the long-term effects of this - i can imagine that a significant number of people become ` hooked ' on whatever alternative they are using . 
  i have no idea what the axes are on there . 
  looks like cyclist deaths per inhabitants ? 
  that obviously puts countries with lots of cyclists at a disadvantage . 
  adjusted for kilometres cycled or cycling modal share , the netherlands should be the safest country in the eu .
