could it be argued that this is the lib dem philosophy already ? 
  most people i know seem to approve of the eu in principle , but disapprove of the amount of perceived waste and bureaucracy . 
  much like their view of our domestic government . 
  exactly my point . 
  sending people `` back to wherever their ancestors came from '' is not a good idea . 
  lets send all black people convicted of a crime back to africa then . 
  and all the caucasian criminals in the states can go back to germany and ireland etc. 
  `` send them back where their ancestors come from '' is a vague and ignorant statement to make in regards to crime . 
  because obviously all muslims in europe are first generation immigrants . 
  its not like many of them were born here and have never even been to their `` home countries '' in their lives . 
  just out of interest , if you are so worried about your children `` stumbling across '' pornography , have you installed your own filters ? 
  when i said `` quite a few '' i did n't actually say enough . 
  its just that there is * some * accountability . 
  the people have a responsibility to elect the government , the government has a responsibility to make the law , the police have a responsibility to enforce the law made by the people . 
  i would agree with you if the uk was a dictatorship or the was doing something horrifically bad . 
  but at the same time , a police force that interferes in politics is a dangerous one . 
  i want the police to be impartial when they enforce the law . 
  they can change the law in their own time with the ballot box like everyone else , but when on duty i would never want the police to exercise their political beliefs . 
  it is all very well saying that the police should represent the citizens and not defend the status quo , but surely in a democracy , it is not up to the people to make the status quo in the first place ? 
  should we let the police cater to mob rule and allow lynchings of criminals because it is the people that want to do this ? 
  there is a difference between allowing the police discretion in individual incidents , and letting them chose who has the right to protest and who does not . 
  i know the status quo is not perfect , and the government does not actually fully represent the people , but again , that is the fault of our political system , and therefore that is the thing that we should change . 
  * we do need to work on sniffing out those that are corrupt or incompetent , and unfortunately there will be a culture of cover ups . 
  however i think you are being a little pessimistic , have you ever noticed how all the police amas state that they would turn in an officer doing wrong ? 
  ( i know its a bad example btw ) . 
  i think this positive culture is more widespread than you think . 
  you do not go into a profession like that without some moral integrity . 
  * we can agree to disagree on whether the police cause riots . 
  but i maintain that unless you are campaigning for something * extremely * serious ( such as the right to vote ) violence just to get noticed is unacceptable . 
  we all rush to condemn the edl when their protests get violent , i see no different from anyone else . 
  the fact that no one pays attention to protests is a problem that lies with our political system , not our police . 
  * no accountability whatsoever ? 
  yes we need * more * accountability , but there are quite a few checks and balances on their power . 
  `` plant some drugs '' [ citation needed ] , we are not america . 
  also , we all know theresa may is an authoritarian scumbag , but she is actually very unpopular with the police as well , being boo 'd at the police federation conference . 
  * i am aware i just spouted the `` just following orders '' thing , but we follow laws we do n't agree with every day so context is important . 
  there is a section of road in my local town that is a 30 zone . 
  personally , i feel it is unnecessary and should be raised to a 40 , however i stick to the speed limit as i am just doing as i am told . 
  what i meant was , there is no use taking your anger about a political issue out on the police . 
  it is no use shouting at them , or trying to break through the lines , because they are as powerless as you . 
  but as soon as you antagonise them , any sympathy the individual human being in uniform may have for you evaporates and they will become the robots with pepper spray that you fear . 
  the police are stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  i am in no way trying to shift blame . 
  i was just pointing out that it is n't like every single officer ( or even a majority ) is out to get you . 
  the ones that are just have an absolutely huge negative effect . 
  i do n't think you can base a person 's personality on how they behave in a riot or protest . 
  it is an emotionally charged atmosphere and both sides do get out of hand . 
  as an officer you are outnumbered and every innocent action by a member of the public looks like a potential threat . 
  this is why i think we * do * need to change the way we police demonstrations in this country . 
  so each side knows what the other is doing and there are clear boundaries and no nasty surprises . 
  this is why you are supposed to inform the police if you plan to protest . 
  so they are not heavy handed because they are dealing with the unknown . 
  it is unfair to compare the police response to the riots and to other demonstrations . 
  of course there going to be no officers when the riots first started . 
  they were so sudden that there would be a time lag between looting and a response . 
  the student demonstrations were expected so the police had the time to gather together riot trained officers and to provide cover on their usual duties . 
  and which student protest are you referring to ? 
  bearing in mind they trashed the conservative party hq ...  having the time of their lives . 
  that is rhetoric . 
  what do you expect the police to do , stand back and watch . 
  the use of force may have been unjustified in hindsight , and changes should be made to tactics and strategy , but the idea that the average officer enjoys causing pain to people is unsubstantiated . 
  and yes , it does indeed work the other way round . 
  and teaching the police that the public is the enemy is not right ( and i have a feeling that this is confined to the met ) . 
  it can not be justified . 
  but neither can being aggressive to the police just because they are the police . 
  they do not make the laws that you are protesting against . 
  it would be lovely to have a police force where there are no corrupt or incompetent officers , and indeed , i would say that the majority are decent working people . 
  however , no matter where you look , from azerbaijan and america to norway and new zealand , you will find bad apples . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't work to improve our police , or that we should n't try harder to find those doing wrong , i 'm just saying that no force is perfect and never will be . 
  no matter where you are , nearly every protest will have a police presence . 
  this doers not necessarily mean hundreds of officers in riot gear . 
  it might just be a few bobbies keeping an eye on things from a distance . 
  this does not mean they expect trouble or law breaking , however the police would be very naive not to keep an eye on things , even if just from a public safety point of view . 
  the fact is that unless they are ketteling or being abusive , the mere presence of police should not be an escalator for trouble . 
  many protesters seem to forget that the police are not the government , and are simply enforcing the law . 
  the also forget that the officer in front of them could actually agree with their cause and would rather be marching with them . 
  the fact is , if you treat the police like the enemy , they will become the enemy even if they were being respectful before . 
  as for the riots , the officers did what they could . 
  we all saw the pictures of two or three riot trained officers trying to protect a street from around 100 rioters ... 
  the fact is that numbers were a limiting factor , and the abuse and criticism they would have received had they tried to make up for this by using ni style tactics of teargas and water cannon would have been huge . 
  we can * always * improve the police , but expecting something perfect is too much . 
  we should be thankful for what we have first before we sack every last one of them . 
  having the right to use them does n't mean they will be used . 
  how would you suggest the police deal with a peaceful protest with a small number of thugs who use the opportunity to loot and vandalism ? 
  they would be crucified by the press if they did nothing , but as soon as they try to stop the trouble , they are accused of violence . 
  it is a no win situation . 
  you can not send officers to police a large crowd without some sort of protection . 
  pc keith blakelock was hacked to death with a machete after getting separated in the broadwater farm riots . 
  while a riot is obviously different to a protest , the idea of defenseless police officers is not a good one . 
  generally , if you look at most protests , you will see regular officers in uniform escorting the crowd . 
  it is after the situation escalates that the shields and helmets come out . 
  2011 was a shambles partly because the police were scared after the backlash they received from 2010 ( where they * were * in the wrong ) . 
  they are dammed if they do and dammed if they do n't . 
  as for the idea that the police start violence , i do n't think ketteling helps . 
  but it is probably more tit for tat . 
  ie , a protester gets too close to the police line , the officer is threatened and pushes then back into the crowd . 
  the crowd push back at the police who attempt to keep the line together by using batons to drive the crowd back . 
  the crowd sees this as violence and starts throwing things in retaliation . 
  that is how these riots start . 
  a misunderstanding on both sides .
