i ca n't argue with that . . 
  but that 's not the problem of the dutch . 
  how will this cause turkish people to be poorer ? 
  a diplomatic incident occurs cause the turkish government wants to further its autocratic grip . 
  and knows it there are a great many poorly integrated turkish citizens in holland that they can call upon to fote for this destruction of democracy . . and then turkish people for poor ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  read the article . 
  it says they do n't have papers . 
  is the article writen by a far right shitter ? 
  and the hole german government are shitters as well off course for saying they come without papers . 
  yea ? 
  tell me where will they go back to ? 
  the country they do n't have a passport to ? 
  i mean for god sake we do n't even know how old most of them are . 
  let alone what country they are from . 
  who are you going to send them back to ? 
  if they do n't wan na go back to . 
  if they wan na continue profiteering of the welfare state they will . 
  no country in the middle east will take back some random paperless person . 
  yea man tell your self that . 
  but than sending them back will be sutch a ugly picture !!, 
  and they will all get jobs soon so why not let them stay ? 
  it douse give you the moral high ground after all ? 
  yes yes they will all stay . 
  the eu is gay, 
  yea lists always provide 100 truth and nothing but the truth . 
  let 's hold hands guys and sing hallelujah . 
  while the energy becomes green and our newly arrived doctors and loyers poor us some tea and tell us about there culture . 
  right wingers ? 
  are you joking ? 
  corrupt sure manipulative sure party politics sure but right wing ? 
  international law , do n't forget the government works for the people not the other way around . 
  on the bright side . 
  still no muslims suicide bombers or multicultural lead exchanges . 
  i did not know they had wifi signals that far up your ivory tower . 
  but could you send me some pics from up there ? 
  hey hey could you do something for me ? 
  i mean . 
  a large portion of the turkish natives living in europe would probably support the turkish government . 
  after all they foted for dictator erdogan in larger numbers that the turks living in turkey . 
  it 's the governments task to defend it citizens . 
  if it fails to do so i do n't think you should have to follow laws allowing you to defend your self . 
  sounds like fun , let 's do what the australians do . 
  not not nearly as expensive to love as other major city 's . . plus it 's ferry small but easy to travel . 
  with a 20 minute cummute from the center of the finance district your in a village outside of amsterdam . 
  can you also include the female genital mutilation statistics ? 
  i 'm sure they have gone down . 
  cause of forced population shifts . 
  yea and lets also cover the tax reform in the chinese border regions . 
  cause you know that 's relevant for us . 
  you know killings are only the top of the ice berg . 
  underneath there are beatings of gays young girls that do n't feel safe walking through some streets . 
  woman who are forced to wear less and less revealing clothing . 
  the killings are the worst . 
  but there is a much bigger cultural and ideological problem . 
  that sometimes gets so toxic and so barbaric you 'll get these killings . 
  could we ban links to huffing post ? 
  or at least archive them ? 
  links to the daily stromer get deleted after all . 
  yea we only want self rigoureus left wing people smugglers on the seas . 
  oow what 's that ? 
  we do n't publicly state that we do . 
  and we somewhat condemn there behavior when they clearly cross the line . 
  but at the end of the day we 'll let them do what they want cause they further out political agenda . 
  great stuff, 
  what kind of sexism is that . 
  let them all be shot if the iraqi or syrian decides that what has to be done . 
  let them be trialed in the contrys the wreaked havoc . 
  and if syrian government decides that they should be shot down as enemy combats ill celebrate it, 
  they are both horrible for a child . 
  but ask your self the question . 
  what would you rather have happen to your kid . 
  and you had to choose one . 
  your son gets a circumcision and a ferry young age . 
  by a professional in a western country . 
  a pressure most man can still have a healthy sex life with and in general are little long term consequences . 
  or your wife or sister takes your 8 to 10 year old daughter to some middel easter country . 
  take her to some dodgey religious fanatic butcher . 
  who will cut off your clitores . 
  sow her outer libiya together only leaving a small hole to pee from . 
  with a huge infection rate and no possibility of ever having any sexual pleasure . 
  all so her husband can be sure he is getting a firgin when he cuts her open on there wedding night ( most likely a forced marriage ) . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i would choose the first option . 
  but i suppose it would be a nice cultural experience for your daughterm . 
  so yea . . 
  both just as bad . 
  definitely is our strength, 
  sure that 's a twisted tradition and we should get rid of it . 
  but your comparing a minor cut that has little long term effect for sexual and overall health to cutting of the clitoris permanently removing any pleasure gotten from that region . 
  then sowing up the vagina to be cut open on the wedding night . 
  and all this done to you by woman you trust when your around 8-10 years old . 
  and why ? 
  you know that buzzword 3tg wave feminist like to use when taking about the west ? 
  yes that 's why . 
  i think people definitely care . 
  you see we do n't want yet another wave of poorly integrated immigrants who share little to no wester values . 
  and nor will there children . 
  and as we have seen its when the people who hold these twisted ideas get in large enough numbers . 
  the problems do n't become just more spread but also more intense .
