costs go up because private business needs to create profit for its owners , while public does n't . 
  so for example if you need someone to take out trash , you can either pay them directly x amount of money , or you can hire a private company for x +25 % amount of money , so the private business can both pay their employees and still be profitable . 
  but private business strive for efficiency , and because of competition it 's almost always good to have as low of a price as possible . 
  and the profit generated does n't go to waste , it 's either used to expand the firm or to taxes that can go to more useful stuff then garbage collection . 
   monopoly or forms a cartel . 
  it 's really hard to keep a monopoly or a cartel for long . 
  the monopoly will fall due to innovation or someone else doing a better job . 
  keep in mind that a government run business is basically a monopoly . 
  the cartel will fall because the various companies inside the cartel are incentivized to break it . 
  why would that drive up costs ? 
  in the free market , people compete for the lowest prices . 
  the private sector is great at bringing down prices . 
   granted , this requires capable management . 
  exactly , and when a company has bad management it goes bankrupt , and they 're incentivize to be efficient . 
  it 's a bit different in the public sector where corruption is much more common . 
  in bad ways yes , i suppose . 
  you got 18 upvotes for that ????? 
  what ? 
  are people this fucking stupid ? 
  yeah suuuuuuureee, 
  you called karl `` fucking moron '' marx a great man ? 
  the world would be a much better place without that motherfucker . 
  eu at it again with ridiculous red tape . 
  so nothing new i guess . 
  this is a democracy , so it should n't be, 
  would be nice if people in sweden also stopped being so freaking pro-eu, 
  why ca n't we have anti-eu rallies ? 
  if this federated europe had a military they 'd be able to pay soldiers from eastern europe to destroy protests and revolts in britain , for example . 
  they would use the same tactics as the romans , where they took syrians to britain for example , because they do n't care about oppressing those people if they get paid well . 
  because it 's wasteful . 
  there 's no need for the government to spend extra on these things . 
  should be 0, 
   and that 's different to your current government how ? 
  distance ? 
  wealth ? 
  no it 's not . 
  my government is just as horrible as the eu one . 
   what is the goal ? 
  to remove the eu  then what do you suggest ? 
  so people can govern themselves . 
  there are some good things that the eu has made , however the cons vastly outweighs the pros . 
  i 've made a long list of reasons the eu sucks and i can post it if you really care . 
  and i honestly laughed when you said `` democratic organization '' . 
  because nothing says democracy like some far away distant oligarchic bureaucratic hellhole . 
  also , democracy is n't the goal . 
  i do n't want more politicians to reap even higher salaries and more benefits than they already have . 
  i 'm looking for the removal and dismantling of the eu, 
  dae regulations are gud xd, 
  with an increase in minimum wage you could earn 0 usd instead !, 
  i wish my country was more eurosceptic :(, 
  til that due to eu regulations , eu economies are about 41 times less likely to contain prosperity such as economic growth than the american economy, 
  the eu sucks , deal with it, 
  because being anti-eu is only something americans can be !, 
  * rips apart the eu flags and throw them away *, 
  ahh that explains why iceland is so poor, 
  i had no idea irish people were this dumb, 
  implying `` social '' is a good thing and that individualism is a bad thing . 
  the eu does a lot of bad things , people do n't know about it . 
  too bad euro wankers are to lazy to read it . 
  i never knew that you could cram that many lies in one pdf, 
  it 's another layer of beurocratic burden and regulation . 
  nn among many other regulations is what keeps comcast and verizon in power and makes it much harder for startups to compete . 
  just look at how difficult it is for google fiber to spread across !, 
  it 's all due to government granting the companies monopoly . 
  ouf you do n't understand jack shit do n't you ? 
  net-neutrality is a regulation imposed by large internet corporations like netflix , google and reddit so that they can ride of free isp . 
  it would be good for the consumer and more competition would arise if net-neutrality was removed . 
  communism is still a terrible idea that never works . 
  [ okay then ] ( http://redmed.org/sites/default/files/main/articles/brexit_cartoon.jpg ), 
  i ca n't have both ? 
  too much pro-eu and anti-brexit bullshit, 
  yes, 
  the state should n't punish people for just saying something that might hurt someone 's feelings . 
  that 's still breaking free speech principles , and a scary increase in police power, 
  gibraltar because it 's owned by britain, 
  if only more people inside of the eu would realize how shit it really is, 
  no that 's the fucking eu idiots that scream `` no britain come back we want to rule over you '' but england has long since abandoned the sinking ship of the eu, 
  by that logic things like electricity , food and cars should not be generating profit . 
  when things need to generate profit they have to be economical and think smart about money , this is not the case with government employees , that 's why there 's so much wasted tax-money when they try to do something . 
  why is profit making a bad thing ? 
  but that 's not free market competition , which would explain why it 's so bad, 
  well , to make a profit you need a good service and to keep your customers happy . 
  unless it 's an monopoly , which is what this seems to be, 
  how so ? 
  `` tanked with privatisation '' ? 
  fuck of . 
  competition is the only thing that could make the system better . 
  i 'm glad i got you to realize this . 
  here 's a great website where you can find out about who is paying which lobbyist in the eu https://lobbyfacts.eu/, 
  about regulations and why they 're bad : the majority ( maybe 70-80 % ) of all regulations are made by lobbyists who wants to eliminate competition . 
  let 's say that a large ballon company owns 20 % of all ballon production in the eu . 
  the reason they ca n't get a larger market share is due to small competitors and start up companies that makes these ballons . 
  this large company could spend money on research , marketing or pr to improve it 's sales , but it 's easier to call up some politicians they know and make some rules with them . 
  the only reason they accept this is because they get money and other gifts and offers . 
  they make some rules in how it should be produced , makes it so they need to use some `` environmentally friendly '' aka more expensive plastic , size requirements , distribution laws , special ballon permits and more . 
  this large company has the money , power and the lawyers to bypass and easily abide by these rules . 
  but you know who does n't ? 
  the small ballon companies . 
  these companies either go bankrupt or never get founded in the first place due to the high start-up costs and bureaucracy minefield . 
  now this ballon company has 70 % of the marketshare and official have a corpocracy where the companies make the laws .
