  if anything so petty regarding this great man , he was an american or alien . 
  i 'm not here to put you down , i just want to clear up we are talking about a truly multinational man here that no one can claim as `` their own '' . 
  this guy and his legacy is certainly beyond that , as facts indeed show . 
  complaining ? 
  we 'll fit in perfectly then !, 
  actually it 's a genuine prosciutto , unfortunately or fortunately . 
  we got a bit of an influx of chinese people in recent years , i have yet to see racism . 
  but , who knows . 
  i think religion matters more around here than race . 
  yeah , the inverted l key vs small shit-like key . 
  maybe i 'm too used to it , but i prefer it . 
  thing i would n't trade on our keyboard is big enter key !, 
  most people i 've spoken with do n't care at all ( disappointment with politicians in general ) . 
  i think turnout will be low , but we 'll see how it goes . 
  damn , i thought most were cleared out by now !, 
   yes , experts who work at publicly financed institutes , supported by the state . 
  you know them all ? 
  i do n't . 
  i dont even care about this topic though . 
  i understand your point , i think of it somewhat similarly . 
  however , i am not a linguist nor an expert in similar area . 
  experts from those areas say they are different languages . 
  vazduh , hartija , parce , kasika , hleb ... various examples of words , people i met , didn '' t even know what they meant . 
  while i agree it 's retarded/manipulation , it 's not a single language . 
  grammar is somewhat different , words are definitely different . 
  it is quite similar though . 
  tax stays ( but you do n't pay it twice ) , customs is gone . 
  croatia is like costa rica on that map , i presume because both are regarded as vacation spots . 
  colombia on the other hand ... :d, 
  was n't that like 15 years ago ? 
  i have n't watched it , so i ca n't comment . 
  our humor is rather dry , it would be a safe bet to skip it imo . 
  i 'd recommend smogovci instead . 
  no , you do n't !, 
  i 'm often there and never heard about it , not even as a joke . 
  is this for certain regions of istria only ? 
  croatia with herzegovina . 
  that 's all a joke . 
  if , and that 's a really big if , one would talk about separatism in croatia - that would be istria . 
  even that one is such a long shot to even talk about it that it 's beyond absurd . 
  something based in reality would be ex-krajina from yugoslavian wars , but those people ( responsible for separatism , not all of people ) fled to serbia . 
  all regions of croatia separated in unison from ex-yu , that 's why there is no separatist movements here anymore . 
  speak for yourself !, 
  [ and another ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8ijvvnilkw ) . 
  even the balkans flamewar is tame in youtube comments . 
  what gives ? 
  are you guys even trying ? 
  today border with serbia , tomorrow we go full madagascar . 
  you never go full madagascar . 
  everyone knows that . 
  i like how our prime minister is suddenly , out of nowhere , right-wing oriented . 
  are people really that stupid or what ? 
  and brata means brother . 
   we should be planning invasion in syria and kick isis 's ass while i agree that mild mannerism is irritating in eu politics , i have to ask you . 
  are you willing to go ? 
  do you know what war looks like ? 
  do you know what 's at stake ? 
  maybe they did n't ( later in video he 's looking at cooking oil ) . 
  hence the battle against poor beer can . 
  in croatia it 's also illegal to sell stuff without declarations of ingredients in croatian - at least as a sticker on a package . 
  and that 's how it should be . 
  from my weak knowledge of russian , i think he also ( later on ) complains about foreign labels and especially ingredients list in foreign language - which , if true , he 's right about then . 
  well , at least he 'll pay for it . 
   the eu is , especially comming from a swiss tradition , highly undemocratic and has few effective means for the citizen to impact high level decision making in europe . 
  that 's actually very very true . 
  maybe a more federal approach would solve that , but who knows . 
  as for neutrality , i understand swiss put a lot of emphasis on that , considering it 's a part of your `` brand '' . 
  personally , i do n't see that as a pro or contra point , but then again i 'm not a swiss . 
  thanks for your thoughts . 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  that 's why assad is so controversial even to mention . 
  war in syria is assad 's forces vs fsa which might be a better alternative as a stronghold there then ? 
  because there are also , in the conflict , guys that want to enact sharia law , hezbollah , and isis . 
   many here do n't see as functional construct in what ways ? 
  from an economics viewpoint or something else ? 
  it 's interesting to hear a swiss viewpoint since , in its own special way , switzerland is a mini eu . 
  i talked to some of the historians about this and other things ( i made a few documentaries about it ) . 
  thing with history , as science , is they have to source their information from ( usually ) several written sources . 
  in clandestine operations ( if there are any ) there are no paper trails . 
  so it transfers into mythology and from there on everything 's game . 
  over time those myths become de-facto facts and it 's hard to resolve what is true and what is n't and in these types of situations can be dangerous as well . 
  well , there are different ( heated ) thoughts on this as well . 
  no wonder , hah . 
  common rebuttal to a pre-arrangement is that milosevic started his nationalistic campaign several years before tudjman even came to the picture . 
  wealth comes in different forms . 
  i have no idea what the conspiracy theory targets in this case exactly , but one can presume many different cases . 
  area filled with natural resources , 20 mil . 
  people buying power and/or cheap labour , lots of functioning companies with infrastructure that stop producing during the war and are bought for cheap as a result of that , etc. . 
  here 's a controversial thought - how about assad ? 
  that [ yugoslav wars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_wars ) were pre-arranged and agreed upon behind the curtains , even though there is absolutely no evidence to support that so far . 
  who did the accord falls into several camps , of which most common are : us/eu in order to enslave resulting countries for their wealth , leaders of new countries ( for various purposes , from nationalistic to criminal/privatization motives ) , and i forgot the third one - but there is one . 
  strategically and tactically there are probably no stronghold which to target . 
  there 's no city , fort , country , whatever that you can target with those strikes . 
  you have to have sweeping hunting troops on the ground `` smoking them out '' ( dubya reference ) . 
  realistically , no political will and/or motivation probably . 
  :( and it would be so cool to have ice from munich to salzburg , ljubljana , zagreb and from zagreb to wien . 
  and utopian dream from zagreb to split and dubrovnik . 
  it 's a caldera , close enough !, 
  [ fine ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/ia_santorini-2009-1.jpg ), 
  eu2 : electric uugaloo,
