  good , i understood wrong then , 
  i really have no issues with towels during the day . 
  you come to the beach , spread your towel in a shade , go for a swim , return a bit , walk around a bit , return to the towel , go for a drink or eat something , return ... 
  it 's kind of the norm . 
  have it as a base and you can even re-base when you want shade or sun . 
  no one has issue with that . 
  problem is when you come to the beach in the morning ( if you go in the morning , that 's a whole other issue ) and everything is already full of towels , yet no one is around . 
  that 's infuriating . 
  nothing quite like lying on a towel on a pebble beach or a flat rock surface in a secluded cove ( of which there are many in croatia ) . 
  relaxes both spine and mind . 
  you risk only a fist fight at worst . 
  savage, 
  let me show you the balkans , my friend . 
  wild folks that kill their own friends and hold grudge against turkey for hundreds of years would n't be exactly a pleasant sparring . 
  i thought you were all in ice-cream making business , not mafia ? 
  or is it the same thing ? 
  i agree . 
  that 's not how nato works . 
  if he said what we think he said , that 's auto-out from nato . 
  eu army would be ( is ) a necessity , but it opens a whole new can of worms . 
  european-wide army is a boogeyman to russia , for example , and a whole lot of other countries . 
  it would be perceived as wehrmacht v2 . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  just look at their responses to nato strategic and defensive moves , now imagine that type of response times 100x . 
  why do we care what russia thinks though ? 
  russia keeps china in check . 
  if china grows appetite for taiwan , then it can grow appetite for outer manchuria as well , maybe even more . 
  shit 's cascading all over if nato falls apart , so it would have to become eu armed forces . 
  question is how to dance around it politically . 
  he is big in croatia , and all of former yugoslavia . 
  same as alan ford ( which is even bigger here than in italia i think ) . 
  heck , we even watch don matteo here ( which is great ) . 
  [ it 's exactly how it always works ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=nato+grave+concern ), 
  now we 're talking global cities !, 
  cardiff - new york - paris - tokyo does n't sound quite right though . 
  nato will express grave concern . 
  do n't listen to idiots though . 
  it 's not what people think . 
  not to mention adria name . 
  this sounds jamaican . 
  maybe they do . 
  that accent was hard to comprehend . 
  well , if they are buying them food and accommodation , etc. 
  from whom are they buying it for them ? 
  presumably , germans . 
  does n't have to be that way , but it might be . 
  from that angle , you 're giving money to your own economy in order to rear new workforce . 
  that 's rather cunning and smart , if so . 
  something like a world cup then . 
  england at least . 
  on what exactly are they spending that money ? 
  what defines ` costs related to refugee crisis ' here ? 
  because , it might not be that cool 200 billion is going into refugees pockets and is instead being pumped into german economy supporting refugees ( food , water , accomodation , whatever else ... ) . 
  trying to find a positive narrative to this . 
  there has to be one , right ? 
  unless he is the one compiling that list !, 
  complaining while watching it , of course !, 
  and do they speak spanish or not ? 
  answers , people . 
  answers !, 
  oh , sweet summer child ... 
  works for eurovision , so why not ? 
  at least eurovision !, 
  one does not simply avoid turbofolk in belgrade . 
  maybe he 's just drunk with power !, 
  that 's it . 
  because it 's true !, 
  no if exam is based on standard croatian language ( what people like to call `` knji\u017eevni '' - which is wrong ) . 
  standard croatian language is '' \u0161tokavica '' and `` ijekavica '' . 
  if exam was on dialects ( which also fall into standard language ) in college or something , then yes . 
   it does have some unique derogative expressions though . 
  i wish i knew hungarian . 
  apparently , they are the only other contender to the swear words throne . 
  some croatians say mleko as well . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  i 'm just saying it 's a difficult thing to do , maybe even impossible , for people that lost someone during the fightings . 
  that goes for all sides in the conflict . 
  i do n't know , dude . 
  i do n't think of ww2 much . 
  i was n't around . 
  i do remember when i was 11 year old and in shelter due to serbian airplanes and shellings . 
  in my house , in croatia . 
  not on the frontline , not in serbia . 
  i remember when my mother , who was at the time in sarajevo , was wounded . 
  i was around that . 
  i still am . 
  so were people that did that . 
  they still are . 
  i do n't think of it much these days either . 
  we should all move forward and cooperate and co-exist . 
  i actively work on that with partners and friends from all former republics . 
  however , someone that was around at the time , and still is , who lost someone will probably hold a grudge for his/hers whole life . 
  that wo n't change . 
  it 's a process that will take a long time to mend the wounds , and it started ~ 5th of october 2000 and will continue for a long time . 
  it 's easy ( easier ) for us who have n't been affected much , but people that lost a lot will have to be supplanted by newer generations . 
  it 's even a friendly warfare every now and then !, 
  this kills the confederation !, 
  depends , how is trieste these days ? 
  neighbours , send some over . 
  i 'm getting tired of this early spring-type winter !,
