  only about 8 years or so earlier , i was a young lad in zagreb , croatia . 
  there i was in the kitchen with my younger brother and sister , mom and dad . 
  suddenly , there was this eerie howling . 
  i saw , for the first time ever , a scared look on both of my parents faces . 
  they talked among themselves . 
  my mom asked ` what is this ? ', 
  and my dad said that it must be a general attack alert siren . . or air attack . 
  nobody knew , but we knew we had to go to a safe place , like a basement . 
  we all hurried up to the basement of my neighbour 's house ( it was the safest of all around us ) and we were all there . 
  i ran from the basement back to my house , and dad ran after me - shouting that i should go back . 
  but , i figured if they are ought to attack our house ( or whatever ) i should bring my nintendo entertainment system to the basement with me . 
  i begged hard and long for it and would have none of that bullshit bombing or whatever destroy all of that effort . 
  nes was with me through the night in the basement . 
  i still get goosebumps when i hear sirens . 
  those eerie ones on tornado videos sound just like that . 
  also , every first saturday of each month we get to hear them as they keep the system up and running for some reason ( probably an eu directive ) . 
  completely safe . 
  a lot safer than most big cities in europe , which are ( mostly ) safe . 
  yeah , but nk also has 1000 volvos . 
   tell me who were the last to invade switzerland and to defeat the swiss ? 
  hmmmm ... 
  the cheese eating surrender monkeys \\ o / was n't that mostly a walk-in without much resistance ? 
  give it some time and add a bit of fuel with an agent provocateur or two and you get that . 
   and vienna ? 
  what , where when ? 
  same here . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  there 's also a special treaty between b&h and croatia which allows for free transit of good to and from ploce making ploce de facto bosnia 's port of choice for freight . 
  polka intensifies . 
  judging by the food , serbia is already a decent country !, 
  even if serbia does n't join , going through chapters can help ( them ) . 
  i 'm still not sure if eu is the right way of going forward for anyone , but it kind of seems natural for larger scale geopolitical integrations . 
  username is even better !, 
  maybe it 's this cow : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/au%c3%b0umbla, 
  not really anymore , with exile and all . 
  it 's a 600 year old ( and lasting ) grudge . 
  apparently ratatouille 2 is all about cheese . 
  i know gothenburg for its university . 
  what happened ? 
  after returning from a half a year in asia i 've noticed how everyone here eats bread all the time ( on the go as well ) with everything . 
  that and coffee ( savage asians !, 
  y u no coffee ? 
  another picture of her : http://static.hr.n1info.com/picture/40812/jpeg/1.jpg she also started seriously talking about chemtrails ... 
   i wonder why croats or serbs have n't teamed up on albania yet uh . 
  things are more complex than what they appear at first sight . 
  modern day albania is a friend an an ally to croatia as is serbia . 
  something completely necessary and desirable for peace and prosperity in the region . 
  religion does n't make much of a difference in the balkans since islam in bosnia and herzegovina and ( a bit to a lesser extent ) in albania are nowhere near islam as seen in the middle east . 
  there were ( are ) attempts to import ( or rather export from saudi arabia ) of more radical versions , but those cases are isolated and shunned by local communities . 
  it is a rather complex topic to discuss via limited means such as reddit , but the gist of it that , contrary to popular belief , modern day countries in the region are partners and allies that are working towards long-term peace and stabilization . 
  albania was never a part of the inner circle of frenemies and was even considered a potential threat during yugoslavia years . 
  modern day geopolitics and economy dictate that we should work all together in order to better ourselves in more way than one . 
  having said that , albania has always been more inclined towards italy and closely tied with their economy , either through import/export or through migration . 
   no one rebuilt shit for anyone that 's not entirely true . 
  croatia rebuilt ~ 120.000 properties ( http://www.unhcr.org/433bded34.pdf page 18 . for example , but whole document is interesting , albeit a bit old info ) and is continuing to do so ( both croatian and serb properties - no difference/discrimination ) . 
  bosnia ( all three parts ) did some as well , with foreign help . 
  serbia has n't to this day , but that option is still open . 
  dayton , sarajevo 3x3 initiative , esi ... numerous efforts political and economical went underway to rebuild properties and have people come back where they were before ( if they choose to come back ) . 
  problem was that ~ 2.5 million people were displaced . 
  that 's not something you get to restore in a few years , or even decades without political goodwill and substantial economical resources . 
  there are no excuses for behavior like that . 
  zero . 
  none . 
  i have to agree with you on this . 
  as far as the outcome goes . 
  i do n't see any other possible outcome . 
  bullied around by an aggressive minority , being constantly bombarded by ` oh how bad you are , look at what you did ( nazis ) ' . . been cultured into having no national pride other nations have , having a bit lost their sense of self . 
  left only with anecdotal ` precise ' and ` hard-working ' germans . 
  having a culture that is invasive , ca n't be integrated , is aggressive ... 
  i see your point . 
  what is the alternative though ? 
  poke at the chained bear and what will you get ? 
  it 's because of the food , right ? 
  he 's not wrong either . 
  i 'm just not sure if it 's deliberate or not . 
  relevant username !, 
  i 'm croatian and can understand most of all of you ( with years of practice ) . 
  however , even if my life depends on it i could n't pronounce written polish or write it down . 
  it 's impossible . 
  it 's gibberish , random letters and you know it . 
  it 's a joke you play on the foreigners . 
  you must have some other form of written language that you use internally . 
  i doubt anyone thinks that you are !, 
  just not good enough for him , eh ? 
  [ no homo in russia !, 
  not much else going on though , so there 's that !, 
   i guess these strange romans back in the day did n't care how you called yourself and just invented something they liked . 
  am i close ? 
  that would be surprising since slavic tribes that eventually made these countries settled around 7th century . 
  2 centuries after romans . 
  first written mention of either name was in 9th century , so who knows . 
  there are several theories though . 
  i have no idea by which criteria gibonni made it for croatia ? 
  at least dj bobo made it , hah . 
  oh , triggered with kusturica !, 
  but , yeah . 
  it 's a nice documentary , albeit a bit censored . 
  meh , we ought to stream one from the balkans . 
  it would have to be hosted by liveleaks though . 
  and malta .
