  how did i not save kate ?!, 
  what did i do wrong ?!, 
  was i supposed to have her wait for more proof ?!?!? 
  this does n't help at all . 
  who is it exactly ? 
  hahahah , nice city !, 
  i do n't believe you that it 's your first though !, 
  / u/trollabot 47l45, 
  / u/trollabot 47l45, 
  what is this from ? 
  nice , ty for the sub too . 
  no , please do n't do that . 
  you need to get your factories to level 3 . 
  at level 3 , they accept highly educated cims . 
  you basically need to cater to their every need to get them to level 3 ( so i 've experienced ) and once they do , everything 's fine . 
  i can post pictures if you want but please do n't keep your cims uneducated . 
  that 's also another factor as to why some buildings wo n't level up . 
  the more educated you have , the more able your buildings will level up . 
  oooooooooo , yeah , that 'd do it . 
  well damn , best of luck !, 
  looks better than anything i could make hahahah , great work !, 
  awesome , looks great . 
  come back and tell us what you think !, 
  if you played the first bioshock somewhat recently and it 's still fresh in your mind , then god damn man it 's gon na be one fucking ride of emotions . 
  her name is esther mailer . 
  she was a devoted , high-ranking policewoman who served comstock and was ( i think personally ) tasked with locating the duo and getting the false sheppard away from elizabeth . 
  while it may seem like there 's a connection , it was mere coincidence . 
  also , she did not call her anna , she called her annabelle which was also her mothers name . 
  she called her that just so elizabeth would correct her and confirm it was her . 
  i do n't know where you can officially buy the soundtrack , but you could use youtube to mp3 and get all the tracks . 
  from rage to sobbing . 
  outstanding story . 
  i 'd wait for another opinion as i 'm only a novice but from what i 've gathered , this game is very cpu intensive instead of graphics card intensive . 
  you 're graphics card is pretty decent , i 'm running a 970 myself to give you some perspective . 
  do you know what gen your processor is ? 
  regardless , it should be fine . 
  i have an i5-4460 @ 3.20 ghz . 
  i 'm at a population of 185k right now and when i zoom in ( and i mean as close as i can get ) , my fps drops to about 40-50 . 
  sometimes lower if i 'm over my industrial zones . 
  other than that , i 'm at a constant 60 when i 'm zoomed out . 
  5.8 m , 185k, 
  yeah man , should be fine . 
  the game is n't something like crysis , lol . 
  what 's its clock speed ? 
  lmao, 
  ahhh , awesome . 
  thanks !, 
  you could definitely use a controller like others have said . 
  try not to use your plasmids as much . 
  i used the bee one and the electricity one only and alwaaayssss used my shotgun . 
  was a good breeze . 
  there 's actually a part in the game where it makes you use the skyhook , like a basic tutorial . 
  they would n't let you use it before that . 
  awesome !, 
  the amateur style of it makes it look great . 
  :( thanks !, 
  * shudder *, 
  looks awesome . 
  i love the fact that its been years since the games release and people still make this art . 
  unless this is an older piece of art ... hahah, 
  are you playing on pc ? 
  have n't been on bioshock 1 in forever , but does it load from an autosave , or a personal save ? 
  just playing devils advocate but if you 're sworn to tell the truth , and they ask you `` well , were you driving it ? 
  '' , are n't you supposed to say yes ? 
  did n't even think of that , thanks . 
  i 'm going to assume so . 
  i figure he 'd be having a lot of `` not enough goods to sell '' messages because i do n't see any industry and if he only used offices , his population would cause the goods problem since offices do n't produce goods at all . 
  the only solution is importing but i do n't think you can import at a rate sufficiently enough for that population . 
  again , just assuming . 
  this fucking game . 
  god damn . 
  holy shit , that first game composition was honestly terrible ... 
  this is awesome !, 
  did you make it ? 
  oh my god , i 'm retarded ... 
  thanks !, 
  thanks for the first one . 
  for the second one , i was using -32 t ^ 2 , why would it be -16 ? 
  agreed , 4 days tops , but other than that , definitely less than 2 days i 'd say . 
  what is the name of that meme in the middle ? 
  ca n't think of it for the life of me . 
  thanks . 
  lol, 
  any mods ? 
  is this thousand needles ? 
  here we go boys, 
  definitely an 8/10 . 
  like the top dude said , a good looking pirate . 
  sites down, 
  definitely get started on burial at sea !, 
  if you played the other two bioshock , you will be in love with burial at sea . 
  pretty sure that was point prometheus . 
  thanks . 
  definitely gon na rewatch them . 
  love earl but man , i just do n't think this is good . 
  agreed , not near possible . 
  not too much anymore . 
   lastly , a large number of ... 
   lastly , it saddens me that ... 
  make up your mind yo,
