  would you recommend a 1440p with a 970 ? 
  what monitor did you get !, 
  i 've had the game open for about 6 hours , would that cause it ? 
  like , i 've been through this area before . 
  i 'm going back to it and it 's this time around that it 's being caused . 
  hey there , in the beginning you say `` this effect can be seen in the intro , as the bird-shaped thing in the air . '', 
  that is n't a bird , that 's a halo/ring around the city . 
  it looks like a bird if your mind is set in 2d , but you have to take into account the colors of shade and it technically being 3d . 
  i 'm having trouble with your last four paragraphs as it seems like there 's contradictions . 
  so you say :, 
  the jackal is the drifters consciousness . 
  the cell is an ai . 
  the black creature is the cell . 
  so is the black thing a physical manifestation ? 
  because the jackal is definitely a physical creature , not a consciousness . 
  i agree you 're on the right track somewhere though with the action of the drifter having his sword in the cell moments after the screen returns to normal after stabbing the black creature . 
  i 'm still trying to get a grip on this story and i like yours the most . 
  i agree with you the most but feel like this thread and the other really big thread were just off a bit . 
  shit , good point ... okay 2 more questions . 
  so what are your thoughts on the intro where the dog and the drifter are in front of the huge tower that comes out from the water ? 
  & if the black creature is a physical creature then what about where you say :, 
  `` and when you win , you see drifter slashing the black creature . 
  then the screen flickers again , and next you see drifter actually slashed the diamond . '', 
  it seems like you 're saying the black thing is in his mind too . 
  i feel like the black thing is a physical being , but that ending did make me question it . 
  hahahah reminds me of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnom9pb9me0, 
  there 's pros and cons to that kind of ending . 
  i 'm in the middle about it . 
  remember the source at all ? 
  damn man , you really convinced me to make the canon in my head as the canon i 'll interpret it as . 
  thank you !, 
  oh damn , thanks for the info !, 
  gon na go back at it when i get home . 
  i turned all sounds off so i could hear the beat in my head clearly hahha, 
  man , i know that pain . 
  not sure about your post question but for your p.s. 
  questions , do you mean the agility course ? 
  & to change clothes , use the computers above the bed you woke up in towards the beginning of the game . 
  as far as i know , that room is only for the dash challenge . 
  at 800 consecutive dashes , you 're rewarded . 
  the games , besides infinite , have a good amount of creepy moments . 
  there 's a few moments i can think of off the top of my head that were fucking creepy and specifically one jump scare . 
  there may actually only be one jump scare in the games , and it fucked me hard . 
  there 's one in the infinite dlc but depends if you buy it or not . 
  god dammit . 
  i 've got ta spill here . 
  this is the first game that i 've gotten that i was hopeful to unravel the plot . 
  a small community and an ambiguous plot gave me hope that i could be one of those people that really lay down concrete evidence as to explain a complicated story . 
  but you 've done that so well , dammit . 
  the two theories that have been posted already by theorin ( i think that 's his name ) and the other guy with a long explanation ( on mobile and ca n't remember his name ) had a few holes and ambiguities that just did n't resonate with me . 
  i just could n't hop on their wagons because there were things missing or things that were truly assumptions no matter how they explained themselves . 
  i 've only watched this video one time through and every single doubt , assumption , and personal head-canon i 've had has been answered . 
  thank you for providing me a conclusion to this great story . 
  i wish i could 've been one of those people to solidify an explanation but i just did n't have enough in-game knowledge or the ability to piece it all together . 
  thanks for such an explanation . 
  & i do know you !, 
  you 've responded to me before !, 
  haha sorry i forgot . 
  & thanks for the info !, 
  as much as i like what i had in my head before , i really like this video . 
  i rewatched it though and did have recurring doubt 's about the origin of the titans . 
  man , i have n't bothered to use the forums for information so thanks for the info . 
  the titans are the one thing that i am obsessing over . 
  i feel like a lot of the theories all have the game down pretty well but i just ca n't find anything , even my own head-canon , to satisfy the origins of the titans . 
  & btw , thanks for being so active on this sub !, 
  i see your name a lot and enjoy the comments . 
  i do n't know man ... 
  i have two theories about the drifters . 
  one being that they 're their own race , either the same as the librarians or not . 
  the second being that they were made in the labs to the south because there 's 1 or 2 models that are in the tanks that look like drifters , solely due to their skin . 
  i also feel like the mini bosses in the south are also somehow related to the drifters . 
  what do you think ? 
  what makes you think she 's different in origin from the drifter we play as ? 
  i 've been wondering that too . 
  makes you wonder if the titans were bilogical to the point where they could feel . 
  besides having a blown out torso , he does n't seem to have taken much damage from what we see . 
  makes me think he froze to death trying to get to the top of the mountain , idk . 
  pretty sure there 's only 4 . 
  the north one is on the mountain , east one is drowned/stuck in the water , south one has it 's heart ripped out , and the west one is bare bones throughout the map . 
  where are the other 2 ? 
  the only true reasonable theory . 
  oh damn , missed those . 
  i 'm saying that it makes you wonder if they were alive . 
  i rotated the codex so it 's easier to visualize . 
  you can tell the letter at the top is definitely s , the middle one is the only `` u '' shaped letter with the opening facing west so it has to be p , but i ca n't tell the one on the bottom for the life of me . 
  damn :|, 
  even though the p is missing the bump , it 's very skewed and i still think it 's a p so i definitely think s and p !, 
  i 'm struggling to see the y but damn , i hope you 're right . 
  he died in a traffic accident some years back . 
  it 's battlecry . 
  somewhat speaking out of my ass here but since cryengine has been out for some time and has been shown to be visually great and excellently optimized , it 's a good engine to test graphic benchmarks on . 
  an engine made more recently without much testing but with the same graphic fidelity may be better on some cards than others , therefore not very reliable . 
  i know very , very little about the technicalities of game engines , but that 's how i think his statement is meant to be interpreted . 
  changing the difficulty is not that same as adding content . 
  if you 're 13/13 normal , or even lfr , then you 've seen all the raid content . 
  putting your big boy pants on to do mythic does n't change the content . 
  if you ca n't wrap your head around any of this and think its bad game design , do n't play dark souls . 
  can not wait . 
  so excited to play this game with a friend of mine after obsessing over this story !, 
  glad you like it man , i really fucking enjoyed it when i first heard it in a csgo montage and knew i needed to post it haha,
