  lmao, 
  needs more downvotes , guys , raise awareness !, 
  the skin is still subject to change so with strong feedback we can probably keep this if the majority agrees . 
  this is cool af, 
  it feels so good to see a nautilus be useless . 
  god , i wish they 'd play more trundle or a champion like darius to counter these front line monster tanks . 
  all good points . 
  i get how important a tank is but i still just get so bored seeing monster tanks top lane have a wet noodle fight . 
  how can you tell ? 
  glad you 're enjoying the game , i love it though i have n't been able to play in a long time . 
  check out stellaris for a little change in pace in strategy games !, 
  omg , i have n't played in so long . 
  i completely forgot about the icons in the corner . 
  an i5 with the 1070 would be better . 
  i have an i5-4460 with a gtx 970 running games on near ultra at 2k , 60fps . 
  every single game i have i put everything on ultra but turn the anti-aliasing down as it takes a huge hit in fps . 
  do you have another headset or a pair of headphones you could plug in to see if it 's your headset or the input ? 
  does it turn on at all ? 
  like turn on for 2 seconds or so then turn off ? 
  lmffaoooo, 
  you need to chill . 
  that fast bass pedal is subconsciously fucking with my heartbeat, 
  this has been on the front page for a while now , posted 22 hours ago . 
  so use trinket ? 
  just switch the key bindings . 
  i do n't think this qualifies as `` lo-fi '', 
  why does no one here like 3d , i love it, 
  i really hope that was a funny skit and not his actual millennium falcon :( ( ( (, 
  to be * more * precise , socialism is socialism . 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted . 
  there 's a new apartment complex my girlfriend moved into in north canton on arlington that 's about $ 480 a month for two people . 
  this is [ georgia ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=georgia+tourism&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbs=simg:caqskwejcotos5fn9xeahwelekju2aqaaawlelcmpwgaygpgcamskioe_1rwnhtau_1hx8fc8vjb7rfnwuydjjoom-zzirkso4xzikkqoq5d4amjnol8n294tewqoom4nvjxobzwavq_1b2ab4dzuvwzbxbvygkeoq1ah0sbcds2quaiyaedasqjq7-cbokcggiariez4fndgw&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewigucqu0b_sahug2imkhsa9cssq2a4igigb&amp;biw=2048&amp;bih=1067 ) , my google search, 
  that was adorable, 
  do you really have 730 points ? 
  oh man , thanks for the advice !, 
  i did just that . 
  there ya go buddy, 
  is yhorm 's great machete considered a curved greatsword ? 
  or greataxe ? 
  i love using it on my sl155 , 56 str character . 
  should i use a different weapon now ? 
  can someone explain , from / r/all ? 
  i used to play wow but not hearthstone . 
  if the chroma is * of * the skin . 
  but there 's like 10 of those winged creatures on the last page . 
  oh fuck , im retarded . 
  you 're right lol . 
  wtf is that garbage text holy shit, 
  wait what , where did i miss that, 
  so who is forsen ? 
  why do n't you place down hydra 's when you 're out of archon form ? 
  while i agree on the first part , use right click to zoom out . 
  same, 
  what is your flair ? 
  it 's called absurdist humor . 
  dont take him seriously . 
  looking back at this , i thought we were talking about filthy frank . 
  my bad man . 
  are you talking about the giant black spot at the 7 o'clock position ? 
  that 's the shadow of saturn falling on its rings . 
  i 'm kind of hard at reading but i think he said he was an editor . 
  that is the exact opposite . 
  the guy only has 2 videos longer than 1 minute while the other * 393 * videos average 10 seconds . 
  ur gay, 
  ayyy , that song 's from gears of war lmao . 
  wait what . 
  why ? 
  yo this is dope, 
   less decision making ( rare situations where pushing the lane is better than getting objectives ) , you just have the timers and you mostly follow them . 
  there 's times where you should absolutely not go for the objective and just push a lane , soak , or base race . 
  similar to league but without the soaking part . 
  there 's also jungle timers . 
  you follow them in league ; baron , dragon , blue buff , red buff . 
  smaller camps too if you want to be a higher level player . 
   you soak xp just by `` being near waves '' , so you do n't need to risk anything to `` last hit that cannon '' . 
  you risk the base that you 're hiding behind . 
  obviously if you ca n't help , ask for a gank or some help . 
  there 's a lot of xp to be down by if you 're losing forts and the enemy is n't . 
   you have less decision making than in lol and when it comes to fights , mechanically it 's not anything special either . 
  ... how is it any different than league ? 
   but stop trying to make hots look harder than it is . 
  it 's harder than you think it is . 
  i 'm out of work in 8 minutes but can come back to talk about the harder points in the game if you want . 
  i 'm not saying hots is harder than league . 
  i 'm not saying league is harder than hots . 
  what i 'm trying to get across is that it 's not as easy as some people think it is , though it does not have as steep a learning curve to new players as league does , in my opinion . 
  and for reference , i used to play a lot of league until about this past february . 
  edit : i love league , dont get me wrong . 
  i love both games , just hate to hear that hots is so much easier than league and would love to have some discussion on it . 
  griffith did nothing wrong . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ love ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ guts, 
  holy shit, 
  i completely shut it down . 
  even if i leave for an hour i shut it down . 
  i have an ssd so the boot time is fast enough that i do n't mind . 
  nahh , no animals hahah . 
  did n't think of that , thanks . 
  hahahah , it 's funny you say that . 
  we have parties every friday and sometimes on saturdays and i used to think that the shaking of people ( older campus house ) would move my mouse a bit but i do n't put my computer on sleep haha . 
  is . . is that a real option ?
