  what 's all taught in polish history classes ? 
  like in elementary , middle , and high school ? 
  ( i 'm assuming it 's called primary and secondary school ? 
  idk . ), 
  like , in america we 're taught about all the native tribes , a lot about the war of independence , the civil war , etc. , etc. . 
  no ... the majority does not play ranked . 
  damn , i enjoy him . 
  i think it works well with the scenes but i think you need more animation . 
  have you ever heard of helm by chance ? 
  yeah , he 's actually done a berserk one . 
  give me a second . 
  one punch man, 
  one punch man, 
  ghost in the shell, 
  my bad , he does n't have a berserk one . 
  i thought he did but the video i watched was n't by helm . 
  well , the story is pretty vague . 
  there is n't really any solid evidence anyone can give you on the overall story , though some of it is hard evidence . 
  as for the gameplay , you must buy upgrades with `` bits '' , little yellow squares that you find inside boxes . 
  these are sometimes out in the open and also sometimes very well hidden . 
  as for where to go , it 's up to you . 
  you ca n't go south though , need to beat the other three areas first . 
   ... and i do n't know what i am meant to do overall in the game . 
  i do n't think anyone ever does their first time ` round . 
  the story and the game mechanics are all learnt through experimentation and experience . 
  yeah , you ended up missing a lotttttt of details that form the whole story . 
  you 'll never get the whole experience unless you read it . 
  is it out for google play music ? 
  back when i was younger , i didnt have a card to use so i would buy steam wallet gift cards from gamespot . 
  was pretty nice . 
  so do we know for a fact that the episode will actually be streamed on adult swims website ? 
  the whole time . 
  yes , it 's in bytes . 
  the client is kb/s and i know from steam that i download at 8 + mb/s . 
  i have a 65 mb/s plan which is a little over 8mb/s . 
  did n't they remove those in the new client ? 
  where can i find them ? 
  depends on the teacher . 
  as a freshman , not that bad . 
  be very , very prepared to be swamped with homework . 
  you may have a quiz by friday in one or two of your classes . 
  if you 're having trouble focusing , go find a real nice place on campus to study and do homework . 
  that 's always my go-to plan . 
  make a fuck load of friends . 
  idk your personality but without a doubt , make loads of friends . 
  good chance that you 'll click with one other person or maybe two who you 'll always want to hang out with when you 're bored . 
  i 'm a 5th year senior and living in a house with 4 of the friends i made when i dormed as a freshman . 
  is there anything that chases you and tries to kill you or are there just jump scares ? 
  i do n't mind the latter but the former just is n't fun for me . 
  so there 's nothing that chases you and tries to kill you ? 
  if so , then is it just jump scares ? 
  i 'm okay with jump scares but running away from things with nothing to do but hide is n't my kind of horror game . 
  that 's awesome !!!!, 
  garen 's my favorite champ . 
  great cosplay man , looks like a lot of hard work . 
  after watching the behind the scenes of the most recent episode , jojen was definitely talking about jon with the wildlings . 
  i agree with what the other person said though about it being unintentional foreshadowing . 
  neat little find . 
  how are they boring, 
  what movie is that ?? 
  edit : my cousin vinny , found it, 
  wow , thanks . 
  11 seasons in and i never realized helms could roll crit chance ... 
  should i go for focus/restraint or compass/travelers ? 
  it does n't seem like compass/travelers is that good of a combo ... 
  i have to have two unity 's , right ? 
  one for me and my follower ? 
  thanks for the info !, 
  why would n't i use a diamond in my helm btw ? 
  is n't that standard ? 
  pmed, 
   players can exchange blood shards with this vendor for bags containing legendary items, 
  why is no one talking about dank meme man ?? 
  thank you !!, 
  is this in the manga ? 
  i do n't remember seeing that connection . 
  youre totally right , just looked it up, 
  thanks !, 
  not the same . 
  i love the english voice actors . 
  why are you selling ? 
  yes , lose weight . 
  & lose the filters . 
  [ absolute ] ( https://i.redd.it/zlganyqrf70z.gif ) [ dogshit ] ( https://66.media.tumblr.com/1c86e02716e172f4fcc3e84d6ce98aac/tumblr_ocannuhg4d1tp2i22o1_500.gif ) [ animation . 
  there 's more examples online but be cautious of spoilers . 
  it 's just * really * badly done . 
  you can repost your question a thousand times and everyone here will tell you to avoid the new berserk 2016 and berserk 2017 . 
  watch the 1997 version then read the manga . 
  i 'm saying `` then read the manga '' because you 're going to finish the show and come back asking where to read the manga . 
  time and time again there 's posts here of people reacting to the ending of the show and asking where they can consume more of berserks story . 
  it happened to me and it happens to * nearly * everyone . 
  i 've always said i 'd never read a manga because that 's dumb as hell and not for me . 
  berserk is the only exception and probably always will be . 
  that was really good, 
  so i 've heard that `` the devil inside '' was absolutely terrible from different sources . 
  i 've read multiple plot synopsis ' and read that the ending was terrible . 
  can someone please explain what happens , say ... the last 30 minutes ? 
  me and a few friends are discussing the scariest movies we 've ever seen . 
  what 's yours ? 
  i 've never listened to much screamo untill i listened to some hawthorne heights .
