  i 'm willing to wipe everything i have to put my 10 on my ssd . 
  how would i go about doing so ? 
  i have n't installed it yet but i have 7 on my hdd and would like 10 on my ssd . 
  i 'm pretty good with how it is . 
  i love the new hud , do n't know why others did n't give it a chance . 
  thank you very much for the colored stat indicators and cs/kda/etc back at the top . 
  that 's actually really nice up there . 
  i think you guys have everything in a good place right now . 
  why do n't you use a hotkey ? 
  your mom is nuts , do n't do it . 
  lookin pretty fly dude . 
  i would n't say you have a manly face , but a somewhat wider one . 
  lmfao that camera angle, 
  kinda got an hourglass shape goin on with yo dome . 
  not ugly though . 
  not ugly but never duck face again, 
  nope, 
  her face is pretty filled out . 
  not ugly . 
  maybe grow your hair out . 
  you look like a guy named krepo from the league of legends scene . 
  check out his instagram , get some ideas . 
  do something with the hair . 
  thought it was awesome . 
  i love the look into old rapture . 
  could you please explain why you guys want to rework garen ? 
  i do n't see a problem with him ... 
  got ta atleast play the first one before infinite . 
  you do n't * have * to play bioshock 2 but i 'd recommend it , good game . 
  no , i just put it on my ssd and made it my boot drive . 
  i had nothing to back up , i just put windows 10 on an ssd and made my computer boot from there . 
  there was nothing on my ssd . 
  old windows 7 is on my hdd . 
  they have a block option for a reason . 
  my boyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, 
  do n't you dare call yourself a garen main with no garen flair . 
  dammnnnnnn , i got ya . 
  on the sidebar to the right underneath the subscriber counter you should see your username and flair . 
  click flair and you can pick it . 
  fuck you on your sandbox `` reasoning '' riot . 
  seriously . 
  fuck you . 
  well shhhiiiieeettt , it did n't do the `` this has been posted before '' thing . 
  all good yo . 
  i 'm a big fan of bl2 . 
  more so than tps . 
  i 'm down to play either . 
  i 'm on the east coast , steam is 47l45 . 
  he pms you . 
  it sends a pm . 
  its still there . 
  not sure where you 're looking . 
  click all at the top of your screen and sort by all time . 
  it is what ya make it, 
  running an i5 and a 970 , i 'd love to test . 
  too much gta !, 
  i. . . i do n't get it ... 
  this is hilarious, 
  he is hundreds of feet tall . 
  12:30 am here, 
  do you know if that 's possible on res ? 
  both of you are n't wrong . 
  you also get dianas shield . 
  you do n't have to do anything unless you want a second shield . 
  keep it up man , silver 1 here . 
  ca n't get to my gold promos . 
  it 's gon na feel awesome when you hit silver . 
  lmao that title . 
  mobile link, 
  uakron ? 
  try that op ^ ^ ^ . 
  also check to see if there 's any unnecessary programs opening on start up . 
  2789 , thanks !, 
  you 'd say jack had personality ? 
  lmao , i 'm so tired man i did n't feel like checking, 
  what 's the song at the very beginning of this video ? 
  first like 10 seconds . 
  i forget which game it came from . 
  upvotes for all ty ty, 
  god damn these blizz cinematic on fleek, 
  `` if you 're gon na it a wall - hit it hard . '', 
  follow rule 1 yo . 
  literally took me 20 seconds . 
  no one really knows though . 
  first link says there 's nothing in the patch notes about it but there 's some code for an invasion update . 
  some think it 's just hype for the return of the x-files but the invasion update is more likely . 
  i plan on buying a second monitor ( 1080p ) for gaming . 
  more so actually as a tv screen i guess . 
  i play a lot of diablo and lol , so i 'd like a movie or a twitch stream going on as i play . 
  maybe i 'll play some games with dual monitor but my question is will my gpu handle it ? 
  damn son . 
  well hopefully the links help !, 
  happens to me as well . 
  that 's the first episode if you ca n't find it on adult swim . 
  the site i linked has all the episodes , catalog on the right side . 
  i do n't think emergency personnel can change street lights at whim . 
  alright , but how long has this been his norm second item ? 
  i remember for months when he came out that it was bf second . 
  what made this change ? 
  i actually do n't know if this is what you 're looking for but i had it saved on my account,
