  3 chairs in a `` t '' formation . 
  i do n't have a bench and i read it was a good way to workout my chest . 
  disregard that though . 
  when i do my push-ups , my back is somewhat `` inverted '' . 
  bottom line , i do n't keep it as straight as i should but i do n't bend it to the point where it 's like `` omfg , dafuq are you doing ? '', 
  it 's honestly only slightly bent in . 
  well since i 've really started this workout ( about 3 weeks ago ) , i 've been feeling a little strain like you do when you deadlift without using a belt or some other support . 
  it has n't really gone away at all . 
  will this go away ? 
  am i underestimating it ? 
  will it evolve into something a little more serious ? 
  do you have any other body weight chest workout recommendations ? 
  i was positive it was in / bestof but i may be mistaken . 
  excuse me if i spelled that second name wrong . 
  anyway , i 've been seeing these some pretty serious things about `` gawker '' and `` violentacrez '' . 
  what was the conflict ? 
  are they both reddit users ? 
  explain like i 'm five , please . 
  so tl ; dr i 'm writing about why the stormcloaks are better than the empire and a fellow classmate is doing the opposite . 
  i do n't know entire statistics or the lore of skyrim , but i 'd apreciate some help in this essay . 
  so explain to me in your best words , why the stormcloak 's are better and why they do n't need the empire . 
  title says it all . 
  i remember the athlete did some training indoors by doing some sprints . 
  i even distinctly remember him doing an exercise where he had two dumbbells in his hands and he did a push up with them , then lifted one in the air , then did a push up , etc , etc. 
  looks pretty badass . 
  just want to get some opinions . 
  i just need to express how happy i am with a 25 . 
  not really a rant . 
  just really fucking happy . 
  i 'm not by a computer right now but from what i recall , the romans fell around 400/450 b.c. . christianity was , from what i remember , one of or thee major cause of its fall . 
  i may be wrong with what i remember . 
  all of it . 
  but all in all , what if they never fell ? 
  i want this exact tattoo but i need to know the font so i can get it remade and re-sized for myself . 
  i do n't give a fuck about karma . 
  just want to contribute . 
  thinking ahead of what i might need in college . 
  i saw in a brochure of the college i 'm attending , a dorm in which two kids tied a hammock to their raised beds . 
  i was visiting the college today and met up with some friends that already go there after the visit . 
  got some ideas . 
  i only know some inside jokes , and enough about computers to even understand the jist of what you 're all saying . 
  i still laugh because i guess or use context clues to finish the joke in my head . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm avid player . 
  a level 50 siren and 35 mechromancer . 
  i do n't understand how an increase will ruin the game . 
  i 'm fairly excited . 
  not being a dick , just confused . 
  are you upset that you wasted time getting legendaries , or what ? 
  i * seriously * have no clue . 
  i have n't used it at all . 
  balance is $ 50 . 
  i had another one that i used up through online purchases and it worked fine . 
  golfwang.com seems to be the only site to not let me use it . 
  any help ? 
  i do n't want the digital album , i want the physical copy . 
  i 'm not good with coming up good counter-arguments . 
  is there any links or counter-arguments that you guys have that could help me out ? 
  technically , i * am * breaking submission rules but i thought it was interesting enough to share ... 
  i 'm going to start 1999 mode tomorrow afternoon and i 'd like to be prepared for the onslaught . 
  i have the official strategy guide , but i 'd still like some more tips from those that have played it . 
  i 've beat the game on 4 times . 
  twice on my mechromancer and twice on my siren . 
  i bought the season pass and i 've beaten all the dlc . 
  i hear the level cap was increased to 61 ( ? ), 
  and there 's been new powers added . 
  besides the new powers and level cap , which i 'm sure not everyone has achieved yet , what makes you keep playing ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i fucking love boderlands 1 and 2 . 
  i loved the stories , all the background stories , the easter eggs , all of it . 
  but i always see posts about people that still play for hours on end . 
  seriously . 
  after i hit 50 on my mechro and used all my golden keys up , i had no fucking clue what else to do . 
  play the campaign through again on a new char ? 
  i understand you play the game in a different way , but come on , really . 
  what makes you keep playing ? 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but it 's all about what this subreddit posts , but it 's more populated . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm subbed to both , but i feel like maybe some of you are missing out . 
  i 'm 5 pages into this book , and all i 'm reading is the lutece twins . 
  it was recommended about a month ago to read this book if you loved the lutece twins . 
  it follows two men ( from shakespeare 's hamlet ) that talk about the philosophy of probability , and alternate realities . 
  excuse the purple mark in the pictures , i shined a super laser pointer into the lens of my camera a year ago and fucked it up . 
  do n't shine lasers into things with lens ' . 
  [ how thick it is ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kwywkts.jpg ), 
  i 'm using the mania tree right now and it 's okay . 
  i was in a group 2 days ago with a lvl 55 krieg that was fully decked in the hellborn tree and he was kicking ass . 
  yes , he was level 55 , 2 days ago . 
  anyway , can you explain the hellborn tree ? 
  like , generally speaking , just exactly how do i `` play '' that tree ? 
  what kind of shield do i need ? 
  do i only use fire weapons ? 
  other than that advice , can you explain the same thing for the mania tree ? 
  i 'm using that right now but i feel like i 'm playing it wrong . 
  same as title . 
  i ca n't find it . 
  i know it exists . 
  i saw it a year ago or so . 
  for those of you against buying the new xbox , do n't flip the fuck out on the people who want to buy it . 
  i just want to know why they would want it after all this bad press . 
  i 'm not gon na get it , but it would help me sleep at night knowing the reasons why . 
  edit : i play on pc , sooo inb4 i 'm a ps4 fanboy .
