  i 'm not saying difficult as in hard , i 'm saying it 's tedious . 
  i do n't know what i was thinking when i asked you out . 
  i do n't know . 
  i know it was a mistake . 
  i 'm not saying you 're bad or that your personality is necessarily bad , its just that you are not the one for me holy fucking shit . 
  i ca n't even take it anymore . 
  on the way home tonight i was just telling adam and a few others that i texted you saying i wanted to finally talk this saturday . 
  this has been a long time coming . 
  they yelled at me saying that i 've been saying tbag since june . 
  i should have done something in june . 
  thanksgiving is tomorrow and i wo n't be going to see you . 
  i do n't want to when i 'm going to break us up on saturday . 
  after that , idk . 
  idfk man . 
  i just do n't know . 
  now onto you . 
  different person . 
  you . 
  i ca n't describe how i feel . 
  i do n't even know what the fuck we are or what you feel . 
  i wish i knew . 
  all i ever do is imagine what you 've been up to . 
  all i wan na know is how you feel . 
  i know this might sound really stupid . 
  like . 
  really fucking stupid . 
  so stupid you might think i 'm joking but hotline bling basically describes it all . 
  i do n't know what you 've been doing . 
  i do n't know what you and nick did . 
  i do n't know what happened that made you guys break up . 
  idk . 
  but it feels like even if i even tried in the slightest to talk to you , i 'm not good enough . 
  i 've put you so high on a pedestal that i basically think i 'm trash compared to you . 
  i do n't know what negative things there are about you . 
  i do n't know if i 'm even good enough anymore . 
  i do n't know . 
  jewish i knew . 
  i 'm not good enough . 
  you 're gorgeous and you 're personality is off the fucking charts . 
  i ca n't even describe it . 
  you 'll always be the `` one who got away . '', 
  just ... everuthing . 
  that song nails it . 
  i feel left out . 
  i feel like everything i could have experienced with you , you experienced with him or someone else or i do n't fucking know . 
  and i do n't really care to a point . 
  everyone 's got ta experience life and i hope you have !, 
  i 'm wishing i could go back in time and beat the ever living shit out of myself though . 
  i wanted to be the one for you . 
  i hope i still can be . 
  i do n't doubt that you 've even had sex , you dated him for a year , would n't doubt it but holy shit that was the one thing i wanted to experience with you . 
  it would n't have been my first time unfortunately but being with you on that occasion would have set in stone my feelings even more . 
  regardless , that 's selfish of me to even think like that . 
  i 'm assuming you slept with him obviously and i hope it was fantastic . 
  i hope you had a great relationship . 
  i hope you had some absolutely amazing moments with him and i hope he treated you like the 5 star stunner that you are . 
  you deserve it . 
  i do n't even know if i do anymore . 
  i 'm breaking up with her on saturday and its not because your single . 
  its because i 'm fed up . 
  i do n't know why i did n't do it sooner . 
  my life will change . 
  i will change . 
  you go to another college so i do n't expect to see you and you 've probably met some pretty cool dudes that you already have some feelings for . 
  i 'm old news . 
  i hope i stay relevant in your life and i hope you 're always feeling on cloud 9 . 
  you deserve it . 
  you deserve all the happiness in the world . 
  disclaimer : please do n't criticize the website , i have to make one for class and i 'm using all my knowledge to build something to the best of ability . 
  codepen ( use middle option under change view ) : http://codepen.io/anon/pen/mvbemo, 
  so i have [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/weqk0sx.jpg ) problem . 
  all i want to do is have `` honorable mentions '' above the diablo aside . 
  some notes : the middle content is a section while the diablo content is an aside . 
  `` honorable mentions '' is outside of the section but not an aside . 
  it simply floats right . 
  [ here is the related html . 
  [ here is the related css . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ygkoxis.jpg ) is what i 'm looking for but on the other page . 
  i tried making double of the diablo asides and pasting it next to the one already on the homepage but instead of falling under one another , the second one just stays to the [ right ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nqpwdbf.jpg ) ( exactly how float works ) but i want it underneath . 
  the diablo aside is for testing . 
  i just want to be able to put `` honorable mentions '' above some boxes or asides on the right . 
  solved : use the `` clear '' css command . 
  clear : right ;, 
  i 've been meaning to ask this for months now . 
  it is n't anything new . 
  it seems like there 's a bunch of cool links and pictures that come through the front page but then out of the blue there 's always like one two posts that are in the 4k or 5k territory with the rest all being under about 150 or 200 . 
  the talent does not work off of his crit chance or an item 's . 
  he does n't gain extra attack speed and he does not gain extra lifesteal from crits . 
  edit : i 'm retarded, 
  its not long but that 's what i remember . 
  i know i 've heard it before . 
  its from a game or movie or something !, 
  i tried googling a shit ton of kerywords but ca n't find it . 
  someone linked it a while ago and said they play it while they level . 
  hoping someone knows what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm positive it 's 8 hours long . 
  positive it 's 8 . 
  i just got the k70 rgb for christmas but when i change my color settings in cue , they do n't save . 
  i do n't see a save button or anything and the second i minimize the window or exit , it just reverts back to the spiral color wheel . 
  i 've been in and out of silver 1 promos for a while and this time i do n't have an automatic win .
