  i 'm not getting it . 
  yooooooooooooooooooooo , do you still play frequently ? 
  seasonal ? 
  when i first started the game , i tried killing him and everyone in that town hall because i think all of them are shit characters , that dumbfuck , drugged out granny most of all . 
  was very upset that they are not killable . 
  i 'm so glad you enjoyed it . 
  i loved it when i first went through it but it scared me when it first came out . 
  i think i was 13 at the time . 
  you 'll love bioshock 2 . 
  i would also suggest the minerva 's den dlc . 
  clutch, 
  fuck this guy, 
  picture is atleast 2 years old, 
  nice !, 
  thanks man !, 
  too late and if you 're gon na make an actual post match discussion thread , do n't be so lazy about it ... 
  yeah man , i know the feeling . 
  i would n't say i 'm depressed but the thought of some things , sometimes small , just bring me from 100 to 0 . 
  pls dont toy with my emotions, 
  i knew it was from zelda !, 
  i kept looking up zelda theme but that was n't it . 
  i think . 
  thank you !, 
  what 're those building textures ?!, 
  thank you !, 
  what 'd you search to find it !, 
  not ugly, 
  one punch man, 
  so i should at least buy the first one ? 
  what editing software is he using ? 
  anyone know ? 
  have n't played since season 4 . 
  can someone explain why monk is the least best of the classes ?!, 
  i remember exploding palm being the fucking bees knees . 
  got a 1920x1080 ? 
  can you give me a link ? 
  both the one you linked and the one on your deviantart are 1191 x 670 . http://i.imgur.com/1hq3zng.png, 
  nvm , found it !, 
  thanks !, 
  is it canon ? 
  you need to chill, 
  might be a dumb question and google might give me a lot of answers but you make it sound super easy !, 
  how would i overclock a 970 ? 
  is there a program ? 
  does the card have to be made to overclock ? 
  thank you !, 
  would that still work if my card is an evga ? 
  awesome , thank you !, 
  damn yo , thanks for the info !, 
  yo dawg , what 's going on ? 
  i 'm kinda in the same boat . 
  you use skype or team speak ? 
  i 'm on steam and league of legends a lot fo you wan na talk and play . 
  i think i know where you 're coming from . 
  it is 4 am where i live and i will add you when i wake up !, 
  been a long night ... 
  this is awesome !!, 
  defff cute , nothing to worry about . 
  laptop :, 
  1 vga and 2 usb, 
  monitors ( both ) :, 
  1 vga and 1 dvi, 
  i dig it but i think it was enlarged . 
  seems just a * taaad * blurry . 
  shake my titty head ? 
  why 19 ? 
  have n't run into anything i did n't like besides set dungeons . 
  i 'm having a great time . 
  my god . 
  ive never seen that item in my life . 
  is it a drop or a bounty item ? 
  never saw that item once . 
  wtfffffff man , i have been hunting gifts for like 20 hours ... got a woh with no socket but good stats . 
  fucking witching hour, 
  are people below 800 considered casual ? 
  i 'm at 680 right now . 
  what the fuck is your username, 
  people mass reported quin ?!, 
  what made you choose a generated name instead of your own ? 
  just wonderin ' , idk . 
  loooooove the broken lords . 
  the second one is the artist , haha, 
  as a 21 year old , most of us have hundreds of followers because of sports , high school , college , and work . 
  as for adults who joined twitter after college , i always wonder who follows them . 
  like , mostly from work ? 
  idk , i always wondered that . 
  do you use your twitter a lot ? 
  that is * so * vague , i ca n't tell if you 're playing or not ... hahah . 
  remember any words at all ? 
  had a party at our house last night , ended around 4 am . 
  woke up at 10 and have n't do n't shit . 
  osrs , lol , twitch . 
  that 's about it . 
  ohmygoddd yes . 
  started learning how to dance at the start of the semester so i could dance as good as all the black guys who basically run shit when the good songs come on haha . 
  took me a lot of hours to learn how to move and flow and shit but god damn it 's worth it . 
  can you dance ? 
  same , i scan through it about twice a day . 
  wait what ? 
  lol,
