  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usaand your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  imo that is some ugly focusing , understandably that 's a mod though . 
  ohh , my b my b. 
  i have failed you . 
  i forgot and went to see the avengers around 3:30 . 
  nahh , just talkin about normals . 
  just talking about normals . 
  not when you already had the screen come up . 
  after it 's already up , you call your position , then alt tab . 
  it does n't come back up then . 
  i usually alt tab right then sometimes and sometimes i 'll forget to go back . 
  not well at all . 
  integrated intel graphics is bad . 
  very bad . 
  that 's not meant for gaming in the slightest . 
  how do you load all ? 
  nope , ran watch dogs ' e3 preset at 60fps with a 970 . 
  where is this plane in the tech tree ? 
  i do n't see it at all . 
  not sure what 's up with yours but i have everything absolutely maxed with my 970 and i 'm running 60fps . 
  is there anything wrong with having an amd processor and a nvidia gpu or vice versa ? 
  i 've heard they do n't `` play nice '' , is that true ? 
  omg this game was so much fun !, 
  loved the hover tank !, 
  gon na reply to this and come back to it after episode 4 . 
  i feel like you 're right . 
  july 25th , 2015 `` life is strange . 
  was this guy right ?!?!? '', 
  holy . 
  shit . 
  i swear , if we 're kate 's bully i 'll fucking be so pissed . 
  i mean , that seems logical !, 
  i feel like that 's what 's happened !, 
  fuck you . 
  god damn , good job man !, 
  ayeeee go big or go home boys . 
  it got waaaaaayyyyy better . 
  episode 3 left us all shell shocked . 
  you guys ever have league-free nights where you just smash alcohol ? 
  judging the fuck out of you right now . 
  smh . 
  garen . 
  qt 's eu account is named fat american, 
  what kind of monitor are you using ? 
  niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice . 
  do n't mean to shit on the circlejerk but i have n't seen a facebook post on that sub in months . 
  i even went to the top in the past month and did n't see a single creepy pm screenshot at all . 
  they 're mostly videos now . 
  people are upset . 
  ahh , thought we were talking about r/cringe . 
  literally laughed out loud . 
  thanks . 
  will do . 
  idk man , made me laugh . 
  thought it was pretty good . 
  definitely worth . 
  absolutely amazing games , infinite being my favorite game of all time , not joking . 
  definitely play all of them . 
  i think they 're pretty cheap right now without even looking , maybe besides infinite . 
  it also closes the entire thread/text post when you close a video without being at that threads url . 
  only happened recently . 
  there 's no need . 
  the choices you make do n't effect anything besides being cosmetic . 
  definitely go through the dlc 's !, 
  looks pretty neat to me, 
  do n't hate on life is strange . 
  gon na guess you did n't like it . 
  it 's a great game with a pretty decent story imo . 
  on the third episode and i have no idea what `` hipster bullshit '' you 're talking about . 
  i do n't know why everyone here has a stick up their bums about this game . 
  definitely get the other episodes if you liked the first . 
  the ending to the third one was jaw dropping and i do n't know how 4 or 5 can top it . 
  ahh , i see what you mean . 
  i get you . 
  i guess i just do n't mind it as much !, 
  damn . 
  so yorik in long johns and a gas mask ? 
  lmao, 
  why did they take your gun ? 
  nice , good job dude !, 
  i remember that fight being stupidly more difficult than it should have been . 
  minerva 's den is absolutely fantastic . 
  i would only really recommend burial at sea for infinite . 
  columbia 's finest is just added weapons , silver eagles , and lock picks . 
  its really not necessary . 
  it 's only preference . 
  i 'm sure there 's an aim assist when using the controller but i 've never felt or seen it on pc . 
  cool thing about pc is the choice between m/kb and console controller . 
  i personally use m/kb for everything . 
  use what you feel you 're more comfortable with . 
  i really wish i had that art book .
