  i do n't know if it has an option but i do n't doubt it at all . 
  the ui will not change besides maybe saying press a to do this unstead of , say , press spacebar . 
  that looks like a scary city to live in . 
  you will not be able to run this game on a surface pro . 
  yes ... 
  perfect , is this something i 'll find in barnes and noble or will i have to order it from you ? 
  thanks again , keep up the awesome work !, 
  what 's loom, 
  3021 dragon age origins !, 
  / r/pcmasterrace, 
  damn , thanks . 
  thanks !, 
  do most people play season ? 
  as a garen main , i * loooove * when people pick teemo or some type of ranged champ . 
  i love it . 
  played against that shit so much , it 's easy to know what to do . 
  awesome . 
  literally my entire front page is / r/diablo , / r/reactiongifs , / r/militaryporn , and / r/buildapc . 
  there 's a few stragglers as well . 
  i 'm subbed to a little over 100 subreddits and it 's cool seeing so much stuff from subs i rarely frequent . 
  do it . 
  help burn this place to the fucking ground . 
  this whole fucking sub is nothing but image macros , memes , and satire . 
  signed, 
  ffs , stay private or do n't . 
  been a quick 90 days . 
  this is fantastic , thank you . 
  the one to start it , good job . 
  google it and search google verbatim, 
  garen . 
  my man . 
  my sweet , sweet man is getting a cool ass skin . 
  screw steel legion . 
  just have it drive like gta . 
  this is awesome !, 
  most likely brought up by , yaknow , comstock . 
  that tower was n't there before they brought her in . 
  she most likely lived a normal life for some time . 
  i do n't know how to word this . 
  booker knew he had to pay debts . 
  after he gave anna away , his debts were paid , hence what robert says . 
  you also have to take into account that a lot of his memory is wack as fuck and a lot of what you see at the end of the game is what actually happened . 
  what you just described is most likely how lutece conversed with booker over the deal . 
  also as some reference , i have a 970 and run gtav at 60fps , max settings . 
  how would i go about moving chrome or steam to my ssd ? 
  you got ta watch them all in a row , the end is 3 parts . 
  that one 's been taken down too ... any others ? 
  thank you !, 
  nothing at all . 
  from a little farm town of about 2,500 . 
  not much going on . 
  not bad looking yo , pretty average . 
  loved this show alllll the way up to the last episode . 
  shitty ending . 
  peeling is when you help keep an enemy off of an ally . 
  imagine playing as leona and keeping someone like vi off you 're adc . 
  kiting is basically attack moving . 
  kallista is built around this mechanic . 
  imagine getting chased by garen but she jumps too fast and too far for him to catch her . 
  you can kinda see where the name comes from . 
  the person * doing * the kiting is the one holding the string , the one chasing is the kite . 
  fuck you faggot, 
  8008 , thanks op !, 
   well barely, 
  not even, 
  i do n't know what proper path of thinking im supposed to take to make sense out of what just fucking happened, 
  i do n't think he 's a prescott but i definitely think he 's in on it . 
  obviously . 
  no doubt . 
  i do n't remember seeing any work of nathan 's anywhere and i ca n't remember what he submitted for the contest . 
  i thoroughly believe he is the one with all the binders , nathan is a tool/personal student , & he 's somehow getting money from the prescott 's . 
  3 months `` was this guy right ? 
  he sounds right '', 
  yeah thanks , could n't remember what it was . 
  god damn !, 
  never noticed that !, 
  you were unfortunately wrong :(, 
  i have all of my files , os and all other media , on my hard drive . 
  i have a few games on my ssd . 
  am i able to put windows 10 on my ssd ? 
  what would happen to my 7 ? 
  should i even do this ? 
  i have all of my files , os and all other media , on my hard drive . 
  i have a few games on my ssd . 
  am i able to put windows 10 on my ssd ? 
  what would happen to my 7 ? 
  should i even do this ? 
  ( i 'm so bad at this , please bear with me . 
  so since i have windows 7 on my hard drive , it would be easier to do it on my hard drive ? 
  & how would i go about doing it through `` bootable media '' ( again , i 'm sorry i 'm bad ) ? 
  i would like to have my os on my ssd since i always hear about how fast people can load up with it on their ssd 's . 
  i do n't think that 's how canon works . 
  i thought canon is decided by what the artists/writers intend to be canon . 
  one last question . 
  what happens to my os ( all files and games as well ) on my hard drive if i were to do both the options you 've said ? 
  ( bootable usb and clean install ) . 
  i 'm so sorry i 'm stupid at this stuff . 
  i hear so many pros to having your os on a ssd and would like to do so , but i have everything on my hdd . 
  hi , i 'm really bad at this so please bear with me . 
  i want to put windows 10 on my ssd but everything i have is on my hdd besides a few games .
