  what ? 
  so you think 3 is enough ? 
  nope . 
  cut your hair . 
  do n't keep that . 
  you 're also 16 so you 've still got a lot of change . 
  yeah , had my share of playthroughs and never really batted an eye to it . 
  it is pretty creepy looking back on it . 
  my right ear really enjoyed it, 
  aww hell yeah i do . 
  is it in the nvidia control panel ? 
  awesome , thanks man . 
  does it record audio as well ? 
  great job man , looks good . 
  i tried digital painting a few months ago and gave up . 
  all the credit to ya . 
  so sorry , thank you !, 
  it 's not necessary but playing the first one will help you out with the ending just a little bit . 
  not really necessary though . 
  found it here http://nikoniko808.tumblr.com/post/130575989108/thesearchingastronaut-finally-a-new-fanimation, 
  damn , thanks yo . 
  yeah , i tried to build it at the edge like you 're supposed to on the ground but it would n't let me . 
  i 'd rather them be there than on the roads of my giant circle . 
  when i get out of class and back to the game , i 'll let you know . 
  i have the mod and didnt think about that . 
  where can i find songs that hit that fuckin hard, 
  yeah , search for city vitals mod . 
  if you ca n't find it , lem me know . 
  does n't work : /, 
  collide is what it 's on normally , overlap is the image i just linked . 
  it does n't look that bad in game !, 
  same , i ca n't stand the apps . 
  read what you post . 
  * one at a time . 
  i like to see it to it 's finish . 
  * i 've only moved on two times . 
  first time was because my city was so poorly planned , it was my first one . 
  second one was boring . 
  i literally tried a nothing but roundabouts city and wow it got fucking boring . 
  * commercial straight ahead with industry and housing to the sides . 
  * yes , traffic was pissing me off so much i quit . 
  * i go with the flow lmao . 
  * i 'm on a european map right now and i do n't like it . 
  boring buildings . 
  cool in real life , went to germany and italy . 
  lame in the game . 
  i like to borreal maps . 
  forget how to spell it , not home right now . 
  * i am not good enough to re create cities lmao . 
  i like doing things my way . 
  damn !, 
  i love that simple look . 
  you link to that amazing play but you do n't link to the video with the auburn commentators ? 
  as an auburn grad ? 
  auburn 's gon na win the football game !, 
  auburn 's gon na win the football game !, 
  damn . 
  on mobile so not really in the mood to get the link but just youtube auburn commentators iron bowl 2013 i 'm sure you 'll find it . 
  holy shit number 15 is terrifying with bolin and pabu . 
  you 're thinking of the dyson sphere that was discussed when the news came about . 
  there 's an ootl thread about it , just use the search bar . 
  it 's hiiiiiighly more probable that it 's some space dust/debris/shit . 
  how is this beautiful, 
  i mean like this . 
  how fast he accelerates . 
  i 'm just talking about normal bhopping . 
  i 'm not the greatest , it seems hard !, 
  hahah thanks though !, 
  any idea if he was playing a specific song ? 
  you were right . 
   if money had actually been exchanged here , i would believe this was a troll . 
  is this what you were saying ? 
  there was a lot of `` not `` s there . 
  just trying to understand . 
  not sure what you 're not understanding . 
  there 's a bunch of posts in bindingofisaac and it 's a joke post that no one would see it . 
  i have no clue , autobalancing would n't be the word there but i do n't understand why i 've had full games that were 6v5 's . 
  awww , lame . 
  fun game though , still played them out . 
  i believe it 's making fun of a collage that was of nicholas cage . 
  might not be him , ca n't remember but all of those faces is where a nick cage face is . 
  try out heroes of the storm . 
  it 's probably the least stressful and free . 
  :( i like it ... 
  i find it less stressful than lol or data . 
  it is , just not on alien blue . 
  i browse reddit in desktop version . 
  you 're a dick , man, 
  forreals man got damn, 
  i preordered that shit instantly . 
  because one way or another , i will play this game . 
  i will play it on release day or i will play it days after . 
  i 'd like to play it immediately so i have it preordered and already downloaded . 
  do n't care about reviews or the negative things people are saying about it 's graphics . 
  love me some good rpg 's . 
  would a 970 be able to have a stable 60 fps in * most * games ? 
  do you have any graphical mods ? 
  not sure why this looks so nice . 
  i 've got everything maxed out . 
  i 'll give it a go .
