  now , i 'm assuming the only revenue is sales , while everything below that is an expense and when i did the math , i got a reasonable answer but just want to make sure . 
  i 've used an assortment of apps and the ones i always used stopped working and would crash ever time i would search a song . 
  since then , i 've gone through 5 apps , none of which have worked and i 've had to use a youtube to mp3 converter . 
  any of you guys have some suggestions ? 
  i do n't even know how to describe it . 
  it 's only online peoples ' skins and pants , nothing else . 
  want to finish it but do n't want to continue with it on subs as i 'm used to it dubbed . 
  so i turned on my computer today and it started up like usual . 
  my monitor is usually black for about 15 seconds then the windows 7 log in screen comes up . 
  today , it did n't start up at all . 
  i sat on my phone for about an hour hoping something might happen and was given the screen in the pictures . 
  after sending the information and taking a picture of it , there was an option to see `` advanced '' options . 
  anyhow , open it and it gives me 5 options . 
  windows system repair, 
  windows system restore, 
  windows image restore, 
  check memory, 
  and open cmd . 
  at first , i did the system restore to a point in the past , was only two days ago , was n't gon na lose anything . 
  it restarts , and i 'm stuck in the same damn loop . 
  i wait again and try the memory option . 
  a bios screen opens and runs through the memory check . 
  says it has n't detected a problem and will give more information/results on start up . 
  computer restarts and i see the 4 colored balls spinning with the starting windows text and i 'm happy . 
  then black screen and same loop . 
  i am now waiting a third time . 
  i do n't know what else to do . 
  i tried the image restore before the memory thing but windows did n't detect a previous image since i did n't make one , not sure entirely what that is either . 
  so my only options left are open the command prompt or do system repair which i believe is the thing that keeps opening in the pictures . 
  any help ? 
  system specs : gtx 970 , i5 44 ( ca n't remember other 2 numbers ) 8gb of ram , a 1tb hd which was my boot drive and a 250gb ssd . 
  i 've been in an empty custom game for 22 minutes practicing on red buff and i just ca n't seem to get it . 
  i seem to misclick a lot and i hear it takes a lot of practice , but i 'm just so frustrated right now . 
  i keep hearing how hyped people are for the third witcher and it looks pretty sweet . 
  looks like a lot of fun and so i saw they were doing a witcher sale on steam . 
  bought 1 and 2 . 
  i 'm at the part in 1 where i just left and got to that first village but ... 
  i just ca n't take it . 
  i ca n't take the gameplay . 
  it 's just so ... idk , meh . 
  the combat i just can not get over . 
  it 's just bad in my opinion ... 
  i do n't know what to think though . . will it get better ? 
  will the story suck me in ? 
  because it just does n't seem to interesting right now . 
  would like advice please , would love to keep playing but it just puts me off . 
  happened a few times and just happened a few minutes ago . 
  just wan na know if it 's not me . 
  i 'll browse reddit and suddenly remember i 'm in champ select only to be greeted with a 5 minute leave timer . 
  was completely fine all this year but since 5.9 i 've been randomly rubber banding about 1 in 3 to 4 games . 
  it has n't started really bothering me until today when i decided to play draven . 
  i hopped on battlefield and was fine at 64 ping for two games . 
  i see that it 's outbound as well , not sure exactly what that means but i 'm assuming that 's on my end ? 
  some people told me you have to be near an airfield , some told me i had to buy a hanger , and others told me i had to be level 80 . 
  i just want to fly my new plane ... 
  i 'm level 52 if that helps . 
  i always hear about how fast people are able to start up their computers by putting their os ( i honestly do n't know exactly what it is ) on their ssd and they 're able to boot up in a matter of seconds . 
  how exactly do i go about doing that if i already have mine on my hdd ? 
  and it 's really pissing me the fuck off . 
  for those asking what it is :, 
  at some point in the rotation of some champions , your cursor changes to the cross hair ones , sometimes the sword . 
  it frequently happens with renekton , syndra , and tryndamere . 
  when the cursor switches , it does n't let you ping or interact with the map at all . 
  it 's been about half a year since i 've played and i remember it being in the 400-600 's, 
  two times in a row , i 've had dc 's . 
  one guy could n't finish and the other one could n't stay connected . 
  if you 've had a recent history of connection issues , please play a normal before going into a ranked to see if you 're okay or not . 
  steam id is 47l45 . 
  i 'd really appreciate the help . 
  i 've had my game open for a while now but no one has joined : /, 
  none of these links really helps me . 
  they do n't explain anything . 
  there 's really not much on the wiki either . 
  i just want answers ... 
  hey guys , recently moved my os to my ssd and my controls did n't come with the game . 
  not sure why but i need help . 
  my plane moves with wasd . 
  i hate that and i ca n't figure out where the settings are to save my life . 
  i 've tried what i assume to be everything . 
  i like the controls where i move the plane with my mouse , can roll with a and d , throttle is w and s. i do n't know what settings it is to do that . 
  also , how do i get my zoom to stay locked ? 
  did n't see an option for that either . 
  i forget the button in air but for tanks , it 's rmb . 
  it zooms , but i have to hold it . 
  where 's that option ? 
  i 'm simply not seeing it , i 'm sorry ... 
  i went to go play gta today and as i loaded it up , it wanted me to play the prologue . 
  was like wtf ? 
  so then i went on cities skylines to see if i have my saves , nope . 
  any help ? 
  mine has to be this one :, 
  the guy screaming while running away had me laughing pretty good . 
  so it uses gmail but it is n't an @gmail.com email address , it \\ 's my schools . 
  i do n't want to type it out for personal reason , any bit of it . 
  when i go to gmail , or even just mail , it keeps asking me if it 's a fucking imap or pop3 email address . 
  i do n't believe it 's either of those but i tried both anyway , no clue what the hell was going on . 
  i just want to add an email to my phone ... 
  [ removed ], 
  i 've watched a good amount of videos and read a lot of time lines but never played any of them . 
  the new one looks fun as fuck and would like to buy it but if i do n't know what the fuck is going on , then there 's no point in me buying it .
