  think it got deleted . 
  i messaged the mods about it . 
  do n't blame me for what the title says , or what 's in the article . 
  i 'm simply linking a news article . 
  less anger or irritation towards myself would be awesome . 
  thanks . 
  that blue one has no fucking clue that his shit is about to be rocked . 
  what the fuck did this say ? 
  [ removed ] is teasing me right now . 
  where the * fuck * did you get this ? 
  ** does neil know ? 
  give him a double-bladed lightsaber , and i personally guarantee you he could kill every jedi ever in 20 seconds . 
  june 6th , 2006 . 
  i was 11 when my mom died of lung cancer . 
  i 'm 17 now and it i wonder most of the time what its like to live with or even have a mom . 
  i was too young to have emotionful memories . 
  i wonder what it 'd be like if she never got sick . 
  ... adolf ? 
  i really do n't want to search a biased page on google . 
  how is it `` legal '' ? 
  : / it was somewhat apocalyptic . 
  yes . 
  but like i said , i 'm not 100 % sure it was adult swim . 
  i 'm positive it was , but i could be wrong . 
  she did n't use enough swear words , imo . 
  op delivered . 
  that kid needs put down . 
  no better than some wild animal . 
  fuck the girl that was interviewed too . 
  i 've always figured that if i do for some reason accidentally click on it , i will instantly delete my facebook . 
  i could never take the embarresment . 
  i 'd like it more if it did n't look like a place wiley coyote would chase road runner . 
  when will this be available for download ? 
  is it disgraceful that i do n't know any of them ? 
  what, 
  why the * fuck * are you 2,903 comments in ? 
  i 've been in 4-h for 8 years now . 
  i raise steers to sell at the local fair , which is supposedly like the 3rd largest country fair in the country , or the state ( ohio - canfield fair - mahoning county ) . 
  i may not be into animals as much as i used to , but it 's decently fun . 
  also , selling 2 , 1200lb animals at $ 1.20 per lb is pretty fucking nice . 
  myself . 
  that was actually really fucking cute . 
  would love to see another . 
  thanks for linking a kickass new subreddit for me to look through . 
  on days when i 'm just feeling down in the dumps , i get on skyrim and continuously retravel to whiterun until it begins to rains . 
  it 's just whiterun alone that makes me feel so ... serene . 
  i walk slowly around the town , mostly the market , or i 'll stand under the blacksmith 's porch and just ponder what 's been up lately . 
  hits me right in the feels . 
  i do n't know what an ampion is . 
   `` sir , excuse me , but could i take your picture ? 
   `` uhmm ... sure ? 
  what for ? '', 
   `` it 's nothing really , just a way i can get free internet points . '', 
   ** ' a confused older gentleman found his way into our bar this afternoon . 
  he said he was thirsty and hungry but had no money , so our bartender bought him lunch and watched the olympics with him . 
  caught you red handed op . 
  what the fuck you gon ' do about it ? 
  would you rather fuck your dad , or your son ? 
  hardest decision ever . 
  thank you !!!!!!!!!!, 
  actually made me laugh . 
  sir , take all my upvotes . 
  [ cake - the distance ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pslu2okpqm ), 
  north jackson , ohio . 
  ayy mayne , my shit ai n't workin . 
  `` if you want to keep your friends , do n't talk about politics , religions , or how to raise their kids . '', 
  my dad taught me this growing up . 
  it may have been . 
  i might be mistaken . 
  thank you !, 
  res has taught me how convenient putting things in tabs is . 
  i 'm genuinely creeper the fuck out . 
  heron blue - sun kill moon, 
  dude ... www.khanacademy.org /, 
  sorry to be a downer but , this is n't oc . 
  i saw this originally on 4chan and did n't think it was that funny . 
  now that you have a good amount of karma for it , fuck you . 
  high school . 
  it 's just an optional assignment that allowed us to pick anything . 
  anything . 
  so , a friend and myself wanted to debate skyrim . 
  i just got home from paranormal activity 4 . 
  fuck you . 
  i thought it was just the ending with the black screen . 
  i thought that was the spoiler . 
  just the usual ending . 
  what the fuck man . 
  i 'm not dissapointed , just ecstatic as fuck . 
  why did n't you just self.post this ? 
  youngstown reporting in . 
  i honorably disagree . 
  that . 
  mask . 
  do n't smoke and that shit would 've never happened . 
  found it . 
  damn . 
  never mind . 
  dude , it 's in the `` top '' section . 
  like almost at the very top . 
  `` favourite . '',
