  love it . 
  now , i 'm not into the whole , bash the fuck out of the guitar and scream with no comprehension kind of screamo . 
  any kind of bands like hh ? 
  title says it all . 
  i have never been on the site until 5 minutes ago . 
  i love reddit like it 's my own brother , so i wish to join in on the hating but do n't know the reasons . 
  i am currently in a , i guess you could say `` terminal nursing home '' , and my grandfather has less than 24 hours to live because he is currently on a `` morphine drip '' . 
  as i currently think about being my grandmother ( im male btw ) , i think of their marriage and how intimate and loving it was . 
  as i currently have a girlfriend for 3 years and going strong , i realize i could spend my life with her and how i do n't think i could live without her . 
  long story short , if my girlfriend ( wife just for stories sake ) and i were like , 90 years old , and she died , and i did n't want to live anymore because she was my everything , could i ask to be humanely killed ? 
  last i remember , there was nothing found after kicking the ball in the electric chair hallway . 
  got into a huge argument about it today . 
  please state your opinion on why it is or is n't . 
  personally , i do n't think it should be considered a `` sport '' . 
  edit : i see competitive cheerleading as a sport . 
  sorry i did n't clarify . 
  this question is intended for high-school cheerleading . 
  i 've been playing on the same world for 4 months now , and i scouted the whole world so i can use the map . 
  well , i went to build another city in an area that was once a plain with a very large mountain but as i ventured to it , the map updated with snow !, 
  i did n't mind it at first , but just today , it began moving to the southeast !, 
  i 'm sorry i do n't have a picture of the land before it turned on me . 
  any help , or as to why it 's doing this ? 
  never have i heard of this happening . 
  you can even see the path it 's taking . 
  it tweets at a constant rate of about one post an hour , and it has n't posted anything since april 22nd at 4:00 a.m. whats up ? 
  i 'm 250 pages in . 
  i 've read that people absolutely hate ayn rand and her philosophies . 
  i honestly do n't think i fully understand the hatred . 
  i love the book so far . 
  i love how aggressive and cold dagny and rearden are . 
  i love the whole `` only the strong survive '' mentality . 
  remember , i 've read why people hate ayn , but do they also hate the story ? 
  because i 'm infatuated with it . 
  tl ; dr do people hate on ayn rand because of her philosophy or because they seriously hate the story ? 
  i ca n't really say i need `` lifting '' advice because i have no lifting equipment . 
  our school stops allowing kids to lift as they please after schools but now that it 's summer , i ca n't use the equipment unless i play football . 
  i have no equipment but i do live on a farm and run daily . 
  i mainly want to build . 
  my chest . 
  is there anything you guys know of that i can do that does n't involve equipment ? 
  someones harassing me , and i need a weapon . 
  i apologize if everyone already knows this . 
  i was just so excited i found it out and had to post it . 
  please do n't downvote this because of my excitement ... 
  i have been stuck on rakanoth for the past 25 minutes , and when i continuously die , my respawn timer has gone up to 30 . 
  now , i 'm not entirely sure how the respawn timer works , but the timer should n't be that high when fighting bosses and continuously dying . 
  edit : just killed rakonoth and spent over 15k in repairs . 
  in such a joy ... 
  do n't get me wrong , the video was fucking awesome , but i reaaallllyyyyy wanted to know the gender of the pyro , and still do . 
  the fairytale land could be just as easily seen through a male 's eyes as a female 's . 
  in my own perspective , i believe he 's male , but there 's little tidbits that propose it 's a girl . 
  fill me in on your own theories . 
  so i 've searched the subreddit to see if i could find what i wanted but could n't . 
  anyway , where could you find `` string '' in the wilderness to use as a bowstring ? 
  i do n't want to use anything store-bought . 
  i want to go out to the woods , carve out a bow , and get to using it . 
  but just what do you use for the string ? 
  i 'm 90 % positive that from what i remember , it was on adult swim . 
  it scared me to death as a child , and scarred me mentally . 
  i 'll try to describe it and provide details as best i can . 
  it happened sometime during , or before 2006 , cause my mom was alive . 
  here 's what i remember :, 
  it started out with a kid in school . 
  like , highschool age . 
  i remember him being followed and watched by two men in black suits . 
  like it was something from the matrix . 
  i do n't remember what exactly happened , but it led to human enslavement by robots . 
  they kept humans in these pods and killed them ruthlessly . 
  i know this was on adult swim because i stayed up watching family guy and toonami came on . 
  it had to have been around 12 or 1 a.m. , and it was an anime . 
  it was bloody as shit and i remember being terrified the days afterwards . 
  i also know it had to be adult swim because i only watched nickelodeon and cartoon network growing up , and i never watched nickelodeon at night , cartoon network and adult swim were just too awesome . 
  pleaseeeeeeee help . 
  if you know of something that i 'm talking about , give me some pointers on what to google . 
  i 've tried googling everything i remember , but i just ca n't find anything . 
  any ideas ? 
  ** edit : ** it may not be adult swim . 
  i said i was 90 % sure , not 100 % . 
  that may open it up a little bit for some leeway . 
  i do bodyweight workouts and would somewhat like to move the time i work out to about an hour / hour and a half before i go to bed . 
  disadvantages ? 
  i know there has to be at least one . 
  also , like the title says , is there a `` prime '' or `` best '' time to work out during the day ? 
  a friend of mine thought it would be cool and this seems like the perfect subreddit . 
  [ could anyone just make some awesome explosion in the back ? 
  like i 'm jumping away from it ? 
  on one day , i do pull-ups , wide and short style , then abs . 
  then on the next day , i do elevated push-ups between three chairs , and curl weights . 
  i know it 's bad to workout the same muscles , so do the pull-ups interfere with thee same muscle groups that the push ups and curls work ? 
  there was a youtube video i watched a pretty decently long time ago . 
  it involved a couple in their house yelling at each other when being affectionate or nice to each other . 
  different scenes of the video are in different parts of the house . 
  there is a scene near the end where she is going through the guy 's phone and she calmly says she knows about another girl . 
  it has a huge amount of views but i ca n't remember specifically how many . 
  they both have a shared channel with other videos . 
  pretty sure it 's popular . 
  in the video a dj is in this black room with one of those dubstep button machines . 
  he `` defies physics '' by hooking up lights to his beats and making a triple helix , reversing gravity , and slowing down time . 
  i think his name started with an a. i ca n't remember ... 
  so i do elevated push ups .
