  god dammit, 
  do i delete this ? 
  what did you use to record that ?!? 
  what programs did you use to record and edit ? 
  that was really fuckin cool, 
  yeah , not a fan of cheating myself . 
  took me about an hour . 
  how do i revert res to where the upvoute counter and comment interaction links were white ? 
  how do you know they 're grown and not test subjects taken from their land ? 
  upvoted for frogoblins hahahahahahahaha, 
  i read the lolesports page when it was released and havent reread it since so my info is a little lackluster . 
  the players were never given a contract to sign that gave them certain securities ( ? ) . 
  if they were , which i do n't think they were , then it was not in their favor . 
  they were also not getting paid on time . 
  one of the subsitutes ( i ca n't remember which team though ) recently said that he never even got paid at all . 
  i 'm on mobile and in a rush . 
  read the renegades and tdk ( they 're combined ) lolesports ruling for better info . 
  i think there 's a summary on the bottom . 
  if you 're new to the scene , christopher mykkles ( ? ), 
  is montecristo , an english caster for the korean league scene while also the owner/coach ( ? ), 
  of renegades . 
  chris badawai is some shady team owner . 
  everything in this comment is based on memory so its best to read the rulings or if someone else can elaborate better . 
  i 've learned a lot after watching it on youtube to know what to fix . 
  also , a lot of my inspiration for even doing this comes from sky williams ' funny ass videos . 
  no you did n't . 
  same , i have the void wireless . 
  was upset to see they did n't score good even though i really enjoy mine . 
  :( i somewhat agree on the mic part . 
  i recorded some gameplay of my friend who has audio technicas and he sounds like he would in person while i definitely sound like i 'm on a headset . 
  views, 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  are you blind ? 
  that person has never played an fps in their life . 
  i 'm on mobile and taking a break from longboarsing at the moment . 
  can someone gimmie the names of them ? 
  i recognize artorias , havel , and oceiros ( ? ) . 
  thanks !, 
  fuck , do * not of in the title . 
  on mobile . 
  damn , thanks . 
  are people using resin on their weapons when they hold them in the air and apply the buff ? 
  or spells ? 
  had a lot of good ones . 
  i have about 4 hours into pvp and just learned from others what to do and what not to do . 
  & i guess i 'll live , wo n't let that crap get to me hahahah thanks . 
  but that 's what i mean , not invasions or defending . 
  i 'm talking fight club . 
  if you 're looking for some good 1 on 1 fighting , you head to pontiffs courtyard . 
  if they use flasks , i use flasks but that 's still just not right , idk how to word it i guess . 
  fight club . 
  i like to summon more than host . 
  i do n't know how to host ... lol, 
  yeah i agree !, 
  shit happens , just got ta do what i can . 
  what u know about good loom, 
  it 's like 4 feet from the outlet . 
  alright , thanks . 
  i 'll head to home depot and look for one . 
  should i get a heavy duty surge protector or extension cord ? 
  okay , thank you !, 
  fuck you , stupid shithead . 
  pretty sure it 'd be considered a western anime . 
  can you give us examples or links ? 
  thanks / u/pyaneofwax !, 
  here you go op . 
  was in an askreddit thread asking about kinks you do n't understand . 
  some guy said he saw some other guy acting like a dog in a very ... awkward situation . 
  they 're talking about dogs and it coincides with alphadog 's username . 
  `` alphadog3300n disconnected '' is making fun of any chat room where , when a user disconnects , that message is shown ; `` user '' has disconnected . 
  you just have to use your imagination . 
  they 're talking about human males acting like dogs to get themselves off/turned on and `` alphadog '' is n't about that life so he `` leaves the chatroom '' . 
  tl ; dr it 's coincidental that alphadog 's username is loosely relevant to the previous comment chain . 
  have to have a small grasp on chat rooms to get the joke . 
  that 's how im seeing it . 
  wait ... where area are you in ?? 
  way too many episodes for me ... 
  if i remember correctly , its only that one chick . 
  everyone else is proportioned pretty well , average even . 
  its also the funniest anime i 've ever watched , i 'd give it another try yo . 
  god damn , love it . 
  thanks for posting . 
  shit man , i really like akira and blue & green . 
  thanks again yo . 
  full song can be found here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ug0wmzmkbm4, 
  i enjoy the shorter version more , but i 'm sure others feel different . 
  went to / r/news looking for some discussion on today 's shooting in florida . 
  apparently all threads were being deleted and the megathread is straight garbo ... 
  the only live streaming link is the reddit one , was hoping to have an ease of access of multiple links : /, 
  would be * great . 
  dammit . 
  i know there 's a translator online but i still do n't wan na do it ... lol, 
  yooo that was fuckin tight, 
  hahahah :\\ ^ ) thanks !, 
  edit : fuck man , monuments take work lol, 
  that 's crazy . 
  thanks man . 
  shit man , would wikipedia be a good place to read up on that ? 
  i 'm about to go to bed , so i 'll search in the morning ? 
  any keywords i should google ?
