  no spoilers . 
  basically , there 's some war with china and japan and japan wants to make a bunch of super martial art soldiers at this temple . 
  long story short , one of the students left years ago to fight for the chinese and finds out they restarted this super soldier martial arts program . 
  they abduct children and shit and he 's pissed and goes off to try and end that shit . 
  its all in japanese with subtitles but god damn , i did n't give a fuck . 
  this movie is fucking crazy . 
  i love action movies as much as the next guy and this film is outstanding . 
  i highly recommend it . 
  it even has a few americans in it who got captured . 
  i accidentally broke my game by messing with the pcconfig file because every time i would try to change my resolution to my native one , ( 1768x992 ) , it would crash . 
  well i found the files and tried changing them myself . 
  it did n't work . 
  please , all i ask of you is to go into your pcconfig files and copy/paste them in a message to me . 
  to find them , it 's not in your steamapps . 
  you have to go to your search bar by clicking the windows button , typing in % appdata % , going into roaming , then the warner bros files , then lego , then it 's right there as a . txt . 
  open it in notepad and copy paste it . 
  i 'd be willing to even gift you a cheap game . 
  my internet connection runs like shit . 
  i download at about 250kbs and would love to play this game tonight , not tomorrow . 
  you can message me on steam as well , 47l45 . 
  i rarely buy champions and always save ip and always thought it was a drag but just recently did i just get really pissed off about it . 
  i was at 6209 ip , saving for 6300 for quinn , won a game , and got 83 ip . 
  that broke me . 
  i 'm pissed . 
  why do we get so little ip , even for a win ? 
  have n't had too much luck searching on the workshop , wondering if anyone else knows of something . 
  i do n't have a nexus account and i 'd really prefer not to make one . 
  i 've found this :, 
  but i 'd like something from the workshop instead . 
  i 'm not colorblind but i like the red instead of purple so i pick colorblind mode . 
  anyways , while in colorblind mode with a pantheon ult incoming , his circle only appears seconds before he lands . 
  by seconds i mean like , 2 seconds . 
  i 've been in games where i 'm i 'm farming or running away and suddenly holy shit what the fuck . 
  this has been happening for the past few patches , it was n't always like this . 
  i assumed it was brought up before but i have n't seen anything about it even after searching . 
  sorry , could only find it on vimeo . 
  looking for pieces similar to 1:25 to 4:10 . 
  i really like this piece by him and was looking for more like it from any composer or band , if possible . 
  the fast tempo and overall feel of 1:25 to 4:10 are just auxillerating to me . 
  i 'm open to anything so even things vaguely similar are okay . 
  thanks !, 
  can i upload a chronocam ? 
  i 'd like to wish cloud9 the best of luck . 
  i 've followed tsm since the beginning of this season and i really enjoy all their hype . 
  now that they 're out of worlds , i 'm putting all my faith and hope into cloud9 . 
  i 'd like to see na make it to the finals , and i know cloud9 has the ability to . 
  good luck guys , and give'em hell . 
  i recently redeemed shift codes this morning in concordia . 
  after i was done entering the keys and redeeming them , i alt tabbed from the shift vendor menu and began closing all open programs on my task bar . 
  i came back after a few classes , got on blps , and went to go spend my keys . 
  noticed i did n't have them and figured maybe it did n't save . 
  went to re-enter the codes and it obviously said i already redeemed them . 
  kinda sucks . 
  i opened a support request from the gearbox 's website . 
  i was playing a co-op game with a friend and we just got past the part where you kill felicity . 
  well , we went back to concordia and moxxi opened her crate and i told my friend to take it because i 'll get it on my playthrough . 
  welllllll , the crate is n't there on my playthrough and there 's no way for me to get it now . 
  does anyone have an extra moxxi laser about level 36 + or can somehow dupe theirs ? 
  the chat seems to be fuckey or something . 
  he just made his account and went through the tutorial , has n't even played one match yet . 
  want to play with him . 
  we ca n't see messages from each other and we do n't get invites from each other or anything . 
  we 're both connected to chat as well . 
  something seems up , idk . 
  we just wanted to be in a squad to play . 
  i understand it has to do a lot with how well you can use your class 's cooldowns and rotations , but are they really not too good ? 
  thinking of making one but if they have low dps no matter what , compared to others , then i kinda do n't wan na make one . 
  like , i feel like some people are n't * that * bad at the game but some play like they are pretty new to games like this . 
  ** but the chat . 
  ** the chat . 
  there 's always the same responses !, 
  then every time i try to communicate with everyone on the all chat , i never get a reply , just more of the continuous chat that always comes up . 
  any one else know if we 're playing bots or not ? 
  i 've been adding thrusters to my ship but keeping the mass the same . 
  what 's up ? 
  saw someone was in team builder as rek ` sai . 
  went to the champ screen and bought her . 
  played a team builder game as her . 
  why are n't they advertising that she 's out ? 
  my bad , guess they are . 
  did n't see any of the advertising . 
  just wan na know if it 's worth it to buy a costly drive . 
  really want this game ... 
  hey guys , just need a little help . 
  my newly built desktop is up and running . 
  i can turn it on , all fans run , everything seems to be running but my gpu fans do n't seem to be spinning and more importantly , i ca n't get a video feed through to my monitor or tv via both hdmi and vga . 
  any help ? 
  i 'm absolutely positive i have everything plugged in for my gpu ( gtx 970 ) . 
  i do n't see any cables that i 'm supposed to plug into my gpu besides the power cables ... & because my hdmi cable runs from my gpu , i think the problem is somewhere there ... 
  then i tried plugging my hdmi cable in the motherboard slot and still did n't get any picture . 
  is there more to the gpu then the power cables ? 
  i do n't see anything else ... 
  not sure if this is the place to ask this but just wanted some help . 
  there was a game that looked awesome that was posted within the past week or so on / r/gaming or / r/games . 
  there are ( i think ) 4 classes . 
  one of them is a warrior with a big ass sword . 
  another was a girl who was some sort of dragon or commanded dragons . 
  then there were two more . 
  one was a wizard and i forget what the last one is . 
  it was like a diablo kinda game .
