  no thats a shark, 
  do n't tell me what to and not to upvote . 
  post this in / r/vexillology . 
  they might be able to help a lot more . 
  brann looks like a dyke but as a guy, 
  thanks , good song . 
  ouch . 
  your eyes are gorgeous !, 
  not bad man . 
  you 've got good hair and just a tad bit of acne that you can clean off but other than that , weight is a factor from what i see . 
  no need to lift weights but losing weight will take off face fat and clean up your face nicely . 
  i 'd give you a solid 6 or 7 out of 10 . 
  do something with your hair !, 
  lookin ' good man . 
  your glasses , clothing style , and hair are fucking sweet man . 
  definitely made an improvement !, 
  you 've definitely changed for the better man . 
  the haircut and the little bit of weight made a good difference . 
  thank you !, 
  when you do , it messes up your skills . 
  yeah , i picked the lazy option . 
  : / hahaha, 
  he 's right . 
  ddos ` ing has nothing to do with their security or security in general . 
  do n't you fucking dare change my garen . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  he 's exactly right , hahah . 
  people stop going . 
  i walk in at around 9pm and leave around 10:30 . 
  about 20 + people at my start , then it turns into about 10 + of us . 
  sometimes it 's even fewer . 
  no , i live in a small town of about 2000 people with fields everywhere . 
  i live on a farm with many fields and just shoot things i put on fence posts . 
  you tried . 
  like the others say , just shave your head man . 
  other than that , seem like a cool guy . 
  hahahah love this guy . 
  pretty sure this is logan paul . 
  dude 's hilarious . 
  you just made my day hahahahah, 
  this is fucking boss, 
  how the fuck do you remember your username, 
  ironman headphones, 
  i do n't get it :(, 
  that country is bhutan . 
  afaik the people of bhutan love their king who 's title is `` dragon king of bhutan . '', 
  yeeeeeup . 
  pretty cool stuff . 
  yeah , have n't been having any of your problems . 
  when you 're in a party , you 'll sometimes be split into different teams . 
  happened with myself and another friend . 
  there 's a chipotle that just opened up on exchange in the university edge complex by campus . 
  they might still be accepting applications . 
  any mmo or lol . 
  is he famous or something ? 
  ohshit , thanks . 
  funniest thing i 've heard in weeks , enjoy the gold . 
  nice post man , really enjoyed it . 
  did n't share the frisson you had but damn do i really like jack black . 
  this is fucking awesome . 
  she 's my favorite mid laner !, 
  the bangs half way over her eyes feels a bit off ... maybe draw her sunglasses down or make her bangs longer ? 
  covering the top half of her face seems to be a recurring theme . 
  regardless , it 's fucking sweet !, 
  as a silver , i 'm absolutely amazed that none of them were looking at the other teams death timers . 
  is that in pacific time or korean timezone time ? 
  i do n't see any acronyms . 
  my bad , thanks !, 
  this is fucked . 
  good job man , that jinx one is awesome . 
  i love garen ... 
  then why do n't they just continuously dump it into space instead of storing it on board ? 
  na down for anyone else ? 
  not sure but na is down . 
  na down ? 
  na down . 
  did n't know kendrick was coming out with a new album , thanks !, 
  i 'm missing the message/symbolism here , care to explain ? 
  i hope this does n't get delete so i can ride the karma train, 
  does anyone have a link to that poster in the first frame ? 
  i would pay to have that as a poster . 
  it 's like a mother fucking dragon . 
  that 's terrifying . 
  helmet bro trying to take out gragas, 
  you made this ? 
  i made this . 
  be bo bobo bo bo bobo, 
  we should let the game play itself . 
  is there a source for this ? 
  i love atlas and his mythology ( hence my username ) but i 've never heard of this before . 
  why is your flair `` toothless master race '' ? 
  i use one for my n64 emulator to play smash bros. 
  this site might help a lot . 
  i 've seen a lot of people have already helped you but this site really helped me . 
  best of luck friend . 
  gold from me as well . 
  thank you for the watery eyes and chills . 
  where did you get that shirt ? 
  convince me to come to romania .
