  i feel the same way . 
  it 's not that i 'm necessarily unhappy with where i 'm at , but i live with a few strong regrets and purposely listen to music that takes me back to better times a lot . 
  awww man , i just ca n't listen to maroon 5 . 
  it 's not that i think they 're bad , they 've got catchy songs , but i just ca n't stand adam levine 's voice . 
  wait what ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i 'm getting band flashbacks . 
  could we get perfect pitches from using a computer ? 
  wait hahah that adds more questions . 
  why could n't a string instrument be pure ? 
  what makes it 's sound different from a brass/woodwind ? 
  can a woodwind be pure ? 
  without a doubt it 's your personality . 
  i 'd keep the straight/wavy hair . 
  i meaaaan , maybe ask your friends if you sometimes come off as one ? 
  you 're def not ugly though you are 18 so maybe your high school just did n't have the right person for you . 
  i just ca n't stop laughing, 
  10 years ago i was 11 . 
  lost my mom that june 6th to lung cancer , which in turn due to medical expenses , we had to shut down our family restaurant and sell our farm . 
  we 've recovered . 
  dad went back to school , graduated , remarried and my sister ( 9 years older ) has 4 kids and a great marriage . 
  i 'm at college now for computer programming . 
  its been a fucking wild , sad , and happy 10 years . 
  they are n't and / u/phreakriot seems to be really fucking against them on twitter . 
  no matter the argument , it seems like the dude just thinks the cons outweigh the pros . 
  you were the only who did n't provide a joke answer and got downvoted . 
  really diggin this man , thanks . 
  shiiiiiit , well thanks !, 
  really enjoying it . 
  sweet , thanks !, 
  i made a post about this a while ago . 
  you can look through my submitted obvi . 
  iirc it 's undecipherable . 
  do n't watch the show , can someone give me a run down on what happened ? 
  image is in 8k ( i think ) and i 'm going to make it into a multi-paper poster 100 by 60 inches . 
  thanks !, 
  awesome , thank you !, 
  hey , 3 months late to this but that used to be a small [ unincorporated area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unincorporated_area ) . 
  the dream . 
  the long awaited dream . 
  glad we 're back to normal content and not uhhh ... certain types of fanfiction . 
  you 'll fucking love that, 
  it was great until that guy started singing, 
  in the very beginning . 
  beat was fuckin ' slick then his voice just turned me off : / . 
  not saying his voice is necessarily bad but that beat was chill as fuck and his voice is totally opposite . 
  wait , is n't that sub gon na run out of songs ? 
  edit : nvm , read the sidebar . 
  i appreciated the joke , haha, 
  found this while looking for remix 's to pure imagination since i really like the original . 
  pretty rad fuckin ' beat to the song and a good flow imo as well . 
  slayer - raining blood, 
  saw some poor reviews on the case so that 'll be changed . 
  some questions :, 
  is 500w enough for this build ? 
  i 'm not well versed in custom pc power consumption . 
  do you guys have any recommendations on cases in that price range ? 
  saw that that one had some sketchy reviews . 
  recommendations could be fancy , could be simple . 
  thanks a lot guys . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  & i 've been seeing a lot of 1060 single fan cards . 
  any reason to pick a single fan over a larger , double/triple fan card ? 
  i think the dude was saying the dk should have gripped the shaman away from the edge , back in the direction the dk came from . 
  man ... came here looking for songs and the top 20 comments are just whole albums/bands . 
  damn , pretty dirty . 
  dude , thanks !, 
  been looking for another way to find new music . 
  thank you !!, 
  what 's your stream link ? 
  what weapon is that ?? 
  yo this is fucking slick, 
  yooooooooo , fucking love this dude . 
  fuckin ' smooth, 
  okay , thanks !, 
  it sounds like that 's past-tense . 
   proof, 
   * could * take place, 
  that 's kind of an unfair example considering the america we know today is only 200 + years old . 
  native americans are n't our ancestors , they 're a different culture entirely . 
  i 'd say our `` original '' culture would be living with the same racist and ignorant laws from the 18th/19th centuries . 
  then what 's yours, 
  just found this guy on tumblr . 
  i 'm not exactly sure how to link his tumblr on mobile but i 'm sure if you search wlop you 'll find him . 
  he said in his post that the weapons were all from the game and to try naming them . 
  i only know armageddon : / . 
  looks like frostmourne in the back right too . 
  can i watch disappearance without reading the novel ? 
  i 'm a casual and do n't read , only watch . 
  source on that ? 
  not that i do n't believe you but i do n't want the internet to crush my dreams like usual . 
  * awwwww yisssssss *, 
  really good !, 
  reminds me of father mozgus . 
  thanks for that , i 'm sold on the gigabyte g1 card !, 
  dude . 
  really . 
  not the feels man . 
  come on . 
  wait really ?
