  spit my cereal on my keyboard . 
  thanks . 
  enjoy the gold . 
  as someone who is interested by this and found this by accident , what kind of code do you write in this , or is it used for something different ? 
  keep in mind i have absolutely no knowledge of programming and found this by chance . 
  could someone eli5 ? 
  really ? 
  that sucks . 
  oh well , we can wait but still that sucks . 
  do you know the difference between a role and type of champion ? 
  was there a video of the landing ? 
  if there was , anyone got a link ? 
  damn , did n't know . 
  thanks . 
  burn the subbbbbbbbbbbbbb, 
  you just made my blood boil . 
  hey there , 634 blood dk . 
  i 'll be happy to answer any questions about blood/frost dk . 
  yes . 
  the link / u/friglicious provided is excellent . 
  you 're basically a dps with great threat generation and mitigation . 
  once you start getting bonus armor , you 'll feel more like a tank . 
  now that i think about it , i feel like that description goes for all tanks in general haha . 
  honestly , i do n't really have many resources . 
  i kind of just learned on my own . 
  gon na be real here , i was frost alllll the way up till wod . 
  once i got into normal dungeons , i thought `` i 'll just spam death strike , gg . '', 
  i was dead wrong . 
  the whole blood dk tanking style , in my opinion . 
  is death/blood rune management . 
  spend all bloods on blood boil , spend deaths on death strike . 
  your blood runes should always be on cd and you should always have one pair of deaths ready and one pair of deaths on cd . 
  you can pop the deaths when the other pair is 2 or less seconds from recharge . 
  not gon na go through mitigation unless you want me to . 
  for resources , i just looked at noxxic and icy veins , googled `` blood dk '' lol . 
  both of those did n't really explain it well , but they gave me something to start with . 
  like i said before , i just kinda learned the feel for it . 
  both of the sites i mentioned would still be worth looking at . 
  all about rune management . 
  i use a rune bar add-on . 
  not home , i forget what its called and ca n't check . 
  i dont get it either :(, 
  pretty sure he was ... he 's green because he drank the blood . 
  i did n't google , just guessing . 
  people are angry . 
  fantastic loop . 
  why does this have a nsfw tag ? 
  how the fuck do you remember your username, 
  to the people who do n't play ahri or could n't care less about her , it 's pretty valid to complain about it . 
  coincidentally , i love jinx and still upset she does n't have a cooler skin yet ... she already had a shit ton , she did n't really need another . 
  that was dark . 
  damn straight , you better ban garen . 
  i did n't bring my permission slip to this feelstrip . 
  evga . 
  bought damned but have n't played it yet . 
  check it out , it 's a co-op horror game !, 
  hey op , your questions already been answered but here 's a funny video about crossfit . 
  big fan of the guy , funny imo . 
  holy shit man , it 's just a frog . 
  fuck you , that controller is terrible . 
  wiimote all damn day . 
  iirc , this picture was an oc pic on reddit somewhere back when i first joined . 
  the girl left the guy some time shortly after . 
  she improved by a lot and he did n't . 
  garen, 
  your w is much more valuable than you think and could save you a good amount of health . 
  do n't q/w . 
  w when it 's necessary . 
  buy movement quints . 
  sometimes , your q is more valuable than your e. choose which to max first depending on who you 're playing against . 
  you need some fucking commas . 
  yep . 
  same . 
  by random chance , do you have trouble logging in nowadays ? 
  alright . 
  on na and i 've been having some a lot of troubles the past few days . 
  that 's awesome haha, 
  i would n't think so . 
  i have a 970 as well and i 'm able to run watch_dogs 's e3 mod at 60fps . 
  if you have the money , sure . 
  if not , you will not be dissapointed . 
  highly recommend the 970 . 
  hover over his flair and it tells you . 
  looks like an i5-4690k @ 3.5 ghz, 
  what piece is this ? 
  absolutely stunning . 
  kinda new to the game . 
  did n't watch the whole thing . 
  his laugh irritated me . 
  guess i could have described it more . 
  it was like a diablo kinda game . 
  graphics we 're great , like 3x better than diablo . 
  if i could give it a genre , it would be a diablo clone . 
  not sure of it 's genre . 
  yes . 
  thank you . 
  thank you !, 
  i assure you , he is not useless . 
  downvotttesssssss . 
  check the pcmr front page before posting .
