  why you ask ? 
  ( educated guess here ) because maybe that man is extremely skillful/deadly and kills booker in nearly all the universes beforehand . 
  one thing to remember : the lutece coin toss in the beginning of the game . 
  constants and variables . 
  if you count the tally marks on robert s chalkboard , there 's 122 tallys . 
  you 're playing in the universe where it 's bookers 122nd or 123rd try at rescuing elizabeth . 
  with that said : the twins know what 's up before the lighthouse . 
  the man is just a bystander hired by comstock . 
  tl ; dr he 's a man hired by comstock to stop booker since comstock knows he 's coming . 
  the luteces all know this , and kill him before they take booker to the lighthouse . 
  this is awesome . 
  like you said in your comment , the year is questionable . 
  best post i 've have seen today . 
  i have n't read them yet as i 'm reading beowulf , but i 'm almost finished . 
  gon na head to barnes and noble soon and order them if they are n't in stock . 
  hope you enjoy them if you get them . 
  damn , man . 
  that had to be one kickass moment . 
  are you going to go back tomorrow to help out with anything else that needs done ? 
  i swear , if you get fuck tons of delicious karma for this , imma be pissed . 
  i have n't stopped listening to this song since i beat infinite . 
  this is one of the cringiest things i 've seen in a video game . 
  lip tattoos fade away ... soo ... 
  fallout 4 confirmed . 
  i refuse to look at it , but i still upvoted it . 
  i 've looked online a lot , is amazon the only place i can buy it from ? 
  can someone please link me to the post that started all this `` ameristralia '' stuff ? 
  or at least explain what happened ? 
  thanks patriot . 
  what 's your favorite tv show and why ? 
   1 ) ** you must post a clear and direct question , and only the question , in your title . 
  ** any context or clarification should be posted in the text box . 
  your own answer to the question should go in the comments as a reply to your own post . 
  i 'm loving the responses in here , but this is also a good question for / r/getmotivated . 
  it 's a more populated version of this subreddit . 
  damn , thanks for the monument . 
  this is fucking sad . 
  i think he was implying that we 're just little beings of life , like ants , fighting over a planet , like ant territory , that we should be cooperating on . 
  i 'm digging that it 's oc , but [ they 're the same people man ... 
  they 're genetically brother and sister . 
  that 's incest right there , haha . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i accidentally selected the dollar bill machine twice during my playthrough but never bought anything . 
  i still got the achievement . 
  never fallin ' - living legends, 
  [ made by user metaa . 
  ] ( http://metaa.deviantart.com/ ), 
  if you decide to post any of these to share or harvest karma , remember to provide the link to the artists page in the comments . 
  i still have mine . 
  never drank them . 
  i 'll post proof pics around 6 when i get home . 
  dude . 
  you need to get that checked out . 
  my friends ' brother did this and because of it , had to get surgery on his achilles tendons . 
  this does not work for me . 
  yes , i have windows . 
  catch-a-krieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeg !, 
  aww shit man , you got that new psycho feller , huh ? 
  damn . 
  well i 'd be purtty damn happy if you sent that my-a-way . 
  i do n't have much ta offer ya , considering roland pays me as much one of them damn hyperion robots . 
  i 'll tell ya man , the adventure 's i 'd have with krieg would be crazy as hell !, 
  maybe he can teach me how to finally get with ... well ... someone that is n't actually related to me or develops suicidal thoughts on the account of my underrated poetry . 
  this is a bigger deal than that there time moxxi got me that hookup with ellie . 
  krieg is also an old friend of mine - and by friend i mean asshole that ruined my momma 's lady parts so i 'd be more than excited to take his unfortunate ass off ya hands . 
  but ya know , besides all that ... you 'd make me the happiest mechanic alive , you awesome sumbitch !!, 
  i 'm from ohio !, 
  i 'll be free all day today and tomorrow . 
  i 'm working on krieg , so if you 're around level 10 , that 's perfect . 
  message me if you 're up to play . 
  i 'm on now . 
  just sent you an invite !, 
  i would hold the sky . 
  made by [ nick keller . 
  ] ( http://nickbkeller.blogspot.com/ ), 
  i 'm 18 and i 've asked for star wars legos the past two christmas 's . 
  fuck yes . 
  honestly , yours is fucking hilarious . 
  i upvoted you . 
  fuck , this is tight !!!!!, 
  are you serious ? 
  i walk into huntington bank 3 times a week . 
  ohh the karma i 've missed out on ... 
  reminds me a lot of the music video for handlebars by flobots . 
  what mods were used in this ? 
  i do n't know why this is so hard to understand ... 
  i just want to know , from the people who are going to buy the new xbox , why they would like to buy it even after all the bad press . 
  it 's a self-post . 
  this is the most perfect answer . 
  thank you . 
  to anyone who cares , the percentage for this fight is .07 % . 
  i just bought it , i shit you not , 30 minutes ago . 
  i do n't have a ps3 , but a friend of mine said i could use his . 
  i hope it 's worth it ... 
  i 've played about a total of 4 hours . 
  not a single regret has surfaced . 
  made by [ sakimichan . 
  can you recommend me books of plato and socrates ? 
  especially russell , i 'll give him a try . 
  this might belong in / r/notamethaddict,
