  the backstory i made in my head is awesome . 
  it 's all just so awesome . 
  it sucks to hear that but that doctor * was * being a realist . 
  from what i remember , this was posted on reddit months ago as oc . 
  the guy who posted it was the guy in this picture and later down in the thread , he said that the girl eventually broke up with him . 
  iirc , someone asked why he did n't bulk up and lift to match the way his gf looked to which op later responded that she broke up with him most likely because she could do better now that she looks better . 
  you might really like [ the bet . 
  ] ( http://www.eastoftheweb.com/short-stories/ubooks/bet.shtml#7 ) it 's a short story , only about 13 paragraphs long . 
  because of [ this post . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/1uh7n8/if_this_post_gets_2000_upburgers_circlejerk_will/ ), 
  is it just me or do i never face assholes ? 
  any time i ask for help , i usually get a pretty straight forward answer . 
  hahahahha you fucking made my day . 
  which episode ? 
  i just started the 4th season and do n't recall this . 
  am i too late, 
  how do you do that ? 
  i dont see that option . 
  you made me spit out my late night cereal . 
  as a 6 ' 4 '' guy , you 're stunning . 
  top comment says well . 
  you 're fine , just lose the weight . 
  dude , definitely get it cut . 
  new hair man . 
  just get it cut . 
  try it out , it always grows back . 
  as a straight guy , you 're a 10/10 . 
  do n't see too much to change . 
  you 're a liar . 
  go talk to them first !, 
  just saw this comment . 
  maybe some other day man , hahaha . 
  * u wot m8 ?!, 
  what english speaker gives a hell about bref ? 
  i youtubed it , gave it a chance for 30 seconds , and concluded `` fuck this '' . 
  it 's in french so it 's not gon na be great at all to an english speaker . 
  hanging out with my bestfriends from highschool . 
  they 're druggies now . 
  life has its left hooks . 
  you could have guessed it was a spoiler just by `` at the end '', 
  i made a cool bridge once, 
  really digging this one . 
  flawless victory . 
  you need a dick in your ass . 
  you should ride a dick instead of your high horse . 
  not bad looking . 
  the hair man . 
  you look like my balls with that hair . 
  not ugly , just the hair . 
  you 're a fucking liar . 
  literally , you stole that last photo . 
  dude fuck the ratings , you met jasper . 
  did you meet the rest of of ? 
  oi ya got a pretty big head on yee shouldas m8, 
  oi clean ya dam shirt m8, 
  oi uve gt a lazy ey m8, 
  you look like you 're fun as hell to chill with, 
  oi u look pissed m8, 
  fuck you/10 personality, 
  you look scary af, 
  oi ya gt a pizza face m8, 
  like a 17 year old prick . 
  you kinda come off as aggressive . 
  you look more badass with the beard . 
  sell the cat shirt immidiately, 
  you 're fine , do n't worry . 
  keep the glasses on at all times, 
  idk . 
  you look fine , just come off as aggressive . 
  i honestly do n't see anything wrong with you . 
  you 're face is super cute and i love your hair . 
  you 're really pretty !, 
  monkey ears m8, 
  oi u gt a long face m8, 
  oi cute m8, 
  is it raining dust in the background ? 
  windows 7 . 
  this sounds perfect . 
  can 7 do anything like that ? 
  windows 7 . 
  ahh , thanks !, 
  damn . 
  cute . 
  nahh dude , you 're fine, 
  very cute . 
  maybe something with your hair ? 
  i still like tit he way it is now but that would be the only thing i 'd recommend to change . 
  chubby . 
  lose the weight and keep the short hair . 
  beard looks good too . 
  not bad looking , just minor improvments . 
  you 're good looking for a 31 year old . 
  you look pretty fucking cool to chill with . 
  oi ya look squinty m8, 
  braces m8, 
  oi lose w8 m8 and fokin smile . 
  i 'd consider finding something to do with your hair . 
  you have an 8/10 everythign else but the hair reallllllly puts it lower for me . 
  cute . 
  ayy man , do n't be hard on yourself .
