  it can do some unbelievable things . 
  hope all is good !, 
  totally jealous of that helmet . 
  hhaha we 're staying extra careful . 
  we have a platform built on top of a mountain ( you can see my house in the picture . 
  it was a nerve wrecking experience to make ) . 
  that helped . 
  we immidiately go to our house before sunset , then get ready to sleep . 
  watch the fuck out for creepers though , they 'll be there when you wake up . 
  had a few close calls . 
  i wish i could give you reddit gold . 
  oddly enough , i just never noticed there was a reply . 
  if my word means anything to you , you 'll get reddit gold one day on a random comment from me . 
  damn . 
  good call . 
  they just pull the fire alarm ? 
  thanks . 
  i was in the sample rooms and it did n't occur to me to bring a fan . 
  seemed nice in them . 
  was n't too much a fan of the bulger ( ? ), 
  dorms . 
  ca n't remember how to spell it . 
  blastoise seems to match with nearly every pokemon quite well . 
  no , not yet . 
  i liked spicer but it 's far away from most other academic buildings ... 
  i did n't like bulger , i know that . 
  this . 
  are there ethernet outlets or do you mean for lan ? 
  also , i heard you can dorm on a floor of people in the same field as you . 
  my bestfriend is going to akron but i 'd rather dorm with people of my field just so i can stay on top of academics . 
  this is kickass . 
  i love that game . 
  i may be the only one to know this is from the boondocks . 
  fuck you . 
  my pants colors are mixing due to all the semen this makes me shoot . 
   http://www.sparetirecovers.com/customtirecovers.html for anyone interested in where i got the tire cover , you just send them the image and they put it on a cover . 
  not sure if you saw his comment . 
  i do n't know anything about coding or programming . 
  i literally have no sense or reason to post anything . 
  for anyone reading this now , what did the top comment say ? 
  try / r/askscience, 
  a adventure . 
  a adventure . 
  * twitch *, 
  it 's the 94 that did it for me . 
  how much lsd are you on daily ? 
  secret ... so was i. 
  what game is this ? 
  ... he has 8 downvotes ? 
  ahh . 
  well then . 
  when people start ama 's with `` reddit , blah blah '' . 
  seriously . 
  we fucking know you 're asking reddit . 
  no need to say `` hey reddit '' . 
  i did n't have to with the other one ... 
  did n't have to with the other one . 
  shit , thanks man !, 
  i listened to this and did n't like it . 
  i have an open mind but ... ehh ... 
  fuck you , faggot . 
  that whole milk one is bullshit . 
  i do n't understand why people are so critical of it . 
  it 's honestly fantastic . 
  it 'll get reallly fucking good in the third act . 
  i lost it after the edit . 
  you can have my upvote but you 're pretty far in the whole , lol . 
  totally agree . 
  i did n't go to school with the guy , but bob stoops , the head coach for the oklahoma sooners football team , is my mom 's cousin . 
  pretty kickass guy . 
  mike is extremely quiet around family , not too fond of him . 
  never met mark , and if i did , i was too young . 
  i see ron somewhat frequently at family gatherings . 
  i attended his mooney football camps growing up . 
  their mom , dee dee , is one of the sweetest ladies i know . 
  i took a swing . 
  looks like a crying panda . 
  i * just * put her as my phone backround 2 days ago . 
  i disagree . 
  they work for me . 
  i have your res tag as `` funny guy in / r/military '' . 
  i like the connection i 'm seeing here . 
  keep your hopes high and your head higher , man . 
  have a good tomorrow . 
  what is that , a picture for ants ? 
  you should post this in / r/iseeyou, 
  can i ask what happened?o.o, 
  holding such a creation is an honor . 
  i 'll try harder . 
  i fucking love it . 
  do n't know why there seems to be so much hate . 
  if you want to play a gears multiplayer that feels like gears 3 , then go play gears three . 
  sounds like you just want a recycled gears 3 but with new maps and weapons . 
  well , too bad , because it 's different . 
  i love the fact that all the starting weapons are * almost * perfectly balanced . 
  do n't get pissed you did n't win a 1v1 because you had bad luck or just missed a shot . 
  the game is pretty god damn balanced . 
  team deathmatch is kickass now that i do n't have to deal with suckass teammates taking all the damn lives . 
  i get what you 're saying though . 
  i do miss the whole `` last person standing '' feeling , but hey , it 's a new game and it 's not like there 's too much to do about it besides voice your opinion .
