  that was fucking awesome . 
  it 's inside you . 
  keep looking . 
  can someone explain the conversation between baelish and varys in which baelish talks about chaos being a ladder ? 
  i did n't get it at all . 
  thank you so much !, 
  i legitimately laughed for a good 20 seconds . 
  thank you . 
  that was fucking hilarious . 
  fuck you . 
  no idea what happened to you . 
  i visited rome and a lot of places in germany . 
  i 've never seen nicer people in all of europe then when i did in rome . 
  i have no idea what warhammer is but i completely understood what happened thanks to that text . 
  this is fucking awesome . 
  that kid in the white is a prick for using such a cheap tactic . 
  why do i get this creepy ass vibe from that picture . 
  you never actually edited asshole, 
  futurama reference . 
  lol, 
  i do year long running but have a question about an upper body lifting routine . 
  i just started doing this, 
  monday : chest & shoulders, 
  tuesday : bi 's & tri 's, 
  wednesday : chest & back, 
  thursday : bi 's & tri 's max day ( every two weeks ), 
  friday : chest & shoulders max day ( every other two weeks , separate from the same week as bi and tri max day ), 
  saturday : relax day . 
  i run every day , so i have n't done leg days . 
  is this an okay routine ? 
  please no god damn `` never skip leg day '' jokes . 
  i know , i know . 
  man , that guy is a raging fucktard . 
  damn , alright . 
  by any chance , do you know of the safest way to root an s4 ? 
  i 've googled it and found a few ways but i 'm not phone-savvy enough to which ones are n't worth my time . 
  [ check my other post out . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/1oik5s/ive_been_looking_for_over_an_hour_and_cant_find/ ), 
  i apparently need a root . 
  i know exactly what you 're talking about though , i used to have a droidx2 . 
  the s4 does n't show that option . 
  yes , that 's my end result . 
  i think i 've found a fix though . 
  i can transfer all my pictures to the remaining little memory on my sd card and use a microsd adapter to transfer it from that to my pc . 
  have another idea ? 
  shit man , i hope you had a good day though . 
  i 've never seen this in my life . 
  not all reposts are bad . 
  spies wins it for me . 
  i am highly uninformed but i simply thought we sleep because it gives our bodies time to rest and rejuvenate . 
  there 's other functions to sleeping ? 
  what are they ? 
  are you sure ? 
  the proof provided seemed pretty legit . 
  yes , i do know it 's / r/circle jerk but that twitter account and the tweet provided seem pretty legit . 
  ahh , thank you !, 
  seriously . 
  that was fucking amazing . 
  see you ... space cowboy ... 
  harbinger of pain *, 
  i hate you . 
  did this actually happen ? 
  damn straight it is . 
  space engineers . 
  it 's alpha now but just wait . 
  fuck man , now i 'm sad . 
  suck a dick . 
  you still have n't . 
  i do n't think this is that cringy . 
  this was pretty funny . 
  alright . 
  so i 'm unable to use them right now ? 
  i can build a cave, 
  am i still able to get some 3 hours later ? 
  that 's the point though . 
  it 's to give you a sense of what it would be like . 
  holy flying shitballs this is fucking amazing . 
  this is perfect, 
  it fucking sucks . 
  no idea what to play now besides wow , lol , battlefield 4 , or minecraft . 
  : / just wanted to play some skyrim ... 
  not gon na lie , that creeps me the fuck out . 
  i would love that tv . 
  / r/wtf is n't wtf at all . 
  you 're a redditor for more than a year , remember when it was all gore and shit ? 
  where did you get homeworld 2 ?!, 
  i lost my disc from when it first came out but never thought about googling it . 
  did you have to buy it or get it for free ? 
  had to check if this was from / r/gameofthrones for a second . 
  * boom *, 
  i honestly hated this movie . 
  i had no clue what the hell was happening , it just kept switching time periods . 
  ahh , that makes much more sense . 
  i only watched half of it before i got irritated enough to turn it off . 
  hearing that it 's a book would make more sense . 
  this seems a lot easier to understand via reading than movie imo . 
  merry christmas and have a happy new year !, 
  do n't tell me not to upvote you . 
  upvotes all around . 
  this is awesome .
