  graphics we 're great , like 3x better than diablo . 
  if i could give it a genre , it would be a diablo clone . 
  not sure of it 's genre . 
  can anyone help me find the post ? 
  i check the / top of the two subs but did n't find it . 
  this is pissing me off so much . 
  i ca n't find the fucking option . 
  it keeps telling me i can edit my appearance and discover more with the explore tab . 
  i 've already done everything i think i could possibly do . 
  can someone please help ? 
  i do n't know what it is about this champ but i can not get the hang of her . 
  people keep saying she 's an easy hypercarry and i 've come to the conclusion after 10 games that that is easily not the case . 
  i 've tried different rotations and stuck to hextech gunblade as my first item and adapted from there . 
  i think it 's honestly my rotation or who i play against . 
  for rotation , i max q first btw , i use my q , give it some time , then r , e , q , r then i just button smash from there ... either e or r if it 's up . 
  the worst games i 've had were when i faced a viktor and talon . 
  i could n't do anything . 
  i played safe and farmed under tower , but god damn i could not out damage either of them . 
  also , should i auto attack the q mark or e it ? 
  any help or guides you guys could link me to ? 
  i do n't know what to do with myself . 
  can i play a different class and still find the new legendary seasonal bow ? 
  do paragon levels carry over from normal characters ? 
  is it really worth it to make one ? 
  just checked with a few friends and they say they 've been losing more than they gain . 
  i remember seeing posts about this but idk if there was ever a conclusion . 
  i do n't remember it being like this in season 4 . 
  it says `` services were performed for a client on december 31st , in the amount of $ 1,900 . 
  the client did not pay , nor has the client been billed . 
  ( hint : this transaction has not yet been journalized . 
  any help ? 
  i think i have to credit unearned service revenue but i 'm not sure what i 'd debit . 
  we 're positive it 's the power supply . 
  seasonic m12 is the psu . 
  things we 've tried :, 
  plugged it into multiple other outlets that we know for sure work . 
  held the power button to discharge any electricity . 
  left it to sit for the weekend and hope it works . 
  used my own psu power cable to plug into his and the wall . 
  we 've checked all the wires and everything seems to be fine . 
  coincidentally , this happened to mine but mine fixed itself so i could n't help much . 
  not really sure what to do . 
  we do n't know for sure if the psu short circuted and we think that may be the problem but we just ca n't believe that . 
  we 're rearranging our dorm room and simply moved our computers . 
  plugged them both back in , mine started , his did n't . 
  any ideas ? 
  i 've upgraded my houses and commerce buildings to max but for some reason i just ca n't get my office buildings to hit level 3 . 
  i have stadiums , parks , bus routes , metro routes and everything swimming throw my rows of offices but no matter what i do , they stay level 2\u00a01/2 . 
  any tips ? 
  more of a rant , but i just played two games that had 2 ( probably more ) people of all tier 4 planes while i 'm barely in tier 3 and still using tier 2 planes . 
  it 's not fair the the fucking slightest . 
  i get outclassed and outgunned so easily , it 's ridiculous . 
  i just ca n't get over it . 
  they 're absolutely garbage compared to bf 109 's , fw 190 's , a6 's , and spitfires . 
  the model does n't matter . 
  if you play one of those planes , you will beat an american plane whether it be through boom and zoom , dogfighting , or just fucking turning . 
  no matter how much speed you put into your turns , the counterparts to the american planes will beat them at it , out maneuver you , get behind you , and kill you . 
  it 's just absolutely ridiculous . 
  they 're the only faction i play for planes and no matter what tactic i 've used , i will always get outclassed . 
  i 'm currently working on the first tier 4 planes and i 'd like to see how it goes but it 's most likely going to go the same way it has been since the start of tier 2 . 
  has anyone else ever experienced this before ? 
  after i delete a road , then say maybe i rebuild it a bit different , traffic seems to act like there 's a stop light where i just recently reattached my redone road . 
  for example , i want to look at my population change , birth rate , and death rate . 
  i want to see if there 's correlations between them . 
  the problem is that population change is measured in the 100-thousands while the birth and death rate are in the high 100 's so all i have is a steep population line and 2 flat lines that offer me no info . 
  is there anything that can let me see things overlap ? 
  i honestly do n't even know where to begin my assumptions . 
  the stickied mod post does n't help much . 
  i 'm really hoping it 's not some preorder shit like those blue angel wings are ... 
  i saw this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laafgkijxm8, 
  and assumed that they 're now ( some ? ), 
  lootable , idfk . 
  how do you acquire wings , if possible ? 
  1 . a particle is moving with acceleration a ( t ) = 6/t ^ 2 . 
  find the position of the particle at time t if v ( 1 ) = 8 and s ( 1 ) = 3 . 
  a ball is thrown upward upward from the bottom of a 30 ft hole with an initial speed of 50 ft/s . 
  find the height above ground level after t seconds using a constant deceleration of 32ft/s ^ 2 . 
  was given :, 
  cash, 
  accounts receivable, 
  merchandise inventory, 
  prepaid rent, 
  office supplies, 
  office equipment, 
  accumulated depreciation : office equipment, 
  accounts payable, 
  sales tax payable, 
  capital stock, 
  retained earnings, 
  sales, 
  sales returns and allowances, 
  cost of goods sold, 
  purchased discounts lost, 
  utilities expense, 
  office supply expense, 
  depreciation expense of office equipment, 
  rent expense, 
  insurance expense, 
  salaries expense, 
  income tax expense,
