  i watched a 10 minute gameplay video from the very beginning . 
  i kept hearing about this damn game so i had to check it out . 
  after i watched the video , which btw , was a total of something like 30 minutes , i thought it looked amazing and i only watched but a glimpse of it . 
  i do n't own a ps3 but i have money laying around for me to just spend it willy nilly . 
  gon na play it at a friends house . 
  so ... is it gon na be worth it ? 
  exactly how it 's titled . 
  books that kind of focus on `` being '' . 
  stuff on reality . 
  i honestly ca n't describe it . 
  if you get the gist of what i 'm saying , please and thank you !, 
  if you do n't , google might describe metaphysics better than i can . 
  also , when doing push ups , is it more beneficial ( harder ) to do them with feet up on a chair , or do them with feet on the ground and you push off an elevated surface ? 
  title says it all . 
  title says it all . 
  [ this is my armory . 
  ] ( http://us.battle.net/wow/en/character/drenden/varrok/simple ), 
  my rotation is basically it , ps , then a mixture between waiting for os , ff and hf . 
  i do about 45k dps . 
  i see people doing 60k-120k all the time . 
  is it my gear ? 
  is it my rotation ? 
  what can i do to be a better dk ? 
  i 'm currently building a desktop and it 's finished but i 'd like to have my second internal hard drive mirror my first . 
  i 'd like to have everything i download and all the information on my first hard drive to go directly ( mirrored ) to my second hard drive in-case my first one dies/breaks/crashes . 
  any advice on how to do that ? 
  i 'm staying in berlin with my friend rachael for 3 weeks . 
  we 're staying with a foreign exchange student that lived with rachael a few years back . 
  i have some places in mind i want to visit but other than that , i 'm clueless . 
  not only that , but i 'd also like some advice on what to bring/pack and maybe even some tips on the general public . 
  i 'm gon na bring my laptop , clothes , my camera , a journal , and i do n't really know what else . 
  some questions :, 
  what do most europeans/germans think of americans ? 
  what are some kickass places to go to in berlin ? 
  i drink , so bars are welcome . 
  should i bring some american food ? 
  i hear there 's a little bit of a `` taste gap '' . 
  beside 's nazi 's , is there something else i should never bring up in conversation ? 
  what are some absolute must see places ? 
  i think i heard that they restart every saturday at midnight . 
  i could be wrong . 
  i feel so fucking stupid about this game . 
  i 'm playing a normal campaign and i 'm kicking ass but every time i play my friends , i get my ass kicked . 
  i even mix it up a bit . 
  i ca n't tell you exactly what i do because i not only wing it , but i last played yesterday and do n't remember . 
  where can i get some type of strategy guide or online tips/videos ? 
  not someone who worked for a company , but some random citizen who just did something and it had huge repercussions . 
  i accidentally hit some god damn buttons on my keyboard while button smashing that apparently turned my computer screen 's color to some type of `` warm '' setting . 
  i go into control panel to change it by going into the appearance  display  then selecting and performing `` calibrate color '' . 
  it fixes the problem b turning the color scheme back to normal but if i close my laptop or even restart it , it goes back into it 's `` warm '' colors . 
  any advice ? 
  i accidentally hit some god damn buttons on my keyboard while button smashing that apparently turned my computer screen 's color to some type of `` warm '' setting . 
  i go into control panel to change it by going into the appearance  display  then selecting and performing `` calibrate color '' . 
  it fixes the problem b turning the color scheme back to normal but if i close my laptop or even restart it , it goes back into it 's `` warm '' colors . 
  any help or advice ? 
  are they used in combat ? 
  out of combat ? 
  i have no idea and all the information i 've seen does n't help . 
  i 'm starting [ german volume training ] ( http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/luis13.htm ) , and i have no doubt that it works , but i 'd also like to know what you 've done that 's worked well . 
  thank you !, 
  i have no other place to turn to . 
  i figured this subreddit would be the best . 
  edit : thank you everyone . 
  looks like i 'm going to root my phone . 
  just as the title says . 
  i went to europe a few months back and took thousands of pictures which now occupy almost half of my phones memory . 
  i have no idea how to root my phone and i do n't wan to fuck anything up . 
  any help or advice please ? 
  i just bought it a few hours ago and the guys on my floor watched me play it . 
  we all had scream moments . 
  fuck this game . 
  at the 20:35 mark when he walks into rapture records , the shop owner plays that famous violin song from the previous bioshocks . 
  the store owner says it 's by trenet but covered by mr. reinhardt . 
  can anyone help ? 
  can older versions work with 1.7 ? 
  funniest circlejerking i 've seen in a while . 
  i 'm not too good in math ( college freshman ) , but my friend just showed me this and i 'm baffled . 
  is it possible to regroup parentheses like that ? 
  i feel like the point of having satellites is so when you transmit data across the solar system , the data % is n't lowered so dramatically . 
  is that true ? 
  just wondering . 
  i 've googled everything i could and could n't find the purpose of satellites . 
  have n't been on in a while . 
  got on . 
  searched for some servers . 
  basically , 95 % of all servers are 0/x . 
  does no one play anymore or am i having problems ? 
  all i 'm searching for is rush and currently there is only 6 servers with a population higher than 0 . 
  what 's the song at the end , not the credits song , i 've checked . 
  it 's right before the credits song . 
  it 's when ellie just got done hearing that joel promises everything was true and she 's just standing there . 
  it 's a continuous strum . 
  that 's the only part i know . 
  i 've checked the last 5 songs of the soundtrack but do n't hear it , i think it 's just some isolated part . 
  i 've been searching for hours off and on . 
  i ca n't link anything as i 'm on mobile but it 's also used in the beginning of the last of us ( a new dawn ) . 
  i 'm not good enough to play it by ear . 
  any help at all ? 
  i 'm going to be selling a 2012 asus laptop to a friend and want to wipe all the stuff i 've downloaded off of the hard drive . 
  i still want to keep the factory settings and applications on it , so i do n't want to wipe the computer entirely .
