  i highly recommend the asus republic of gamers laptops . 
  i believe the model is g75w . 
  might have changed , but asus has been my go to . 
  had one before i built my desktop , loved it . 
  fuck you , take pride in victory . 
  glad to help . 
  i like to browse them like reddit , lol . 
  they do help you gauge how many people old games so they 're very handy . 
  or read the first few paragraphs of his wikipedia article lol . 
  now before i try this , how do you get out of it ? 
  i pre-ordered it . 
  fantastic game growing up . 
  digging this . 
  is that cover art from `` 5 centimeters per second '' ? 
  there 's a video that got a lot of upvotes that had a leblanc kill someone while barely living ( i think ) and she secured the kill o lt because she used dfg . 
  she then typed in chat `` ty dfg '' . 
  that video was posted around the same time dfg was announced to be removed . 
  i think that 's where it came from and a lot of people rolled with it . 
  are you yeezus, 
  i would love one and would gladly pay for one !, 
  ellie !, 
  i 'm a huuuugggeee fan !, 
  thanks for being such an amazing actress !, 
  what do you do in your free time and what 's your favorite movie of all time ? 
  thanks again !, 
  strong words op , really gave me tingles , ty . 
  love it !, 
  is warwick an lol reference or something else ? 
  uhm ... did you smite the golem ? 
  are you asking for help at 70 or for leveling ? 
  i have a dh that i main and carried myself to 920 paragon level . 
  have n't leveled in forever but i can definitely try to help . 
  what if everything was spiders, 
  not in the slightest . 
  it 's an image/text board ( if that 's what you 'd call it ? ) . 
  you follow accounts/people based on what you like . 
  some people purposely follow the social justice warriors just to see what the fuck they say and then go on to say `` tumblr is full of sjws . '', 
  ever hear of pinterest ? 
  it 's really similar to that . 
  you 're supposed to follow things you like , for example , i like deviant art , obsessed with a few video games , and really like avatar . 
  [ here 's what mine looks like . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/7tzxp ) some games , some shows , some art , some news . 
  kinda like reddit if you follow what you like . 
  seems like it only works on some screens , not all, 
  op , it might be called infinite, 
  my bad . 
  when i try to download something , it says i need an engine . 
  how do i download the engine from the client i downloaded ? 
  oh yeah , forgot he was the president of bosnia, 
  damn :(, 
  nice , digging this, 
  i liked it but there was more filler than gameplay . 
  no , i do n't think he does . 
  we do n't see anything . 
  everyone 's already given you links but here 's my two cents . 
  i have no clue about electronics . 
  not a single clue . 
  i 've only gamed . 
  when i was ready to build a pc ( by ready i mean acquired the funds ) , i simply ordered the pieces and was hoping for the best . 
  when i got all the parts , i was like `` fuck , well maybe youtube will help me out . '', 
  youtubed everything and have n't had a single problem . 
  that 's about it . 
  finished in about 2-3 hours . 
  it 's a lot easier than you think . 
  dammit . 
  that 's what i 'm using right now and what i have available . 
  did n't know you were supposed to strategically optimize what planes you used ... 
  i guess my goals are just to use the coolest planes . 
  i 'm not too serious about the game but love playing new planes so i always have the newest ones in my line-up . 
  i usually always have a bomber as well . 
  it seems like i get fucked up by the fw 110 's or yak9 's ( i think , i 'm going off of memory ) . 
  when i played bioshock on the 360 , i was in 7th grade . 
  did n't beat it till i was in 10th grade . 
  i replayed it last year and was n't scared at all thanks to how i played outlast . 
  run around quickly and talk to yourself calling everyone a fucking little punk ass bitch and have the mindset of a fucking honeybadger . 
  it helped me with the later stages of outlast by just getting pissed off and thinking in my head , sometimes out loud , `` anyone in here ? 
  who the fuck 's in here . 
  i swear to god i 'll beat all your stupid fucking asses , come the fuck out i swear to god . '', 
  that helped me . 
  lol , the hate ... 
  i can only get so erect, 
  why does he stream without a webcam ? 
  thanks , great mod . 
  definitely play 1 first . 
  they do n't really tie in together but there 's little mentions of actions in the first game . 
  have n't heard of that . 
  there 's no achievements . 
  do you play on a laptop or desktop ? 
  has this happened at all with other games ? 
  are you looking for a particular piece ? 
  i do n't think they have a dedicated bas soundtrack but there was some music from the b1 and b2 in there . 
  definitely play 1 before infinite . 
  i know it 's free , but ya got ta hold out !, 
  * wolf = tyler 's more innocent alternate personality, 
  * dr. tc = tyler 's counselor / mental therapist, 
  * sam = wolf 's nemesis in a way , he 's kind of a low life bully character, 
  * salem = sams girlfriend , who finds a liking for wolf, 
  * slater = tyler 's bike, 
  * syd = sydney bennett ( actual person , tacos sister ), 
  some help formatting,
