  now you have the ability to actually get some long kill streaks and play a decently long match . 
  i think it 's a good kind of new . 
  i absolutely love the new gears . 
  maybe they 'll add a `` retro tdm '' in time . 
  i would n't . 
  i do n't want it to recycle the way cod does . 
  ninja edit : i use the marzka . 
  i guarantee you i can win a 1v1 if you have a gnasher . 
  again , something different i like . 
  aww , someones upset . 
  you probably just suck ass at gears anyhow . 
  i completely agree with your opinion . 
  i love the new tdm . 
  you 're god damn right that everyone would just bitch if they just recycled gow3 . 
  this is n't wtf op , you fucking faggot . 
  how coincidental . 
  i love hiking . 
  i want to give you gold for that comment . 
  commenting to save for later, 
  what the fuck is going on, 
  i messed up your comment . 
  bad day . 
  rule 1 . 
  thank you so much . 
  did you read the note on that said something like , `` he 's coming . 
  do whatever you can to stop him . 
  remember , comstock has been to other universes and knows that booker is coming . 
  that guy is there , hired by comstock , to kill/stop booker . 
  the luteces , knowing that there is a man in the lighthouse waiting for booker , kill him . 
  why you ask ? 
  ( educated guess here ) because maybe that man is extremely skillful/deadly and kills booker in nearly all the universes beforehand . 
  one thing to remember : the lutece coin toss in the beginning of the game . 
  constants and variables . 
  if you count the tally marks on robert, 
  you 're playing in the universe where it 's bookers 122nd or 123rd try at rescuing elizabeth . 
  with that said : the twins know what 's up before the lighthouse . 
  the man is just a bystander hired by comstock . 
  tl ; dr he 's a man hired by comstock to stop booker since comstock knows he 's coming . 
  the luteces all know this , and kill him before they take booker to the lighthouse . 
  can someone link me this song ? 
  i know it 's girls just want to have fun , but i love this version . 
  remember in the end when you ride the bathysphere with elizabeth ? 
  in bioshock 1 , the only people who could ride the bathyspheres after/during the civil war were andrew ryan himself or his * relatives * . 
  this being said , booker is the one who should be looked at as being/a relative andrew ryan/of andrew ryan . 
  fink 's son ca n't be , in any way , andrew ryan unless fink is related to booker . 
  there 's an audio diary in bioshock 1 explaining that the bathyspheres could only be used by those with the same genes as andrew ryan . 
  i do n't feel like looking for it though . 
  each attempt is made at at the exact moment when the luteces open the tear in his office before the lighthouse . 
  one extra thing to look at is in the lutece 's lab . 
  on a desk in their lab , there 's a picture of the lighthouse and red marker on it saying `` the last obstacle '' stating that the man inside is the last obstacle to make this try work . 
  also , one thing was pointed out in another thread that all the trailers and early gameplay footage is ... past attempts of booker trying to rescue elizabeth . 
  boom . 
  kaboosh . 
  that blew my mind . 
  intact , one if the elizabeth 's in one of the trailers is seen at the final baptism . 
  she 's the farthest one on the left . 
  hope that clears things up !, 
  any more questions ? 
  haha . 
  ninja edit : i just readnume-noir 's comment . 
  i do n't remember seeing anything about that but that 's just my memory . 
  i 'm on 1999 mode and i 'm using a guide to find all of them . 
  do you play on steam ? 
  if you do , while in the main menu , do the shift + tab thing and on the right square of the three that are in your face , there will be a `` guide '' box . 
  click to see all the guides and there 's two in there that will show you the location of all the infusions and all the voxophones . 
  i did n't care for the sight seeing things . 
  hahahahah , that 's good . 
  got a good laugh out of that . 
  replying to save this . 
  hahahahahahahahha this is so fucking funny . 
  where did you get this ?!, 
  i had no idea where to look online . 
  could n't find anything . 
  i just want to buy the artbook . 
  the ocd in me is tearing me apart that the same powers are n't in the same column . 
  other than that , this is kickass . 
  why have n't you posted this in / r/bioshock ? 
  ninjaedit : this is amazing , btw . 
  agreed . 
  it was something a little newer but still kept the good bioshock feel . 
  in all honesty , i felt more `` attached '' to bioshock 2 's story , but i loved bioshock 1 's story a lot more if that makes sense . 
  damn fine observation . 
  hahaha , yeah , same here . 
  i kinda feel bad when i see posts that could be very useful in the other sub . 
  came here to say this . 
  a little tip to whom reads this : without brittle skinned , the charge vigor tactic was almost completely useless . 
  i had every equipment slot right , except brittle skinned . 
  luckily i got it after the fight in the graveyard . 
  yes . 
  almost exactly . 
  this game set a standard , for me at least , of what games should be . 
  if you 're into books , i can link you two that influenced infinite . 
  some other advice i would give is play some strategy games . 
  all the thinking gets your mind off of it . 
  this might be out of context as i 'm copying and pasting what i posted in another thread . 
   did you read the note on that said something like , `` he 's coming . 
  do whatever you can to stop him . 
  remember , comstock has been to other universes and knows that booker is coming . 
  that guy is there , hired by comstock , to kill/stop booker . 
  the luteces , knowing that there is a man in the lighthouse waiting for booker , kill him .
