  stupid questions , i know ... 
  upvotes around , learned a lot . 
  thanks . 
  fanfuckingtastic man . 
  is that a picture for ants, 
  you might be interested in the bioshock series . 
  while it is fps like , it is n't really run and gun ( though you could play it like that , i guess . ), 
  great story in all 3 games , the characters are all well made imo , and the voice acting is really , really good . 
  do n't let the `` fps '' style of the game ruin it for you . 
  the fighting is usually you clearing an area with an ambush here and there . 
  big daddy fights , depending on difficulty , could seriously make you blow through every bullet you have . 
  is there a way to see a countries military tech other than during a fight ? 
  i ca n't seem to find it ... is it in the ledger ? 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  okay , take a chill pill . 
  the dude is just saying some countries really benefit from being in the eu . 
  god forbid countries have different pros/cons on how they 're ran . 
  & yeah , it 'll be interesting . 
  maybe they could get some tips haha . 
  latter *, 
  one year, 
  man , i guess i 'll try this . 
  was only me and one other guy using the team chat . 
  was a rough loss : /, 
  where can you view stats like that ? 
  thanks . 
  yo this is fucking good !, 
  new phone background , thanks !, 
  how do you do that ? 
  are n't those only tips and tricks ? 
  yes !, 
  hahah it did n't help me :(, 
  woahwoahwoah wait up . 
  darksiders remaster ?!??!? 
  as a college student , it happens a lot around my campus . 
  fuggin sweet , thanks, 
  if you sign into this game looking to experiment with builds , play with friends , try new champs , to cool off for a game , or to generally have * some * fun , then do n't play ranked . 
  the only thing you get for ranked is borders ( silver + ) , a skin ( gold + ) , and poon ( diamond + ) . 
  have you updated it ? 
  it 's the new notifications button . 
  edit - whoosh ... 
  to give you a new example in the show the legend of korra ( spoilers ahead ) : at the seasons finale , the main character , korra , ended up being in a relationship with asami ( also female ) . 
  people were unsure , if on the last episode , the writers were going to ship korrasami or korramako ( mako being the male lover ) . 
  hotling bling by drake covered by daniela andrade . 
  gives it a much , much sadder tone . 
  damn , can you explain why ? 
  still learning the game . 
  i dont get it :(, 
  after watching this , i 'm almost convinced that while there may be an underlying story for the game , it 's all about what he 's dealing with in his life . 
  at 3:16 his friend says he used a lot of the stuff he 's dealing with in his real life as inspiration . 
  i do n't feel like finding time stamps but he also said you play as this guy in a ruinous world . 
  a * ruinous * world . 
  this guy was born into this world with a terminal dilemma fighting something that you ca n't without postponing the inevitable . 
  the black monster we fight in this game is his heart condition , something you ca n't defeat . 
  it 's shown that the drifter slices at it in the cinematic but it does n't even effect it . 
  the world is our world , the dead bodies in the water are those who 've died to the same heart problem that alx has . 
  i think the explosion in the city at the beginning is analogous to a persons heart stopping . 
  in the video he says `` i did n't plan on living past 30 . '', 
  what does it look like when the drifter is shown after the explosion ? 
  confused . 
  `` why am i here ? 
  why are n't i dead ? '', 
  the south region , a lab that studies/built ( pick your fan theory ) the giants is analogous to him going to the doctor . 
  the dead giant in the lab with his heart ( wrong side of the body tho ) ripped from his body is him probably going through surgery , the other 3 regions being something about his life . 
  idk if i 'm just botching this but after watching the first 5 minutes of this video , there is no `` super deep plot . '', 
  this is his interpretation of his life into a game with plot elements . 
  i mean , [ look at his dog . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/1vpds ) tell me you do n't see the jackal . 
  so many connections can be made . 
  timoney, 
  check out the others if you get the chance . 
  i just watched them while leveling alts . 
  you play any games on pc ? 
  i 'd be more than happy to squad up yo , i 've got a shitload of games . 
  maybe you could look into us education opportunities ? 
  i do n't know much about them but you may be able to live here and get an education for a bit . 
  damn straight it is . 
  nahh dawg , always good to have people to play games with . 
  if you 've already got a steam/b . net/anything account , lem me know and i 'll send you a friend request . 
  cute dog !, 
  how did you get those wings ? 
  `` yeah , 666 '', 
  you literally just posted a picture, 
  i loved the bloopers at the end with dl and biofrost . 
  any chance in a longer blooper video ? 
  thank god you stopped , jesus christ, 
  wait ... kickass torrents is gone too ???? 
  i have n't torrented in a while but i loved that site . 
  sweet summer child ... 
  i love when dunkey comes out with these videos . 
  i just can not stand is other videos . 
  love the beta but not the alpha . 
  i 've been looking into getting into digital painting . 
  mind me asking what kind of drawing tablet you use or recommend ? 
  dude ... 
  thank you so much ... 
  i really enjoy the dark souls 3 community . 
  i absolutely love chilling out to nujabes , particularly his departure album for samurai champloo . 
  so many memories from that amazing show and the music itself really , * really * gets to me . 
  not alone man .
