  the american inside me cringes . 
  the two bully 's still look pretty unsettling . 
  ever see the south park episode featuring the crab people ? 
  it 's just the crab people theme song . 
  is your name chad , chickie , or mike by any chance ? 
  can you describe the gameplay ? 
  i ca n't really get a good idea of it from the videos . 
  is it like any other game out there ? 
  are the `` classes '' balanced ? 
  is there a max level ? 
  what would you consider to be the lowest acceptable gpa ? 
  i 'm not socially awkward , but i do just sit there . 
  i sit here now wondering why the hell i do n't speak up . 
  i hate her smirk . 
  dude , read rule # 1 . 
  this kid ( not a friend ) got suspended twice from pulling his meat on the bus and the bathroom . 
  i do n't know who turned him in , but i do n't envy them . 
  damn fine christmas tree if i do say so . 
  hope your holiday 's kick ass !, 
  condoms are cheaper than a baby . 
  that 's not how that meme works . 
  parachutes - coldplay, 
  i ca n't even begin to describe it . 
  i 'm fairly close to unsubscribing . 
  i 'm getting tired of seeing a new animal every fucking day . 
  as an atheist , i 've never looked into judaism in depth . 
  looks like you top my list as best religion . 
  bluejays . 
  they only have a limited amount of birds you can use , lol . 
  what 's the funniest thing to have happened so far in production ? 
  there 's been too many scam stories on here to believe you . 
  merry christmas though . 
  how . 
  fucking how . 
  you just persuaded me to get it . 
  thanks !, 
  sounds kickass . 
  i just showed a friend of mine what you said and he said he wants it now too . 
  hope you had a rad christmas . 
  hope the new year treats you well !, 
  what 's the mod ? 
  wut am i looking at, 
  it 's better than average from what i 've heard average is . 
  thanks !, 
  how does one even think of this ? 
  commenting to save . 
  tyrone must be so envious . 
  must . 
  thanks everyone for the encouragement !, 
  what . 
  the . 
  i wish i could give you reddit gold . 
  i have yet to see someone ask *** what the fuck is that picture sitting on ? 
  it 's driving me fucking insane . 
  thanks . 
  guess i should 've sorted comments by submitter . 
  ... what ? 
  what 's stopping you ? 
  on image number 9 , op actually moved the eyes in the second frame . 
  i read that as `` hot load . '', 
  please tell me there 's more of these . 
  i * try * to do that good but result with some criticism and learning that i 'm a faggot . 
  and if you wanted to jack off , well , that still happened . 
  what the fuck does the title mean ? 
  what the fuck do the last two lines mean ? 
  jacking off . 
  just opened up blender after downloading it . 
  fuck that . 
  props to you for knowing how to use that thing . 
  how did you make them float ? 
  i understand you used the propellers as the propulsion but would n't you need them to be in equilibrium in the air ? 
  ac sisterhood . 
  someone rule 34 that shit . 
  fucking please . 
  fuck that game . 
  get space engine . 
  it 's free . 
  i have the whole series in ogm files . 
  if you tell me how to send you them , you can get it all for free . 
  go to / r/imaginarylandscapes . 
  they have some of the most amazing pieces of work there . 
  they also have links to imaginary creatures and stuff . 
  do n't let `` imaginary '' fool you , the shit in that subbreddit is astounding . 
  i want to give you gold so badly . 
  yes . 
  i 'm an atheist yet i have a mildly strong belief that the greek titan atlas holds the curvature of the universe on his shoulders . 
  i ca n't explain it all . 
  i do n't even tell my close friends . 
  a shader !, 
  seus with ovo texture pack . 
  i think it has to be ovo but i 'm not sure cause it works with default texture pack . 
  edit : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc1od826c7y, 
  i saw an incredibly helpful tutorial video . 
  i 'll look for it now . 
  you need the ultra optifine package . 
  remember to backup your saves because it instructs to re-update your jar . 
  just in case . 
  worked just fine . 
  just make sure to follow the instructions exactly . 
  modern medicine man .
