  been a redditer for 3 years now , 4th year coming up in january . 
  i 've got about 100 hours in the game off the top of my head . 
  i 'm actually in class right now and ca n't access steam but can link it if need be . 
  i enjoy this game a lot and love all the new ideas and creative things people come up with . 
  i 'm not creative or the best of the best at this game so i admire a lot of the work people post . 
  i 'm a third year cis student with some novice experience in programming but being on the computer is my hobby . 
  if i 'm not in class or playing video games , i 'm on reddit . 
  one of those people that refresh the page about every 3 minutes after checking my favorite subs . 
  currently subbed to 299 but can unfortunately only see 50 , / r/citiesskylines being one of those 50 !, 
  i think i 'd be a great candidate because i am literally on my computer any time i 'm at my house ( living in an off-campus house with some friends ) since there 's not much else to do . 
  i have a girlfriend who i spend time with on the weekends and also go to parties at night . 
  i go to bed around 10:30 and wake up at 6 to play games early instead of later ( east coast ) . 
  i will be honest and say that while i may not be the best guy you 're looking for that can do graphical/css/automoderator things for the sub , i am definitely your guy for checking mod queue , commenting regularly , contacting the admins , talking to subscribers with inquiries , and even helping others with mod help . 
  i have many , many hours on my hands as my school work is n't too demanding . 
  if you 're looking for a guy to sit around and do the simpler things that need done , i think i 'd be great for the position . 
  is it already spoiled for you ?!, 
  in the same boat . 
  i play a lot of mmos and mobas and have n't played a cod since blops 1 back when i played on console . 
  caved in and got blops 3 . 
  god damn its tight af . 
  fuck you man that 's gorgeous . 
  i ca n't build things with great detail , this is awesome . 
  not sure what they 're talking about . 
  i bought it and it runs just fine . 
  i 've heard everyone on all platforms have had problems , do n't think that pc is just the one being talked shit on . 
  it 's a fun game and i have n't had any problems . 
  already pre-ordered both dawg . 
  f u, 
  man , you forgot 4.20 . 
  welcome to heroes of the storm !, 
  how so ? 
  i love it . 
  people keep saying the menu 's and ways to exit are wonky but i got it down pretty quick and do n't mind it . 
  i do n't understand the hate . 
  why care so much for the graphics ? 
  are you not in it for the gameplay ? 
  i think it looks great and i 'm having an awesome time . 
  thoughts are with you from ohio . 
  stay safe , you 're in all of our hearts here . 
  from across the pond in the state of ohio , our thoughts and strength are with you guys . 
  wish i could see the wtc from here . 
  stay safe everyone , you 're in all of our hearts . 
  very well myself , thank you . 
  hoping the same to you as well . 
  not sure if you know but you can fast travel right to the railroad base !, 
  like , right inside . 
  you can fast travel out of it too . 
  do n't wan na spoil anything but have you seen the airship yet ? 
  how the hell was the karma system the hearth of their rpg system, 
  kill powder gangers = hey this guys is pretty good, 
  steal from powder gangers = wow fuck this guys, 
  thanks !, 
  & yeah , nothing serious involving python or anything like that . 
  not even sure what an ajax call is lol . 
  we 'll be emailing our files to the teacher in a . rar then he 'll open the html from there . 
  i 'm in html for freshman so i 'm not doing anything over the top and i do n't even think we 're supposed to make a multileveld website , just one that 's a homepage but i 'd like to go over the top and make one where the links work . 
  would having just a bunch of html files be okay ? 
  the blue glowing one in the distance or the washington monument looking one ? 
  i believe that 's diamond city . 
  i 'm 20/20 in my right and same 20/400 in my left !, 
  my left eye is a lazy eye but it became a corrected and does n't drift anymore . 
  is yours lazy or is it just bad vision ? 
  i would say your third pic is the best one . 
  you really are not ugly in any way , imo . 
  the only thing that i 'd work on is your eyebrows . 
  i 'm not sure where that eyebrow fad came from but maaaaaan , it 's got ta go . 
  i personally like black hair the most but your brown hair looks great . 
  you pull off the messy hair look really well and you do n't have a fat face , at all . 
  your cheeks and face are great , not seeing a chubby face . 
  i 'd say a good 8/10 yo . 
  not ugly yo . 
  hunters start with a pet now ? 
  you can see her in the original bioshock ? 
  i thought you meant the original bioshock plane , not bas plane . 
  you need to chill . 
  dude just said he 's having fun with it . 
  `` i 'm having fun '', 
  `` wow really ? 
  do you think you 're entitled to that opinion ? 
  quit trying to convince others its fun because you 're having fun . 
  quit having fun . '', 
  guy who deleted his comment messaged me lol, 
  this belongs on / r/mildlyinfuriating , holy shit that was long, 
  wow , that 's amazing . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i think i did it right . 
  i had to upload all the images to imgur which was tedious . 
  i have all the files , including pictures , in one whole folder . 
  we turn in exercises via everything in a rar file . 
  also , under change view , the middle one is the best . 
  what did you do ? 
  i 'm not catching it : /, 
  e. was it making the hr absolute?o.o, 
  thanks yo, 
  i built a really really cool bridge once, 
  thank you so much for that god damn tahm nerf . 
  because i get irritated when people do n't just use fucking google . 
  yeeup . 
  sorry for having a pet peeve . 
  can you explain that ?
