  you honestly do n't look that bad coming from a dude . 
  not sure about your weight but your face does look kinda round . 
  the only thing i 'd consider is maybe losing weight . 
  you look like a cool fucking dude to chill with . 
  oi m8 yee got some catapillars on yee face above ye eyes . 
  19 m here . 
  you look fine . 
  i 'd agree to wear darker colors though . 
  definitely . 
  oi the long hair needs to saty m8 . 
  yee look liek a dyke m8 wit teh short hair . 
  3rd picture , 9/10, 
  oi cut yo fokin hair m8 u got me pubes on ya head, 
  oi u wna fight m8 ?!? 
  your boyfriend is lucky , you 're cute as hell !, 
  i honestly do n't even have anything in mind to fix , you 're fine hahha, 
  oi lose w8 m8 , u still lok liek a good drinki pal tho m8, 
  cut your hair man for the lvoe of yourself . 
  look into different hairstyles . 
  and show your teeth . 
  smirks are unnacceptable, 
  cut the hair man or style it different . 
  kinda remind me of of michael cera, 
  this is amazing . 
  what is this from ? 
  can you elaborate some fun things you 've encountered ? 
  i always see funny videos of things happening but it seems like everyone is playing with their irl friends . 
  i 'm in college and all of my friends are conservative about their money and buying games . 
  huh , nice . 
  can you give me a noobie story of yours when you first started out , if you remember ? 
  you 're perfect, 
  you 're super cute !, 
  19/m here and i think you 're cute as hell , even in the pics you think are gross . 
  you 're super cute !, 
  cute face , tattoo , seem to be athletic ; 9/10 . 
  i think you look cute as hell . 
  huh . 
  damn . 
  : / why is it bad if they do that ? 
  if a policy is written very thoroughly and executes what needs to be prevented correctly , would n't it be nice to use it everywhere verbatim ? 
  oi m8 , do sumthin wit ya hair . 
  oi ur gorgeous m8, 
  suck a dick . 
  honestly , a new glasses frame would probably be best . 
  also , do n't wear the white-eye contacts in public , but with your closest friends . 
  gives off a pretty scary impression . 
  sure cute , 9/10 . 
  oi m8 ya hair is too long . 
  fokin cut it . 
  oi shave the mustasche m8 . 
  ya lok like a pedo m8 . 
  n do sumthin wit ya hair . 
  oi ye lok like the man from up m8 . 
  oi m8 get ot of the huricane zone, 
  i think you 'd look stunning if you cut your hair like the girl in pacific rim . 
  19/m here . 
  you look fine dude . 
  do n't see anything wrong . 
  would n't shave though , you look badass . 
  agreed . 
  i really do n't care for most indie games . 
  a good portion of them seem to be 16-bit . 
  i understand they are n't a full sized development team , but i 'd like to have a game with graphics at least as good as like , halo 1 . 
  i do n't know shit about developing so i really do n't know how difficult that can be . 
  you know there is n't a single-player , right ? 
  stay safe . 
  hope you 're doing alright . 
  perfect , thanks . 
  that 's terrifying, 
  can someone explain why please ? 
  where 's the vid for this ? 
  [ here 's the last thing he posted . ], 
  ( http://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1qivot/i_dont_want_to_die_however_i_also_dont/ ), 
  i do n't want to assume the worst ... 
  agreed , not ugly . 
  looks buff and cool as fuck . 
  a friend and i made it as a joke . 
  it 's just stupid humor . 
  yeah , this was actually pretty funny if you know tpp . 
  i chuckled, 
  sorry that i did, 
  just sitting here waiting . 
  thank you . 
  as a main garen , fuck vi !, 
  glorious beard, 
  oi dnt change a thin ' g m8, 
  keep tha hat m8, 
  show your face you pussy, 
  oi , u look familia m8, 
  i recently bought zed two days ago but this is too fast for me to understand . 
  can someone write out a play-by-play for me please ? 
  give me 10 minutes and i get out of my night class . 
  gold for you . 
  do n't know what to tell you man , you 're not bad . 
  keep up the confidence . 
  maybe you have bad habits ? 
  you look pretty cool to chill with . 
  is there a reason they 're being ddos 'd ? 
  shot in the dark right now , but i thought ddos ' were traceable ? 
  so freaking close .
