  [ removed ], 
  my dad 's wife has a laptop and recently got 2 monitors for christmas . 
  unfortunately , her laptop only has one vga slot but also has 2 usb slots . 
  she has a vga to usb adapter for the second monitor but usb only allows 800x600 resolution . 
  i do n't know enough about monitors or cords to know what to do . 
  any help or ideas ? 
  is there a vga hub sorta thing ? 
  i like white/generic armor sets and would like to know what all of them look like without having to sit through every cool head/shoulders combination . 
  i have not seen anything like that over google , any help ? 
  http://d3.transmog.me/ this site does n't help much, 
  it 's been 10 minutes and i 've analyzed [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enrdwk3i2ze ) and [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enrdwk3i2ze ) . 
  wtf are they doing to pull monsters together , im so pissed . 
  i have n't played the game in a few months so my memory is rusty but there 's a lot of information on the wiki about the intricacies of many individuals and the history behind some of the other islands . 
  i do n't remember coming across any of this in-game . 
  are there collectibles , books , irl content ? 
  spoilers episode 4, 
  i love scooter . 
  he 's my favorite character in this entire series . 
  he 's one of the reasons i even replayed 1 and 2 after i was completely done with the games . 
  i refuse to accept this as canon . 
  i ca n't handle this guys , i 'm fuckin teary eyed . 
  i know it was the only choice ... but come the fuck on ... 
  i 'm so sad right now , fuckin nose is snifflin and all this shit god fucking dammit fuck vallory . 
  i 'm dreaming for his return in this series ... 
  it was because of him that i was gifted krieg from a redditor . 
  some fucking shit man ... at least he got to leave doing some cool shit and got to ride a rocket ... rest in fucking peace scooter my man ... god dammit, 
  edit oh come on , even one of the satellite messages is from cowboy bebop ... 
  i know it 's a thing a lot of people really want but i 've never seen riot talk about it . 
  was just thinking about this because a 9 of my friends are playing a custom game and we can obviously all hear each other and it 's hilarious for ganks and objectives . 
  [ removed ], 
  off the top of my head there should be options for :, 
  * chat notification, 
  * lcs notification, 
  * champion volume in champ select, 
  * que pop notification, 
  * client sound effects, 
  * banned champ sound, 
  * champ lobby entrance sound, 
  ca n't really think of more individual sounds but it 's just kind of a quality of life thing . 
  it 'd be nice to just have my que pop notification , and that 's it . 
  i listen to music and usually on skype and all the extra noise is just ... idk , not really necessary i guess ? 
  you could obviously group some of those above into groups but it 'd be nice to have them individually . 
  i bring this up because if you disable sfx , you disable all sounds while some sounds like que pop and your turn in champ select are important to hear if you 're alt tabbed or have other noise going on . 
  i remember his goal was to never die and have a crazy ass kda . 
  i do n't know where to go to find updates on that guy . 
  [ removed ], 
  i asked the person on twitter who posted the screenshot but did n't get a response and do n't think i will any time soon . 
  anyone know what keyboard app that is or where i can get something similar ? 
  i was told about swiftkey but do n't like it and do n't think that 's where the keyboard in the image is from . 
  [ removed ], 
  was looking at this monitor but as i was going through other / r/buildapcsales posts of monitors that size and 1080p , a lot of comments were saying that it 's bad that it 's 1080p and that size . 
  i have a gtx970 and know that 4k gaming is just not going to give me great fps results so i kind of do n't want to get a 4k monitor , just a larger monitor from my 23 '' . 
  i have a gtx 970 and have been playing this game normally for 10 hours now . 
  i 'm in the east quadrant now and just got to a place underground with about 10 + enemies and the game started lagging . 
  ca n't really get through the area because of the fucking lag so input time is slow . 
  i love this game . 
  absolutely love the design and all . 
  the story seems so fucking cool !, 
  after reading multiple theories and making many on my own and interpreting so many ideas differently , i just feel like it 's all for naught . 
  i feel like there * is * a * concrete * plot but we just have n't pieced it together or it will be in dlc which i would n't mind . 
  just got a qnix 2710 monitor . 
  plugged it in and that is all i 'm getting . 
  ca n't get any menu to come up and not sure of any desktop settings that could fix it . 
  sorry for the vertical video . 
  just got a qnix 2710 monitor . 
  plugged it in and that is all i 'm getting . 
  ca n't get any menu to come up and not sure of any desktop settings that could fix it . 
  sorry for the vertical video . 
  just got a qnix 2710 monitor . 
  plugged it in and that is all i 'm getting . 
  ca n't get any menu to come up and not sure of any desktop settings that could fix it . 
  sorry for the vertical video . 
  just started it , a good deal through the west section and do n't have my gun yet ... 
  no clue what the advantages are , not even sure how to check that like they did with the capes . 
  did n't know about this until today when i was standing in front of one of the other computers to the left of the one that lets you change your capes . 
  sorry for the dual monitor screen shot , new to the whole two monitor thing . 
  what the fuck . 
  i spent an hour sitting here like a zombie to a beat in my head and this happens . 
  god dammit . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm 6 episodes in but was just told that ( spoilers ) in the first episode , during the flashback , the gods satan and zeus stopped bahamut . 
  well i went back to the first episode to kinda refresh my memory on what they looked like and was confused to see 3 gods . 
  there 's satan , zeus , and a knight that zeus summons . 
  is that zeus himself in god form while standing next to his smaller human form ? 
  or is that the knight of the prophecy ? 
  the king of storms ? 
  like , i 'm on him right now and the fight is going well , i 've killed the wyvern he 's riding multiple times but there 's also many times that i 've died due to the fucking camera unlocking when this god damn bird flies around . 
  did anyone else have camera issues ? 
  its not a problem when he 's on the ground obviously . 
  i 'm new to the series and have 53 hours in the new game . 
  i love it . 
  are there any good quotes from this game or the previous ones that you guys enjoy/remember ? 
  i do n't mean ng + . 
  i want to start over again and try a caster . 
  will it delete my previous level 156 knight ? 
  i 'm trying out pvp in pontiffs courtyard and most of the people hold their fucking weapons in the air and make it lightning or dark or some shit . 
  i get hit and its like half my health compared to what others without that do to me . 
  is it resin ? 
  it does n't work on anything i 've tried . 
  i do n't think i know how to properly use it .
