  what is this a redraw of ? 
  no clue why i did n't just google it ... thanks . 
  dear music fans ,, 
  today we are shutting down grooveshark . 
  we started out nearly ten years ago with the goal of helping fans share and discover music . 
  but despite best intentions , we made very serious mistakes . 
  we failed to secure licenses from rights holders for the vast amount of music on the service . 
  that was wrong . 
  we apologize . 
  without reservation . 
  as part of a settlement agreement with the major record companies , we have agreed to cease operations immediately , wipe clean all of the record companies ' copyrighted works and hand over ownership of this website , our mobile apps and intellectual property , including our patents and copyrights . 
  at the time of our launch , few music services provided the experience we wanted to offer - and think you deserve . 
  fortunately , that 's no longer the case . 
  there are now hundreds of fan friendly , affordable services available for you to choose from , including spotify , deezer , google play , beats music , rhapsody and rdio , among many others . 
  if you love music and respect the artists , songwriters and everyone else who makes great music possible , use licensed service that compensates artists and other rights holders holders . 
  you can find out more about the many great services available where you live here : http://whymusicmatters.com/find-music . 
  it has been a privilege getting to know so many of you and enjoying great music together . 
  thank you for being such passionate fans . 
  yours in music ,, 
  your friends at grooveshark, 
  april 30 , 2015, 
  hey man , i have the book you need . 
  are you taking the class over the summer or next semester ? 
  it 's pretty fun . 
  there 's always house parties going on outside of campus . 
  it 's nothing compared to the huge state colleges though . 
  the dorms are awesome . 
  it 's what you make of it . 
  if you 're a hermit , then dorm life will be exactly that . 
  talk to everyone on your dorm floor . 
  me and 5 of my friends from my freshman year are getting a house off campus . 
  you 'll meet some awesome people . 
  i 'm so out of the loop , what happened on twitter ? 
  i love using soundcloud . 
  oh , what the fuck . 
  turn it off when you get back to the home screen . 
  yeah , just like the oops said , i too am surprised you can play the game . 
  that graphics card is not made for gaming , it 's just a basic graphics card used in most low-end laptops . 
  not much you can really do man . 
  you playing on pc ? 
  pretty sure there is . 
  i have n't played kerbal in months , what is this ?!, 
  a mod or part of the game ? 
  there 's guns now ? 
  hahah , was gon na say ... thought i used it before . 
  glad you found it . 
  she just got a nerf a few months ago . 
  nice man , kinda looks like a little sister . 
  thats a picture for ants, 
  is it in english ? 
  i doubt that axes back then could do that . 
  while i do think that no matter what axe you used , it 's all about how sharp it is and i 'm assuming the techniques back then were not as honed as the ones we have now . 
  that axe looks like it 's been sharpened to the molecule . 
  anything that sharp could do that . 
  huni was looking to dethrone the god . 
  what a series . 
  the predictions , the map control . 
  just a great series . 
  also , when doing it clicking behind her for the move action , does one click just do the job ? 
  i feel like when i click behind her , i should see something ot expect something . 
  damn , alright . 
  thanks , was n't sure how much time went into it . 
  so you do n't have to click behind her ? 
  ahh , just 20 but it 's not too bad . 
  i do n't mind the graphics or the look , just the gameplay . 
  i think i 'm gon na stick to it . 
  damn , alright . 
  thanks . 
  is it really 40 + hours ?!, 
  i 'm assuming that 's exploring ( ? ), 
  and doing a lot of side stuff . 
  iiiight , i think i 'm gon na get back into it . 
  thanks . 
  alright , thank you . 
  i 'm excited to start the second one but got ta trudge though this first one . 
  oh god , should i read the books too ? 
  this is chill as fuck . 
  need to watch this show . 
  damn , i 'll have to get on it . 
  watching big-o right now . 
  click once every second , switch stances , and throw in a sign . 
  that 's it . 
  all you have to do is have ip and go into the store and look under the runes tab on the left . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/2s5snf/cheat_sheet_for_rune_pages_for_the_2015_season_as/ ) is a great cheat sheet for runes for this season . 
  now , that may all look like a lot of information but you only need to look at numbers 1,2 , and 3 of the first section . 
  they 're basically tiny additions of stats that boost certain parts of your champions attributes . 
  let 's take attack speed runes for example . 
  i have a joke rune page where it 's strictly attack speed runes and i have an increase 43 % as increase . 
  so , from the start of the game , my as on jinx is something like 1.40 or something . 
  i ca n't remember . 
  but that 's all they are , just items that boost your champions stats . 
  there 's a lot ranging from armor and armor pen to energy regen and move speed . 
  why do black people tend to not live in rural areas ? 
  i got ya back bruh . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ?
