  shit , i love this game , definitely adding that to the rest of them . 
  dumb question , but where did you get the news about the new dlc ?? 
  what are your video settings ? 
  i have a 970 too and was hoping to get 60fps , ultra . 
  not that i 'd be disappointed with lower settings but was just curious . 
  sweeeeet . 
  glad you 're enjoying the game !, 
  is that woman father mozgus ? 
  do you still need help ? 
   joe staton , director of cinematics, 
   jason jones , co-founder of bungie, 
  joe : `` ah yes , giant cortana . '', 
  jason : `` wow . 
  there was an alternate very early other version of the story where when he ( chief ) rediscovered cortana , she had gone , like , berserk with power . 
  she wanted to take over halo and the universe . '', 
  joe : `` what happened to that story ? '', 
  jason : `` it was too good . 
  we had to use this one instead . '', 
  ( lightly joking ), 
  joe : `` are you going to say you came up with the story where a woman became drunk with power and wanted to take over the universe ? '', 
  ( speaking at the same time ) jason : `` let 's not go there . 
  it 's sensitive ( this sentence was not subtitled and was spoken very quietly ) . '', 
  ( speaking at the same time ) joe : `` i do n't believe that for a second . '', 
  how in the world does him saying that atlas does n't shepard you around for one level reveal *** anything ? 
  did you see at the end title card it gave the bane if the song at the bottom ? 
  we need more of that . 
  people seemed to have missed the reference . . 
  ca n't tell if serious or not but `` me too thanks '' is basically the sub 's motto . 
  google image `` bee me too thanks '' . 
  could not find the original source for the life of me :(, 
  god damn , thank you !, 
  it 's just vidme ... what browser are you using ? 
  i think he 's talking about how shitty the image is . 
  takes away from the full `` woah '' effect . 
  beef between tsm org/fans/regi and monte . 
  gon na have to do your own research on that one since there 's a lot of information to gather . 
  damn , i did n't even think if that haha, 
  it 's fine for me , just hold your finger down on it then move it away . 
  if you have a nvidia card , you should have or get nvidia experience . 
  from there you can record your screen and upload it to wherever you need to have it in gif form if that 's what you 'd prefer . 
  what graphical mods are you using ? 
  like the pictures but man , tiny resolution . 
  oh man , i do n't think so . 
  what resolution is your monitor ? 
  i 'm on a 2k monitor but they do n't even seem like they 're 1080 . 
  not doggin ' on the post , love the pictures !, 
  just wishin ' they were bigger haha . 
  ahh , the resolution is n't bad , just have a small screen is all . 
  thanks for the post tho , need to revisit this game . 
  looks spicy but i feel like the outsider does n't have as dark as a tone as he does in the first one . 
  it 's also weird hearing corvo have a voice ... 
  i hope he does n't have too much dialogue but hey , it might be a good thing so we can hear more of his thoughts . 
  hard to form a solid opinion from the trailers but it definitely looks like it 'll be a day one purchase . 
  eager to play this sequal and delve back into that world . 
  how the hell do you not remember the outsiders voice ? 
  you 've played it twice but never remembered the tone of the narrator ? 
  if people can notice it in the trailer , then they 're going to notice in-game . 
  there is general american . 
  what you 've just stated are accents and they know as such that they 're accents . 
   the closest you can come is `` network tv newscaster english , '' but no one ( except tv newscaster wannabes ) consciously uses that or studies it . 
  this is wrong as well . 
  nearly everyone in the midwest speaks like this . 
  it has no twang or unclear articulations . 
  that is why it is used on national news . 
  it 's clear and a non-native english speaker can easily pick up on the pronunciations . 
  really digging this . 
  +3 for berserk, 
  finished the manga about a month ago . 
  fuck , this pisses me off so much . 
  i agree with that last one . 
  that 's great hahaha, 
  hahhahahah oh my god that was hilarious, 
  as someone who took about 3 weeks to read it all , man i agree with op . 
  did they have a plan ? 
  yeah that 's cool and all but what 're his plans for spring ? 
  how did they come up with that text ? 
  is it random letters written together or is it not english ? 
  i think the rule should stay . 
  do n't care about sob/personal stories , only game content . 
  got a mirror ? 
  video is no longer available . 
  i think he meant garen q. 
  i think he meant garen q. 
  this game is n't zelda or metroid and it does n't try to be . 
  while i agree that it makes it more difficult , i do n't think that makes it any less fun . 
  it 's been compared to dark souls as well even though it does n't present itself as such . 
  i think that 's a much more fair comparison . 
  what 's the thumbnail from ? 
  i customized the eq on my phone and the one on my pc and it still sounds sub-par . 
  about $ 100, 
  would you recommend an amp over a sound card ? 
  i spent 2 minutes looking for a sign or piece of paper . 
  where the hell is it ? 
  wow , really descriptive . 
  thanks . 
  is there a subreddit for cows ?? 
  thanks !, 
  i love cows haha, 
  uhh why ? 
  what about the people who make music for fun and like to just make some songs here and there ?
