  i * really * based this on the end-all build from the wiki for a friend . 
  i switched out the hard drive for a different one and my friend will be picking out a different mid tower case . 
  so it opens up with a kid infront of his house and he starts walking fown his street rapping . 
  he keeps running into friends and then he gets to the corner of his street . 
  on the corner of his street there 's two kids , maybe just one , smoking a bong . 
  this was posted to reddit but my google-fu is proving unsuccessful . 
  i 'm positive this was posted to videos , but it may have been posted to hiphopheads or listentothis . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  quick question to end the thread :, 
  will i need an upgrade to play gears of war 4 on ultra , 60fps on a 2k monitor ? 
  i 'm looking to get a 1070 for the new gears of war . 
  i have a 970 but have a 2k monitor and read that to run it at 1080p 60fps , you 'll want a 970 . 
  so because of that , i assume i 'll want an upgrade if i want to run it on ultra , 60fps on a 2k monitor . 
  i 've been looking at cards and do n't know which one is best . 
  is higher clock speed necessarily better ? 
  what are features i should look for ? 
  i have 5 fans ( including cpu fan ) in my build , would overclocking be too hot ? 
  should i get a 2-fan or 3-fan card ? 
  gears of war 4 is being bundled with some cards so that 's why i 'm looking to score a free copy * and * get an upgrade . 
  that link shows what cards are bundled with gow4 but i have no idea which one to get . 
  so i 'm working on a website for a javascript class and i 'm trying to make it look nice . 
  [ this is what my homepage `` directory '' will look like ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zrqscyh.png ), 
  my goal is that when someone hovers over one of those shapes ( stage 1 ) , it blows up into maybe a rectangle or some other shape ( stage 2 ) with info inside of it . 
  there 'd be a link inside of the stage 2 box linking to a new html file . 
  my question is the animation part . 
  i 've found two good links on this subreddit today that i think would help :, 
  it 's kind of a lot of information to take in and i 'm not sure which type of css code would be the one best suited for what i 'd like done . 
  am i in over my head ? 
  is that an expert level thing or something ? 
  i guess i could make them static shapes that have transitions inside of the shapes but trying my best to make it flashy , haha . 
  any tips or advice would be great , thanks !, 
  i have been stuck on act 3 , chapter 3 for the longest time . 
  you hold out against the swarm in the museum . 
  i can handle the first wave of only drones . 
  then the wave of only juvies . 
  but then ... then you just get swamped with them . 
  juvies coming up the front , drones who do n't give a fuck about cover and just run up to you from up the stairs behind you . 
  the whole time , the girl and del just dick around . 
  they kill maybe , idk , 3 to 5 juvies ? 
  useless . 
  i ` ts been about 2 hours now . 
  i just ca n't stand it . 
  any of you have tips for this specific instance at all ? 
  [ removed ], 
  so i 'm specifically asking about [ this . 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/shopping?q=tbn:and9gcrt6bn28mgcuo2hpavccu63ri7yztcxpg7rpid__2jkvmrdvqxpe9l4rjx8zfz3swpsovk0tbxoxa&usqp=cay ), 
  recently broke it on accident and was looking to get a new one . 
  now , i see a lot of these are made for specific models of laptops . 
  does the model of laptop they 're made for matter that much ? 
  and is there any reliable place to get them from ? 
  i keep seeing them from places i 've never heard of so i 'm uneasy about buying one . 
  & are the graphics dumbed down like they were at launch for the first one ? 
  i used the e3 mod for the first one . 
  setting up my steam link for a friends mac to play enter the gungeon but everytime we start the game , it brings up a mouse and the left stick controls it . 
  we downloaded a github driver for xbox controllers on mac as well but to no avail . 
  we 're really out of ideas here and we 've tried everything that came to mind . 
  the controller is n't even plugged into the mac , it 's the steam link . 
  ca n't even use the steam link without an input source . 
  edit : fixed !, 
  when he started enter the gungeon , he unplugged the controller from steam link into his mac . 
  worked perfectly . 
  i think the github driver helped with that as well . 
  i got a pair of sennheiser hd 598 cs headphones for christmas and they sound great but sound significantly better with my galaxy s6 then with my computer . 
  there 's barely any bass coming through my computer . 
  while it sounds clean and crispy , it does n't really `` pack a punch '' like it does with my phone . 
  i have no experience with amps or sound cards so unsure of which path i should take . 
  i have n't played the game in years and occasionally check out the subreddit . 
  there seems to be some uproar of using a program called ahk and osbuddy ? 
  so my server recently started using the tatsumaki bot which turns the server into a sort of meta-game . 
  well we made a channel that 's specifically for the bot and some of the time we 'll just say `` farm '' every two minutes to farm xp . 
  instead of making a bot that would do that via the developer application , is it possible to have scripts run on my own account ? 
  so i 've recently gotten a book from a witch while mining and would like to put it on one of my items . 
  for some background , i have n't played in years . 
  i do n't know where to begin with enchanting . 
  so far i 've looked at :, 
  i think i 'm just dumb or i ca n't find the correct information . 
  i do n't really care about repairing my items so i do n't think i 'd care to use an anvil . 
  should i use an anvil or an enchanting table ? 
  what do i need to do to make really good enchants ? 
  do i learn enchants or do i need to keep finding books ? 
  sorry if this is simple and i 'm just not understanding it . 
  i feel like a complete and utter jackass . 
  his name is right there at the top of gmail . 
  it says it . 
  right . 
  there . 
  he even signed his name . 
  i did n't just misspell it a little . 
  i completely left out two letters . 
  i was in such joy that i did n't even notice , i just typed how i pronounced it in my head . 
  i feel so shitty . 
  do i email and apologize ? 
  do i apologize in person ? 
  i feel like i just made the interview 10x harder ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  steps i 've already taken :, 
  checked to see if windows update forcefully turns on my computer ( not sure if it even can . ), 
  [ checked powercfg - lastwake in command prompt run as administrator .
