  no , i just do n't fully understand you . 
  : / just a tad bit of broken english , i think ... 
  holy shit , i envy you guys across the ocean who know a lot of languages . 
  rip, 
  i just started watching this !, 
  good show but the plot eludes me even though i 'm 17 episodes in . 
  how so ? 
  no need to worry man , you 're not ugly . 
  average busta flow with nothing really interesting to say , average youtube/soundcloud level production , nothing too great . 
  same, 
  1891 elgin national pocket watch, 
  renegades really looked like they were gon na win that . 
  freeze was a beast . 
  `` why do we have to lock in ? '', 
  rip in peace, 
  if you uncheck all the countries besies united states , pope boniface ii is shown . 
  what involvement did he have with the u.s. ? 
  or is it a code error ? 
   japanese night raiders are greeted with a lacework of anti-aircraft fire by the marine defenders of yontan airfield , on okinawa . 
  in the foreground are marine corsair fighter planes of the `` hell 's belles ' squadron . 
  t.sgt . 
  chorlest . 
  exact date shot unknown ( marine corps ), 
  completely agree . 
  tor is just not good . 
  lose w8 . 
  asol, 
  where does this guy live ? 
  if humanity ever goes back to the stone ages , this guy will be our tribe leader and i 'd like to serve under him . 
  seems like he has some good survivability . 
  nahh dude , you 're fine . 
  kinda remind me of ilovememphis . 
  yeah , mouse/kb is far more accurate than controllers . 
  aim assist makes the controller experience much more smooth . 
  ever try to kill a friendly in halo ? 
  have n't played 4 or 5 but in the older ones , it was much , much harder to stick your reticle to them . 
  read the notes, 
  could 've ctrl-f 'd it faster than the comment, 
  how do i tie a noose, 
  just started drawing about a week ago , i 'm sorry i 'm not good with proportions :( tried my best . 
  your skills may translate well from hots like 1v1 ` ing , cs ` ing ( even though hots does n't do that , you may be `` moba competent '' about it ) , maybe warding , and your k/d may be better than a true noob at the game . 
  nope , i finished the game when i was in high school and kind of felt attached to eleanor and was also at that similar age . 
  got teary eyed when i saw her during the first few seconds of the good ending which was my first ending . 
  that was absolutely hilarious , loved it . 
  i first thought that the guy pulled out the gun to rob the two of them since giving him a dollar showed they had money . 
  spend a disgusting amount of time on reddit , can help mod / r/imagesofohio, 
  i do n't think the malphite height is correct . 
  he is the size of a small mountain if i recall and his splash shows him much bigger than 10 meters . 
  agreed , shot would have been fired in less than a second . 
  hey , just found you through google and tried looking for discussion about this book . 
  ca n't find any . 
  how did you like the first book ? 
  he started talking like this when he came out with his first 15 minute long video about automation . 
  i dont like it . 
  i miss fast paced grey . 
  that is the most lack luster ult for such a cool champion . 
  nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh old news, 
  damn , do n't watch the podcasts . 
  : / thanks for the info !, 
  nope not ugly . 
  there really is n't anything negative i can see , you 're fine . 
  i believe ryze only has two that are buyable but he has like 7 , idr . 
  it 's the colored krabby patties episode , not sure of the time stamp, 
  yeah lol , i know it 's towards the end when mr krabs takes over spongebobs stand, 
  endless legend is soooooooo gooooooooooooooooooooooooooood, 
  it really depends on what faction you play as in el . 
  do you remember which one you played ? 
  playing each faction while only adhering to * some * of their traits does n't really make the factions shine and makes it seem like every faction is the same when each one should be played really differently , all the way down to battle mechanics and which units to own as well as outfitting them with certain items . 
  that tmz video is the best one i could find after searching that had the most content in it without commentary . 
  i know others have already told you it 's keyes , but have you played the first one ? 
  that might be the most high quality confused travolta gif ive ever seen, 
  before i read that it 's most likely a sion skin , was really hoping for it to be vel koz : /, 
  my friends and i have been using it as an insult for about 2 years now , and we heard it from someone else so i assume it being used as an insult has been around for a while . 
  it 's a fun word to physically say and hear . 
  that 's my 2 cents : /, 
  the vi quote `` if you 're gon na it a wall , hit it hard . '', 
  damn , awesome . 
  not all of them , seriously over exaggerating there . 
  am i the only one who clicked on this link in the vid ? 
  lmffaoooooo meteos back in the day hahaha . 
  nice , thanks for posting !, 
  love it . 
  not ugly man , great progress !, 
  rad eyes btw, 
  hi there , looking at this monitor and have a gtx 970 . 
  is a 970 okay with 144hz monitors ? 
  like , would playing graphically demanding games get me 30fps ? 
  i know my fps will drop all around but really looking for something new . 
  hi there , looking at this monitor and have a gtx 970 . 
  is a 970 okay with 144hz monitors ? 
  like , would playing graphically demanding games get me 30fps ? 
  i know my fps will drop all around but really looking for something new . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  oh , my bad yo . 
  also , looking for some advice . 
  looking at a 28 '' 1080p monitor for gaming , have a 970 as well so i 'm scared of fps issues with 144hz monitors . 
  is a 28 '' 1080p a bad idea ? 
  should i get a 144hz monitor with a 970 ? 
  would you recommend a 1440p with a 970 ? 
  would fps drops be massive ?
