  this is my seasonal character right now . 
  please do n't mind the bad stats . 
  my in-geom and focus both have strength on them . 
  now , here are my propositions . 
  i also have a [ jawbreaker ] ( http://www.diablowiki.net/jawbreaker ) in my inventory . 
  should i extract the in-geom passive and equip the jawbreaker ? 
  raiment set would be great with that weapon damage . 
  should i reroll my in-geom to reset str to dex and maybe get a better one , and then extract jawbreakers passive ? 
  should i try to upgrade a rare to get the furnace , extract and passive it , and reroll my in-geom ? 
  i have no clue what would be best and would love some feedback . 
  thanks in advance . 
  this is my seasonal character right now . 
  please do n't mind the bad stats . 
  my in-geom and focus both have strength on them . 
  now , here are my propositions . 
  i also have a [ jawbreaker ] ( http://www.diablowiki.net/jawbreaker ) in my inventory . 
  should i extract the in-geom passive and equip the jawbreaker ? 
  raiment set would be great with that weapon damage . 
  should i reroll my in-geom to reset str to dex and maybe get a better one , and then extract jawbreakers passive ? 
  should i try to upgrade a rare to get the furnace , extract and passive it , and reroll my in-geom ? 
  i have no clue what would be best and would love some feedback . 
  thanks in advance . 
  i am paragon 563 and i never knew this . 
  mind blown . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  i have played against 3 yasuo 's today that have built triforce instead of bf as second item . 
  why is that ? 
  why was n't it like that in the beginning ? 
  i moved it by pressing r , now it 's not center and i dun goofed . 
  i do n't even know where the undo button is . 
  when the start of a wave is coming , the minions teleport or run faster for some reason . 
  i do n't have a video of it but it happens in literally every game . 
  it 's really fucking frustrating . 
  after checking the sub search and a bunch of google links , i do n't know what freeware to trust or what built in system works correctly . 
  i 'm not looking to make famous youtube videos , just ones i can upload and share for my friends . 
  anyhow , what freeware or console commands would work to record the audio and video ? 
  i 've seen a lot of names tossed around and do n't even know where to begin , i 've never done this before . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm in vegas and just won a lot of money . 
  i 'm drunk and need help . 
  is 20 $ 20 bills good for a strip club, 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm currently doing it and it 's really fun but really challenging . 
  i do n't know how far into it i am but there are times where going really fast would help but are n't ( i think ) necessary . 
  [ removed ], 
  i looked up build for him and they all seem just odd , idk . 
  i do n't even know what my goal is . 
  i remember getting obliterated by a tyrael a while back and decided to buy him today . 
  i like him but do n't know if i should be a tank or what . 
  what is my role ?!, 
  what 's a good warrior dps talent path ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i 've played countless games today where the teams were constantly 6v5 and one game that was 6v4 . 
  i like to actively browse this sub but i have n't played minecraft since high school 3 years ago . 
  i love seeing peoples creations and insane redstone inventions but i feel like that only brings so much entertainment . 
  so what keeps you stuck to the game ? 
  avoiding spoilers . 
  i did a quest for paladin dance , i believe it was the first one or second one . 
  after i completed it , the marker at the bottom on my compass continued to follow him . 
  it 's still there and want to know if there 's any console command to remove it or any small fix . 
  it 's livable , just annoying . 
  i also seemed to turn it in while talking to him about ( avoiding spoilers ) the old guy in that that was at the end of the distress beacon quest . 
  it 's really annoying . 
  i play with a headset btw with 5.1 surround sound so i 'm not too sure . 
  whenever a follower talks or multiple people talk , i have to turn to face them . 
  idk if it 's supposed to be somewhat realistic or it 's just some bad setting . 
  any help would be appreciated !, 
  faction . 
  i do n't want to pick the brotherhood . 
  i started out doing their quests and becoming a knight . 
  really liked them until i came to understand that they will kill anything that is n't human . 
  good super mutants , not feral ghouls , etc. 
  so , what 's the difference ( i have to have someone build the teleporter ) between choosing the railroad and choosing the minutemen ? 
  im in the basement right now , fucking damn man . 
  im getting outlast flashbacks . 
  this shit is n't fun god dammit . 
  i wan na know what 's up there but jesus toledo fuck this . 
  yeah , i know there 's css files and script files and all of that but that 's not what i mean . 
  if i 'm on the reddit homepage and i want to check out their `` contact us '' link at the bottom of the page , does it link me to a separate html file or is it the same html file as before ? 
  i 'm going to be making a website for a final and we 've never dealt with this . 
  we 've made some cool home pages with `` links '' but the links never went anywhere obviously since there was no code for them but if there was code , would it be a separate html file linked from the first ? 
  i can explain more if needed , thank you !, 
  [ removed ], 
  in lane . 
  little tipsy , not really looking for advice . 
  here to vent . 
  i 'm not happy . 
  college is great , the house is nice and the classes are n't bad . 
  i should try a little harded . 
  i 'm not gon na lie i do n't like our relationship . 
  its boring . 
  you 're boring . 
  it 's been a year and some change but nothing has changed . 
  i do n't know what i expected . 
  i did n't mind how awkward you were socially , i thought it was cute but after a while , it really drags me down . 
  you ca n't carry a conversation and you make every hangout difficult .
