man ... 
  i have n't played this since in years ... 
  i remember it being pretty intense . 
  i saw it was an hour long and thought , `` oh fuck that shit . '', 
  i do n't care how hot she is , that bitch is n't getting my skeleton key . 
  unfortunate that they were n't tolerant : /, 
  i hate arrogance ... 
  beside 's how funny that was , that was the longest gif i 've ever watched . 
  upvote from this guy . 
  bioshock , both stories were so intricate if you paid attention and free roamed more often . 
  amazing endings if you played good . 
  that thing is still creepy as fuck . 
  / offtroll , i understand alot of comics that have references i do n't know about in them , but this one went right over my head . 
  i do understand the friend zone meme though just to be clear . 
  can someone please explain this for me , because , no lie , i 've wasted 13 minutes on it and still do n't understand it . 
  all great reads . 
  hope all is well and come home safe !, 
  thanks bro !, 
  i 've been late to school , sooo many times for that bullshit ... 
  thanks !, 
  how coincidental . 
  my class just saw this picture in our astronomy class a few weeks back when discussing the sun 'd surface . 
  upvote for choice of games on the bottom . 
  relevant : http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/142/741/1309291559432.jpg?1309588243, 
  i want to read the news article . 
  could someone link it please ? 
  if this had better grammar , i 'd take it more seriously . 
  if greek mythology was a true religion , based on hardcore facts that they all exsisted and every story was true with evidence ; i , for one , welcome our new greek overlords . 
  did you miss the part where i said if it was all fact with evidence ? 
  i could n't give two shits if they were assholes or not , they 'd exist . 
  when i get a debit card in 7the months , you are the first organization im donating to . 
  take my upvotes . 
  college of winterhold , skyrim . 
  hey josh . 
  i read this over , and over , and over again . 
  im not too scared of death . 
  there 's a quote i think of everytime death comes into my mind : `` am i afraid to die ? 
  because i was dead billions of years before i was born . 
  `` i ca n't remember exactly who said it , and im positive that 's not the exact words , but that helps me know that no one should be afraid of death . 
  most beautiful redditor i 've ever seen . 
  its also good to keep a reminder on when spawn times are when you 're in cautious situations . 
  every . 
  single time . 
  im surprised he got out in time without tripping over his massive balls . 
  this seems impossible due to depth : i, 
  you just made my day . 
  there 's no proof that is or is n't , it 's all theoretical . 
  not in this specific analogy . 
  this analogy is so simple , it 's not even funny that you think it 's `` ill defined '' . 
  put a dead animals head on your doorstep . 
  he 'll never fuck with you again . 
  sea lab 2012, 
  dude , some of your fallout wallpapers were fantastic . 
  post in / r/fallout to see if they get more attention . 
  before the release of the kinect for xbox , when we just knew it as project natal , my friend made up that he saw previews for halo for it . 
  he went on to tell me that you 'll be able to play on line with new weapons and you have to move to the motion of the specifics gun reloading animation to actually reload . 
  you had to run in place to move , you had to act like the gun was in your hands ; all this absurd shit . 
  he also whooped some massive ass in super smash bros melee . 
  what is this from ? 
  the `` warning : death '' notice made me only want to know what was inside even more . 
  it seems like most things that are poisonous are scary as shit . 
  this one is only for gears of war fans but an extremely in-depth theory on the origin of the locust horde . 
  is that a fucking bat ? 
  i feel like their should be a blowjob joke . 
  i still think the conference was bad in my own perspective , but i respect your detailed view . 
  you have an upvote from me , sir . 
  shhhh ... he 's about to give a speech about how much karma he can get in a day . 
  anyone notice gman in the screenshot with the alien blowing blue fire . 
  up in the window . 
  my shit aint workin . 
  [ first thing that came to mind ] ( http://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/9/99/sticky_proj_red.png ), 
  left 4 dead 3, 
  * the death mines, 
  * your digging your own grave, 
  minecraft : slaughterhouse, 
  it seemed to work since you 're on the front page . 
  take my downvote . 
  someone wan na explain this to meh ? 
  what about that other really dim object , riiiiiighttt ... there . 
  home to the white bitch . 
  that 's a far drop . 
  better wear a helmet . 
  by the looks of it , she mopped the floor with chloroform . 
  sweet , sweet chloroform . 
  [ it was spiderman 's fault . 
  nothing to do with atheism . 
  ours is just about . 
  i never thought of this !, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll definitely give that a look right nao . 
  i love seeing kickass dads on reddit . 
  glad you and your son had an awesome time . 
  i 'd have the biggest ego , driving in that . 
  i would n't mind if you welded my dog . 
  holy . 
  shit . 
  i remember the excitement i had when i not only got my first lightsaber , but when i was aloud to go get my own crystal and make my own . 
  how fucking awesome is that shit ? 
  it 's peter griffin , why the hell should n't you trust him ? 
  i feel like he was killed shortly afterwards .
