  thats amazing, 
  what a flashback , that was called `` david , der kabauter '' in austria , when in watched it . 
  i never knew what a `` kabauter '' was . 
  ok , im moving to sweden ... 
  i 'm just halfway through the read , but damn your sister eva is one of the kindest , most patient human on this earth . 
  i would have kicked this piece of ... gc in the ass so hard , she would have landed in another state . 
  put your cat in carrier damit !, 
  you put him in the trunk , what exactly did you expect ? 
  from now on tumblr only allows moderated posts - and you are the moderator , have fun !, 
  i 'm with you , i wish i could fly more often just to eat the food , i love it . 
  welcome to the worlds first two story toilette , first one is allowed to choose, 
  your wife wants to be the oprah of your neighborhood, 
  thats wonderful , i kinda want halloween here too . 
  we here in germany are only getting to know this holiday and its mostly just pumpkin decorations and , as usual , parties for adults with lots of acohol . 
  the kids are kinda missing out here . 
  oh c'mon there is a sub for this ? 
  how do you know you 've been too long on reddit ? 
  you get all the references ... 
  do you wan na geht maimed ? 
  cause thats how you gon na get maimed . 
  i think thats very healthy, 
  holy shit , in will never understand why you can bully someone who 's been through such traumatic events ? 
  why are kids and teenager so damn cruel ? 
  26 times deserving ? 
  you are surrounded by the best men a woman can find . 
  a soon-to-be husband who stands like a rock at your side , a best friend who supports you and would stand back and a fil who overcomes prejudices and old conservatives ways , to be there for his son 's and in extension your 's happiness . 
  listen to the cool black guy, 
  ok , you know what ? 
  this thread is quite heavy and i swallowed here and there , but your post made me actually cry and laugh at the same time . 
  i would embarrasse the shit out of them . 
  send her a beautiful thank you card , overwhelmingly cheerful . 
  next family gathering show the gift everybody , put emphasis on her . 
  try to stay serious . 
  maybe you could measure the sagginess ? 
  how much more terrifying could it become ? 
  obviously the crazy midlife crisis starts early in this generation ... 
  sorry , but get rid of this dipshit , he has absolutely no respect for you, 
  did you go to school in the 50s ? 
  can please someone explain the appeal of an live goldfish in someones vagina ? 
  i 'm completely lost, 
  no no no , making dinner at home is completely different to going out . 
  you have to leave the house to have a date night . 
  the beginning of your post sounds like a taylor swift song and i 'm ok with that, 
  i never thought about that , but you 're right . 
  i have a 5 year old daughter , dinner at home is as far from couples date night as a pitbull song from quality . 
  but takeout and movie marathons are definitly an option . 
  and the polyamorous lifestyle he is so suddenly affected to is just an pretty excuse, 
  yes , i know , i was closeminded, 
  is this guy some kind of guru , what is his appeal that both your gf and bf ca n't get rid of such an asshole ? 
  you should have a really serious talk with sam about tom . 
  why can your bf be comfortable around someone with this mindset ? 
  does n't this reflect on his mindset too ? 
  your girlfriend alice on the other hand is way more complicated to handle . 
  if you treat her to harshly ( just by telling her the truth ) , she could cut you out of her life . 
  does she have family , that could look after her ? 
  i know , it 's not very fair , but damn , this girl is digging her own grave . 
  she do n't have to settle for this dipshit , nobody has . 
  i 'm still missing the appealing factor of tom . 
  why does your boyfriend wants to be around someone like him ? 
  thats a question both of you should think about . 
  i suspect something similar . 
  maybe his friends think you are spending his money and the reason why it is so important to him , that you join them on the vacation , is to prove them wrong . 
  so his friends can meet you , get to know you , for his eyes you are a good person . 
  and of course , in his mindset , you have to pay for yourself to prove to them ( and maybe secretly to him ) you 're not an gold digger . 
  it 's twisted , but maybe it feels logic for him . 
  do you know how silly this title sounds in german ? 
  yes , i 'm outta here ... 
  no shit sherlock !, 
  yes , i 'm not seeing the problem either . 
  just get a cheap motel for the holidays , meet everybody at mom 's and enjoy the holiday . 
  it 's better for you to be hated for now , then to live with the guilt for not helping her for the rest of your life . 
  think about it , please . 
   my family is insane , but this is nothing i can prevent or control when we go over to my parents ' house . 
  oh yes , you could . 
  you are 23 years old , when you father physically attacks you , you go to the police and report this . 
  edit :, 
  i ca n't believe that you are so okay with your fathers behaivour . 
  he is an abusive , manipulative asshole who needs to go to jail for his actions . 
  he manipulated your whole family into silence for years and now your just think its normal to get assaulted by him . 
  i am in awe . 
  exactly , moms an textbook n and daddys the equally perfect enabler . 
  his quote, 
   be humble , be mick ( i dont even know wtf he means by mick ... ) . 
  learn to behave and dont be a rebel . 
  says it all . 
  someones watching way to much big bang theory ... 
  watch someone embarrasse himself , especially in tv-series or movies . 
  in german we have a word for it `` fremdsch\u00e4men '' , it means you are really feel embarrassed because you watch someone be embarrassed . 
  how tiny is jason schwartzman ? 
  and in every means , he looks like a bobblehead figure in this video . 
  my cat did that once , she panic-peed all over the floor . 
  well , very selfless . 
  working your ass off 15 hours a week for months ( !! ), 
  to accomodate the bride and then your even more selfless and do n't really show up to the party to cause no drama . 
  honestly , i think you looking for am bit of pampering here . 
  you want to hear `` yes , you so dramafree , you did what you could , you put your heart in it , you are so generous '' . 
  but i think you added to the drama . 
  sure , the bride is the one to blame for the most parts , but you could have done better . 
  but what is it worth , to talk about , whats in the past ? 
  contrast : put something shitty on top on something nice to make the nice thing look great .
