putting on mascara, 
  my uncles used to train with you in the gym in graz , where they grew up . 
  two of them moved to canada , the other one to germany . 
  only my dad stayed home . 
  do still remember your early days in austria ? 
  i showed my 4 year old girl the exact same scene a couple months ago , she was thrilled und since then she is carrying a little superman action figure in her kindergarten backpack . 
  what ? 
  my best friend lost her unborn baby 6 weeks before the estimated birth . 
  i never saw someone so entirely crushed and broken down , it nearly broke my heart . 
  i simply ca n't comprend the fact , that animals in shelters being killed because nobody wants them . 
  thats illegal in my country , you are only allowed to put a pet down because of sickness/old age or uncontrollable behaviour . 
  i feel you , my husband is just the same . 
  and i hate it . 
  i 'm always talking to his back and he either responds with multiple whats oder no response at all . 
  i never considered my mom to be a narcissist , but after reading this list , im might be wrong . 
  there quite a few lines i remembered from my childhood and teenager years . 
  frightening . 
  when she was really angry at me , she would raise her hand as an threatening gesture . 
  naturally i covered my face and she would get even more angry with me , because i obliviously implicated , she would hit me . 
  confused much ? 
  just talking to her is exhausting , because she always knows anything . 
  if i keep discussing something with her it mostly ends either with her literally saying the equivalent to `` your argument is invalid '' or she states that in her country , its the way , she says it is . 
  by the way , i also lived in `` her '' country 20 years , i know who it is down there . 
  there is so much more , but i have to pause , i 'm austrian and in my head i always sound like schwarzenegger when writing in englisch . 
  damn thats annoying . 
  bold move , i could have never done this , i was always so afraid of her . 
  afraid what in the world i did that day to make her angry at me . 
  i never knew . 
  your kid can read , write and comprend such a test at 5 years old ? 
  what are these kids doing , when school starts ? 
  write shakespearian plays ? 
  i 'm really wondering what must go wrong in someones mind to demand to be with them in such extreme language . 
  how in the world can someone enjoy the presence of someone , if you forced it upon them ? 
  i know , because of n , but what goes on in the mind of this mother ? 
  `` she is the law '' that is so true . 
  in an narcissists mind they are the center of the world and therefore they are the ones who make the rules . 
  in primary school , 2 boys were playing frisbee in class . 
  unfortunately for my face , they did n't have a frisbee and used a ruler in triangle form ( i have no idea what this thing is called in english , we call it `` geodreieck '' ) . 
  i flew really beautifully right across the whole classroom directly in my face , only half an inch below my eye . 
  the cut was so deep , i could stuck my tongue out of my cheek . 
  obviously all the women where not worth enough to be portrayed alone . 
  that 's actually quite funny , because ritter is the german word for knight, 
  well , seems my 14 year old me would be considered cool today - damn ... 
  thats exactly the first thing i want to do , if i ever going to visit america, 
  omg , i have no webcam here and i just thought the button will direct me to the `` head '' of the page . 
  crazy ? 
  thats one of the saddest stories i 've ever heard of, 
  and that 's how i met your mother, 
  apologize , sincerley . 
  admit you made a mistake , that 's one thing nmoms never do . 
  keep going til tuesday and avoid `` i-sentences '' . 
  ` murica !, 
  better salaries for the same work, 
  they should squirt chocolate milk, 
  buffy the vampire slayer, 
  but how ? 
  how can someone play without wasd ? 
  no understand , fail english ... help . 
  i ( austrian girl ) have 2 uncles living in canada , who are friends with arnold schwarzenegger . 
  they used to workout in the same fitness club in graz ( austria ) before arnold became famous . 
  me too , still tearing up . 
  he did n't just want to save her , he wanted to listen to her . 
  thats quite an interesting conversation when you read it without context, 
  lol . 
  yes , although i live in germany , some people actually say lol instead of , well , laughing . 
  sorry , but if you say lol then i think you 're an immature gamerboy . 
  i am from austria , so let me be proud of my speaking english good, 
  as an hasbro employee i would like to thank you deeply for keeping my job alive . 
  mariah careys glitter - it 's not even trashy , it 's just extremly dull and really bad, 
  and a special for the german speaking part of reddit : daniel , der zauberer und ich habe die dvd zuhause !!, 
  omg, 
  besides the licensed stuff like transformers , etc. 
  you should see the amounts of wotc-boxes i 'm walking by every day . 
  for a splitsecond , i believed you, 
  fun fact : what you call `` showers '' and `` growers '' in english , is called a `` fleischpenis '' aka . 
  meatpenis and `` blutpenis '' aka . 
  bloodpenis in german . 
  oh god , yes . 
  my asshole cat gets on top of my recliner and vomits all the way down to the floor . 
  in addition i ca n't have bathroom rugs , because she will piss on them . 
  every fucking time with a shining new toilet waiting for her just an inch away . 
  learned the hard way and threw 2 new completly new ones away . 
  much rage you have , young padawan . 
  you can almost hear the high pitched shriek . 
  austrian girl speaking , i hate our inferior complex towards germany . 
  we 're always bashing the german , hating them with a fiery passion , get really upset , if we are mistaken for one of them . 
  and always comparing to them . 
  my country ist like an angsty teen , sometimes you want to yell , austria get the hell over it und develop some selftesteem . 
  yeah , because then we feel like you ignore our country completely . 
  * fondly *, 
  i would watch the hell out of these shows . 
  yes , the prometheus school of running away from things, 
  well , congratulations , this story just 1-upped the vagina bacon thing, 
  i have a major deja vu over this egyptian god thing . 
  like the hot girl and the ugly bff, 
  and thats how fart porns were created, 
  holy shit , now i 'm reminded of that maggot fucking story that scarred me for life, 
  you never go full retard, 
  holy shit , how big is this thing ? 
  my mom hates me for having an very uncomplicated kid .
