  and my lies got bigger and bigger , i invented a school , i invented a whole family , oh my , i dug my hole so damn deep . 
  and then , one of them wanted to see my id . 
  and little dumbass me pulled it out , showed him without thinking . 
  the looked up with a big grin , said overarticulated `` thank you '' and handed it back to me . 
  i grinned back , put it in wallet and it clicked . 
  well , tbh it hit me like a rock . 
  my bf looked at me trying to be a good friend and not blurt out in laughter . 
  i turned bright red , packed my things and ran like hell out of that cafe . 
  the story this boys could tell of this day must have been an absolut classic at their parties . 
  thats terrifying . 
  i would accept this immature behaviour not even from a teenager , let alone a grown man over 30 . 
  escpecially watermelon, 
  i could stomach the cumbox , vagina bacon , the swamp ass , but damn this story scarred me for life . 
  laxatives ... because reasons, 
  i do n't want to sell you death sticks, 
  nah , i hate folk music, 
  mrw i try to hide a boner in swim shorts, 
  and probably part of his kink, 
  and after all this shit john did you still wonder why the baby was taken from you ? 
  they will rip her to pieces . 
   we can go on a cruise . 
  we can stay in one cabin , though . 
  my mom does n't need her own . 
  and that would be the moment to calmly walk to your bedroom and pack the bags ... 
  sorry to be harsh , but this will only get worse . 
  i 've been there , i relate to her . 
  but i got hospital treatment for that , it 's definitly an issue for therapy . 
  not his fault !, 
  i was only allowed to eat icecream in summer otherwise i would get really sick . 
  tragically i grew up in vienna , only july and august would qualifiy as hot summer . 
  you have 2 hours per day left for eating , driving , pooping , cleaning , side hustling and redditing ? 
  tickets to a very special event . 
  i 'm a huge eurovision song contest ( have fun looking that up , my american fellows ) and my year long dream was to once see the final show live . 
  2010 rolls in and lena , a sweet german girl wins the contest in oslo for germany . 
  traditionally the next years show is held in the winner 's country , so germany , where i live . 
  even in a city nearby . 
  but i was broke . 
  damn , i was so broke , my babygirl was just 1 year old , i had to take loans for everything , i just could n't afford those really expensive tickets . 
  and then comes this german community , one of the biggest tv platforms and they start to collect money . 
  they did n't know me , they had no idea , who is was and the gave money to me . 
  here 5 euros , there 10 euros . 
  it came in via mail with little cards , via paypal oder bank transfer . 
  it was absoluty amazing . 
  i could afford to go the eurovision song contest 2011 in d\u00fcsseldorf , i loved every moment of it and i will always be thankful for the people in this community , who were so kind to give their money to an complete stranger to fullfill a dream . 
  i see silver-blue, 
  thats `` sendung mit der maus '' ( show with the mouse ) , a german show for kids , where they teachs children how things are made . 
  from toothpaste , to cars , to this . 
  my 5 year old girl loves the show , but here in germany even the adults love the show for the interesting content . 
  question from an curious german : avengers 2 is pg13 , i looked it up . 
  in my understanding only children 13 and above are allowed to watch this movie . 
  ( similar to our fsk12 rating , for children 12 and above ) . 
  why are there little children in the theater ? 
  thanks , never knew that . 
  what a strange rule . 
  ahh , so sweet , i got my on little chewie at home , a dachshund/golden retriever mix, 
  not me , but my daughter . 
  family of my husband is extremely cheap , so the usually avoid gift giving altogether , but since we always gifted theire boys ( and still do ) , they kinda feel obliged to give her something . 
  when she was 3 , she got a used puzzle , nearly 20 years old with missing pieces and a wooden spoon . 
  at her 4th birthday they gave her a connect the dot-picture and a used board game , 20 years , old , pieces missing . 
  she turns 6 in two months , i 'm curious how many old , broken , smelly pieces of toys the can dug out of their cellar . 
  buffy , as corny as it was . 
  i looks like the intro of saved by the bell, 
  in the german synchro they say `` saft '' which means juice . 
  so , dick joke . 
  considering the young ages , maybe grandma wanted to avoid be a too early great-grandma ? 
  a question : your dog has this unspecified condition , but test , what exactly is going on with are to expensive . 
  yet you buy this and that and this for him to help ( which is great ) , but would n't it been better to spend the money on clarifying tests ? 
  not really an advise , but a story : when i met my husband , i was 22 years old , he turned 30 . 
  i moved to a foreign country after only a couple of months long distance relationship . 
  we 're celebrating our 10th wedding day next week , our girl starts school in august . 
  if someone else would have told me this story , i would be the first to call em stupid . 
  but it worked out . 
  when she was still little , my cat once jumped on the kitchen table right into the almost cold frying oil . 
  i still have a scar on my wrist from the bathing struggle . 
  that scene had my husband broken down in tears . 
  he had lost his father early on and to see this ending was just too much for him . 
  that was beautiful, 
  that woman is not going to kill herself . 
  she enjoys torturing everyone around her way to much . 
  if you do n't leave her , i 'm pretty sure , you will die sooner than her . 
  that 's oddly specific ... 
  i agree with the other posters saying , she is not your responsibility , but , yeah sorry for the but , you kinda sorta made her your responsibility . 
  your group of friends broke up her relationship with this bad guy , you involved yourselft in this drama . 
  what about the other friends ? 
  did anyone help her with the aftermaths of the breakup ? 
  it 's certainly no excuse , but a explanation , why she is always coming back to you . 
  how can someone have some much time for this amount of sex ? 
  i read the first harry potter to my 6-year old girl , she was so into it and ca n't wait to get older to experience more . 
  yeah , you , but what about her ? 
  maybe she has bonding problems ? 
  maybe she sometimes thinks `` damn , its not even my baby '' and immediatly resents herself for that ? 
  why did you adopt in the first place ? 
  fertility problems ? 
  there is so much more under the rug here , that needs to be explored . 
  on both sides , its not really a parenting issue than rather a relationship problem in my opinion . 
  the floofier the floof , the bitchier the face, 
  holy shit , that sounded like those late night commerical shows : `` but wait , there 's more !! '', 
  a dungeon siege tale - yes , the one from uwe boll, 
  i need christmas gifts for my girl , new jeans for my husband , the car needs new winter tires and the living room a new shelf . 
  and i someone gave me the money , i would immediatly buy this things , probably in this order .
