  i really recommend this . 
  i had a similiar issues with my dad . 
  i really love him and care for him , but we never really talked about anything . 
  the problem started in my teenager years , the moment i became a girl with opinions and not just his little princess , it got akward . 
  just really akward . 
  but , we kinda resolved it . 
  it took time , a lot actually , i 'm in my thirties and still have a problem talking to him on the phone . 
  but we started to email each other monthly . 
  i would write a long email , tell him about my life , whats going on in the moment , stories about his granddaughter and always making sure he knows i love him . 
  he answers within a month , giving insight in his life with his new wife , giving advice , telling me , he loves me . 
  it works , it reallys works . 
  we will never be able so fully communicate relaxed for hours about something . 
  but we have a relationship that counts for us . 
  arkansas, 
  that 's a lot of fish !, 
  and did you smoke while taking those drugs ? 
  that can cause major side effects . 
  he never felt the need to even tell them he was in a relationship although bella always hints to potential hookups with aaliyah . 
  thats seriously messed up and you should n't blame the girls , but your assless bf , who does n't care an inch about your feelings . 
  i adore that little belle dress , i love the disney princesses , they suck out all my cynicism and anger , i usually have toward ... mankind . 
  ah fuck it , if i had the money and would live in place nearby , i would go to disney every week . 
  maybe the shyness argument was just a justification for themselves . 
  in my opinion enjoying disney does n't need a justification . 
  can we please get a chris pratt , jennifer lawrence relationship movie ? 
  my ovaries would explode and populate a new continent . 
  my mother gets offended by my hair . 
  yes , my hair . 
  i 'm a natural blond , but in my early twenties , i decided to dye my hair light brown , i was curious and before never allowed to dye my hair other than spraying that toxic sun-in on . 
  so , i dyed my hair brown , but it went a bit wrong the hairdresser made it to dark . 
  my mother hated it , she was so upset , that i had to marry with this `` ass ugly dark filth '' on my head . 
  so childish . 
  but the best thing is yet to come . 
  i eventually grew out the dark brown , i wanted to try something new . 
  but , now in my late twenties , my hair had changed , from the light blonde ( very similar to my mother ) to a musky , greyish blond-brunett ( similiar to my father , her ex ) . 
  and who was to blame ? 
  of course that was n't natural hair development , nope , i `` ruined '' my yet-to-grow-hair forever because i dyed i brown a couple of times . 
  she really blames me personally for the lack of blonde , lushious locks . 
  and because i like to fuck with her , i cut my hair short and dyed it screaming red , which she despises even more . 
  childish , yes , but fun !, 
  also , hairdo , but thats another story from the realm of the crazy cat lady . 
  2 hours , what a dream . 
  living in germany , i have to leave the country and visit paris to visit the nearest disneyland . 
  i 've made it twice , france is expensive . 
  do it , if we have to suffer from our nmoms , we should get our little vengeful fun out of it too . 
  my mother was always plotting against my friends . 
  typical `` bad influence for you '' rants , ridicioulus curfews for a 16-year-old just to spite me and foremost always hammering in , that friends a not forever , friends will leave , friends will hurt you , friends will turn against you . 
  the only thing i can rely on is family . 
  then my father cheated on her , her sister stayed friends with him all the time , my grandfather approved of things i did ( and turned to her ) . 
  but yeah , family is the only one , i can rely on . 
  sure . 
  so , you want to choose a life completely wrapped around him , but do n't feel the need to talk to him about that ? 
  frankly , i do n't get it at all . 
  is it possible that the webpage is down ? 
  i really would like to read your journey till today . 
   a lot of people brought up the fact that i should just try to lose weight instead of going ahead and getting the reduction . 
  my surgeon said that it would n't really matter if i lost weight if my boobs are mostly breast tissue . 
  thats interesting , here you have to lose a certain amount of weight , before the doctors allow the operation . 
  but good luck to you !, 
  nothing goes over his head , his reflexes are too fast, 
  he does n't seem to matured at all beyond his early 20s . 
  his mindset seems to be stuck at 19/20 , so he naturally is attracted to girls 15-20 . 
  point is , this could get out of hand . 
  what if he meets a girl that enjoys the affection from an older man ? 
  and just a thought , she just made herself 16 instead of her real age , 13 . 
  holy shit , you gave him $ 200 to waste in the casino and he complained ? 
  ungratefull * cough *, 
  miss , you have dishes in the cat closet . 
   she told once that the sex itself is n't bad and it feels kind of nice , but she does n't actively seek it and would be perfectly happy in this relationship without sex . 
  `` no sex although it 's nice '' is not asexual . 
  it could be a consequence of deeper problem , maybe depression . 
  people who loathe themselves basically deny them to have fun in sex whatsoever . 
  they think they are not worth of enjoying sex , they think `` how could someone want to have sex with me , worthless piece of shit ? '', 
  and shut down completely . 
  it was just a thought , you only know whats going on , when you ask her . 
  tell her , how hurtful it , how it really gets you to . 
  and observe her reaction very carefully , it tells you a lot besides her normal answer . 
  16 and yes , within a hearbeat . 
  i broke up with my longterm boyfriend before summer , then met this 20 year old surfer dude , got myself completely wasted , touched by two guys at once . 
  at least the surfer dude got the dignity to throw his friend out and we there , in a camping trailer , i lost it . 
  the time was right , but it was the worst boy ever . 
  i never met him afterwards , it was just a silly evening . 
  i was glad i got it over and done with and he could brag about `` cracking '' a virgin . 
  i still regret to this day , that i did n't do it with my then boyfriend . 
  because this was the initial reason , we broke up , i was to stuck up , to have sex with him . 
  the american way ? 
  that was an disturbing mix of dedication and anger ... 
   according to him , i 'm being selfish and not fulfilling my `` duties as a wife '' and that i basically owe him because he does n't drink often and does n't drink in the house . 
  this shit alone would make me think about this relationship a lot . 
  if my husband would said that in all honesty , he would have a legit reason to sleep in the basement . 
  no kids , please !, 
  this woman seems lazy , toxic and to be honest , not very into you . 
   he told me to let it go because `` boys will be boys '' and they 'll grow out of it . 
  yeah , he is the best example how perfect that way worked . 
  for context : i 'm austrian . 
  to the story : when i was 13 , i thought my english skills were stellar . 
  i was convinced i can fool anyone into thinking , i 'm an native english speaker . 
  so , i was at this cafe with my best friend . 
  we started this game pretending i 'm an american girl visiting her - and then we met this boys , way older than us . 
  the started hitting on us and i really tried to keep the game going . 
  presented the worst fake american accent , stuttering and stammering , they knew after my first 3 words , i was lying .
