  the first ist the first-born , important son , heir to the throne . 
  the second one was the first girl , her likeness , your wifes successor . 
  trouble girl was just another girl , who needs her , your wife had already one female mini-me . 
  the last one is the youngest , still in development , he could turn out the same as your rebel child oder be babyied by mommy till he ca n't take it anymore . 
  i 'm the other way around . 
  married for 11 years , 7 year old daughter and a dog . 
  the whole family package , i only ever worked 3 years full-time when i was 20 , after that i was only 2 days per week for very little money , depending on my husband to care for me . 
  now i 'm turning 37 and started university , part-time . 
  i 'm not gon na start a career before i 'm 42 , but to hell , why not ? 
  you lost nothing , you just took road a , where your sister took road b. 
  you are still young to travel the other road . 
  honestly your starting line looks way better than a lot of other ones . 
  you have great financial stability , you have no emotional baggage ( ie . 
  ex-husband ) , a fullfilling work life , a lot of life experience . 
  and then there is my daughter :, 
  me : do you want tomatosauce ? 
  her : yes of course !, 
  i 'm serving dinner with tomatosauce, 
  her : ewww , there is tomato in there . 
  i hate tomatoes . 
  me : i asked you , if you wanted tomatosauce ... 
  her : but i do n't want tomatoes in my tomatosauce . 
  yes , i facepalmed . 
  thought the same thing . 
  is her vagina tainted too ? 
  just a thought : maybe get her a pet ? 
  my mother is a little bit like yours , she is always talking , when we watch tv , she loves it . 
  but she lives alone , so she talks to her cat . 
  `` look at this dress , its awful , bla bla bla ... '' and the cat meows or chatters back . 
  its silly , but it helps . 
  shes just needs something to direct her talking urges to . 
  this man tries to get off on the thought he is a sissy and weak and pathetic . 
  but instead he drags you into a power scheme . 
  he has absolute power over everything , he controls you and your wedding with his obsession . 
  i have a golden wiener , dachshund-golden retriever mix . 
  he viciously runs after small rabbits , cats and moles . 
  once he gets them though , he flops on his back , wags his tail and wants to play . 
  thats not your problem . 
  does he really think so low of you , that you are incapable of declining men ? 
  are you okay with that ? 
  damit , now i 'm crying in my office . 
  i experienced exactly the same , it was hell . 
  i would beg my husband to leave me and take our daughter , because i was such an awful being , i would destroy them . 
  depression is an asshole . 
  i do n't get why your father threw your sister out over a writing in baby powder on the driveway . 
  on her birthday !, 
  this ca n't be all . 
  awesome , my daughter is 7 and she wants to dress up as rey for carnival . 
  we do n't have halloween here , but she will get her rey costume for christmas and his father will accompany her as old luke , grey , fuzzy beard included . 
  knitting : anyway , i make socks !, 
  non-english speaker here . 
  whats the problem with pp ? 
  cause it sounds like pee ? 
  but whats inappropriate about that ? 
  thats hilarious , in austrian dialect we say `` weils wahr ist '' translating to `` because its true '' . 
  i never knew other countries said something similar . 
  well , then . . let 's get down to business, 
  austria : we 're sending the talentless painter into the fight und watch the bar burn down, 
  for her sake , do n't marry her . 
  she will always be number two behind your family . 
  no problem if she is happy with that . 
  let everyone have his misery . 
  but she will be destroying the life of an innocent child . 
  holy shit , exactly the same happen in my workplace . 
  try to be really straight forward . 
  `` please , i just need a shoulder to cry on for a little , i look forward to your solutions tomorrow '' . 
  important is , you follow through and listen to his solutions the next day . 
  its a compromise . 
  first of all , your parents got way to overboard with their punishments . 
  throwing you on the streets , leaving you behind , its unacceptable . 
  but cocaine lines and public sex at parties when you where a teenager is not fucked up ? 
  am i too old ? 
  is this how 17 year old teenagers party ? 
  which part of austria are they from ? 
  it 's kinda important , the dialect could be quite strong and your german can be as good as it gets , but you still could n't understand a thing . 
  hell , my husband is german and did n't know what my family was talking in our first 5 years of marriage . 
  as an austrian myself , i would say , this scolding was an in good fun . 
  in my experience our humor can be seen as quite harsh and brutal to outsiders . 
  talk to your husband , be honest and tell him your concerns . 
  if he is a good man with good friends , he will understand and help you . 
  i got these in saints row 3 !, 
  we are a gamer family . 
  we both love it , before the birth of our girl , we played wow for nights and nights , with scheduled raids and the whole shit . 
  as hard it is to accept that , but as an avid gamer , you have two things to do , if you become a parent :, 
  1 , no more games that ca n't be paused immediately , when the child is awake . 
  saves you a lot of trouble , heartbreak and misery . 
  for your kid and yourself . 
  2 , the points , the achievements , the wins on your game can be wiped with one button press . 
  your child and his memories can not . 
  do n't miss time . 
  my husband changed his schedule . 
  when he comes home from work , he immediately engages in conversation with his daughter and i cook . 
  he plays with her ( she 's 7 , so sometimes they even game together !, 
  ) , asks about school , etc. 
  one of us walks the dog , the other cares about her homework and bedtime . 
  and when all the little ones are fed and asleep , we jump to our pcs and play the night away . 
  well , as long as we can . 
  on weekends , he has daddy day . 
  one day , i will take her and visit grandma ( or other activities ) , is mum bonding day . 
  dad can relax and play his 6 hour straight .
