  i 'm extremly lucky to have a girl , who was never sick in her first year , who slept quite early through the night , who likes to try new food , who loves kindergarten . 
  in her mind , i was an absolute abomination as a baby . 
  i never slept at night , always keeping her up . 
  i never ate anything , i was always sick - and apparantly that was all on purpose , because she blames me for it to this day . 
  the lord of the rings . 
  i loved the movies , never read the books . 
  i ca n't , i really tried , multiple times , but when i get to the tom bombadil part , i 'm getting so deadly bored , i put it away . 
  so for now , i 'm an ignorant twat and will never gon na read this `` masterpiece '' . 
  in 30 years , some kids will sit in filmstudies class und discuss the grittifing of the 2000s cinema . 
  sorry , but can someone please explain to me the spreadsheet thingy ? 
  thanks , that man is a sad little pathetic man, 
  more sad little pathetic men - the argument `` yeah , you 're gross , but i 'd fuck you anyway , you should be happy '' is so idiotic . 
  if it 's all about the fuck , get a whore , not a wife, 
  edit : for the record , it 's legal in my country, 
  and here we are again ... : prettyflowers : : prettyflowers : : prettyflowers :, 
  i `` ewwwwwd '' loud out, 
  you know what really baffled me in your post ? 
  the way you rationalize her `` i refuse to go to bed before you '' - argument . 
  and i so can relate to that . 
  every other person , who is not living with an nmom would just say , `` thats not my problem , i you 're tired go to sleep , it does n't matter if i 'm home or not '' . 
  but not us acons , we make this shit our problem , because in an ns world we are responsible for their wellbeing . 
  there are the taurus world stunt awards , i think arnold schwarzenegger was an supporter for the show, 
  it makes me so angry to hear mothers call her children stupid . 
  dang you woman , you 're responsible for the supposed stupidity , you should teach your girl . 
  but we know , that is exactly what nmoms want . 
  they do n't teach us anything , because : gasp : we could be doing it without her . 
  my mom ca n't swim or ride a bicycle - so i could n't do it either , i was n't patient enough to learn . 
  i learned swimming the hard way with my father , because he was fed up with my overbearing mother . 
  riding a bicycle is still a big challenge , having it hardly learned , when i was 13 and my best friend was sick of walking everywhere with me . 
  it did n't help developing my skills , that my mom refused to buy me even a used bicycle , because in her words `` she is way to lazy , she would n't use it anyway '' . 
  but the most games will be in sale somehow over the year anyway , in midweek sales , weekend deals , etc, 
  the d , pretty well rounded, 
  fuck chad, 
  because we all know it , everything comes down to poo :, 
  maybe you should put signs around in your wedding venue :, 
  * `` this flower is provided by my mom ! '', 
  * `` the potatoes on the buffet are payed by my mom ! '', 
  * `` this 15 minutes dj music is hosted by my mom ! '', 
  on writing from stephen king . 
  i also had the vague idea of writing someday , then i read his book and was so determinded to be an writer , i even started studying english literature . 
  then the costs exploded , depression got hold of me and here i am . 
  only writing stupid shit on the internet . 
  a serbian film . 
  just the wikipedia summary made me sick , so no , not for a thousand dollars i would watch it . 
  well this article is 11 years old , is it still valid ? 
  is n't nerdcultur the new cool ? 
  i do n't know , i 'm old , but i assume how the media presents nerds today ( hello , tbbt ) , they considered cool and popular . 
  is there maybe some kind of summary out there of the warcraft story ? 
  i played wow , but never warcraft i-iii and was always kinda clueless about it . 
  am i the only one who clearly sees a slimmed down kevin smith ? 
  if simon pegg is in it , it ca n't be mediocre . 
  i would spend money for an article telling us her inner turmoil when he brings home a girl he wants to marry . 
  that has to be an absolute masterpice of textbook narcissism outburst . 
  myy neck hurts just by looking at her tilted head, 
  well , someone posted an imgur album to a rather , lets say , repulsive spongebob cartoon and it rained wtfs, 
  just yes , its a simple control issue . 
  you decided something for yourself and that can not happen with an n. just ca n't . 
  hell , i 'm in my thirties and my mother gets extremly upset and personally offended , when i wear my hair in a ponytail . 
  she hates it , despises it and tells me how absolute hideous , ugly and repulsing i look . 
  yes , thats where here exact words . 
  and she is pissed for the days because of it . 
  because i sometimes wear my hair in a ponytail . 
  i 'm so tired of the `` uhh , i 'm a gamer girl , i deserve this and that and blablabla . '', 
  hell , be a woman and just do it without childish mean girls drama . 
  honestly , i imagined the poster as an frank mackey kind of guy , jumping around on a stage , yelling motivational quotes, 
  no no no no , its just a different kind of woman who like guardian chris . 
  parks & rec chris was the funny teddy bear , hug me , cuddle me guy , where the guardian chris is more like the yes , you can rip my skirt off anytime you like type of guy . 
  yeah , i 'm gone ... 
  holy shit , she made it to reddit !, 
  ok , can wie please talk about the shoes ? 
  how can someone walk with this fucked up inlays ? 
  ha , i learned that in a german kids show `` sendung mit der maus '' , because there is german astronaut at the spacestation at the moment, 
  its comments like these , that let me miss the old karma-system . 
  the live . 
  i saw a little bit of the movie , when i was hiding and peeking at my parents tv . 
  i will never ever forget the moment , roddy piper put the sunglasses on in the supermarket and seeing the terrifying skull-faces in the security-mirrors . 
  sleeping was n't an option this night . 
  holy shit , this is insane . 
  what in the hell could have gone through her head , that would justifiy such actions ? 
  i knopw ns do that things , i really do , but i 'm really curious to know , how the justify this things to themselves . 
  maybe thats the problem , maybe its been always this way and op never realised it ? 
  then i 'm shallow too , cause it was the first thing , that came into my mind too . 
  he was so handsome and charming but he sounded like the lovechild of screech and urkel . 
  that was not only offputting ... it was insta-dry . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss , you brought me tears and actually set this day a little straight for me . 
  fucking cancer . 
  this reminded me of the one time in my school , where the boys would crack open those lollipops with the fizzy filling und sniff the acidy powder . 
  that was fun - at least for us , who where watching the pain and agony . 
  well thats just cruel . 
  i love this . 
  i hate you ... 
  thats a beautiful songtitle, 
  the children versions are definitly lackeing the tulle , according to pinterest tulle and tutu-versions of costumes , including tutu darth vader and tutu cowboy , are the new hot shit for the 3 to 10 year olds . 
  me too , just another pinch of hope in humanity i lost today, 
  now i want to buy blue eggs , why ca n't we have blue eggs, 
  not here in germany , most people are little egg nazis . 
  white ones are the supreme , good eggs , brown ones are the lower quality types . 
  another color not accepted . 
  i must admit , recently the view has changed a little bit , as in the white ones would be deemed artificial and the brown ones the natural , organic ( = bio ) eggs . 
  yes , we are that uneducated .
