same . 
  i 'll probably cancel and enjoy the bay again ... 
  exactly, 
  so ... do n't put flashing gifs everywhere . 
  wtf , sounds like sweden . 
  do n't come here with logical statements . 
  that 's how i read it too, 
  easily mistaken with for a politician tho, 
  i 'm so done with my country . 
  we 've truly got a bunch of idiots running the country . 
  our pm ca n't even speak english , i 'm not surprised over the results we 've seen the last few years . 
  haha , i forgot about that theory . 
  european -  obama ? 
  agree 'd , pretty crazy . 
  `` i 've got some troubles sleeping '' - `` here you go ima doctah '', 
  that 's what svt was in sweden . 
  was . 
  i understand the issue completely , it 's probably same in the rest of europe were the same kind of media exists . 
  if you 're worried about bbc you should watch sweden 's svt ... 
  it 's more than laughable . 
  what ? 
  never heard about her before , read the twitter exchange ... holy shit . 
  what a complete idiot ?!, 
  i 'm actually amazed . 
  wow . 
  our pm will probably fight for them to get to sweden so we can give them some money and he can apologize . 
  because ... sweden . 
  well , i 'm done with my studies in 1.5 year and then i 'm hopefully out of here . 
  it 's sad though , i 've always loved my country . 
  now i 'm just embarassed to be a swede . 
  to be honest it 's completely out of control . 
  criminals stop doing their illegals businesses to make immigration homes just because you can make so much money doing practically nothing - and that 's our tax money . 
  insane amounts of money are just being thrown away , the latest example was tents with beds - the cost ? 
  170 000 sek  per bed/year < . 
  so thats about 17 000 $ for a bed in a tent per year that the tax payers pay for . 
  some other examples : when some of the ` economic refugees ' come here they refuse to leave the busses , because they 're not happy with the location . 
  they want to be central , as in getting an apartment in stockholm . 
  and guess what ? 
  they 're getting it in places , where people have stood in line to get apartments for 7 + years they come and get in front of the line for those apartments . 
  the care of the elderly is going to hell , meanwhile at the refugee centres food costs 50-60 $ per person per day . 
  we 're talking insane , crazy numbers here . 
  the elderly are getting worse and worse care etc , the unemployment keeps raising . 
  i can keep on going , but if you say any of this in sweden you 're insantly a racist or an islamophobe . 
  yeah , because greece is in the right economic place to accept more refugees ... holy shit . 
  uk seems even more ridic at some points than sweden . 
  yeah i understand you exactly , pretty much the same as in sweden i 'd guess . 
  well done , meanwhile everything goes to hell in sweden . 
  i 'll move to denmark asap , i love copenhagen . 
  agree 'd here they 'll gett free internet acces , gym and great food . 
  basically live better than students and elderly . 
  how 's the situation in germany ? 
  in sweden , where i live , it 's quickly escalating to something horrible . 
  exactly, 
  they make covers for both outcomes like every other paper/news outlet . 
  i live in sweden , so i 'm not sure yet ... l\u00f6fven . . 
  sweden is covered with wood houses , even in the most northern parts . 
  i 'd guess around 90 % . 
  because today is comparable to the middle ages, 
  not really , working with it rather than against seems to work better . 
  have you read something else ? 
  the war against drugs is shown to be bad time after time , how is this not the progressive route to go ? 
  it 's insane what these criminal leagues have in posession . 
  2 is most disturbing and will most certainly become true . 
  we 've got problems in sweden too . 
  not in one city though . 
  everywhere . 
  they 're fucking insane . 
  try going to gothenburg where we have a shit public transit system and the politicians are trying to get rid of all the cars . . . 
  well , no . 
  but ... c'mon . 
  yeah that 's correct . 
  they get everything for free , more money than me ( a student ) without having to pay anything pack etc. 
  yet they complain over the food they get for free , the housing they get for free - often the response is to destroy stuff . 
  it is insane . 
  a family of 4 can get about 30 000 : - sek ( over 3000 euros ) per month tax free ( excl free housing sometimes ) . 
  hotels have stoped taking regular guests and are now housing immigrants because it 's more lucrative . 
  criminals are starting housings like this because it 's more lucrative than shady business even if you pay taxes etc , and the taxes are n't low . 
  it 's not shown on tv . 
  have n't really read anything about it i think . 
  it would be considered racist by alot of mentally confused people here . 
  the leftists even hosted a `` racially challenged '' ( ? ), 
  meeting where white people was n't allowed to attend . 
  the right extremists lit up and answered `` oh , great ... 
  this is what we 've been trying to do for years '' ( but the opposite of course ) . 
  people seem to have lost the ability to think critically at all . 
  the universities have been pretty much safe so far i think . 
  i got a feeling that it will get to the point where the u.s is soon though . 
  with safe spaces , no taco tuesday etc. . 
  beats me . . 
  well ... 
  some change in their tone can be noticed but nothing mayor at all . 
  the budget was just presented and elderly , the police etc is getting less and less resources . 
  immigration - still - gets more and more even though it 's already a crisis . 
  i think a big problem is that the politicians here are actually dumb . 
  very few have relevant education - or a higher education at all . 
  it 's pretty scary . 
  yes . 
  the scary thing is that the majority still live in denial even though the data is clear . 
  probably - no . 
  it has gone too far already and it 's not re-election for a good while .
