  in this particular dutch system , part of the ` tax burden ' is only placed on people that went to college . 
  not saying i agree with that , but it 's simply a different way to redistribute the tax burden . 
  it used to be about 280 a month ; so 13.440 over the course of four years . 
  you 're able to pay that off spread out over 15 years , with a very low interest rate . . so about 80 euros a month . 
  that 's hardly insurmountable . . 
  unless you 're unemployed , and then you do n't have to pay anything . 
  it 's basically a ` tax ' on the money you make thanks to having a college degree . 
  what the hell is up with that ` musical powerpoint presentation ' at the top of the page . 
  yes , and the randstad is more dense than the eastern dutch provinces . 
  you can always go further down into constituent parts ; there are a couple of german cities more densely populated than dutch cities ; and there are perhaps even neighborhoods in that are even more densely populated somewhere else . 
  why not ? 
  because of a superstitious belief that a persons body continues to have worth after death , for the person itself ? 
  a democratically elected parliament voted to have an opt-out donor system . 
  there is no ` state ownership ' . 
  marktwerking all the things !, 
  i do n't understand what the map showing italy 's donation rates is supposed to convey ; it was already rising pretty steadily before they went ` opt-out ' , so there does n't really seem to be that big of a relation there . 
   the assumption should n't be that your carcass is property of the state . 
  well , it 's not property of the state ; specific parts of the deceased will be the future property of those that would have died without the organ . 
  that 's a very easy story to spread by itself , but without sources it 's just scaremongering . 
  we 've had relatively conservative governments for over a decade now ; with center-right and christian-conservative parties represented throughout . 
  right now it 's a coalition with labour , but that 's not enough to offset the right-wing ideology of the biggest party . 
   and we finally outdo netherlands in something yayyy as long as it 's just the perception of doing well , 
  what other parties think matters , in that they would change their own behavior in light of a new election coming up . 
  this makes polling outside of an election period absolutely pointless . 
  that 's a bit comparing apples and oranges , they 're totally different institutions . 
  if elections where held today , every party would have behaved very differently in the previous months . 
  right now , other parties often could n't care less about what the pvv does or says , or how ` popular ' they might be . . because there are n't any repercussions for them . 
  the problem is that being ` middle class ' is n't that normal . 
  there are a lot of people living below the poverty line in the us . 
  comparing myself , being a ` middle-class european ' with a middle-class american is not a fair comparison , because i 'd have a smaller chance of becoming middle-class if i were born in the us . 
  informally , ` average european ' could be read to mean the same as ` statistical median ' . 
  you know what he meant to say , and his point stand about income inequality not being factored in here . 
  these figures are meaningless when not taking into account the gap between the rich and the poor . 
  those ` rich ' us states have , on average , a lot of wealth . . but that 's an average where a high income inequality also means plenty of people fall below a decent income . 
  why do you subtract ` total worth ' from the gdp ? 
  is n't the latter related to turnover/production , and not ` net worth of everything combined ' ? 
  legality of something does not equate to its popularity . 
  d66 and the greens won big time , and they 're heavily pro-european . 
  so the result of a single party is meaningless , as there is n't an evenly divided playing field , with parties scattered between progressive-conservative and lef-right . 
  sure labour lost heavily , but that 's mostly to do with their voters not liking their part in the current coalition government . 
  if populism won then we would have seen big wins for not only the pvv , but also the socialist party and the smaller newcomer parties . 
  instead the majority of votes went to parties that are either very pro or at least ambivalent to the eu . 
   trump felt the us was broken so he ran to the white house to try to fix it , whether he is right or wrong . 
  he * claims * he wanted to fix it , but it turns out he simply wanted to profit from its corruption . 
  just one ; and depending on how many votes that persons party gets he/she gets a seat in parliament . 
  if the party gets fewer seats allotted than the persons ' position on the list , he/she might still get in if there are more votes received than the people above them on the list got . 
  you 're delusional if you think the dutch government would have had the same response to an american official . 
   the lengths pedos go to to try to normalize their depravity no judgements are made , this is a discussion about applying definitions - something you apparently are pretty bad at . 
  if we imagine there 's this 20 year-old guy almost two millennia ago , and this person had sex with a girl aged 12 or 14 . . to apply the definition of pedophelia you 'd need to be able to assess intent . 
  i 'd would therefore probably be better to use the term ` pedosexual ' . 
  i still think an exception would be made for americans . 
  if they 're a tax haven , then that means they 're not really getting that much of those companies right ? 
  are you actually equating apartheid and nuremberg with wearing a headscarf ? 
  they 're not forcing the women to weir nikabs or burqa 's - it 's a simple scarf . 
  when i enter a synagogue anywhere i 'm expected to cover the top of my head as well , or when my girlfriend wants to go into a church she has to cover her shoulders . . - and if we disagree with that we can simply stay away . 
  we do n't need to go to iran , we do n't need to do business with them . 
  if we expect people to obey our laws and customs when they arrive here , we should also obey their rules when we go over there . 
  if you do n't agree with irans laws on headscarves , do n't go there or do business with them . 
  i wo n't go to a mosque or into a synagogue either . 
  reglious means ` believing or adhering to a religion ' ; if you believe in a god your theistic , if you believe in ` something out there ' you may be spiritual . 
  if you have your own set of rituals and beliefs , that does not make your beliefs religious . 
  the definition would be meaningless if it could simply be lumped together . 
  a lot of dutch people , for instance , believe in life after death or ` something theistic ' but do not consider themselves religious ; it 's a valid distinction . 
  having certain beliefs ( theistic or believing in life after death ) does not make one religious ( adhering to the dogmas of a particular religion ) . 
  trump has not been critical of putin and russian once in the past few years , and has only praised them every chance he gets . 
   sure muslims are more likely to be criminals than none muslims just casually dropped that in there ; even though muslims , and other immigrants , are more prone to have a lower social-economic status , leading them to live in poorer neighborhoods , leading them to raise children with a higher chance of poverty as well , leading to them to be more prone to crime . 
  in the us the free speech laws make it easier for people with money to target those without means to defend themselves . 
  if ` anything goes ' than those with resources win . 
  in addition , the protection of ` free speech ' in the us only refers to that regarding the government . 
  when it comes to protection as an employee , i 'd say you 're protected better in a lot of european countries . 
  many employees are in an ` at-will ' situation where their employer does n't even need a good reason for firing them - anything they say or do , in the workplace or online . . anything can be a reason for job loss . 
  in many european countries there 's no such thing , and firing someone takes quite a lot of paperwork and effort from an employers ' point of view . 
   government the government does n't decide who 's guilty or not ; in this particular case the law is quite ambiguous and it 's up to individual judges to interpret the law accordingly . 
  sometimes lawmakers as in ` voted-in politicians ' , sometimes judges themselves in case of jurisprudence . 
  what 's your point ? 
  a judge is n't ` the government ' . . ? 
  ` trias politica ' and all . 
  only if politicians become populists and are swayed by public opinion to change their vote . 
  it is binding in the sense that a law must be drafted and put to a vote ; not that parliament has to vote accordingly . 
  their goal is to reduce very complex issues to a simple ` yes/no ' question , and remove the need for thinking about any of the consequences . 
  this is n't about not ` trusting ' the average dutchman , or believing they are too stupid to understand these complex issues . . it 's a matter of principle where our government exists due to a representative parliamentary democracy . 
  we elect people to study the issues and vote on our behalf . 
  a binding referendum can , in one lapse of judgment or low voter turnout due to apathy , undermine the entire democratic process . 
  well , it 's not a binding referendum . . so me not voting should n't really have an impact either way . 
  ah indeed , 2005 , 
  no , a small percentage of eligible voters ` advised ' to reject the proposal . 
  there are no binding referenda in the netherlands , and only 32 % bothered to vote . 
  you ca n't say `` a majority rejected . . '' , since you ca n't blame people to not vote in a non-binding referendum . 
  for instance , i 'm heavily against referenda since they dumb down complex issues to ` yes/no ' questions . . which defeats the purpose of a representative parliamentary democracy . 
  so acting as if a ` raadgevend referendum ' is binding is unconstitutional . 
  why the tiny low-resolution picture ? 
  how does that make them right-wing ? 
  their record during the cabinet with vvd ? 
  us workers have to put in a lot more hours every year ; about 1800 , whereas germans top out at 1360 . 
  of course the us is an economic and productivity powerhouse - but at what cost ? 
  priorities just are n't the same in many european countries compared to the us . 
  income inequality is lower , average wages are lower , taxes are higher , but therefore economic uncertainty is lower as well . 
  a difference in ethos ; live to work , or work to live . 
  for the benelux at least it 's a matter of well-lit infrastructure connecting hundreds of smaller cities , instead of a single hub . 
  in belgium a lot of highways are permanently lit ( with an absurdly high number of lights ) , [ and in the west of the netherlands a large portion of the light comes from greenhouses ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?safe=off&amp;client=safari&amp;rls=en&amp;biw=1394&amp;bih=817&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;q=westland+greenhouses&amp;oq=westland+greenhouses&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3..0i24k1l4.10587.11996.0.12094.12.12.0.0.0.0.133.834.9j2.11.0....0...1.1.64.psy-ab..1.11.832...0j0i67k1j0i8i30k1.ezfsdniuqpa ) .
