  lmao, 
  oh fucking whatever man , if you want to be an insufferable / r/atheism wanker who thinks religion is some sort of incomprehensible evil then continue as you are . 
  clearly the idea that different people have different ideas of how 2000 year old texts should be applied to modern life completely surpasses you . 
   if you believe the net impact of religion is a positive , you 're a subservient atheist : you consider religious people inherently superiour and admit that you should , by all means , be religious . 
  literally what are you on about ? 
  if i do n't believe in god , then i 'm not religious . 
  how does ` superiority ' ( whatever that 's supposed to mean ) come into it ? 
   i never said or implied i wanted to do that . 
  ` both are problematic , both have been forces for oppression and violence throughout their existence '  not in the quran , but you brought up hadith , so they 're fair game a hadith which not all muslims agree with or follow . 
  that is the point of a hadith . 
   most are pretty selective : the parts about stoning adulterers ? 
  no longer relevant . 
  the parts about homosexuality as an abomination worthy of scorn , hatred and often violence ? 
  still relevant . 
  _ amongst conservative christians _ . 
  i do n't understand how this is a difficult concept to understand - liberal christians do n't follow this part of scripture . 
   you can say it over and over again , wo n't make it true . 
  nice of you to actually provide any narrative to the contrary . 
   christianity and islam have a lot of exceptions : do not kill ... unless it 's an adulterer ; do not kill ... unless the target is homosexual ; do not kill ... unless the child disrespected his parents ; ... and _ all _ of these are clearly still relevant and followed , of course ...  antiquity was more progressive than the middle ages , how fucked up is that ? 
  well that 's completely debateable . 
  we 're arguing from the exact same standpoint . 
  i do n't believe religion is inherently bad because it brings a lot of happiness into normal people 's lives , and i do n't see why anyone should take that away from them on grounds of ` but god is n't real !!! ', 
  because _ it does n't fucking matter _ . 
  why do you want to force people who find solace in a higher being or an afterlife or whatever to confront the idea that there 's nothing , if they are n't even harming anyone else ? 
   religions are ideologies . 
  religions are not political ideologies purely because they are completely open to interpretation . 
  a liberal priest projects his liberal views onto the bible and cherrypicks the relevant passages/weighs relative importance to them over the more archaic old testament stuff . 
  a more conservative priest will project his own conservative views in the opposite way , giving more importance to stuff like ` that leviticus passage ' to justify their own beliefs . 
  ultimately we are going to have more socially conservative religious people since , most of the time , socially liberal ideologies are critical of religion . 
  having said that , there are still socially liberal religious people . 
  this is what i mean by religion not being an ideology - the holy texts seem to simply exist for projection onto by the reader . 
   you also appear to be a very `` tolerant '' theist i 'm an atheist , as covered . 
   the whole `` interpretation '' concept had to be brought in because the truth claims made by holy books were being shown wrong . 
  what used to be considered literal is now considered figurative/metaphorical ... because science advanced . 
  this is completely wrong . 
  the qu ` ran , for example , is said ( i have n't read it ) to be written like a poem , and is supposed to be a very beautiful work of art . 
  if something meets the stylistic criteria to be a poem , there will inevitably be some room for interpretation . 
  you can even see this in real life , with law . 
  when judges must make judgement against cases where the offence is something of a grey area , the judge looks to the [ _ intent _ ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statutory_interpretation#general_principles ) of the law . 
  this can be seen in ideas like the [ legal golden rule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_rule_ ( law ) ) , where a ruling can ( rarely ) go precisely against the wording of the law , if the situation demands it . 
  for that matter , certain denominations and individuals outrightly do not follow whole sections of religious text ( especially in christianity ) - most denominations of christianity consider the old testament to be abrogated , and hence the stuff about genocide and revenge etc etc is not longer relevant . 
   `` stalinists have done horrible things , but stalinism is n't to blame . '', 
  i 've already said that political ideologies and religion are not comparable . 
   those christians and muslims did what their holy books commanded them to !, 
  and how about the christians and muslims who understand that their god promotes worldwide peace ? 
  ` love thy neighbour ' , generally believed to be the ` golden rule ' of christianity ? 
  which , incidentally , exists in islam also . 
   it 's textbook special pleading to exonerate religions from the responsibility of the acts they inspire . 
  because it is n't the religion . 
  there are millions of christians and muslims who , while some of them might hold socially conservative views , are n't joining isis or anything similar . 
  if i were to point the finger of blame , it would be at conservatism and ultranationalism . 
  and isis , ultimately , are an ultranationalistic group who want to set up an islamic state by force . 
   the dogma does not evolve yes it does . 
  theologians are constantly considering how the holy books apply to the present day . 
  pretty much every pope since john paul ii has mentioned how the bible should have no impact on scientific understanding . 
   the holy books are never corrected again , yes they are . 
  in islam , religious scholars consider different hadiths to be more important than others . 
  on top of that , they release [ fatwas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fatwa ) - which , tieing into what i said before about interpretation : ` the term for the legal opinion or learned interpretation that the sheikhul islam , a qualified jurist or mufti , can give on issues pertaining to the islamic law '  which is why they have been millenial forces for the defense the status quo and all progress had to be hard-fought against them this is a fairly simplistic view . 
  let 's not forget that a thousand years ago , the monks/equivalent religious disciples were the most learned in the land . 
   i would have choked had i been drinking something . 
  do you even know what the enlightenment is ? 
  i 'm baffled . 
  i 'm sure you 're familiar with the concept of causality ...  because we would n't have somehow created equivalents of those ? 
  did we need religion for that ? 
  what the fuck is this even supposed to mean ? 
  ` we would have created equivalents without religion ' ? 
  how can you possibly say that ? 
  for that matter , how is that even relevant considering that we did n't ? 
   you can have that without religion , too . 
  completely banal point to attempt to make . 
  some religious people find peace in a deity . 
  i do n't see how that is particularly replaceable , or even why we should bother attempting to replace it if it does n't make them cause any harm . 
   you know about deism , right ? 
  deism is also a religion . 
  how about our entire judeo-christian based law system ? 
  human rights ? 
  the enlightenment ? 
  communities built around religion as a stabilising factor ? 
  charity ? 
  the personal happiness some feel in believing in some form of meaning in the world ? 
  i completely disagree . 
  the lethal injection has a reputation for being ` quick ' and ` painless ' , when more often than not it 's [ extremely painful ] ( http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn7269-execution-by-injection-far-from-painless.html#.vxxah_lvhbc ) , when it is n't being [ completely botched ] ( http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/some-examples-post-furman-botched-executions ) . 
  some states in the us have even started to resort to [ human experimentation ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jan/14/oklahoma-experimental-lethal-injection-protocol-supreme-court ) , trying out new , ` untested ' chemicals and concoctions to kill their inmates . 
  and when it 's not the lethal injection , it 's firing squads , gas chambers , or the electric chair . 
  in what sense is that more ` humane ' than stoning ? 
  especially considering they both achieve the same result ( i.e dead people ) , they 're equally as barbaric as each other - it does n't matter _ what _ crime these people decide is ` bad enough ' , they 're violating a basic human right , which is unacceptable regardless of how much they ` deserve it ' . 
  portraying it as a ` muslim threat ' is reductionist and suggests that all muslims are likely to be as extreme , which i think you would disagree with . 
  let 's call it what it actually is and call it an extremist threat . 
  thank you . 
  got ta point out destructive persecution of others when it happens . 
  sorry that you 're getting downvoted for stating an opinion !, 
   you wont find a big christian country where 80 + % believe in stoning or killing adulterers/apostates . 
  i can find a pretty big christian country where a majority believe in the death penalty full stop . 
  i frankly do n't care any more that people want the death penalty for apostasy , than that people want the death penalty for _ any _ crime . 
  especially with the [ rate of false execution in the us sitting at 4 % ... at a _ conservative _ estimate . 
  ] ( http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2014/04/23/1306417111 )  as islam has far higher percentage of extremists than christianity because more muslim countries are unstable than christian countries , which are , by and large , stable !, 
  considering that we know that instability and fear breeds resentment and extreme views , it 's not such a huge leap of logic to suggest that instable countries are more likely to have extremists - and extremists in muslim majority countries are likely to use the common , uniting factor to amass power ? 
   when someone commits atrocities in the name of a political ideology that condones said atrocity , nobody uses the `` abusing it '' litany . 
  probably because political ideologies and religious views are not even slightly comparable . 
  in fact they 're pretty much entirely separate unless an ideology ( e.g islamism , christian theocracy ) specifically incorporates it .
