  personally , i believe that the status quo is n't as bad as people make it out to be . 
  the only restrictions imposed by the ukrainian constitutional chapter on the status of the ukrainian language are that ukraine shall be taught in schools and that national organs are to use ukrainian as a means to adopt new laws . 
  regional languages ( depending on the region/villiage : russian , hungarian , romanian , moldovan , crimean tatar * de jure * ) * can * be used as mediums of communication in education as well as local and/or oblast governance without restrictions . 
  i think that the law , as it stands , provides a very nice balance between the preservation of the ukrainian language and regional needs . 
  hey there , and welcome to the sub !, 
  if you plan on visiting cities in eastern ukraine , i would personally advise you to stay roughly 100km away from the ato ( anti-terrorist operation ) zone . 
  that way , if the situation * heavily * deteriorates , you 'll have enough time to get out of where you are . 
  both kharkiv and dnipropetrovsk fit this criteria and are between 200 and 500km away from the ato zone . 
  i should note that kharkiv is around 40km away from the russian border to the north though , but i find no need to worry ; a full scale russian and/or separatist insurgency is really unlikely at this point . 
  although odessa is * very * far away from the ato zone , the sbu ( the internal security service ) has raided a few locations where separatist offensives were planned . 
  as of now , the situation there is fully under control and terrorist attacks are , just like in the example above , * extremely * unlikely . 
  all in all , i consider the danger to be minimal . 
  remember that your luggage will be searched by the border patrol , more so than e.g. 
  3 years ago . 
  with that said , do n't take anything with you that could remotely even look like contraband ( loose electronic components that could be mistaken for bomb switches , weapon imitations , white modeling clay that could be mistaken for a plastic explosives , etc. 
  ) , unless you are capable of explaining yourself in ukrainian to the border guards and/or are travelling with someone who speaks the language . 
  hopefully i did n't make ukraine seem like the most dangerous place on earth , i 'm just saying that there are certain precautions worth taking . 
  with that said , let me answer the rest of your questions one-by-one :, 
   has traveling become more dangerous ? 
  traveling has n't become more dangerous if you stay some 100km away from the ato zone . 
   has traveling become more expensive ? 
  traveling will be cheaper for you since the value of the ukrainian hryvna relative to the euro dropped by around 100 % in the last two years . 
  to give you an idea of what this means for you , a loaf of bread ( around 1kg ) will cost around 10 euro cents for you , or less depending on the region . 
   should i expect more hostile situations along the way ? 
  or would i barely notice a thing if i stay away from luhansk and donetsk ? 
  hostilities on the front are slowly escalating and the ceasefire is falling apart . 
  as long as you stay away from there , you 'll be completely fine . 
  just stick to the 100km rule of thumb . 
   and maybe as a last question - would it be possible to travel to luhansk/donetsk region fairly safe ? 
  if you * do * want to go to donetsk/luhansk , stay in the territory controlled by ukrainian forces . 
  however , i should add that the the liberated cities have been shelled by separatist forces as a form of revenge for taking away what they captured . 
  stuff like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_lcqmuwpoo ) ( filmed in kramatorsk , donetsk which was re-captured by ukrainian forces shortly before the video was made ) * could * happen unannounced , which is why i advise you to stay away from those regions if safety is a number one concern . 
  what i strongly advise against is visiting the ato zone . 
  that is where stuff gets unpredictable . 
  if you do , expect shelling and a judiciary system that is absolutely unclear to anyone at the moment ( e.g. 
  '' [ people 's courts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fv70udyuqlc ) '' in some cities ) . 
  with that said , happy travelling !, 
  i 'm sure you 'll love ukraine , just keep away from the hot spots and you 'll be completely fine . 
  it means `` russian world '' and is a propaganda tool used by the kremlin media to describe what it believes to be the `` rightful '' russian sphere of influence . 
  what the international community * should * do is give more arms , military equipment and instructive personnel to the ukrainian army , plus defense systems that would protect the border against mlrss . 
  having [ iron domes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_dome ) around the ukrainian border would certainly benefit the situation . 
  unfortunately , it seems as if two factors are in the way of that happening : first , the west does n't seem to care enough about ukraine and its aspirations to join the european union . 
  all the west sees is that a confrontation with russia * could * have terrible consequences , which is why the western world has distanced itself from the situation , reducing its help to strongly worded statements and sanctions that will soon expire . 
  second , the ukrainian government , although much better in terms of upholding the rule of law than the previous government , still faces strong and valid allegations of corruption , which discredit those in power in face of the international community . 
  nevertheless , i support the west asserting its interests in ukraine . 
  russia is * literally * the only country in the world that is against ukraine joining the western world . 
  i personally believe that putin has miscalculated the situation somewhat , however . 
  because of russia 's creation and support of armed separatist groups , ukraine will be weak in the short term . 
  but in the long term , nothing is going to prevent ukraine from growing its economy and aligning itself with the west for good . 
  putin has created so much resentment amongst ukrainians that the last thing ukrainians want is to be aligned with russia . 
  to get a political alliance with ukraine , putin should have subsidized ukraine marshall plan-style instead of fostering a corrupt government and sending bombs to anti-ukrainian forces after the ukrainian people overthrew him . 
  had he contributed to ukraine 's well being instead of trying to destabilize it , the ukrainians would most likely have * loved * to be on russia 's side in regards to geopolitics -- but sadly , russia 's leadership chose to go the over way . 
  reminds me of the saying `` if the only tool you have is a hammer , every problem has to look like a nail '' . 
  indeed , it looks like you 're right . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't know enough about weapons tech , but iron beam looks pretty promising !, 
   banning of russian language in ukraine, 
  ... you 're calling * me * a troll ? 
  thank you for providing a translation !, 
  yes . 
  good to hear it 's safe out there !, 
  whoever denies direct russian involvement in this conflict should just take a look at the novoazovsk offensive . 
  otherwise , it would seem strange that a territory that is 200km south of the ato zone suddenly became `` dnr '' controlled territory . 
  you 're very welcome , have fun on your trip !, 
  `` suicide by cop '' is when somebody actually * tries * to get killed by a law enforcement officer ( e.g. 
  pulling a bb gun on a cop and threatening to kill them ) . 
  that 's not how you contribute to a conversation in good faith . 
  i find it somewhat irritating that not all flags have the same exact colors ... 
  honestly , i do n't know if the ukrainian constitution foresees which exact colors shall be used . 
  personally , i prefer a darker blue ( as on the flag of the far-right humvee in the central column ) . 
  indeed , it is n't , it just gives away disorganization , just like having multiple different uniforms and equipment . 
  clearly , repainting them should be a priority , but it should also be noted that the east of ukraine is mostly flatland with few forests , which is why the effect of having another camo would n't be a game changer . 
  pure opportunism has replaced the initial patriotic fervor . 
  they 're keeping it `` just in case '' the situation in russia worsens heavily , or when ukraine will be granted entry into the eu , which is when they will be able to look for jobs in the west that will pay them twenty times more than what they make now . 
  i believe it 's just a matter of time . 
  i think 7-15 years in the future is a reasonable estimation . 
  i believe the eu does n't want turkey for several reasons that do n't concern ukraine , like the fact that 97 % of the country is in asia and borders iraq , iran and syria and the fact that it 's not a `` european-style '' democracy . 
  culturally speaking , turkey is very far from eu countries as well , which scares away many member states who fear mass immigration upon acceptance . 
  i believe that in order to counteract russian destabilization , the first step is to invest as much money as possible into defense technology , to hold the border to the ato zone and to recognize the new border , thereby resigning its claim to crimea and the occupied territories in the east of the donbass . 
  ukraine would have to swallow its pride , but that 's better than having a frozen conflict and border conflicts with other geopolitical entities , something that stands in the way of nato or eu membership . 
  second , the corruption problem needs to be addressed with the biggest possible rigor . 
  after that , it 's all about finding ways to get investors into ukraine to start repairing its torn economy . 
  it would certainly take a very long time , but i believe the sooner ukraine recognizes that part of its territory does n't de-facto belong to it anymore , the sooner economic change can occur , and the sooner talks about eu and nato memberships could commence . 
   lady : ... because there where provocations . 
   interviewer : huh ? 
  what are you talking abou -, 
   lady : provocations . 
   interviewer : where ? 
   interviewer : what kind of provocations ? 
   lady : yes . 
  later on :, 
   interviewer : [ what cause are you demonstrating for ? ], 
   man : here . 
  * ( points at banner ) *, 
   interviewer : i have read it , i do n't understand what it means . 
   man : me neither . 
  this is the funniest thing i 've seen in a while on the sub . 
  i thought everything that was n't white was the ozone hole having grown to incredible proportions . 
  climate change , man . 
  he was talking about psychologists , not about psychiatrists . 
  the opa is an organization concerning psychologists .
