  - the red lotus symbol : http://fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2014/225/2/c/more_tlok_leaks__by_worldends4me-d7v0ewd.jpg, 
  - the equalist symbol : http://images.wikia.com/avatar/images/archive/f/fd/20120527201132!equalists_icon.png, 
   they 're just bunch of angry and aggressive people, 
  i am appalled at your broad generalization of the ukrainian population . 
  it is easy to generalize and to draw simplifications when the amount of data at your disposal is limited -- i therefore ask you to conduct an in-depth research of polish and ukrainian relations before branding off one of the parties as `` angry and aggressive '' and realize that the conflict between the two nations is not only confined to the volhynia massacre , but to a wide array of other historical events , most of them relating to the build up of nationalism on both sides during the second half of the 19th century , the power vacuum created by the collapse of the austrian-hungarian empire as well as the war between poland and ukraine that has followed during 1918 and 1919 . 
  i shall provide credible references on request . 
  before being accused of using tu quoque tactics and whataboutery , i would like to proclaim that my previous statement was in no way meant to be apologetic of the volhynia massacre or other injustices committed by our nation to that of poland , but rather to show an alternative to the logically fallacious perspective of the black and white mentality . 
  it pains me to see only one point of view of a complex historical process to be presented , only to demonize the other party involved without giving it due consideration and to then draw simplistic conclusions from it , i.e. 
  that `` they 're just bunch of angry and aggressive people '' . 
  selective attention in regards to historical events , especially when proliferated on platforms where simplistic and forgone conclusions are preferred to in-depth analysis due to their compactness and accessibility is devoid of respect not only towards the ignored party , but towards history itself . 
  in other news : liveleak , ltd. went bankrupt due to the abrupt cessation of the upload of dash cam videos featuring freak accidents . 
  i did n't quite catch that one . 
  i 'm glad this got posted twice , for i would have missed on the awesomeness of the video otherwise . 
  i must say that i am extremely disappointed by some of the comments in here . 
  how can one let their anger at a freak occurrence let turn into `` fuck it , let them all die '' ? 
  could you please remind me of why the ability to comment exists in the first place ? 
  i seem to have forgotten . 
  the fandom named it after an actual sport called [ wingsuit flying ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wingsuit_flying ) . 
  however , `` lemur suits '' makes much more sense and will hopefully be the official name for it . 
  talks about race issues when ... 
   typical white guy logic, 
  you should help him , i believe he is having a stroke of some sort . 
  we have n't seen her in the trailer at all . 
  iirc , iroh looked for his son in the spirit world . 
  seeing that he was a rather spiritual person , he might have had some grounds in doing so . 
  i should probably add that amongst all the scenes where korra was traveling in seemingly remote locations in the trailer , naga was nowhere to be seen . 
  probably !, 
  why / s ? 
  the social healthcare factor is extremely important and noteworthy . 
  i had an atypical pneumonia when i was young -- my parents would have probably gone bankrupt if i were to have lived in the us . 
  glad you like it !, 
  i feel like the eu is very quickly becoming what the us was to foreigners back in the early 20th century : a beacon of opportunity ( free education , free healthcare ) and freedom ( last time i checked , we did n't have our national intel agencies spying on us ) . 
  very interesting , i did n't know the bnd was involved in spying . 
  i 'm glad they did what they did . 
  i do n't get why everyone wants the comics to be animated * so * badly -- they offer just about the same degree of immersion as the series . 
  yes , probably . 
  i 've just seen the tweet . 
  thank you !, 
  do you remember when she sandbent a miniature version of ba sing se including a tiny earth king and bosco ? 
  i believe it was in the first part of sozin 's comet . 
  it seems as if her feet see pretty well . 
  could you please give me the link to gliderupvote and gliderdownvote ? 
  i ca n't make much out of what is provided by the stylesheet . 
  i just want to turn them into greyscale in case you do n't have the time , so you could eventually replace the blank up and down vote icons . 
  book 4 will be 5 hours long in total . 
  i 'm sure that she 'll have plenty of time of mastering a new bending subset . 
  bloodbending oneself sounds like a feasible plan . 
  i also balanced out some imperfections with upglider . 
  posting this since you wo n't get a notification of me editing the other comment :, 
  here 's downglider . 
  i do n't know what happened during the imgur upload , it seemed to have been lost . 
  spoilers in titles are against this subreddits rules . 
   god damn racists !, 
  use hola , it 's an excellent extension for chrome that allows you to bypass the problem you are experiencing . 
   * terrist *, 
  sheesh , gets you 're grammar strait . 
  me too . 
  i 'm really excited for toph though !, 
  glad they left her out of the trailer . 
  what ? 
  i do n't get why everyone calls kuvira fascist . 
  there are no indications pointing to that . 
  feel free to prove me wrong . 
  i would personally draw the parallel yet again to communism -- most specifically stalinism . 
  stalin actually went on a train that went from city to city , enforcing collectivization . 
  thank you , 
  i just hope she has some ulterior motive , otherwise the whole season is justvery predictable . 
   for us to get the characters [ ... ] to be where [ they need ] to be , we needed a 3 year skip . 
  is n't he essentially confirming what i previously said ? 
  to try and skip moments of clear character development and just present the final , matured character ? 
  patrick = avatar kyoshi, 
  no it 's not a clockwork orange ... 
  i 'm sure the australian military would have to deal with mutiny and would be relatively incapable of addressing a civilian uprising . 
  bordering india and china , not exactly what i would locate in the middle east ... 
  [ that 's not ... well ... never mind . 
  ah , too bad i 'm so late to the thread . 
  aside from the occasional, 
   i challenge you to shoot yourself in the foot, 
  one guy challenged me to join him and try to crack [ cicada 3301 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cicada_3301 ) . 
  you are now a moderator of / r/pyongyang . 
  it felt weird hearing her say `` a as in aang '' . 
  that 's when i realized that she never said `` aang '' in a : tla . 
  they ported the nightmarish hallucinations characteristic of ptsd magnificently . 
  i ca n't wait until friday . 
  [ clarification intensifies ], 
  i am bryke 's inspiration from fight club . 
  wow . 
  how come , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  in reality , it does n't really matter , but i assume that the first method you brought up * could * yield better results . 
  but i suggest plugging your nose and trying to breathe . 
  if you fail to breathe in , you 're in reality . 
  if you succeed , you are in a dream . 
  this works 100 % of a time . 
  i am suggesting this because it is frustrating to try other rcs where you end up performing them in a dream to no avail -- like pushing your finger through your palm or checking your hands for extra fingers . 
  good luck !, 
  definitely better than being stuck somewhere you hate . 
  good luck with your music career !, 
  `` war is like rock paper scissors but with people instead of o 's and x 's '', 
  it 's nothing . 
  wow , i ca n't believe this legitimate question is getting down voted so badly .
