  i seem to have forgotten . 
  ^ ( feel free to use it for writing creepypasta !, 
  i think we have a contender to [ the award of the most unnecessary use of earth bending . 
  i think he deserves his arrows most , he clearly has mastered airbending and spirituality like no one else . 
  [ there is but one way . 
  takes after her father !, 
  i completely agree . 
  this episode was pure plot diarrhea . 
  it was enjoyable nevertheless , i just feel like the pacing was just way too fast . 
  but the fight with tenzin was before he could fly . 
  tenzin would have had no chance against him post-void . 
  ** tl ; dr : if anyone here thinks about escaping their life by running away , please do n't . 
  the consequences are more tragic than you might imagine . 
  the thing is , this actually happened . 
  when i was 32 years old ( keep in mind this was in the mid-90s ) i found out that my wife was cheating on me . 
  i probably should n't have been snooping around and reading her emails , but i had my suspicions and was glad that i did what i did , so please do n't lecture me on that . 
  i would n't be the man i am today if i did n't do what i did on that fateful day . 
  i decided to leave everything behind . 
  my job , my friends , my family . 
  i hated every bit of it and suffered from depression for the last few years . 
  the only thing that has held me back from killing myself was the birth of my son james ; i just could n't do that to him . 
  when i found out about my wife cheating , i hired a pi who had confirmed that she had been exchanging emails with her lover for the last few years . 
  they frequently met on one of her `` business trips '' . 
  i was devastated , not even knowing whether or not the toddler in that crib in our living room was even mine . 
  in an act of impulse , i have written a note that announced my leave . 
  i kissed my son good bye and left , consequently cutting off all contact with anyone i have known : i was set on starting a new life . 
  i wanted to do something big . 
  since i am starting to deviate from the question op has asked , long story short , i have started am it company in japan ( who would have thought that they treat electrical engineers with a degree from the us as gods ? ), 
  and have made more money than i can count . 
  the company is listed on the nasdaq . 
  at some point , my remorse caught up with me . 
  i fell into depression again . 
  i did n't know how i would do it , but i knew that i would have to meet my son and see how he is doing ; after having made so much money , you realize of how little importance it is , and that the things that are truly worthwhile ca n't be bought . 
  i took the first plane to oregon and went to the house we used to live in . 
  this was in 2009 , at the height of the financial crisis . 
  the house was bleak , the walls were falling apart . 
  i could n't believe that i have kept all my riches to myself . 
  i knocked on the door and a woman who looked very familiar opened it . 
  it was my wife . 
  she had grey hair all and a dead stare on her face . 
  she just looked so ... empty . 
  when she recognized me , she started crying . 
  i hugged her in complete disbelief that she was n't mad at me . 
  i was just excited to be reunited with my family . 
  `` where ... where is james ? '', 
  i asked with a tearful voice . 
  she looked at me for a few seconds and then said something i 'll never forget . 
  `` i 'm ... 
  i 'm so sorry , he ... when he was 14 ... 
  i could n't believe it . 
  my world fell apart . 
  i started crying as well . 
  feelings of despair , anguish and depression have hit me like a roaring train . 
  with a breaking voice and while holding my wife in my arms , i asked `` is ... is there anything you need ? 
  '' , seeing as she was clearly falling apart . 
  she opened her mouth and spoke slowly . 
  i 'll need about tree fiddy . '', 
  that 's when i realized that my wife was actually a 14 story tall crustacean from the paleozoic era . 
  `` damnit loch ness monster , you ai n't getting me this time ! '', 
  i screamed at it and left . 
  i have since resumed my business activity in japan , where hopefully that beast wo n't haunt me again . 
  - well , now we know what `` the colossus '' is . 
  i wonder how bataar jr. is going to tie in with the rest of the story , now that kuvira betrayed him ... 
  - it was interesting to see the tv y7 logo next to the scene where kuvira destroyed the watchtower and bascially killed everyone on it . 
  tlok does n't try to mask the deaths like they did in mid-season 1 , where the the pilots of destroyed equalist planes were seen parachuting to the ground . 
  - also , how is mr. sato going to contribute to the finale ? 
  - moreover , although i would really like it to , i doubt that korrasami is going to happen . 
  there 's just too little time to let them bond in the upcoming finale . 
  zhu li and varrick , however ... 
  he was in one of the scenes featuring people 's reactions to the radio broadcast . 
  or maybe he 'll be the one mortally wounded from the ray , and his last words will include some hint about some weakness of the colossus . 
  keep calm . 
  thinking about it will make it worse . 
  i believe that this might be a side effect of fild which prevents your body from entering proper sleep paralysis , which then has no way of telling wether you are asleep or not . 
  do n't take my word for it , however . 
  what i said is nothing but a meek and unfounded hypothesis . 
  do n't try to ld ( especially fild ! ), 
  this night . 
  you should be fine tomorrow . 
  on the unlikely off-chance that you wo n't be fine , go to your doctor . 
  if you notice that you are suffering from any delusions or hallucinations , call the emergency . 
  do n't let the above scare you . 
  again , you are most likely going to be fine . 
  good luck . 
  no problem !, 
  however , i would n't say that fild should be avoided , though perhaps there is indeed something as doing it too much . 
  wild is scary as hell , haha . 
  your case is certainly very interesting and could point us into an interesting direction as far as dream research goes . 
  for the sake of science , could you give us an update as to how you will feel tomorrow ? 
  that would be fantastic . 
  i should add that perhaps avoiding drugs ( obviously excluding prescribed medication ) and alcohol , as well as straining yourself excessively ( e.g. 
  working out ) for today would also be a good idea , you know , to be on the safe side of things . 
  hope you 'll be fine , just get your rest . 
  if this were so , i wonder why the asami-hiroshi bonding scene took up so much screen time . 
  oh well , no need to discuss since the finale is upon us . 
  oh , and please write the nature of the spoiler ( e.g. 
  `` finale preview spoiler ahead '' ) before the text you intend to cover with the black bar . 
  x airbenders who decided to stay, 
  y interrupting reiko 's meetings, 
  you 'll find a way if you want to join in .
