  - communists, 
  - anarchists, 
  - blacks, 
  - british, 
  - people with mental illnesses, 
  - people with genetical disorders, 
  choose * one * . 
  even if the question were n't exclusive , you would n't expect somebody from even high school to know all of these . 
  since the educator ca n't expect them to know all , they will often simplify the greater issue into a smaller one , occluding groups that were equally harassed by hitler . 
  the question is even worse than the answer provided by the student . 
  in general , it seems as if most songs only make sense if you are either in love or have been dumped . 
  same here . 
  ^ ( and baby i 'll ruuuuuuuuuu-uuu-uuu-ule ), 
  especially lil wayne 's bit . 
  but , then again , i do n't appreciate any of his music . 
  i shall take his arrow , eyebrows and beard away . 
  * do n't move . 
  * wait * right here * . 
  edit : [ muahahahaha ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/thelastairbender/comments/2nmau0/no_spoilers_with_the_series_finale_approaching_i/ ), 
  the one from kim possible . 
  i feel like i 'm about to embark on a secret mission every time i get a text . 
  however , feeling like a pre-teen girl shortly after negates that effect . 
  i have watched most of the tedx speeches , and i have to say that having learned [ how to tie shoes in a way they do n't untie themselves shorty after ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/terry_moore_how_to_tie_your_shoes ) is one of the most useful skills i have acquired . 
  the last thing you want is falling flat onto your face when a zombie is running behind you . 
  basic finance/tax handling/how to make and keep a budget . 
  i know too many who are overrun by credit card debt , i wonder what their life would be like if somebody taught to them in school that using a credit card to buy shit you do n't need is one of the worst habits a young adult can possibly acquire . 
  did n't directly say anything , but i guess that passive aggressive innuendos count too . 
  that i have had copious amounts of sexual activity with multiple women after the break-up ... we 've all been there . ^ right ^ guys ? ^ guys ? 
  powerplants . 
  fuck all of you i fucking love electricity . 
  i would let them free in a big airplane , shout `` they all have ebola !, 
  ruuuuuuuun ! '', 
  and watch . 
  i ca n't believe i have n't thought of that . 
  have an upvote . 
  oh , and may i call you o-acetylpsilocin ? 
  sometimes i imagine how schools in 400 years will analyze and interpret those lyrics like we do with old poetry nowadays . 
   `` the booty refers to the buttocks of a woman whose life has been centered around the concept of african american slavery , which is most noticeable when looking at the name of the grand lyricist who has composed this fine poem : 2-chainz . 
   the intentionally misspelled name of his lyrical genius is a silent nod to the low level of education in lower class american communities . 
  the effect is further amplified with the repetition of ` big booty ' , which quietly alarms the listener of the dread and lack of both inspiration and perspective amongst those communities . 
   this combination of sheer depression culminates when once again looking at the name of the composer : this piece shows without a doubt how modern day wage-slavery , which stems from ignorance induced by low-tier education , and the slavery of the pre-lincoln era have more in commons than one might think . '', 
  til that gaslighting is when your master makes you believe he threw the frisby but did n't in reality, 
  my friend and i where in the shady part of our town where drug dealers are rampant . 
  as we walked around that place ( beautiful scenery , next to a river , some amazing graffiti and ice cream shops ) , someone asked us if we wanted to try cocaine . 
  me being who i am , i asked him for how much . 
  neither my friend nor i have ever done drugs , essentially we were the whitest people in a 2 mile radius , but i was curious . 
  the dealer walks up to me and tells me something along the lines of `` depends on how much you buy '' . 
  my friend visibly wants to speedwalk away from the scene . 
  i continue to ask `` but like , how much per gram ? '', 
  dealer comes even closer to my face to the point where it starts getting uncomfortable . 
  `` why you wan na know ? '', 
  was his obviously menacing answer . 
  i knew this was a bad situation , since they ( his friend was with him ) saw us walk past them half an hour ago . 
  probably thought we were rival dealers . 
  and so i come up with something that i 'm surprised has n't killed me . 
  imagine an 18 year old privileged white kid with a high voice . 
  `` we are just students studying finance and business and are currently writing our masters thesis about street prices of drugs and factors pertaining to their inflation and deflation as well as their statistical distribution '' . 
  dealer suddenly opens his eyes really wide , then relaxed them , and calmly tells me * everything * about street prices of cocaine . 
  he spoke very professionally and eloquently , which was surprising considering that a few seconds ago he was talking like anyone from whom you 'd expect to bludgeon you on the spot . 
  i thanked him , he smiled and we parted ways . 
  his sudden shift from hostility to friendliness was very weird : i had to look back multiple times to make sure he was n't charging me with a baseball bat . 
  so yeah , i did make things worse but it turned out ok in the end . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : i swear , at least 10 % of drug dealers on the street have an mba . 
  do n't worry , [ i uploaded the creepy frame of hair - and arrowless tenzin , just for you . 
  mr. white , what 's with the arrow ? 
  watt the fuck are you guys talking about, 
  when i was ready to face them , i knew that telling them would change the lives of us all . 
  we lived in a trailer park and were dirt poor , we were actually rather stereotypical rednecks living in the middle of nowhere in tennessee . 
  the thing is , when you have no money , there are very few ways of entertaining yourself . 
  my parents have entertained themselves with religion ; they were completely devoted to god and lived by the bible every day . 
  for me , my favorite way of entertaining myself in a low-cost manner was to go to parties and get laid . 
  we did n't have sex-ed back in the day ; i just knew that liked the feeling of having sex . 
  i lost my virginity at a party when i was 14 . 
  when i was 15 , i hooked up with this girl from my class i was very into . 
  we were kind of like fuck buddies at the time , but i slowly developed feelings for her . 
  one day she called me and told me that her period was late . 
  we drove to the city and bought three pregnancy tests , all three have turned out to be positive . 
  she started crying and we spent the rest of the day wandering around the creek of our village . 
  then , at some point , when we both watched the sun go down , she confessed her feelings for me and said that she wanted to keep it . 
  i was full of joy and felt ready to assume my responsibility as a father ; i 'd give anything , i 'd work any job no matter how much it sucked just so i could provide for my new family . 
  the day after , i decided to confront my parents with it , seeing as i could n't withhold the information from them forever . 
  i knew that they were christian and i did n't know how strongly they felt about pre-martial sex , but i decided to go through it . 
  i went up to my parents , who shortly after lowered their heads . 
  my father said `` but son , we ... we do n't have money for a grandchild yet . 
  we 're poor . '', 
  i asked him `` what do you think i should do to make it work ? 
  what job should i take ? 
  how much money will i need '' my mother had tears in her eyes as she knew that i was dead set on dropping out of high school . 
  my father slowly opened his mouth and whispered : `` you 'll need about tree fiddy '' . 
  that 's when i noticed that my father was a 15 story tall crustacean from the paleolithic era . 
  `` god damn it , john !, 
  '' , my mother screamed at him . 
  the 70s were a strange time indeed . 
  why are you so polarizing, 
  i 'm just ex-static to be here . 
  you 're putting up too much resistance . 
  i just do n't want to lose contact with you guys !, 
  i 'm de-lighted to hear that . 
  why am i talking to myself, 
  [ what does nvrm mean again ?
