  the problem is that their persuasion techniques seem to work on the people . 
  never have i heard or seen fascist or `` nazi '' ukrainians , so please be wary of `` news '' reiterating that nonsense . 
  the central regions are internally divided , although kiev is almost universally pro-west and pro-nato , despite a majority of russian speakers . 
  the ukrainian intelligence , i.e. 
  those who have been brought up with top-tier education or who have left the country and experienced * true * democracy know however that by choosing the nato-route we are doomed by being fucked by the nato and imf for eternity . 
  ukraine has no friends . 
  none of the actors involved except ukraine itself are looking out for the interests of the ukrainian people . 
   guys openly running with ss insignia . 
  i have never seen anyone running with ss insignia during my participation at the maidan protests . 
  i have seen thousands of people , none of which were what you might consider fascist . 
  if they exist ( which i 'm sure they do !, 
  ) , they constitute a minuscule fraction of the population , blown out of proportion by both sensationalist media and propaganda warfare . 
  i find it interesting that these expressions are in russian . 
  i hope you have n't found them on a russian news site . 
  although i have never heard * anyone * use them or anything similar , let me make a statement about the use of anti-russian * jokes * , which are certainly more prevalent than what you wrote . 
  let 's make clear that an anti-russian sentiment is , although clearly existing , very latent . 
  after the holodomor and the second class treatment of ukrainian citizens in the soviet union as well as the brutal consequences of being part of a ukrainian paramilitary or patriotic party before the collapse have sown a great divide between the two nations . 
  the creation of yanukovich 's puppet regime , the subsequent maidan shootings whose perpetrators have been granted a russian citizenship upon asylum , the theft of crimea and the sponsored terrorism in the east are not exactly making a great impression on the common ukrainian man and are certainly not helping to revert the feelings towards our neighbor . 
  these seeds however have not grown into full blown hatred . 
  when talking in a bar or in a restaurant with friends , generally some anti-russian comment is dropped or an anti-russian joke made . 
  however , i have personally never noticed * any * true hatred against russians . 
  most of the people i know who make these jokes have deeply rooted friendships with russians or russian speakers who usually go along and even joke about their own people and their obviously dysfunctional government . 
  no population * at all * that is labelled extremist by any one media is in reality . 
  the majority of germans during the 30s were certainly not for the slaughter of minorities . 
  the majority of israelis are not for the perpetual killing of palestinian citizens , just how most palestinians are not for the eradication of the jewish people . 
  certainly , most russians are against what is happening in eastern ukraine and the majority of ukrainians definitely does n't * hate * russians . 
  as human beings , we require peace to prosper and to maintain balance within ourselves and our surroundings . 
  most of us have little they can do about what is happening in the chess game played by psychopathological politicians , and the way we cope about it is by letting off steam without actually hurting or wanting to hurt anybody . 
   bandera is a national hero . 
  bandera hated the soviet union more than he hated germany . 
  that is a tendency that is highly noteworthy ; many young men and women in western ukraine have been either killed or sent to germany for forced labour during the invasion -- my great grandmother being one of their victims . 
  an entire branch of my family tree , 14 * civilians * in total have been burnt alive by the germans . 
  also , let 's not forget what germany wanted to do with ukraine once it would be annexed to their lebensraum : castrating the males and using them for work and using the females to contribute to healthy progeny . 
  very genghis-khan-esque and terrifying if you ask me . 
  bandera had his reasons however : the holodomor killed most of the eastern ukrainians . 
  in a situation where ukraine was out of friends and surrounded by enemies from each side , bandera chose what he believed was the lesser evil in his fight for ukrainian independence . 
  the relationship was not ideological * at all * ; it was purely opportunistic . 
  both germany and bandera tried to exploit each other unsuccessfully . 
  bandera was incarcerated by germany afterwards and killed by the kgb after being released . 
  all of this raises the question : why is bandera a national hero ? 
  well , he is less of a hero than a symbol for hope . 
  bandera fought with all his might and dedicated his life for an independent and prosperous ukraine in spite of the odds being * heavily * against him . 
  he was not anti-semitic or anti-russian or anti-anything really ; he was just pro-ukrainian and , although he made mistakes , he did whatever he thought was necessary to give his people freedom . 
  his fight , although unsuccessful , is a hallmark of true patriotism for the ukrainian people , inspiring them to serve their country and people despite all odds . 
  i would be happy to answer any other questions you have about ukraine and its people . 
  i 'm on my phone now so i ca n't provide sources , just ask me what you would like to have references for . 
   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsiovk1omca, 
  this is an example of a very vocal and extremist minority and definitely * not * popular opinion . 
  i think it is very interesting that you have found a video of youth demonstrating against russia . 
  i would probably do the same if i were their age ; perhaps do you remember having partisan or extreme tendencies in your adolescence . 
  i know that i had a very clear want for anarchy when i was their age , a rather ridiculous thought looking back . 
  no one can expect politically correct conduct or in-depth analysis of complex situations from children , they tend to jump to conclusions because they think they know everything . 
  even if your video portrayed adults who exhibit extremist traits , this proves nothing but the existence of a loud minority whose voice has been exaggerated out of bounds . 
   so the investigation about maidan snipers finally came to conclusion and those snipers were identified ? 
  i heard nothing of it . 
  the berkut have been issued russian passports upon arrival . 
  * i wonder why . 
  * [ \\ [ international business times \\ ] ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/crimea-chaos-russia-issues-passports-ukraine-riot-police-disbanded-by-kievs-interim-government-1438447 ), 
   ` theft ' . 
  when someone walks into your kitchen without invitation but with arms , proclaims a referendum where 90 out of 100 votes were for secession in spite of the fact that only 4 people live in the house and annexes the kitchen to their own apartment , yes , that is ` theft ' . 
  but do n't take my exaggeration for it , let 's look at facts . 
  let 's start out with the premise that russian forces invades crimea , i do n't think i will have to provide necessary sources . 
  let 's take a look at outcome of rada elections in crimea in 2010 provided by the [ journal of international affairs , 2010 ] ( http://www.questia.com/library/journal/1g1-225790769/russia-ukraine-and-central-europe-the-return-of ) . 
  please take note of the minute support `` russkaye yedinstvo '' ( my apologies , i have no russian or ukrainian keyboard ) and then the [ outcome of the 2014 referendum provided by rt ( although i do n't recommend that source , what matters are the numbers ) ] ( http://rt.com/news/crimea-referendum-results-official-250/ ) . 
  quite a jump in support , is n't it , from 4.02 % to 96.77 % ? 
  at this point , i do n't think that i need to justify vote fraud any further . 
  in any case , when a country 's military marches onto your land , proclaims a faulty referendum and proceeds to annex that land , i do n't know what you call it , but i call it * theft * . 
   you know , until poroshenko started this ` ato ' , there where no ukrainian refugees . 
  there are now hundred of thousands . 
  they are pretty terrified , and this was done not by ` east ukrainian terrorists ' . 
  what was he supposed to do , have them have their way with sovereign soil ? 
  the terrorists have brought this upon themselves and the people whose towns they occupy . 
  any country would do them same , criticizing poroshenko for something any leader would have done makes no sense in my eyes . 
  i take it that you are russian , so please take note of the numerous instances where your country has protected its national grounds from insurgencies the exact same way ukraine does now , like the [ first \\ ( source : globalsecurity.org \\ ) ] ( http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/war/chechnya1.htm ) and [ second chechen wars ( source : cambridge university press ) ] ( http://journals.cambridge.org/action/displayabstract?frompage=online&amp;aid=7449372&amp;fileid=s0003055409990323 ) . 
   sources speak for themselves . 
  i 'm afraid the only sources you provided are wikipedia and some random fascist blog . 
  please provide either research papers or trustworthy news citations for enhanced credibility of your claims . 
   you know what speaks even louder ? 
  atrocities committed by ukrainian nationalists against poles and jews . 
  care to clarify ? 
   so is it ` nonsense ' or ` minority ' ? 
  i am confused now . 
  by ` nonsense ' i am referring to the fact that russian media outlets have completely blown the acts and speeches of a minority out of proportion in an attempt to vilify the ukrainian people . 
   it is not youth demonstrating against russia . 
  they demonstrate against russians . 
  to be more specific , they are shouting to kill russians . 
  it is not just ` anarchy ' . 
  you ca n't dismiss something like this as just another ` foolish youth ' stunt . 
  and you ca n't dismiss something like this because it is , you know , just a minority . 
  minorities can grow , and if this minority is allowed to grow , things can go very bad very quickly . 
  for god 's sake , they are nothing but * children . 
  * they do not rule the country , and until they will , they will acquire complex problem solving abilities , a byproduct of proper aging . 
  you ca n't just hold the whole nation of ukraine accountable for what a few uneducated brats have been spewing . 
  extremist minorities exist in every country i know of . 
  as long as there is fuel to support their hate , they will hate . 
  do n't tell me that wherever you live is perfect utopia with no one supporting extremist tendencies . 
   you are evading my question . 
  i am not . 
  what i am doing is shedding a broader light onto the subject . 
  the berkut have been knowingly shooting at civilians during the revolution .
