  with such a harrowing statistic , you have to constantly remind yourself of your philosophy of forgiveness and the way of the air nomads in order to prevent a heart attack . 
  while you forgave the thief , you swore never to do business with earth benders ever again . 
  but your daughter has been acting suspiciously lately . 
  how do you find out if she is dating an earth bender ? 
  our qualified experts have put this guide together to protect your bloodline from spoiling !, 
  * 1 -- * she says that her new male `` friend '' is a fire bender . 
  this one is very common . 
  her reasoning is more cunning than you might think . 
  she believes that by saying things like `` oh , by the way dad , my new friend is a fire bender '' she will shock you so much that you will be actually * relieved * to find out that he is , in fact , a filthy earth bender once you inevitably walk into them making juicy inter-nation love . 
  after all , what could be worse than having a descendant of the most evil of humans in history to deal with , right ? 
  well i 'll tell you : it 's having a rotten earth bender as your son in law . 
  9 out of 10 air nomad fathers experience this when their daughter is actually dating an earth bender . 
  do n't let her psychological terrorism fool you !, 
  * 2 -- * she is going on unnecessarily long trips with her sky bison to meet her new `` friend '' . 
  depending on which air temple you live in , usually , the fire nation is right around the corner . 
  the moment she takes * a whole week * to finish her trip while skipping bending practice and forgoing the rest of her nomad responsibilities , you * know * that she is actually taking a trip around the world into the earth kingdom to visit that filthy peasant friend of hers in some dilapidated town ... or , even worse , a sand bender commune !, 
  follow her at a distance next time she leaves with her bison and take a moment to notice in which direction she flies . 
  you might catch her red handed . 
  * 3 -- * she is spending an unusual amount of her time meditating . 
  `` oh , how sweet and great !, 
  my young daughter is finally learning to appreciate the old ways of meditation . '', 
  wrong . 
  thanks to avatar korra , humans have become able to travel into the spirit world far more easily than before . 
  listen to the experts and recognize that she is n't meditating to embrace the old ways ; she is using it to spend time with her new boyfriend ... 
  in an environment where no one can supervise them !, 
  confront her about it . 
  if all of this and one of the other bullet points in this guide are true , seek council immediately ; you might be dealing with an earth bender . 
  * 4 -- * her air bending stance has turned rigid and completely static . 
  all of those years of teaching your own daughter how to bend the wind around her seem to be worthless all of a sudden . 
  instead of assuming a fluid position , it seems as if her body has turned ... 
  into a rock !, 
  her sudden and acute incapability of graciously bending air might be linked to a certain earth bender showing off his worthless , amateur wannabe pro-bending techniques to your once innocent daughter . 
  take a closer look to how she bends next practice !, 
  * 5 -- * you randomly notice that her private parts are covered in suspicious dirt . 
  earth bender teenagers are notorious for being everything * but * sexually prude . 
  do you notice a sandy discharge inexplicably trailing after your daughters nomad robe ? 
  does she use excuses such as `` oh , i must have stepped into dirt '' while avoiding eye contact ? 
  or is her underwear filled with tiny rubble when you wash it ? 
  i am very sorry to inform you that earth bender teens have a knack for self-made sex toys , carved out of the dirtiest rocks in their bedroom . 
  as far as you are concerned , this means code red . 
  * what do you do once i find out that your daughter is dating an earth bender ? 
  how do i eliminate him while totally non-hypocritically maintaining my philosophy of peace ? 
  find out in next weeks article . 
  stay humble , brethren . 
  part of me does n't want the story to end , but another part of me knows that by milking the series indefinitely , the fan base will be left very unsatisfied . 
  i would be happy with a definite and clear cut ending ; something that atla had . 
  they could make a prequel ; maybe about lin 's story or that of the cabbage guy . 
  what i would like to see is a prequel miniseries that showcase the life and adventures of a past avatar . 
  excellent statistics , very interesting . 
  i do have a few suggestions for your future polls , keep up the good work !, 
  * where do you live ? 
   united states of america, 
   other english speaking country, 
   * non english-speaking countries in : *, 
   europe, 
   the americas, 
   asia, 
   africa, 
  i feel like establishing this question would show the linguistic aspect of those who asked . 
  here , in non-english speaking european countries , avatar is quite popular . 
  perhaps could you show us a histogram of how age is distributed ? 
  that would add a very nice visualization . 
   maybe the second avatar perhaps ? 
  sounds like a great idea !, 
  they could actually make a full-fledged series out of this . 
  if they would make a miniseries out of it , i believe that somewhat hourlong episodes of different avatars would be appropriate . 
  other than that , roku does seem like an interesting choice . 
  the same goes for kyoshi . 
  it definitely is , but plausible nonetheless . 
  i doubt that the artists of the show spent hours painting that photo just for it to ... be there . 
  of course this is speculation , but i think that there * could * be the possibility of a correlation . 
  i 'm a theory and you got ta deal with it, 
  it 's not even a theory , it 's just a thought i had while looking at the picture . 
  hence the `` i think '' in my title . 
  i like how you brought up the subject of misty palms oasis . 
  hopefully , this does tie in with the idea . 
   strongest language yet, 
  we have yet to wait for `` deeply disgraceful '' , that 'll shake things up for sure . 
  the whole idea of `` castes '' dictating your maximum potential from birth and the very notion of `` untouchables '' is so heavily undated it 's sickening . 
  it 's the worst !, 
  i think you got a point . 
  it really is strange that toph has not taught truth seeing to any of her daughters , especially since lin works with the police where that kind of skill may come in handy . 
  perhaps she had a good reason which we might find out about in a future episode . 
  other than that , i ca n't seem to find an explanation why aiwei is capable of truth seeing in the first place . 
  although all of this seems like a minor plot hole , i would be delighted to find out what the writers had in mind with all of this . 
  please read the article provided . 
  chekhov 's gun is applicable to * all * works of literature and drama . 
  it 's more of an unshakable paradigm than an idea . 
  think about the past seasons and even about atla . 
  * mentioning that mako and bolin had relations with the triple threats -  involvement of bolin with shady shin, 
  * mentioning the fact that zuko 's mother left him multiple times in atla -  the search, 
  * lin 's scar -  backstory to lin 's scar ( the same goes for zuko is atla ; the scars prompt stories themselves instead of being useless props ), 
  i * assure * you we will see toph as well as magnets playing some kind of an important role in book 3 ( and 4 ? ) . 
  take it from a creative writer : chekhov 's gun is everywhere . 
  why is this shit on my front page ? 
  it depends on who you ask . 
  i come from the euro-friendly west , where the majority of the population greatly encourages support from europe and the rest of the nato . 
  i have many friends from the east . 
  they say that their people are very divided about the issue . 
  the far east ( donestk , lugansk ) may have a relatively large part of pro-russians and is ridden with soviet nostalgia and propaganda from russian news agencies ; i have trouble restraining myself when watching russian tv , the sheer amount of * shit * that is spawned by them is unbelievable .
