  `` kapusta '' just means `` cabbage '' in ukrainian , referring to ukrainian coleslaw . 
  be right back , writing that last part made me hungry like stalin just rose from the dead and cut grain supplies to ukraine again . 
  op was talking about a `` big war '' and i decided to join the circlejerk . 
  also , i object , salo is * never * out of place . 
  we are very nazi indeed . 
  so nazi that we lay claim on land that is n't ours , invade other countries , intimidate our neighbors , have a stringent cult of personality and persecute sexual minorities . 
  wait a minute ... 
  considering your comment history , i was wondering : did you post this in an attempt to discredit ukraine ? 
  because not only is the video plain hilarious , but you will also hardly find anyone here who thinks that cannabis is ` evil ' . 
  it 's not actually russian propaganda , ictv is a ukrainian channel . 
  however , i think op is trying to pass it off as something bad , but hey , that 's ( pro ) russian 's for you . 
  i do n't get your point , what is there to understand about any of this ? 
  you speak as if the west is a single country or even a single interest group with tightly regulated state media . 
  all russia has to do is to look at worked for other countries in the past . 
  following world war ii , the us have financially sponsored europe in the framework of the marshall plan -- and to this day , europe and the us are allies in spite of the recent developments in mass surveillance and the wars in the middle east . 
  if only russia would have given money and opportunities to ukraine instead of corrupt puppets , death and destruction , ukraine would likely still be in its sphere of influence . 
  i 'd wager that the latter would have even cost less than investing millions into the ukrainian war and in russia 's intricate propaganda machine . 
  indeed , putin is a tactician , not a strategist . 
  oh wow , the sheer vulgarity of this sentence greatly surpasses your translation of `` everything ukrainian should be erased '' . 
  i sometimes wonder if these comments are just from russian troll farms or if people who exhibit such levels of hatred actually exist ... 
  translations ( left to right , top to bottom ) :, 
   putin , go fuck yourself, 
   glory to the nation, 
   may god protect ukraine, 
   putin is a dickhead , la la la, 
  i remember you once mentioned that you 're from kherson , and i was wondering : are you considering moving to the occupied territories ? 
  not trying to be provocative , but genuinely curious considering this pro-dpr and anti-ukrainian post , as well as your traditionally anti-government position . 
  it should be noted that there are dozens or even hundreds such signs surrounding the donetsk regional border , and that this is just one of them . 
  ** edit : ** looks like i 'm not getting an answer , how disappointing . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not a counter attack if you 're on the offensive . 
  this is fantastic , thanks for the laugh !, 
  with this , as well as with the previously posted video of some `` volunteers '' arresting a drug dealer in kharkiv , i have come to the conclusion that pravij sector is not only a threat to peace , but a threat to ukraine itself . 
  while anti-corruption measures against police bribery are underway , it undermines the central power of the executive branch ( e.g. 
  : `` arrest '' of drug dealers ) as well as the democratic foundation to the country ( e.g. 
  : attack on pride parade participants in kiev ) and security ( e.g. 
  : destruction of private property ) . 
  they have served their purpose during the maidan in providing resources to the participants of the revolution of 2014 . 
  as it stands now , i do n't see that they have a future in a country that aims towards democratization and integration with the european union . 
  the members of far right groups that stand with said values should be integrated with the armed forces of ukraine or the police force as soon as possible , whilst the truly extreme should be prevented from tampering with a proper functioning of the country . 
  with what i hear from my friends and relatives in western ukraine , people are more scared of them than they feel protected . 
  they fear that they are going to become nothing but yanukovich-style bandits in the extortion and corporate theft business if their power is n't minimized . 
  interesting , could you give us a few links to the forums in question ? 
  i could translate some of the most striking comments . 
  is a non-paywall version available ? 
  i would like to know more about this , it could mark an important shift in geopolitical alliances . 
  false . 
  the osce-pa is the parliamentary assembly of the osce and adopted the draft resolution citied in the link with 96 in favor and 7 against ( [ source ] ( http://www.oscepa.org/news-a-media/press-releases/2273-osce-parliamentary-assembly-adopts-resolution-condemning-russia-s-actions-in-ukraine ) ) . 
  your previous statement ( `` this is not a statement by the osce '' ) still is false . 
  please provide a translation if possible , most users of this sub do n't speak russian . 
  source ? 
  could you please show us exactly where it says that the osce-pa has no authority to speak on behalf of the osce in those links ? 
   `` counter punch - exposing power and evil in a neoliberal world . '', 
  sounds like a very trustworthy website . 
  [ it was i who had the pleasure to hear op claim that ukraine had `` occupied '' crimea . 
  ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c6yis/russia_mulls_new_sanctions_against_western/cstad38?context=3 ), 
  it sounds like something you realistically could * only * read or hear in a russian state-sanctioned news outlet . 
  apologies for the editorialized title , the problem is that google did n't translate the title correctly . 
  the original title would be '' * fighters from the 7th independent battalion of the ukrainian volunteer forces ` right sector ' have transferred to the asov regiment * '', 
  basically , the article states that according to the fighters , they seek to distance themselves from the corruption and lawless comportment of the right sector as of lately . 
  thereby , they have decided to switch to the asov regiment , which itself is part of the national guard ( unlike the right sector ) . 
  unlike the right sector , the asov regiment was n't involved in lawless activity . 
  transferring was indeed a smart and rational move . 
   why waste your time being just an extreme right thug when you can be a true neo-nazi . 
  you are attacking straw men . 
  it 's not like transferring to asov sharpened their political orientation all of a sudden . 
  as it currently stands , asov was n't involved in vigilante justice , and actually follows its chain of command unlike the right sector . 
  i would n't say that the right sector is some sort of a police unit ; it would first of all imply that they actually follow the chain of command of the mia , which they are clearly not . 
  i think there is a misunderstanding on your part . 
  the asov regiment is n't a militia . 
  unlike the battalions ( which are subordinated to the ministry of internal affairs ) , asov is integrated into the armed forces of ukraine and the national guard . 
  it is part of the ukrainian military . 
  i 'm not sure what makes you think that asov broke any laws . 
  my apologies , it seems as if i am a little out of the loop . 
  i could n't find any articles on google , could you please link me to one ? 
  you failed to address the question at hand , which was :, 
   i 'm not sure what makes you think that asov broke any laws . 
  link ? 
  although they are a great asset to the ukrainian military in terms of fighting capability and motivation , i feel like the central government should put in measures that prevent nazis from joining the armed forces and to tarnish the image of ukraine . 
  russian media are going to have a field day with this . 
  the article i linked is pure hilarity . 
  my condolences to russian state-sanctioned propaganda outlets in the uk . 
  you will not be missed . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque ), 
  you are gravely mistaken . 
  if you read the article , you will find the following :, 
   kiselyov is one of the people subjected to financial and travel sanctions in the eu . 
  these restrictions have been imposed on a number of russian officials in connection with moscow 's stance over ukraine crisis . 
   the sanctions list , which includes the head of rossiya segodnya news agency , was published on march 21 . 
  it characterizes kiselyov as `` central figure of the government propaganda supporting the deployment of russian forces in ukraine . '', 
  this event is connected to the ukrainian conflict and its implications , mainly the sanctions that followed the annexation of crimea in 2014 and the resulting information war whose tendrils currently spread across europe . 
  so you think that barclays freezing the bank accounts of russia 's propaganda machine is * completely * irrelevant to the conflict ? 
  you accuse me of reposting content , yet i ca n't find any link talking about this event from the last three days , and rt published this article yesterday . 
  it does n't matter if i posted the link because i thought it was funny , cute , sad , horrifying or because it gave me a tingling sensation . 
  i would n't have posted it if i did n't think it was * relevant * . 
  if you see it otherwise , feel free to downvote and to flag my submission , in any case , this discussion is over as far as i 'm concerned . 
  in what way we are better ? 
  in that we do n't have governmental mouthpieces whose only purpose is the destabilization of the other party . 
  i do n't see any reason to entertain enemy media that overtly tries to subvert public opinion , to disinform and lie to the public and to gain political support for indefensible causes . 
  only that he has no point , seeing as remarkably little western media is actually * owned * by any one government . 
  i would say that all media is inherently biased , however most certainly it is n't the implicit * goal * of non-state media to subvert public opinion , whereas it clearly is that way with media owned by a warring party .
