  one needs to look no further than russia 's pathetic attempt at simulating a multitude of information by creating multiple english outlets ( rt , sputnik , russia insider , ... ) and thereby creating the illusion that the opinion presented is somehow an `` alternate point of view '' and not just state-sanctioned bullshit that comes from the same source . 
  you speak as if the `` west '' is a single country , interest group or some other kind of homogenous entity . 
  also , the subversion that occurs through state media is systematic and organized , unlike privately owned media . 
  that * is * a big difference . 
  the other main difference between what you call `` western '' media and russian mouthpieces is that their underlying goal is the destabilization of europe . 
  why else would they be [ running their mouthes off about some anti-eu referendum that had a 4 % support as if it were of any significance ] ( http://sputniknews.com/europe/20150702/1024133686.html ) ? 
  with that being said , i 'm not sure why that is at all relevant . 
  i do n't really care what putin does to russia . 
  he can fry the brains of his citizens with disinformation and turn russia into a north korean echo chamber as far as i am concerned . 
  i care about what he does to ukraine and the european union . 
  i recommend reading the article . 
  in particular , the part about the billboard vandalism is extremely interesting and peculiar . 
  [ no true scotsman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman ) would be * against * independence , am i right ? 
  obviously , the fact that you pompously tout your `` familiarity '' with graphic art without any shadow of doubt correctly predicts the rest of your post . 
  your `` proof '' hinges on a fine thread : that of your promise of familiarity with the document you are working with . 
  perhaps look for some sources that * are n't * russian if you are to have any credibility . 
  they do n't even have to be western , as i have a strong feeling that you have a heavy aversion against western media . 
  i would n't know how you could rationally argument that ukraine , which has a sub-par military and defense technology would start shelling russia . 
   the ukro-nazi should have been punished and burnt right there for starting the war against free people of donbas and for committing unthinkable bloodcurdling mass atrocities of innocent people . 
  your touting of war drums stems from a scarcely informed opinion that has indeed turned you into a dangerous individual . 
  i hope you find an adequate release of your energy that does n't involve hurting people that are involved in a situation you are terribly misinformed about . 
  your rhetoric reminds me of the bush-era iraq war supporters you lot so verily despise . 
  tell me more . 
  i never thought i 'd find a person that actually prides themselves on refusing information that contradicts their worldview . 
  to everyone who wishes to comment that this has little to do with the ukrainian conflict , i would like to say in advance that if an offensive in georgia with `` little green men '' is to happen , it could have far reaching ramifications for ukraine because of the potentially hardened stance of nato and the eu towards russia , which could lead to an escalation of the war in donbass . 
  it 's easier and rather commonly accepted to write `` green men '' or `` polite green men '' or `` little green men '' instead of `` masked soldiers of unknown origin with modern equipment with the possibility that they are russian servicemen engaged in acts of hybrid warfare '', 
  my apologies , i thought that the title of the video was n't very descriptive . 
  the sbu is really good at what it does . 
  stories about detained saboteurs appear more or less weekly , it seems as if they really have the resources and the skills to pull stuff like this off so regularly . 
  i wonder why they would n't want to have a tribunal if they are * oh so very sure * that ukraine is at fault . 
  i wonder what prompted the shelling . 
  is this a retaliation for something ? 
  the last few days were comparatively quiet though , i was just wondering what the reason for the shelling is . 
  hopefully the ukrainian mia will release information soon . 
  my entire family and many of my friends live in galicia and i visit them at least every year . 
  this is the very first time i heard about galician separatism . 
  i suppose that the demonstrators were paid , just like many were during yanukovich 's reign . 
  can confirm . 
  dissatisfaction with the current government is purely tied to the fact that anti-corruption measures have been rather slow . 
  other than that , the population sees the current government as a million times better than yanukovich 's . 
  i was wondering the same thing . 
  a few acquaintances of mine who live in ukraine speak of rumors and reports that ( pro- ) russian forces started a new offensive and took part of severodonetsk and invaded other places . 
  if this is true , this is indeed the start of the summer offensive given the magnitude of what is currently going on . 
  the shelling might be a retaliatory act , but i suggest not taking my word for it until the press writes something about it . 
  you too , 
   or they pushed the revolution , to give them self a green light to execute the plans , and take eastern ukraine under control . 
  the maidan , you mean ? 
  i would n't say that . 
  russia virtually had ukraine in its back pocket during yanukovich 's reign . 
  ukraine was little more than a vassal state of russia . 
  taking over eastern ukraine would mean taking over depleted coal mines and the some of the highest aids , drug abuse and alcoholism rates in europe . 
  i once heard that it cost substantially less for ukraine to import steel and coal than to entertain the workers and the nearly depleted coal mines -- the government was running a deficit in many areas which had to be subsidized as far as the occupied territories were concerned . 
  not to mention the fact that the ato-zone territories used to be ( and still are ) pro-russian strongholds . 
  putin has polarized ukraine so heavily against russia that , in more or less any part of ukraine , saying that you support russia in public could potentially lead to violence , whilst the majority of the population actually supported the pro-russian candidate 5 years ago . 
  it 's an extreme change : ukraine will likely * never * democratically elect a pro-russian candidate again . 
  the country is n't in russia 's sphere of influence anymore and probably never will be again -- and putin would value having influence over ukraine much more than being in de-facto possession of an island that barely sees any tourists anymore and and a strip with a future whose bleakness and future equal to that of liberia . 
  the problem is that the only way he * could try * to achieve control over ukraine is by annexing it , but seeing as nato did n't even completely take over iraq over the span of 10 years even though the country is made up of 70 % desert and that ukraine is substantially bigger than iraq , annexing ukraine would be a feat that would be impossible to accomplish from a logistic perspective . 
  in the end , putin is a great at using tactics , but remarkably bad at creating long term strategies . 
  i think he played his cards wrong . 
  a `` good '' strategy would have been investing more money into propaganda and the expansion of the russian orthodox church so that a pro-russian majority could ferment and eventually come to power in 10-15 years , which is n't enough time for ukraine to join europe or nato . 
  also , there is mh17 -- i do n't think putin actually thought it would come to a tribunal , but now it seems like it 's something that will happen fairly soon . 
  what will he do if the tribunal sees russia as a guilty party ? 
  what will happen to `` a ukrainian su-25 / a ukrainian buk shot the plane down '' and to `` we are not at all involved in the donbass '' ? 
  there is literally no way russia can save it 's face anymore as far as that incident is concerned . 
  the only resort putin 's propaganda machine has is to make or regurgitate illogical statements such as '' [ it is clear that ukraine is at fault , so a tribunal is n't needed ] ( http://sputniknews.com/europe/20150717/1024747277.html#ixzz3g9aeeumh ) '' which discredit him on the international stage . 
  likely , everyone who frequents this subreddit has watched the video months ago when it was published . 
  it has * nothing * to do with your claim . 
  i think you should look up what `` proof '' entails if you actually believe that what you posted proved anything . 
  do n't you want to show us which part of the video proves that the us has `` america paid for the guns used to shot down the mh17 '' ? 
  poroshenko is far from perfect . 
  he promised many things he did n't fulfill , such as giving up his factories . 
  however , he is miles ahead from yanukovich as far as reform policies are concerned . 
  also , new players under his command , such as saakashvili , are more than just promising and could potentially change the course of ukraine . 
  most of my friends who live in galicia , ukraine 's patriotic stronghold , are so overwhelmed by his changes in odessa that they would actually be willing to make him the president of their country in spite of him being georgian . 
  but that 's besides the point ; ukraine is at war , obviously standard of living is going to drop . 
  it 's not like ukraine chose to have war . 
  albeit very , very slowly , ukraine is moving in the right direction . 
  the right sector needs patience . 
  they give me the feeling that all that they want is to snatch power . 
  as it currently stands , there is no viable alternative to poroshenko . 
  the right sector overestimates the popularity it has with the ukrainian people . 
  many have little to no respect for them for conducting pro-war demonstrations and for beating gays , tarnishing the image of ukraine with respect to europe where homosexuality is a human right . 
  oh my , is it really so , sputnik ? 
  i really wish they did more of those , i quite miss them . 
  always excellent footage . 
  well , * obviously * nato forced those countries to allow them to build bases in their territory , right ? 
  i 'm not sure whom the post title is aimed at . 
  nobody claimed that there are n't fascists in ukraine -- of course there are . 
  just like in russia and everywhere else in the world for that matter . 
  also , refer to rule 4 next time you post here . 
  should have started in greenland and waited until some inuit suddenly decided to travel and see the world . 
   donetsk is 10km away , how could we not want to be with dpr ? 
   ... but dpr is also part of ukraine, 
  oh boy , i wonder what kind of mental gymnastics led to that stretch . 
  it 's also interesting to see that there were no young people at the protest . 
  these people do n't know that their actions could put the livelihoods and the future of an entire generation on the line , as there is absolutely no future in the occupied territories . 
  also , with the fact that the checkpoint has n't even been planned yet , it seems as if those people are getting angry at what appears to be nothing other than a rumor . 
  disappointing . 
   i love russia and i love ukraine , which is part of russia, 
  this guy ( edit : depardieu ) is a walking comedy show himself .
