  ] ( http://bigstory.ap.org/article/putin-kicks-latin-america-tour-cuba-stop ), 
  de facto , it looks like the us is trying to prevent russia from getting closer to cuba by thawing its diplomatic relations and eventually lifting the embargo altogether , since if cuba decides that russia is a better ally to them than the us , they will likely accept russian military bases on their soil in the future -- something that would pose a great threat to the united states and would essentially create an equal , if not bigger problem that the cuban missile crisis . 
  what would you do if you were in charge of foreign policy ? 
  how come it strengthens your opinion ? 
  doing business with them at this point is a win-win situation . 
  win for the us since it wo n't have to worry about potential enemies closing in and win for cuba for strengthening its economy . 
  the embargo is hurting the people of cuba more than it is hurting the castros -- common men and women like you and me . 
  when looking at the bigger picture , lifting the embargo will likely provoke the fall of communism in cuba altogether instead of strengthening it , as some might believe . 
  the same happened when gorbachov introduced * some * free trade within the ussr . 
  the people there got a taste of what a capitalist economy looks like and were unwilling to revert to the old ways of a controlled market economy ( i know that i 'm grossly oversimplifying things , but in essence , this is what the situation was like ) . 
  the same has happened in czechoslovakia . 
  in summary , the new cuba policy :, 
  - prevents us enemies from getting to close to the mainland and thus ensures that cuban missile crisis-like escalations become unlikely in the future , something that is necessary since russia appears to be trying to gain a political foothold in cuba, 
  - helps the 11 million cubans to get better living conditions, 
  - promotes the fall of communism because of the influx of goods , commodities and the better living conditions discussed previously , a political phenomenon that has been observed in the past . 
  the only consequences from better us-cuban relations seem to be of a highly positive nature . 
  why do you remain unconvinced ? 
  oh i 'm sorry , i should have checked the username first . 
  wow , now that is character development . 
  i ca n't believe how fantastic the 1080p version looks . 
  this and the rest of the shots you provided in 720p are absolutely insane , much better than the 720p upscale that was on the bay a while ago . 
  i have no idea about the technicalities of upscaling and i have no idea how long it takes , but could you please make just one single episode look as good as these shots ? 
  hell , you could probably send it to nickelodeon , maybe they 'll pay you to remaster the entire series . 
  either way , if you do remaster a full episode , i 'm sure you 'll be inducted into the / r/thelastairbender hall of fame and drown in gold . 
  are you talking about the 720p upscale that used to be on the bay ? 
  indeed , the colors in his version are a million times better than the ones on that torrent . 
  mind telling everyone that 's nsfl ? 
  i mean , there 's no blood or anything , but holy shit it 's eerie as fuck ... 
  humor levels at 75 % . 
  self destruct sequence in t minus 10 , 9 , 8 ... 
  glad you liked it !, 
  no matter what you decide to do , i hope you 'll feel better by the end of it . 
  thank you for taking the time to read it and to comment !, 
  is the problem with drugs still there ? 
  there might be a few communities on reddit dedicated to helping you with it , although i only know of / r/leaves ( which is specifically targeted towards abstinence from weed ) . 
  perhaps there are communities for other drug problems ? 
  in any case , i really hope that you are getting help for your problems , you seem to be in a pretty dark place . 
  but do n't let that deter you -- there is a way out . 
  oh , and welcome to / r/thelastairbender !, 
  wow , i did n't know that the nhs sucked that much ... what i do know is that in most countries , you 'll be admitted to a hospital ( where they 'll give you your antidepressants ) if you call the emergency and report severe problems with your mental health ( * especially * if you report that you intend on taking your life ) , although i really do n't know if and how much that is going to cost you in the uk , but i think this is * definitely * worth looking into . 
  abruptly stopping the intake of ( most ) anti-depressants can aggravate depression , and i 'm more than sure that the nhs knows that and will do something about it . 
  it 's in ger ** m ** an , although i must say that the amount of grammatical mistakes is more irritating than the kerning itself . 
  it 's great that you have decided to socialize -- that 's definitely a step in the right direction !, 
  i believe that it is important to move in baby steps , perhaps committing to going outside and getting some fresh air for 10 minutes everyday would also help keeping things from derailing , along with the socializing . 
  just make sure you 're going out with the right kind of people . 
  that might sound clich\u00e9 , but there are few things worse than a group of anchors tied to your feet when you 're drowning and trying to reach the surface to relish that sweet , fresh air . 
  at the end of the day , it 's all about slow and controlled change ; changing too many things at once is highly counterproductive as it frequently backfires . 
  i certainly hope that you 'll get something out of that phone call and i 'd love to hear how that worked out for you in the end . 
  keep going , you 're definitely on the right track . 
  remember : baby steps . 
  it 's called [ gaslighting ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaslighting ) and it 's a form of mental abuse . 
  i am more than sure that the rule about suicide applies just the same to self harm and that they would give you immediate psychiatric treatment if you go into a&e saying `` i pose a danger to myself and intend to harm myself . 
  please help me . '', 
  however , if that does n't work ( which i believe is unlikely ) , ca n't you just take a train to wales or scotland ? 
  or just borrow the 40 bucks from friends , family , or even take out a micro loan if any of the above fails ? 
  the problem is that due to the nature of most antidepressants , it will probably get worse along the following 15 days . 
  if a&e does n't take you in now because they really only care about risk of suicide and do n't care about risk of self harm , go in there as soon as you 're confident that they will give you the help you need . 
  if all of the above fails and you manage to sit out the 15 days , keep in mind to lower the dosage , seeing as your tolerance probably went down along the way . 
  in fact , get a doctor 's appointment to find out what to do after your break from medication , since the course of action you might have to follow is highly dependent on factors that only a md can assess properly . 
  according to [ this article by space.com ] ( http://www.space.com/14729-spacekids-distance-earth-mars.html ) :, 
   the minimum distance from the earth to mars is about 54.6 million kilometers . 
  the farthest apart they can be is about 401 million km . 
  the average distance is about 225 million km . 
  respectively , the time for information to travel between earth and mars would be about :, 
  - 3 minutes for the shortest distance between earth and mars, 
  - 22 minutes 20 seconds for the longest distance, 
  - 12 minutes 30 seconds for the average distance . 
   sometimes strength is realizing that you need help and reaching out for it . 
  it 's scary and you feel that there 's something wrong with you and you feel ashamed , but there 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
   sometimes you just have to be brave enough to ask . 
  i wish that everyone who needs help reads your comment , i could n't have said it better myself . 
  best of luck with dealing with your problems and achieving greatness . 
  alternatively , what about creating a website on a free host page that contains exactly that information and link it in the sidebar ? 
  hopefully you 're actively seeking out help and looking for ways to treat your problems !, 
  i speak some russian . 
  at 0:45 , she says something along the lines of '' ... na khakhlyatskoyu granitzu '' which loosely translates to '' ... to the khokhol border '' , `` khokhol '' being a derogatory term for ukrainians . 
  there is no doubt that this has been shot by russians referring to tanks that are moving to ukraine . 
  you , go back to drawing awesome comics !, 
  ^ ( thanks for the idea ), 
  edit : wow guys , can you please stop downvoting him ? 
  wow , thanks for the love !, 
  :d i 'm very glad that my post has helped you . 
  ### ** sozin did * nothing * wrong **, 
  ^ ( thanks for doing this ! ), 
  even if someone could just firejet over it ? 
  i thought about the thing with airbenders , but they are n't really a threat since none of them have offensive moves . 
  when we firefolk get firejet , though , i think the whole issue would become somewhat awkward for peaceful factions . 
  our faction has almost 300 chunks ... brb getting 1000 stacks of glass, 
  it 's not stupid -- it 's actually quite common . 
  the amount of pm 's i 've gotten and the comments in this thread actually dictate that what you 're experiencing is n't that uncommon after all . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that you 're certainly not alone . 
  hopefully you 've gotten something out of the open letter !, 
  days ? 
  keep fighting the good fight !, 
  i thought `` what does the fox say ? '', 
  would come . 
  was pleasantly surprised by the lip sync . 
  author of the mental health post here . 
  i 've had about a hundred pms in total of people who thanked me for it and of people who wanted someone to talk to about depression and suicide . 
  the pms keep coming even months after the initial post thanks to tryn 's support and them putting a link to it in the sidebar .
