  hey !, 
  i 'm the guy in question . 
  it is a psa-style guide catered to those who will have legitimate problems in coping with the show 's end , containing general advice as well as information on depression/suicide that i believe everyone should be aware of . 
  hopefully the community will be able to get something out of it !, 
  it 'll come out tomorrow , 7pm cet ( gmt +1 ) . 
  i 'm glad you recognize the importance of the issue !, 
  i love the fight club references . 
  it 's so fitting . 
  i 'm very sorry to hear that . 
  i can understand your wonder at what happened to him . 
  this is something that people who have witnessed someone disappearing and people who have had to deal with suicide have in common : we ask ourselves questions to which we are unable to find answers . 
  the only thing we can do is learn and educate ourselves and others , or to otherwise transform the negative experience into a positive one . 
  thank you for commenting . 
  thank you and the other mods for your continued support of this project !, 
  i 'm very glad that you appreciate it , hopefully we can all learn something out of it . 
  thanks for taking the time and reading it !, 
  let 's hope that the lion turtle visits everyone who needs help . 
  glad you feel that way !, 
  very valid points . 
  it seems as if you are in the ' i do n't really care about anything ' phase of depression . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , are you medicated/going to therapy ? 
  where you are is definitely not a pleasant place , i really hope you are managing it !, 
   for those of you who look at this sticky and are think , `` are n't you taking this a little too seriously ? 
  it 's just a show . '' ... 
  i know i never thought in a million years that i would experience something like this , but i did . 
  please keep an open mind and an open heart . 
  thank you for existing . 
  i wish more people would look at the world the way you are . 
  escapism is a real thing , looks like it 's a generational issue whose prevalence is rising as new media take up a large quantity of our lives . 
  also , shame , anger , guilt and regret are some of the most counter-productive emotions one can feel : beating yourself up over something is a surefire way to fail at doing what it is you want to do . 
  as you said , keep an open mind and an open heart . 
  glad you 're doing better !, 
  i am very , very glad that my post has reached you . 
  i sincerely hope that you are managing your situation efficiently . 
  joining the gym is an absolutely fantastic idea !, 
  even the harvard medical school has [ publicly praised ] ( http://www.health.harvard.edu/newsweek/exercise-and-depression-report-excerpt.htm ) the almost magical abilities that exercise can have on someone who suffers from depression . 
  never give up , judging by the fact that you are actually setting goals for yourself , it seems as if you are making progress !, 
  you have no idea how much it means to me that you have read my post . 
  keep up the good work , i trust that you 'll get out of the fog . 
  is the st. john 's wort helping ? 
  i 'm curious , some distant relatives have praised its properties . 
  i was just wondering if the apathy was there before you started taking stjw or if it might be a side effect of the chemicals contained within , i read that indifference is a common side effect of ssris . 
  thank you for commenting !, 
  i hope you manage your bpd . 
  i wish there would be more awareness surrounding the issue of mental health , that would definitely alleviate stereotypes surrounding people who suffer from mental illnesses , thus proliferating treatment and helping people achieve a well balanced psyche and making the most out of their lives . 
  thanks again !, 
  very interesting stuff !, 
  however , perhaps going to the doctor might be a good idea if you do n't feel yourself getting better . 
  best of luck !, 
  do n't let the tablets discourage you , some of them are very small , as in 4mm diameter . 
  your doctor could take that into account if you talk to him about it . 
  but at the end of the day , improving your circumstances is the single best thing you can do for your wellbeing . 
  consider working out !, 
  however , if you are still feeling down after improving your circumstances , you might want to consider going to the doctor ; therapy without medication is also a very popular option , but i 'm sure that they will explain the multitude of options in much greater detail than i can . 
  no matter what you decide to do , hang in there !, 
  i 'm afraid you 're missing the point of the post . 
  it has been inspired by a post from a month ago where someone lamented about tlok being the only thing that got them from friday to friday , which is a pretty reliable indicator that their psyche was marked by illness . 
  assuredly , most people ( myself included ) will only feel slight disappointment at the end of the series , but judging by the reaction that said post has gotten , i noticed that the problem of mental illness was more widespread within the community than i thought . 
  i then decided to react by helping those who require help by offering founded advice and useful references which could help those who need it . 
  your judgement of those people having `` something wrong with them '' is * extremely * counterproductive . 
  you 're missing the big picture , which is that people who require help should be encouraged to seek it and not be reprimanded , furthering their isolation due to the acquired feeling of inadequacy that comments like yours are cultivating . 
  for the sake of helping the community , i urge you to reconsider your comment . 
  how nice of you to say !, 
  thanks . 
  hey there !, 
  thanks for commenting , it looks like you have been through a lot . 
  trying new things and meeting new people is definitely a staple when trying to better one 's life if depression is a dominating factor . 
  cheers !, 
  you are very welcome , thank you for commenting !, 
  glad you feel that way , i certainly hope you are managing your circumstances . 
  aww , thanks for sharing the love !, 
  it means a lot to me . 
  i hope you 'll manage , in any case , this post will still be here for you if you need help . 
  thank you for commenting !, 
  you 're certainly right about entertainment having such a grip on us as a whole . 
  it 's great that you are asking yourself the question about what it means to be strong , many ignore that all-important question , only to come back to it once it 's too late . 
  you 're certainly on the right track . 
  perhaps the experience gathered from / r/30daysit can provide you with some meaningful answers !, 
  it seems as if the need to face depression alone stems from the false belief that it is a result of a faulty character , an insignificant phase or an exaggerated mood , not an illness that genuinely results from chemical imbalances . 
  the notion of strength is rendered insignificant when you know that , it 's just as if you would want to get rid of the flu using willpower . 
  luckily , we have science on our side and have since been capable of helping many people , but it is still an uphill struggle to convince the majority of the world 's population of these facts . 
  that being said , it truly means a lot to me to hear that you have chosen to get help . 
  that 's a probably where most people fail out of fear of getting ridiculed , so you have already done the bulk of the work . 
  pat yourself on the shoulder , you just made a significant step forward in enhancing your life !, 
  i 'm glad that my work has struck a chord with someone and i sincerely wish you the best of luck in coping with your problems . 
  how nice of you to say that !, 
  i hope you have gotten something out of it . 
  thank * you * for sharing the love , it 's comments like these that make my day . 
  i 'm very glad you enjoyed this post !, 
  lok sure is one of the best tv shows at this time , and i 'm sure that everyone is going to be sad to varying degrees after the series ' end . 
  thank you for commenting !, 
  thank you !, 
  interesting point !, 
  the dsm-v criteria for major depressive disorder ( referenced throughout the article as ` depression ' since that is the most common attribution thereof ) have not changed in the dsm-v . [ click here ] ( http://www.dsm5.org/documents/changes%20from%20dsm-iv-tr%20to%20dsm-5.pdf ) for the official changelog ( page 4 ) . 
  the link provided in the article is referencing the dsm-iv criteria solely because i could n't find another one with formatting as beautiful as the one i have linked . 
  thank you for commenting !, 
  my pleasure , you are more than welcome !, 
   do i just contact a psychologist, 
  [ here 's a link to hotlines by country ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/swresources/comments/2dnji0/hotline_numbers/ ) ( it 's the same as the one i have provided in the article , i just copy-pasted it so you wo n't have to go through it ) . 
  although they are suicide hotlines and you may or may not be suicidal , the person on the other end of the line is going to be more than happy to answer your questions regarding what your next step should be .
