  the world bank actually congratulated him for implementing efficient economic reforms and for successfully fighting corruption ( sources : [ 1 ] ( http://siteresources.worldbank.org/inteca/resources/act3.pdf ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.civil.ge/eng/article.php?id=13187 ) , [ 3 ] ( http://www.doingbusiness.org/rankings ) ) . 
  a quote from the anticorruption in transition report by the world bank :, 
   prior rounds of the beeps highlighted that firms in georgia perceived very high levels of corruption.this changed dramatically, 
  with the 2005 round of the survey.the largest reductions in corruption among all transition countries from 2002 and, 
  2005 occurred in georgia . 
  firms report that both administrative corruption and state capture have fallen markedly and that, 
  corruption is far less of a problem to business.these results are not surprising to those who know the country well , as the, 
  pace of economic and institutional reform in georgia since the `` rose revolution '' in november 2003 has been impressive . 
  for the past two years policy making has been led by a cadre of leaders who gained power on an anticorruption platform, 
  and placed governance at the top of the reform agenda . 
  obviously , attacking south ossetia was n't the smartest of moves , but he certainly has n't attacked russia proper , as you have said in your comment . 
   are you an actor / troll posing as a russian ? 
  do you * actually * doubt whether he is russian or not * only * because he disagrees with your position ? 
  source ( s ) ? 
  although it 's certainly safe to say that the situation did n't change much in the mean time , this map is old . 
  it shows debaltsevo as part of the de-facto ukrainian territory . 
  i agree with him , seeing as it is russia 's goal to destabilize ukraine , the only way to cope with the situation is to set up heavy defenses and to invest in anti missile systems . 
  after that , officially getting rid of the occupied territories for good is the only viable solution . 
  2:49 '' ** the army , fuck yeah !, 
  the obstacle course certainly seems like a lot of fun , and i hope that the soldiers will put their newly learned skills to good use . 
  it 's not an issue of sexuality , but an issue of human rights . 
  consenting adults should be able to do what ever they want in a bedroom without fearing persecution -- it 's not like they would be harming anyone . 
  with that being said , i welcome poroshenko 's move , i see that he is trying to introduce some of the more `` advanced '' european values to his country in an effort to move forward . 
  cough , cough !, 
  i wonder if the scenes where there are separatists who smile are part of news front 's propaganda campaign against ukraine and an effort to demoralize the ukrainian army . 
  `` this video , [ ... ] not intended to glorify war '' my ass . 
  putin 's track record of lying through his teeth goes beyond absolutely anything the world of the 21st century has gotten to witness until now . 
  you are absolutely right , my apologies . 
  the majority of ukrainian parties are * not * `` far right '' , * no matter * how you try to spin it . 
  this `` article '' is nothing but a fucking joke . 
  nice `` translate '' flair , mods . 
  :p here you go , everyone . 
   poroshenko : ivan ivanovich zubkov , from our glorious 95th brigade ... which has covered itself in glory and became a legendary unit ... 
  the deputy squad commander has taken on the hardest of tasks in january 2015 : risking his life , he has conducted raids on the donetsk airport multiple times , all in order to save dozens of his comrades in arms who were wounded . 
  ivan zubkov has made an example of what a true ukrainian soldier should be . 
  with soldiers like him , we will undoubtedly win this war . 
  too all those who were related or close to him , i would like to say the sentence with which we are winning the war : heroes do n't die . 
  may he be honorably remembered . 
   * ( i could n't exactly understand what the other man was saying . 
  basically , he proclaims that ivan ivanovich zubkov is awarded with the title of `` hero of ukraine '' and the order of the gold star . 
   mother : indeed , our family is going through difficult times . 
  our son has perished , but we hope , and we are certain that his comrades will continue the legacy of my son , and that our country , ukraine , will become a free , independent and european country * ( video cuts off ) * . 
  please let me know if you find an error !, 
  if you were to hypothetically become a prominent ukrainian politician tomorrow , what would be the first decision you would make ? 
  i believe you mean `` lebensraum '' ( realm of life ) and not `` lebenstraum '' ( life dream ) . 
  not to be pedantic or anything , just wanted to let you know , 
  although the right sector most certainly is n't the most outstanding political group in ukraine , i completely disagree with your statement that it gives `` a big excuse for russia to invade '' . 
  that 's like saying that a woman got raped purely because she dressed provocatively , which is a very dangerous slippery slope . 
  could you guys please publish a list of what this sub 's moderation considers unreliable sources , including the reasons why for future reference ? 
  i 'd be glad to help in any way . 
  i 'm certain that putin is very capable to use the right sector 's image against ukraine and to hit the war drums with propaganda , all i disagree with is that it gives russia an `` excuse '' to invade , as if they had any international or moral legitimacy in invading ukraine just because there is a group of nationalists with the infinitesimal size of 10,000 , of which some are fighting on the front . 
  thanks !, 
  there is no way he could have the legal status of a prisoner of war when there is `` officially '' no war between ukraine and russia , more so if russia continues to deny that the captured soldiers are indeed active service duty members of its country . 
  of course , the tables would turn if putin admits that fact , but i doubt that he will . 
  until then , the soldiers will rightfully be tried as terrorists . 
  the problem is that i found a few ama requests on / r/iama , but none of them gained traction which is why i decided to post the request here where most of the users are vastly familiar with his work and could amass the necessary passion to actually reach out to him . 
  but yes , it would be fantastic if he would be featured on / r/iama . 
  i do n't mind at all , thanks for crediting me !, 
  at the end of the day , what matters is that we get simon on reddit . 
  thanks a lot , mr. higgins !, 
  i did n't even realize you were active on here , i just saw your username and i can say that i 'm positively surprised . 
  a year has passed since your last ama and a lot has changed as far as both the conflict and bellingcat itself is concerned , would you consider doing a new one ? 
  excellent news !, 
  we would all greatly appreciate it . 
  keep up the good work . 
  the only source you gave us ( sott.net ) is a known fringe conspiracy site . 
  if you do n't believe me just read today 's headline article on '' [ what you can do to reduce your electromagnetic field exposure ] ( http://www.sott.net/article/297840-emf-pollution-what-you-can-do-to-reduce-your-emf-exposure ) '' . 
  care to give us a more mainstream source ? 
  what the fuck did i just read ... 
  it 's truly heartwarming to see that the people of his hometown care and greet him with the respect he deserves . 
  but i have a feeling like he feels somewhat uncomfortable . 
  i would n't be surprised if the war changed him : after all , having been part of the illovaisk massacre and having had his bones broken by separatists during his 9 month long captivity was bound to affect him in a profound way . 
  i truly hope that he gets not only the glory , but also the help he needs . 
  this is an incredible step forward for relations between ukraine and lithuania whose effects will radiate for decades to come , even after the conflict will come to an end . 
  thanks for your answer !, 
  wow , what an intense episode . 
  the last time i saw a soldier die during the shoot of a vice reportage was when they were [ filming ] ( https://youtu.be/y3jbnepn6km?t=10m4s ) an fsa sniper in aleppo a few years ago ... 
  also , nice to see vice uploading a dispatch again , i quite missed them . 
  i 'm glad that the european union is ready to defend its values , but my question is : what will happen after those six months ? 
  will russia be able to exert control over crimea like nothing had ever happened ? 
  i do n't see what you are getting at . 
  the european union , as an organization , had * remarkably * little to do with iraq , libya or syria . 
  also , it 's not like the usa pose a danger to europe , or that the usa annexed the territory of another country in complete disregard of international law . 
  there is little point in discussing this issue any further . 
  try to stay on topic next time . 
   now you seem to be talking about `` threats '' , this makes a lot more sense . 
  national interests is the key motivation here ( whether political , strategic or economic ) not some rubbish about moral stances . 
  you 're right , it definitely makes more sense to address the issue in terms of national interests than virtual values which certainly play a ancillary role in the big picture . 
  i 'm sorry if my previous reply seemed overly confrontational . 
   [ he ] wants essentially the geopolitical equivalent of a fence . 
  excellent comparison . 
  russia also seeks the disintegration of the european union by financially sponsoring far right and anti-eu parties . 
  putin is the equivalent of the primary school bully who destroys the smart kid 's project because his own sucks , and leveling the playing field makes him seem better in comparison . 
  watched the whole thing -- i love his sarcastic sense of humor . 
  oh well , that 's ruskij mir for you . 
  i wonder if we will see a popular uprising in donetsk in the next few years . 
  `` everyone who disagrees with me is either a foreign agent , a fascist , or both , as everybody knows that i am always right and can do no wrong '', 
  here is a partial translation . 
  could somebody get me in contact with spiegel ? 
  i could finish the translation and caption it if they wish .
