  so if you think that it is n't needed , i must say that you are very mistaken . 
   these were both ideas suggested by our subredditors . 
  i simply did all i could to make it come true . 
  mental health guy here , wanted to thank you again for supporting the entire project . 
  whenever i had questions , i mostly only asked them to you since you seem to be such a cooperative , open and friendly person . 
  i think it 's sad that you left the moderation team , but i 'm sure you have solid reasons for doing so and i wish you all the best . 
   neither side won . 
  the only people who won were the staff, 
  well , considering that you are a part of fire nation and a staff member at the same time , i 'd say it 's safe to say that fn did win . 
  in all seriousness , gg to everyone from both fn and ne alike , this was a lot of fun . 
  this stuff is exactly what keeps this subreddit alive . 
  hopefully the necessary changes will be implemented for fighting to be more smooth and for the war mechanisms to work consistently . 
  indeed , we attacked first ... 
  ... after war was unrightfully declared on us three time due to people in / ch g not recognizing ne 's territorial claims , a show of force happened at backpackercity 's base and our members got coerced into agreeing to peace terms that meant that we could n't even set up defense plans or host meetings . 
  this war was a reaction to all of that . 
  either way , i know that both fn and ne members agree that it was lot of fun , at that this type of situation is going to repeat itself heavily in the future . 
  great to hear !, 
  fire fountain city sure is angry about the grief , i hope this gets sorted out soon . 
  well then , see you on the battlefield , tyrant . 
  yeah , we ourselves are thoroughly enjoying the rping , it sure adds color to the server . 
   that being said , we believe you and are going do everything in our power to find out who stole the iron , and we hope to be able to rely on you guys to do the same . 
  hm , looks like there is n't a consensus about this issue in ne . 
  [ daeshik seems to have the blocks ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gceearu.png ) , i hope you can get them back to us for the sake of fairness and companionship . 
  full support from the fire nation . 
  we would n't mind you creating a ne hq . 
  we would n't be in a position to criticize you for it , anyway . 
  essentially however , we would move into a cold war , but if that 's what you want , so shall it be . 
  it accomplishes our goals the same as invading you would . 
  a fire nation puppet regime ? 
  we are currently deciding whether we should split up ne like germany between all the allies or if we should just promote ne members who are loyalists to the idea of a peaceful world as mayors . 
  we are in contact with them . 
  those solutions , as well as the cold war option are equally attractive for us and our allies . 
  edit : i should add that the `` peaceful world '' loyalists are neither anti-ne nor pro-fn . 
  all they desire is for you to change your empirical approach in favor of a cooperative one . 
  settling the entire matter without a conflict remains an option in their eyes , however , i do n't think that you have ever considered it . 
  like you ever wanted peace . 
  fn was not going to be the next earth republic on your list . 
  also , i remind you that fn attacked you following ne infringing our sovereignty . 
  you have declared war twice on us based on `` people from fn insulting you '' . 
  let 's not forget the time you asked for ransom for our peaceful outposts despite us tolerating yours . 
  or the time you griefed ffc . 
  or the time you threatened to `` purge '' fn for no other reason than people typing `` chfa '' in the chat . 
  this is all a reaction to that . 
  all we want is a world free from your terror , and the only way that i see that this is happening based on the way you talk is through an armed confrontation . 
  do n't try to play the good guy here , and actually read mako 's post and try answering some of those questions , k ? 
  your vids never fail to make me smile . 
  showing people exactly what not to do sure is a good way of preventing injury/death . 
  although to this day , i still wonder how you have n't burnt off your eyebrows yet ... 
  i am very , very pleased to see this . 
  yeah , screw suicide prevention , right ? 
  i asked panda and username to relay that info to you . 
  also , nobody is declaring war on anyone , i do n't know who got that idea . 
  could we get our stuff back ? 
  what ? 
  nobody discussed war in the fn . 
  we were doing diplomatic talks with whomever was online at the time and got part of our stuff back . 
  is ne planning a war ? 
  because we 're not ... 
  firelord lydaw , commander of the armies :p, 
  on the fn side ( including allies ) , i recall idahosciguy , fwilli , primelegionnaire , naozumi , 976xazuul , firelordizumi , djsucktnuts and obviously you . 
  sorry if i forgot someone , which , i 'm assuming is about 10 more people at least . 
  i 'll go with ozymandias ( breaking bad ) . 
  it 's incredible how [ literally everything comes crashing down ] ( / s ) in one single episode . 
  we see [ a family get torn apart in a matter of minutes ] ( / s ) , something that is made incredibly believable by the exceptional acting . 
  i ca n't remember an episode that ever gave me the heebie jeebies as much as ozymandias . 
  for ever my bb, 
  mental health guy plays minecraft :p, 
  what ? 
  cheese is a guy ? 
  ^ ( that ca n't be , he is a sandwich , and a good looking one at that . 
  dishonor to you ! ), 
  i think he was joking , what 's up with the downvotes ? 
  ** rrrrreeeeeeeeeeeddddd - **, 
  i love it !, 
  the punk/indie rock somehow really fits . 
  oh , and the prodigy for the season 2 finale fight . 
  do you guys need some help testing the economy ? 
  if not , is there a new eta ? 
  ohhh , i came up with autofarm designs for items that were n't even farmed before . 
  i just got ta build them quickly :p, 
  wow , that 's a lot . 
  what are you naming your dragon ? 
  currently , the server is down , however it will likely be up by tonight from what i could gather . 
  when in minecraft , go to `` multiplayer '' , then click on `` direct connect '' and type in `` avatarmc.com '' in the prompt . 
  click `` join server '' to wrap it all up . 
  i wonder why the jet in the second clip fired its flares and proceeded to fly in circles . 
  what purpose does that serve ? 
  edit : downvoting a question ? 
  really ? 
  why would they conduct training so close to the combat zone , though ? 
  thanks !, 
  edit : people downvoting a `` thanks '' ? 
  could someone give this guy gold ? 
  what an interesting way of acquiring such wonderful pictures . 
  i would honestly doubt it , i believe he just got it from a bank which got it fresh from the mint . 
  wonderful ? 
  i wish . 
  if i may quote my latest challenge :, 
   shoot urself in the foot, 
  amazing , especially the grass on the roof .
