  because they are suspects , thankfully this does n't apply to citizens , but if it did the government would have the power to revoke citizenship of anyone it thought was involved in terror . 
  would you accept that for non islamic extremism e.g. 
  far right extremism ? 
  ive seen people justify breivik in this way , its sick, 
  it 's mostly the left wing fighting muslim oppression in europe , muslims themselves mostly keep their heads down , the vocal ones get more attention . 
  every time a terrorist attack happens muslims speak out , but it 's not interesting so it does n't make news . 
  no one believes that . 
  obviously the people most responsible for the crimes are the people who commit them . 
  but we should n't ignore our governments role in creating mass antipathy towards the west through destabilisation . 
  muslim families have suffered more due to terrorism than any other group . 
  killing innocents can never be excused . 
  that 's exactly what he said , no one anywhere is safe . 
  it 's not true, 
  and who exactly are you going to attack ? 
  innocent muslims in a mosque like that kid in quebec ? 
  real westerners will decry terrorism in any form, 
  terrorist attacks in europe have decreased in the last 12 months , just saying, 
  it 's not a codeword , we just have more south asians so asian is associated with brown people rather than yellow people, 
  lol, 
  eastern europeans go to working class communities all over england and do working class jobs , and there 's a strong feeling that they do n't integrate . 
  muslims generally go to cities which are n't anti-immigrant like london , or really run down areas . 
  saying there 's a muslim rape epidemic is very sensationalist . 
  a demographic that 's much poorer relative to the rest of the nation is overrepresented in the crime data , we do need a slowdown when it comes to muslim immigration and we 're getting it ( gradually ) . 
  in the uk ee immigrants are the most ( unfairly ) hated , because they go and work in working class communities and there 's a strong perception that they take jobs whilst refusing to integrate . 
  some muslims do n't integrate , but by the 3rd generation most do at least here in london , that may change considering we 've let in too many too fast but integration problems are overblown, 
  what 's the chance of hamon/melenchon quitting and endorsing the other so the left have a shot in the second round ? 
  it 's always been unlikely that 3rd world immigration would fall with us leaving the eu , it 'll fall , but through stronger immigration policy in general . 
  farage campaigned for leave on the promise that we 'd stopped eastern european immigration , which is what people care about the most here . 
  he even supported bringing more in from india . 
  if you look at eurosceptic trends in the u.k. it 's pretty clear that brexit was n't part of an alt-right surge . 
  ukip are flagging , but we 've always had a bad perception of the eu unfortunately , it 's just that this time we got a referendum . 
  it 's already illegal to preach hatred, 
  france leaving and turkey joining ? 
  incredibly unlikely, 
  yeah but in the canadian election the swings happened during the campaign - similar to the fall of fillion in the french election only more extreme . 
  so do n't see how that can really be used as an example here . 
  but yeah , prepare for the worst , no french person should be complacent in the face of le pen, 
  british election the win was by 6.6 % ( conservative over labour ) - there were a few polls saying it 'd be 6 % , and the trend was approx . 
  2 % in conservative 's favour . 
  brexit polls were n't skewed . 
  these are the polls for the canadian election https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_in_the_canadian_federal_election,_2015 there was a big swing , but that was detected by the polls - they were n't wrong . 
  trump was ahead in some pennsylvania polls from what i remember, 
  well yeah people need to get out and vote , but really the chances of a le pen victory are next to nil . 
  you ca n't compare the most skewed american poll ( wisconsin ) with the french polls ( which could be skewed in either direction ) , but even if you could the french polls would have to be skewed 3 times as much as they were in wisconsin . 
  no one thinks it 'll be 80-20 , but really the probability of overturning a 60-40 deficit is n't that much greater than overturning an 80-20 ( in absolute terms ) . 
  anyways , we 'll likely see how accurate the polls are to a degree in the first round , so there will be fair warning, 
  of course anything could happen , but do n't think there 's any comparison here . 
  hillary and trump were always between 10 percentage points of each other according to trend lines ( in 2016 ) . 
  macron and le pen have always been separated by at least 20 percentage points according to the trends . 
  trump did n't even need to overturn the 5-7 average disparity , he won via the electoral college . 
  there 's no electoral college in france . 
  note the dutch and austrian elections - the populists in both cases did worse than expected . 
  if anything this is a sign that trump and brexit have scared anti-populists into voting the french polls are far more comparable to the new york polls , and for more perspective , the spread in texas was half that being polled here . 
  who would predict a u.k. implosion from vote alone ? 
  they said the pound would take a hit due to speculation and they were right . 
  very few people think the uk is going to implode , but to think there will be no economic repercussions once we leave the driving seat of the most powerful economic union in the world is very naive, 
  `` yellow fever '' seems to be a reaction by conservative men against the status quo - they 'd prefer passive obedient traditional wives . 
  of course this is distinct from people who just like asians or people who fall for asians despite having no preference . 
  in london at least there is n't really an `` exotic aura '' around any group cause they 're all so prevalent, 
  most must know about the great firewall and island disputes at least, 
  the article cherry picked the only poll which put young support that high . 
  young voters are also voting for the far left in disproportionate numbers , in fact you could probably say they are more left wing than previous generations overall , so it 's clear they want change . 
  surely most, 
  broadest definition of rape in the world , probably the most active push to get women to report assault in the world . 
  the fact that you have to resort to such an oddly specific type of attack as grenade attack just shows how fine sweden really is . 
  not at all , they 're like the poll numbers for new york, 
  why is it shameful ? 
  the uk made a huge decision which scotland opposed , sturgeon represents scotland and therefore wants to stay in the eu . 
  history and science can be understood by everyone independent of geographical location, 
  affirmative action is n't a european thing , it 's an american thing aimed at papering over the cracks left by persistent underfunding of black communities . 
  blacks have lived in poverty relative to whites since slavery , if you look at income mobility and the initial living standards of blacks after slavery was abolished , you 'd expect blacks to still be in relative poverty all other things being equal - and they are . 
  we also know for a fact that blacks suffer from disproportionate institutional discrimination , there have been so many studies where they submit identical job applications with white sounding names and black sounding names , each one has confirmed that blacks are less likely to get called back . 
  there 's also a cultural problem , black culture was developed at a time when they had a lot of reasons to be aggrieved , and now the culture is infused with a lot of anger and hatred of the system - this holds them back . 
  neuroplasticity has shown that iq performance can be radically increased if kids are given certain exercises when young , no one believes that there is any way to measure intrinsic intelligence even if it exists , because neuroplastic effects become dominant so young . 
  he 's a crazy dictator who wants to create a guise of conflict with the eu to induce nationalist fervour in turkey . 
  everything he 's said about europe since he got in power has been absolutely insane . 
  what 's bizarre is not the stuff he says , it 's the fact that he 's in power in what used to be a very secular country, 
   completely irrelevant . 
  what matters is what the followers believe and do , not what their book says . 
  the point is the diversity within the values muslims hold , i mentioned that most have n't read the book , which i agree is largely irrelevant . 
   how does this translate into practical action ? 
  yes , condemn terrorism or bigotry against gays , but then what ? 
  how do you prevent people from bringing those values into your culture ? 
  well that 's to do with the vetting and integration program , take two cities london and paris . 
  london has it 's issues now because we 've moved from aspiring to be a monocultural multiethnic city to a multicultural multiethnic city which i think is wrong , but before was a shining example of how to integrate immigrants . 
  we took a large number muslim immigrants , made sure they were spread out all over the city instead of in muslim only zones and we integrated them fantastically . 
  in paris they pushed all the poorer migrants to the outskirts and let those areas rot . 
  we need an older london model , with good vetting , and a ban on faith schools and that 'd work , we 've seen it work in the past . 
   sorry , but this is both retarded and insulting to muslims . 
  so if i criticize islam , that is going to alienate muslims and make them more radical ? 
  do you really believe that they are that primitive and violent , that i need to worry about offending them because that might prime them to become terrorists ? 
  please look at your statement in the context of christianity and tell me it does n't sound ridiculous : have you watched any of christopher hitchens videos ? 
  he 's a great example of how to criticise islam , he attacks specific abhorrent beliefs that some muslims hold , and even though he is criticising the label islam he criticises the specific beliefs , and that 's great . 
  always makes the distinction between islam and muslims . 
  always measured even though he speaks with vitriol against religion . 
  what is clearly going to alienate and radicalise youth is this blind hatred of islam a minority of the population seem to have , the ` islam is a toxic belief system i 'm gon na draw pictures of muhammad just to piss off muslims , ' ` i 'm going to give this woman wearing a hijab a dirty look . ', 
  like i said it 's a spectrum , anyone who is capable of being radicalised was already a cunt , but it might have been the alienation that tipped that person over from being a nasty awful person to being a terrorist . 
   what 's the difference ? 
  i mean , are n't the refugees also going to have the same integration issues ? 
  how does it make any sense to bring them into a western country where they will experience alienation ( you said this was bad ) , and incompatible language and culture , when we can just help them in a neighboring country for something like 10x less money ?
