do you think any other major party in germany would do differently ? 
  what she did was constitutional . 
  turkish population in germany is 3-4 times the number brought in during the last few years and it 's been there for decades , bringing in a million immigrants is a big change , but hardly fundamental . 
  uk brought in approx 1 million over the past 5 years . 
  marx is very respected in all academic circles . 
  you do n't have to be a communist sympathiser to value marx in the same way you do n't have to believe in plato 's utopia to value plato, 
  can only put more sanctions on russia which would n't accomplish much, 
  lol no i do n't see it, 
  germany is one of the safest countries in the world . 
  lower rape rate and sexual assault rate than the uk . 
  one of the lowest homicide rates in the world . 
  germany has had majority turkish areas for decades . 
  sweden records rape in a different way to any other country on the planet . 
  if a spouse rapes their wife 100 times in sweden that 's 100 crimes , anywhere else it 'd be 1 crime . 
  any crime problem in sweden is so ridiculously overblown . 
  it has a similar homicide rate to norway sex crime has been decreasing : https://www.bra.se/bra/brott-och-statistik/valdtakt-och-sexualbrott.html stockholm for instance was ranked the fourth safest city in the world by the economist : http://safecities.economist.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2015/06/safe_cities_index_2015_eiu_report-1.pdf well of course i agree with you the uk leaving makes the eu much weaker , only thing i claimed was that it 's the most powerful economic union in the world , which it is . 
   it 's also over a year old , way before the brexit/trump dichotomy in every election since brexit/trump populists have done worse than expected . 
  if anything we 're moving away from populism now . 
  pvv , fn , ln , sd , afd , ukip were all doing better at the time of this survey . 
  germany has always been ranked among the top 5 in any academic research into how well countries are perceived by their peers . 
  https://www.forbes.com/sites/andrewbender/2016/01/25/the-worlds-20-best-nations-announced-germany-is-no-1-u-s-no-4/#1e4a302652f5 here they were ranked number 1 in a particularly comprehensive one . 
  post refugee crisis are you debating the fact that the eu is the most powerful economic union on earth with or without us ? 
  it is also very unlikely that france will leave , french euroscepticism has always been a lot softer than ours, 
  according to who ? 
  people who vote for the populist right , i.e. 
  germany is probably the most respected country in the world right now . 
  spearheading the most powerful economic union on earth . 
  media massively overblew the cologne crisis , made it seem like it was a rape epidemic . 
  police kept quiet for a week or so to get their facts in order . 
  do n't believe everything you read, 
  poland looks like an awesome country to roadtrip, 
  why is it not ever going to happen ? 
  we 've already seen an islam on the cusp of reformation . 
  it 's just historical ignorance to make such an absolute claim, 
  because it 's antithetical to our values . 
  should we have banned the far right after breivik ? 
  also banning islam would not save any lives it 'd just radicalise many more, 
  my hope at least is that counterterrorist measures have been successful to the point where bombing and mass shooting is becoming too difficult for terrorists to carry out . 
  if terrorists are resorting to this kind of desperation , maybe it indicates that attacks with 100 + casualties are behind us ? 
  from a very far distance, 
  i do n't think the swing right was due to pvv though , most countries have swung right on immigration recently and that 's because public sentiment is clear and there 's been a refugee crisis . 
  does it really have much to do with populist parties, 
  2 new parties are really small and insignificant . 
  wilders had more influence when he was actually part of the coalition , since then his grip has weakened . 
  has he ? 
  i seem to recall a far more right wing netherlands during the days of pim fortuyn in the early 2000s , wilders also did better in 2010, 
  i agree with you entirely , but i 'd argue that everything that 's happened so far apart from the republican primary is entirely consistent with the natural cycling of democrats and republicans , nothing to do with the right wing gaining ground . 
  republican primary was won by a tiny segment of the electorate . 
  i do think trump will be there for 8 years , if he does n't it 'll be embarrassing , like you pointed out the 4 year club is very small . 
  if times go bad now it plays into the narrative that brexit was a terrible decision and that the right wing have ruined the country . 
  unless you 're talking really bad in which case yeah you 're probably right, 
  are you talking about the us ? 
  hillary was probably the shittiest candidate in modern history and democrats had been in power for 8 years so the pendulum was swinging against them . 
  i do n't know that the us has become much more right wing . 
  you 're probably sceptical of polls , but brexit and trump were accurately polled to within 3 percentage points ( states are another story ) le pen currently trails by 20pts . 
  but if you 're correct then it will be nationalisms greatest victory since world war 2 . 
  i live in the u.k. , find it hard to believe we 'll go right wing either, 
  greece was battered with refugees . 
  yes and our capital is operating just fine . 
  even amongst natives ukip does much worse than it does nationwide in london . 
  ( 4 % mayoral election , assuming only white brits voting that 's around 8 % ), 
  yes the un needs to have a plan in place because obviously those displaced by climate change ca n't come to europe . 
  but it wo n't be a sudden thing , climate change will displace people gradually and it will be manageable if dealt with sensibly . 
  so none of this changes the fact we have to continue doing the positive work we 've been doing in africa , keep reducing birth rates and increasing education levels, 
  you think the smugglers will continue doing what they do if there 's zero chance they 'll make it to europe and risk of serious jail time ? 
  it does n't matter if they come again and again as long as we keep ferrying them back, 
  i mean short term nationalism has risen a bit , that 's plain as day , but it 's rise has been massively overstated . 
  if le pen wins that will be a tremendous victory for nationalism and i 'll eat my words here but currently what you have is : pvv - wilders did worse than he was expected to do , up on the last election , down on 2010 fn - le pen doing very well , but fn was always more successful than other western nationalist parties , and she 's toned down the rhetoric a lot from the days of her father , so not incredible levels of popularity ( if she wins though it 'll be the most impressive victory in my lifetime ) ukip - in decline , peaked at 13 % , more moderate than all the other parties i 've mentioned here afd - currently sitting at 5 % also look at greece , absolutely ravaged by the economic crisis , hit worse than most other countries by the refugee crisis yet golden dawn still only managed 8 % and there 's no indication of any war on foreigners being in the works, 
  look at greece , times got particularly shitty , golden dawn still capped at 8 %, 
  a lot of our most assimilated groups are black . 
  ghanaians , nigerians people from the caribbean etc. 
  wilders did better in 2010 than he did in a year where europe had a refugee crisis and a lot of terrorism , also he 's half indonesian , not racist at all . 
  fn always did decently , better than any other far-right western european party . 
  le pen dropped all the ( public ) racism , anti-semitism and homophobia of her father and capitalised on all the recent terrorism . 
  what would be surprising to me would be to see them in the second round in 5 years time, 
  most of the non-muslim parisian youth are integrated, 
  these posts become far-right bubbles . 
  / r/europe in general is very liberal, 
  rubbish , serious investment into bangladesh reduced their fertility rate from 8 to 2 in just 3 decades . 
  targeted aid aimed at pulling the poorest out of absolute poverty and increasing the education of women will be how we solve this problem . 
  a lot of boats have already been sinking . 
  this type of inhumane answer is the reason these posts become far-right bubbles . 
  what we need to do is ferry them back to africa and sort out a deal with a north african country to provide shelter, 
  how do you think we 'll turn to war ? 
  most people are n't prepared to elect a non-racist right wing party to stop immigration ( myself included ) . 
  people in the big cities ( where most immigrants go ) are generally more liberal and content with immigration policy . 
  ( e.g. 
  london mayoral elections , ukip got 4 % of the vote , if you generously assume that all the people who voted were natives that 's still only 9 % of natives . ), 
  nigerians , ghanaians and people from the caribbean are some of the best integrated immigrant groups we have here in the uk . 
  in what future do people turn against their colleagues , friends and family ? 
  oh misread your reply , thought you mean who else would be amongst the largest nations . 
  worlds biggest political entity forever is a huge statement . 
  there 's no telling what will happen 200 years from now . 
  i ca n't predict who will overtake india population wise but i do think it 's likely that someone will . 
  china , nigeria ( though could well run into serious trouble and conflict down the line ) usa provided it maintains its healthy flow of immigrants, 
  not necessarily but certainly will be the largest for some time . 
  but should n't be surprising cause it 's been one of the most populated countries throughout history and only since the industrial revolution has n't been one of the top 2 or 3 major economic players, 
  africa is massive , it wo n't be more densely populated than asia is right now . 
  it 's also far more resource rich than asia , and a lot of that is untapped . 
  like i said as soon as population caps technology wo n't be racing it , non renewable resources will only become more efficient as time goes on .
