  the dutch too have problems , but a lot of successful integration too . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/muslim-mayor-of-rotterdam-ahmed-aboutaleb-tells-extremists-who-dont-like-freedom-to-f-off-9975459.html another example of the fact that it 's the muslims who integrate and become influences for younger muslims that are given a platform and a voice . 
  put simply i think it 's because while a lot of europeans want a slowdown in muslim immigration for fear their societies will become more conservative , pvv actually are more conservative . 
  also do remember that while there has been a steady influx in muslims coming to europe , the influx has been quite small relative to the existing muslim population . 
  when it comes to existing muslim populations in europe there have been problems with integration relative to other immigrant groups ( asians , nigerians , people from the caribbean ) but there also has been a lot of successful integration . 
  it 's the successful immigrants who are climbing the social ladder and exerting more influence , so a lot of people are confident of long term integration prospects . 
  people were interested in the predicted number of electoral college seats and they used state polls to work out that prediction . 
  most state polls were correct , but the ones in the midwest were a bit skewed , which is why predictions were wrong . 
  there were also national polls used to give a general idea of how the race was going , these were pretty much bang on . 
  national polls only let down those who did n't really understand what they measured . 
  national polls measure popular vote and popular vote only . 
  http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html similarly with brexit , remove the anomaly ( science 101 ) which puts remain 10 points up and the polls were bang on . 
  i agree , but i think that multiculturalism is a necessary stepping stone to a monocultural multiethnic society . 
  what 's worrying is when people act as if multiculturalism is a feasible end goal . 
  with nigerian , caribbean , indian immigration it was always intended that mono-culturalism be the goal , but now with the latest waves of immigration it seems that different sights have been set, 
  such rubbish , pvv is literally half indonesian in ancestry and they 're the most anti-immigration party out there . 
  the afd voters are surely those who like the netherlands the least right now, 
  when i say successful integration i 'm talking about indians , chinese , nigerians , ghanaians etc. 
  the atrocities you describe were disgusting , no one is n't against the ideologies that motivated them . 
  but a religion is an umbrella for a massive range of ideologies . 
  we want to stamp out the ones that are n't acceptable in our society and accept the ones that are . 
  i view this as a key component of our culture , tolerance for everything apart from the intolerant . 
  it 's something that sets us apart from the non-western world . 
  there are unfortunately paedophile rings in our churches too , it 's clear that extreme religion which leads to repression creates paedophiles . 
  the solution is n't to alienate everyday christians and muslims . 
  it 's to educate . 
  an mp was murdered on our streets too , the guy who butchered her does not represent the everyday right wing , he represents the extreme right . 
  both the extreme right and radical islam need to be stamped out of our society . 
  to be british does mean adopting british culture for the vast majority of people , we view multiculturalism as a stepping stone to a multi-ethnic british society . 
  the fact that a lot of people you talk to in london are n't ethnic-brits does n't concern me , but if everyone you talked to did n't seem culturally british that would worry me . 
  living in london i do n't feel the latter at all . 
  when you look at 3rd generation immigrants we 've achieved the integration goal so far , what 's worrying is the mass immigration leading to areas where people never integrate , and we all want a stop to that . 
  edit : out of interest what do you think it takes to assimilate into dutch culture other than learning dutch ? 
  i do n't see any potential barriers to integration but then again i 've only interacted with young people from amsterdam . 
  i 'd like to see studies on this . 
  london and other major cities are still magnets for the young , despite crazy housing prices , i do n't think it 's a magnet because of the high immigration rates , it 's a magnet because that 's where the jobs are . 
  the young are the most left wing pro immigrant generation there is , they also have the least choice over where they live and are concentrated in urban areas . 
  i also plan to move away from the city when i 'm older , i think old people in general want to escape the city . 
  this is n't about escaping immigrants , it 's about the fact that some peace and tranquility is quite appealing after years of the bustle of the city , also makes economic sense once you 're retired . 
  old non-whites are leaving cities at unprecedented rates too , it 's simply not feasible to live on a government pension in the major cities and enjoy a high quality of life anymore . 
  this is a more recent phenomenon and explains why so many older people are leaving the cities . 
  anti-immigrant sentiment is highest in poor areas without a lot of immigration , and is high in poor areas in general . 
  no denying there are places with tension caused by too much immigration from the wrong places too fast . 
  uk also has had successful integration for the most part , though we do have cities with problems . 
  cause they see it as a step in the right direction . 
  they 're not fans of muslims either . 
  old conservatives are generally not anti-semitic at all , but i 'm worried about what the populist parties will look like in 30 years time . 
  well yeah , that 's tautological surely ? 
  when you see the integration problems muslim communities are having , the fact that they are n't assimilating like nigerians , indians and east asians did ( uk perspective ) is worrying to a lot of people . 
  there still exist hindu communities yet no one is concerned about them because they generally are n't conservative relative to the west . 
  it 's not about demographic change , it 's about the values those not assimilating hold . 
  a lot of europeans are opposed to mass immigration because they do n't want their countries getting more conservative . 
  voting pvv would make no sense to them , pvv actually are more conservative . 
  sure but the alt-right movement that 's driven the populist right wing is incredibly anti-semitic, 
  do you have the replicated studies ? 
  certainly does n't seem the case in the uk or the us, 
   how can you say that with a straight face after brexit and trump ? 
  your near-certainty that she wo n't win only highlights your blind spots . 
  because even if the polls are skewed by as much as they were for trump ( for brexit they were n't really skewed , there was just one anomaly poll that came through at the end tipping the trend onto remain ) . 
  even if they were skewed that much the odds of her winning are the same as trump winning new york prior to the election . 
   ukip are in decline because they achieved their only purpose . 
  brexit was only an economic issue for remain voters , for everyone else it was about immigration and british identity . 
  ukip are our populist party , they have a comprehensive manifesto , if they 've achieved their only purpose then populism has achieved it 's only purpose in the uk , and for that i 'm glad . 
   `` brexit has no chance . 
  trump has no chance . 
  etc etc '' i never said that certainly , and no one looking at the hard data would ever suggest that . 
  you can get 100 # for every 1 you place on afd , you could get like # 3 for every 1 for trump . 
  it 's really an apples to oranges comparison . 
  plenty of national polls put trump ahead , likewise plenty of polls put leave ahead . 
   hahaha is this not true ? 
  or was clinton your idea of a top democratic candidate ? 
   yeah and if he wins , you 'll still have your head in the sand . 
  i expect he will win , seems the pendulum of politics takes 8 years to swing . 
  oh well they certainly do n't mind pandering to conservatives when it comes to israel-palestine . 
  a lot of believe jews to be the cause of all the things going wrong in europe right now, 
  he whined about mein kampf being banned and also strongly advocated for the qu ` ran to be banned . 
  either you advocate for nothing to be banned or you do n't whine about mein kampf being banned . 
  i 'm guessing you have n't heard the populist-right wing rhetoric about jews . 
  i do n't think the right are winning at all . 
  look at le pen , dropped the racism , homophobia and anti-semitism of her father and still only gained 10 % , very unlikely that she wins . 
  ukip peaked at 15 % and are in decline . 
  brexit was a victory for the populist right wing , but it was an economic issue , and it was n't spearheaded by populists , but traditional conservatives and apolitical romantics . 
  pvv have no chance . 
  afd have no chance . 
  sd have no chance . 
  trump lost the popular vote to the worst democratic nominee in modern history after 8 years of democratic rule . 
  if the democrats had got in for 12 consecutive years that would be unprecedented in modern times . 
  if trump does n't win in 2020 it 'll be a clear indication that america has shifted to the left . 
  golden dawn and jobbik do n't have a chance in hell though . 
  obviously there are fringe parties which are more fascist . 
  he certainly is more fascist that le pen and trump , fn has taken a massive pivot to the left since the days of le pen 's father . 
  i agree that the centrist parties need to speak up on what we 're going to do to tackle the integration issues we 've been having with muslim communities , but his views are n't a solution nor are they even remotely acceptable . 
  we actually have made steps to reducing mass immigration to the uk , there was a significant decrease this year . 
  how is globalist media a slur nowadays , surely you want your media to have a global perspective ? 
  there are plenty of non-populist parties who want to cut down on immigration . 
  i think most europeans want a big slowdown when it comes to immigration because they do n't want their countries becoming more conservative . 
  the populist parties want that because they are more conservative . 
  any media outlet with a pro british bias was vehemently pro eu , does n't take a genius to recognise leaving the driving seat of the worlds most powerful economic union is going to be rough . 
  i think we 'll make it , but it will be rough . 
  clearly not true because so many groups have integrated well into society , and of the groups where integration has been a problem there are still significant subsections which have integrated .
