  the environmental situation is dire but that 's mostly due to the attitude of our leaders . 
  if africa 's growing economy can revolve around climate friendly industry, 
  yes but their population growth has happened now , soon their birth rates will be below 2 and their population will start to decrease . 
  bangladesh has always been densely populated , that does n't take away from the incredible achievement of going from 8 to 2 children per women in 30 years . 
  that 's what can be achieved in africa too . 
  yes it is and we need to aggressively pursue climate friendly policy now . 
  the fact that people were n't aggressively protesting trump ending obamas climate plan as aggressively as they were his travel ban does not bode well for the future of our planet . 
  the world has already hit peak child , so all the population growth yet to come will be due to increasing life expectancy . 
  if you got africas birth rate down to 2 tomorrow their projected population would n't change by too much we can of course try and get the birth rate down even further in developing countries and we can do that by improving educational institutions and infrastructure whilst empowering women and providing easier access to contraceptives . 
  africa has already passed the stage of development where child mortality has fallen but birth rates stay just as high . 
  they 're now where bangladesh was around 30 years ago . 
  bangladeshs birth rate is approx 2 children per women now, 
  not true , birth rates are plateauing , they plateau when countries reach a certain level of development . 
  we now know that there will be approx 11 billion humans on the planet at the peak of our population , once we get there our technological development will no longer be in a race with population growth and we should be fine as long as we push climate friendly policy . 
  there 's far less confidence in washington and beijing than there is in brussels, 
  we made all sorts of contractual obligations that we wo n't be able to fulfil once we leave . 
  settlement fee is just paying our fair share for those contracts prematurely, 
  source ? 
  seems impossible to measure though . 
  maybe one day when all cars are smart cars/automated, 
  yeah beautiful architecture , great food , rich history , lovely gardens , museums , cafes etc. 
  real hotbed of shit . . 
  pretty accurate ? 
  you can only believe that if you ignore most of history . 
  compare europe during the dark ages to anywhere today . 
  the cultural variance within any one group of peoples over time is far greater than that which exists between different groups today . 
  china , india and the arab world have all been the centre of civilisation in the past . 
  the scholarly tradition of islam during the golden age of islam was amazing , do n't see that today do you ? 
  all those examples are examples of completely segregated communities . 
  blacks and whites were completely separate in rhodesia and south africa , different culture , different everything . 
  some blacks were part of white culture but the vast majority were n't . 
  the west right now is the inverse , real issues but the vast majority of communities have integrated well and are part of society . 
  the average young indian living in india today is more ` western ' than anyone living in the 15th century , and it 's not like we 've evolved biologically since then . 
  it 's culture that makes people not people that make culture , all people can hope to do is make incremental changes to the culture that already exists . 
  like i said i want a slowdown of mena immigrants because we need to see 95 % integration instead of 50 % . 
  you 're defining european as ethnically european , most people define it as a cultural thing , the redefinition has already happen . 
  syrian civil war was n't caused by population growth anymore than the first world war was . 
  it 's been in the works for a long time , one of the sparks was the arab spring in 2011 . 
  it was n't caused by climate change either . 
  i personally want a massive slowdown in islamic immigration until we 've seen the same successes we have with nigerian , ghanaian , indian , bangladeshi , caribbean and east asian immigration . 
  all these immigrant groups have integrated successfully . 
  most people in big cities are very close to at least a few people not of their race , hell in london i 'd wager that most youngsters have been in an interracial relationship , if there 's any conflict it wo n't be held along racial lines , it 'll be held along cultural ones . 
  so the decreasing native population does n't matter one bit, 
  we access a very small fraction of our freshwater i think . 
  less than 1 % or something like that , i hope that the technology will have caught up before there 's any risk of running out of water . 
  the economy is n't the only benefit , mono ethnic societies have another layer of tribalism to them , we desperately need to move away from tribalism if we 're going to make it through the next few hundred years . 
  i think the most skilled individuals from 3rd world countries do n't have the capacity to change anything there right now , being skilled does n't = having more power and unfortunately that 's more true in developing countries . 
  perhaps better they 're in first world countries and fulfilling their potential , it 's not like the countries they 're from are n't growing , most of them are growing at a much faster rate than the west . 
  i do n't think turkeys degeneration is anything to do with immigration . 
  turkey banned headscarves and jailed erdogan in the late 90s , well after the mass emigration to germany . 
  i think the regression was a reaction to more extreme secular policy and then erdogan battered his population with propaganda for the past 15 years which has unfortunately maintained the regression, 
  20 years, 
  what ? 
  i do n't live in new york, 
  ability to live and work anywhere in the eu is fantastic . 
  also provides workers with a baseline amount of rights , but the main reasons are economic . 
  the eu is the worlds most powerful economic union , it can compete internationally in a way that no lone european country would be able to . 
  why do you think it 's a bad thing ? 
  the eu is the worlds most powerful economic union , we 've sacrificed a lot of negotiation power . 
  globalisation is increasing rapidly , it will be increasingly difficult for individual european nations to compete with developing powerhouses, 
  yes it was an awful event . 
  so your complaint is more dark faces ? 
  paris is one of my favourite cities in the world beautiful architecture , museums , parks , cafes , great food and wine , lovely people ( my experience did n't fit the stereotype here ) only downside was gare du nord which is a dump, 
  http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/staggers/2016/06/how-did-different-demographic-groups-vote-eu-referendum here 's the voting demographic breakdown for brexit . 
  those most pro leave are the generation born during and after the war . 
  most of continental europe are pro eu in general, 
  why do you support le pen ? 
  did you support jean marie ? 
  well actually you 've just put a crazy spin on it . 
  100s of women were n't raped , and the perpetrators were n't refugees . 
  it 's not okay , that 's the whole point . 
  people who blew the cologne assaults out of all proportion are inadvertently sweeping the far wider sexual assault problem under the carpet . 
  calling gropes rape for political agenda reduces the actual impact of the word rape . 
  was awful that it happened but the media you consume probably blew it out of all proportions . 
  they made it sound like 100s of women were getting raped in the street . 
  unfortunately that type of sexual assault happens every weekend across college campuses . 
  we should protest against sexual assault in general , just getting angry when muslims do it sweeps the larger problem under the carpet, 
  reddit demographic is in general very pro eu, 
  yeah we will , i live in london and a significant chunk of muslims have integrated well into society , there are more problems than with most of our previous immigrant groups but people act like the whole muslim community is n't integrating and that 's false . 
  if sweden can implement decent integration policy the increasing demographic wo n't be much of an issue . 
  our populaces will need to be more skilled in the future . 
  here in the u.k. it 's working class whites who are doing the worst , muslims are proportionally represented in universities, 
  over her reign she 's probably been one of the most popular western politicians in modern history . 
  a lot of schultz voters will have massive respect for her even though they think it 's time for a change and i do n't think it 's likely schultz beats her, 
  the refugee crisis is slowing down , things were looking concerning if you projected an exponential increase of unskilled workers coming in to sweden , but that wont happen now . 
  as long as they do n't volunteer to be the # 1 destination for refugees next time they will be fine . 
  things do n't need to get better they just need to not get worse, 
  sweden has some problems with integration but they are n't in any serious trouble , polling reflects that, 
  right wing sentiment has been overestimated by polling in continental europe . 
  french local elections , austria , netherlands . 
  brexit/trump were considered underdogs by analysts who expected polls to overestimate their chances, 
  this does n't apply to all of them , but a lot of them have beliefs which are purely reactions to the mainstream politics . 
  they do n't arrive at conclusions independently , mainstream politics dictate that russia is bad , they 'll start supporting russia . 
  so massively under representing women , gays and minorities in media is putting them on a pedestal ? 
  polls are usually right , in fact if you remove an anomaly the brexit polling was spot on . 
  national polls for the us election were also accurate . 
  biggest miss i can remember was the uk general election and they were off by around 5pts, 
  it may be high but they actually did worse than they did in 2010 , people are more worried about populism making huge gains than they are about the fact that populism has a foothold in some countries . 
  how is globalism a negative ? 
  it 's raised the living standards of billions of people , it 's moving us towards a more united world .
