  race has never been part of the issue , it 's the fact that we have n't been as successful integrating muslims as we have other groups . 
  so does this also apply to the other muslim european countries ? 
  i do n't consider the united states part of the first world so i 'm sympathetic to your pov, 
  they 're just brainwashed . 
  lol me too , i even placed a bet on le pen just in case so i 'd have a silver lining . 
  but it would be a far greater achievement than any of the other events that have happened based on polling . 
  that 's naive . 
  even if you assume the polls are skewed by the amount they were for brexit/us election ( not very ) the odds of le pen winning are still less than the odds that trump would win new york prior to the election . 
  i think that india and china are populous and diverse enough on their own to be considered world regions . 
  in 20 years time all the regions mentioned will be economic powerhouses . 
  i disagree with his use of the present tense , europe is a world region right now , but it 's in danger of losing that influence . 
  i think we have a ton of foreign millionaires , richest parts of london are dominated by wealthy arabs who probably are n't counted here . 
  could alter the perception people have, 
  they are n't the only ones against immigration , even the left wing governments are against mass immigration . 
  there 's problems with the geneva convention that does n't allow us to send boats back . 
  the populist parties would n't be able to do anything different unless they adopted policy most here would consider far too extreme . 
  they are also eurosceptic and right wing in general . 
  people here oppose mass immigration because it 's a threat to our liberal way of life . 
  yes you can , you just have to concede a higher uncertainty , if this was the poll just before the election i 'd say macron was favourite for the first round . 
  i think le pen is still favourite for the 1st round , but to win the second polls would have to be much much more inaccurate than they were for trump, 
  yes that 's because our immigration policy has been broken . 
  in the globalised world we live in there are plenty of young pakistani 's who would be more than willing to adopt the culture . 
  we just have to ensure that the people coming are enthusiastic to be brits and not sexually repressed paedophiles . 
  we let thousands in un-vetted , rotherham was a product of that , rotherham does n't mean all immigration and demographic shift is bad . 
  look at the successes we 've had with indian , nigerian , ghanaian and east asian immigration . 
  if immigrants integrate ( as most have been doing to the uk ) then who cares about demographic trends , the problem is the few groups that are n't integrating and how to get them to integrate, 
  this is hardly white man brown man anymore considering how multiracial our countries are now, 
  it is weird how in the uk and us nationalism is something very associated with old people but in mainland europe it could actually be gaining momentum among the young, 
  bad source ? 
  and to answer your other reply i also just used wikipedia to get malta 's population and suicide rate to give the rough estimate of 30 per year . 
  that 's just not how statistics work . 
  the sample concerns the thing we 're investigating here , it is approx 30 a year . 
  the sample is n't the whole population if you 're looking at the ratio of two suicide rates . 
  suicides per year for women will inherently come with very high uncertainty if there are fewer than 10 per year . 
  the fact that one more woman killing herself in the year recorded here would half the ratio on the map should demonstrate that edit : here 's a source clearly showing the relative uncertainty in the ratio of suicide rates over time ( fig2 ) www.um.edu.mt/umms/mmj/pdf/454.pdf, 
  looked it up , suicide rate of malta is 6 per 100000 , so we 're talking about fewer than 30 people committing suicide . 
  that 's a far smaller sample size than i thought . 
  1 or 2 women committing suicide annually . 
  that creates massive uncertainty in the results . 
  if 3-6 more women committed suicide it 'd be the difference between a 16:1 and 4:1 ratio, 
  i think there are absurd number of factors involved . 
  possibly a bit rash writing off turkeys lower ratio to islam , but i think the fact that the male suicide rate has decreased so steadily in western european countries could have a link with increased gender equality and reduced pressure on men, 
  that 's interesting , but i think the scope is a bit too broad . 
  when looking at the world i 'm sure that cultural and environmental factors become dominant . 
  would you be able to do the same for just the european countries ? 
  that 's interesting , seem to have one of the highest rates amongst muslim nations . 
  i wonder if that 's because turkey was traditionally far more secular and culturally more european than other muslim nations, 
  the privilege comes from the fact that in patriarchal societies there 's much less freedom for women . 
  there 's generally a ceiling career wise and most respectable women are housewives . 
  i 'd much rather be a man in a patriarchy , but what 's sad is that studies show that a significant proportion of women living in patriarchal societies would also like to be men . 
  interestingly this new phenomenon of men complaining about feminism and playing the victim is a product of the feminisation of man . 
  alcohol could be a factor in general though cause russia finland and poland have some of the highest absolute rates in europe, 
  muslim nations generally have low rates in general cause they believe suicide is a sin, 
  in the u.k. 
  i think the female suicide rate has increased a tiny bit whilst the male one has decreased significantly since 1970 . 
  i think we 're at the beginning of a major mental illness epidemic though , so declines are n't going to continue, 
  probably just a lower sample size leading to a lot more fluctuation edit : yeah according to the data there are fewer than 30 suicides in malta per year , so that 's 1-2 women committing suicide a year . 
  even if just 3 women extra committed suicide that 'd bring malta 's ratio down to other western european levels, 
  well based on this chart it 's the states which aspire to feminist ideals that have the lower ratios . 
  traditional gender roles put a lot more pressure on men . 
  unlikely , most successful populist parties had to pivot to the left to become remotely viable options . 
  le pen had to drop the racism , anti-semitism and homophobia of her father to gain less than 10 percentage points . 
  to get into power and remain strongly anti-immigration parties will have to drop the homophobia . 
  the former leader of the alt-right was gay , it 's becoming socially acceptable amongst even conservatives . 
  is n't it pretty much guaranteed at this point that it will be a coalition between multiple parties and pvv wo n't be included ? 
  the only question is which parties negotiate their way into the coalition, 
  also the immigrant groups that came to the uk the earlierst , nigerian , indian etc. 
  have integrated very well . 
  whereas in france there was always significant north african immigration which has n't been as successful ( though still was successful earlier on ) . 
  i do n't think the uk will ever be able to go far right again given current sentiment and demographics , whereas france may well in the coming decades, 
  should visit morocco sometime, 
  i do agree , it is unhelpful how quickly people write them off . 
  my problem is when staunch nationalists claim that the economy is going to be better off out of the eu . 
  if they operated on the honest platform of , ` the economy will take a hit but immigration may get reduced ' then it is very unlikely brexit would have won . 
  i think they probably classify ukip and afd as far right , even though i agree . 
  ukips probably the tamest populist party in europe . 
  in a way that makes the distinction between uk and france even more clear, 
  as long as we keep ultra nationalists out of power it wont happen, 
  i have n't travelled around france extensively , if other cities are set up the way paris is then it 's a likely factor . 
  if not i do n't know . 
  what do you think ? 
  sad to see , what do you think is the reason behind this difference ? 
  i think one factor could be the way cities are set up , in paris the poor are pushed to the fringes of the cities , so poor migrants live in ghettos isolated from the rest of the population . 
  in london you can find council housing a road down from million pound property . 
  so in france migration is easily associated with poverty and crime whereas in london pretty much everyone has direct experience with first generation migrants . 
  why would you sacrifice your driving seat in the most powerful economic union on earth ? 
  globalisation is increasing at an exponential rate , 2016 no exception even with brexit and trump . 
  i want to see europe remain at the forefront of the world , china and india are n't ready to take the helm . 
  isolationism reduces negotiation power . 
  yeah , i did n't say it was just an economic union . 
  canada is still part of a very strong economic union . 
  the uk was in the driving seat of the most powerful economic union on earth , i 'm optimistic about our future prospects but there 's no replacing that . 
  well they are but in reality they only care about cash . 
  they still massively underrepresent non black minorities because audiences are n't as used to them . 
  basically they wo n't be pioneers but they will take the liberal position when it 's easy . 
  so not only are they homophobic they also undermine the severity of paedophilia, 
  well germany has a right wing government at the moment , it 's becoming more progressive and might move left for the first time in the 21st century , but certainly not progressive at the moment . 
  i think most europeans are very critical of their politics , the problem is on a website like reddit a lot of the conversations are dictated by americans who say things that seem obviously ridiculous to europeans . 
  so instead of having a nuanced debate about our politics we end up defending crazy statements about the state of affairs in europe . 
  no one thinks that britain wo n't make it on it 's own , just that we will take a big hit economically and lose a lot of influence .
