  you could help 10x more for the same budget . 
  so no , what we 're doing is not humanitarian , it 's just feel-good selfish bullshit for people who would rather see themselves as virtuous than actually act that way . 
  anyone who spends a few minutes thinking about the consequences of this immigration realizes how dumb the whole enterprise is , but since it 's not their money being spent , who cares right ? 
  well this would be ideal , but where can they go ? 
  gulf states are absolutely awful and they wo n't accept anyone . 
  lebanon and jordan are chock full . 
  israel wo n't accept anyone . 
  iran wo n't cooperate . 
  turkey has kept so many from coming into europe but they 're run by a dictator who 's using refugees as bargaining power . 
  i would love to see a comprehensive plan for a refugee program outside the eu , funded by un states . 
  and now you understand why most people do n't understand why the right conflates radical islam with the islam everyday muslims practice, 
  because the qu ` ran supports a wide range of values , often contradictory ones , like any religious text . 
  that means there 's an incredible potential for ideological diversity within islam , the fact that most muslims have n't even read the qu ` ran just increases this diversity . 
  it does n't really make sense to say there 's a problem with ` islam , ' because islam is a huge umbrella term for all this ideological diversity . 
  a lot of muslims give generously to charity and treat all others with respect because it says to do so in the qu ` ran , i do n't think it makes sense to say these are general positives of islam , rather these are specific positive values held by some muslims . 
  it makes sense to criticise the specific values we all find abhorrent rather than criticise this umbrella , that represents so many differenct things now and has represented even more over the years . 
  one could argue that there 's no difference between criticising the umbrella of islam and the specific negative values that are believed by a number of muslims , but even if that was true in practice there are negative consequences in criticising the umbrella . 
  if you imagine muslims on a spectrum of integrated to radical , i think that any alienation of muslims in general is going to shift the whole spectrum towards radical , and that 's exactly what isis wants , whereas criticising the specific negative values is n't going to alienate the integrated muslims at all because they also abhor the negative values . 
  i do believe we need a slowdown on unskilled islamic immigration because of integration issues , but we take in refugees for humanitarian purposes , and it 's certainly possible to take in refugees whilst reducing the overall number of muslims coming to the west . 
  it 's not a fantasy , we 've had mass indian immigration to the uk , integration takes a generation and has worked very well . 
  we 've had decent chunks of nigerian and ghanaian immigration , probably could n't call it mass immigration but it 's still worked fine . 
  i agree that we need to slow down immigration when it comes to the communities that are having problems, 
  nigerian and ghanaian immigration has been some of the most successful to the uk , because it was handled responsibly . 
  there has been a lot of success with muslim immigration too , we just need to be more forceful with our integration policy . 
  demographic trends are n't worrying if cultural integration occurs . 
  they are putting their fingers in their ears and being a general obstruction to any progress then . 
  what we need are organisations led by integrated muslims trying to reform islam , not people who pretend problems do n't exist, 
  muslims are n't seen as fifth column in most places with a lot of muslims though . 
  i 'm from london , and we definitely do have integration problems when it comes to islamic immigration , but we 've also had a lot of success , and all it takes is a little bit of success before people feel like this really is a solvable problem . 
  the division is n't between muslims and non-muslims , it 's between the integrated and non-integrated , and that 's an important distinction , as long as it 's like that people wo n't vote far right . 
  in paris things are worse because the poor immigrants are shoved to the outskirts and integrated parisians do n't interact with them . 
  right now things are a bit foggy , some people still believe in a multiethnic multicultural society , when most see a multiethnic monocultural society as an end goal . 
  as our sights are set firmly on the latter integration will be achieved , just like it has been with nigerians , caribbeans , indians , east asians etc. 
  tolerance for everyone except the intolerant . 
  the problem is the left-right clash around islam is so hung up on semantics . 
  left ( which i am part of ) think that islam is a diverse collection of different ideologies , some acceptable , some unacceptable , and we want to accept those who have ideologies compatible with western ones . 
  the right think that islam in general is the problem . 
  the thing is , on the whole we both actually agree when it comes to specific ideologies that are incompatible with the west . 
  if we get past the semantics issues we have a lot in common , but we have n't been able to because the semantics are important to both sides . 
  guy defending the sentiment that we should deport all immigrants got 40 upvotes . 
  these threads always attract the crazies and shut down real discussion, 
  pvv performed worse than they did in 2010 though , i do n't see evidence of the far-right rising, 
  the demographic changes are inevitable , cultural changes are not . 
  there are problems with islamic integration , but there has also been a lot of success . 
  erdogan says this stuff because he wants the eu to be the scapegoat for more extreme turkish policies . 
  why do you think he 's been calling the dutch and german 's nazis ? 
  so far they are n't really fulfilling the role he has in mind for them . 
  it 's playing into the hands of populists , that 's exactly why he 's doing this . 
  erdogan is doing this to fuel division , why do you think he was calling the dutch and germans nazis ? 
  both he and the populist parties hold values that are anti-western . 
  afd have the same chance gary johnson did, 
  they 've dropped the racism , anti-semitism and homophobia that won them 18 % , it 's not a surprise that they are doing much better now . 
  35 % is what their currently predicted as getting , i would be surprised if they got that . 
  i think it 's extremely unlikely they do better in 5 years time considering that there likely will be no refugee crisis . 
  if they do win in 5 years time then that will be the groundbreaking thing . 
  a fn victory would be one of the most incredible political upsets of our times . 
  a republican victory should have been expected , 12 years of democratic rule would have been unprecedented and they nominated one of the most hated candidates in recent memory . 
  i do n't really understand this question . 
  fn were perceived as far more extreme in the days of jean marie le pen and she 's only going to get around 10 % better than him . 
  it 's not going to be game changing if le pen gets the 35 % she 's predicted to get , so why would anything change ? 
  denk is very left wing , conservative muslims hate them, 
  they certainly are n't a muslim party , it 's a party run by immigrants that 's quite left wing . 
  any conservative muslims hate them . 
  merkel is definitely still favourite . 
  agreed but it 's done now, 
  do n't think so , not if gl get in instead . 
  pessimists and optimists are both by definition skewing the actual probability that an event happens . 
  if the polls are skewed by the amount they were in the midwest for the us election the chances that le pen wins are less than the chance trump would have won new york, 
  yeah but we still would have never voted in a populist party . 
  u.k. has always been eurosceptic , there were plenty of times over the past few decades we would have chosen to leave , just this time we got a referendum, 
  britain has always been very eurosceptic , that 's why we left the eu . 
  it was n't to do with the rise of populism so much as to do as the populace has always had some contempt for the eu . 
  people forget that even in their prime ukip could n't get 20 % of the vote, 
  brexit and trump, 
  think it bodes well but a lot can change before the french election, 
  nigel only got 15 % of the vote too . 
  ukip were part of the leave movement but it was tory voters who spearheaded us leaving the eu, 
  that 's 19 seats , 13-15 % of the vote, 
  brexit and trump may have worked against other populist parties . 
  more apolitical people voting purely against populists, 
  lol nice detective work , also notice how he wrote ` islamic ' ` turkey ' ` albanian ' and ` erdogan ' in lowercase and ` europe ' and ` usa ' with capitals ? 
  seems he 's sending us mixed signals ... 
  3 years not saying you 're wrong , cause if your politicians put their fingers in their ears and pretend nothing is going badly then there will certainly be problems . 
  but i 've seen ghettos in the uk be transformed with sensible policy, 
  sweden has had a really transformative period of immigration . 
  too much too quick without a good enough integration program . 
  if you guys cut down massively on immigration some of the immigrants you have will integrate . 
  swedes will give those integrated immigrants a platform and they will be role models for 2nd generation youths etc. 
  things will start to look up in a big way . 
  visiting sweden myself i found it to be one of the most beautiful countries i 've been to , i went last summer , but i obviously did n't visit the ghettos there needs to be calm rational policy , populists are n't the answer and neither are people who want to keep the door wide open . 
  populists are just dividing communities , and in some cases are actively against values most westerners hold dear . 
   it could also be that people don \u00b4 t want to live in middle east 2.0 , or want to get an axe in their head while shopping for apples . 
  just a thought ... 
  i 'm explaining the sentiment behind a lot of people who want a slowdown in immigration yet do n't vote for the populist right wing . 
   the only really good immigrants we have come from the eu , east asia , aus , us . 
  not africa , not the middle east . 
  as a brit this is laughably false for us , nigerians , ghanaians , indians , bangladeshis , jamaicans etc. 
  are some of our most successful immigrant groups . 
  even farage campaigned on the promise of less eu immigration and more indian immigration . 
  we 've also had a lot of success with muslim integration ( even though like i said there are problems ) , hell the mayor of our capital is a liberal muslim and more radical muslims detest him .
