it is arguably worse for a country 's economy than inflation . 
  just look at what has happened to japan in the last 20 years . 
  your products simply become to expensive to sell abroad when compared to the competition . 
  yes because zimbabwe has no currency anymore . 
  cumulative inflation in venezuela is at 63 % in october 2014 , the highest in the world . 
  you should give them a call . 
  propose a constitutional amendment . 
  stop acting like you 're above spanish law and propose it . 
  get your leaders to rally outside of catalonia , perhaps even into other restive regions like galicia and euskara and get the ball rolling . 
  of course that psoe and pp are extremely hesitant , but that does n't mean that the democratic process should be hurdled over . 
  you are not living in a dictatorship , and laws * can * be changed . 
  if , instead of going solo on this independence deal , the catalans would rally all spanish autonomous regions into backing up this referendum then it would most definitely take place , and i myself would support that and i would vote , and vote for federation and the possibility of secession . 
  but this ? 
  acting as if madrid is literally hitler ? 
  come on guys . 
  you are part of a country , and you are bound by its laws . 
  there are still legal ways to achieve your goals . 
  by the way , great going with the downvotes everyone . 
  apparently it 's impossible to hold a serious discussion with catalan independentists anymore . 
  the constitution is an excuse ? 
  how is the constitution an excuse ? 
  the constitution is the common law that all citizens of all regions of spain agreed upon . 
  how the fuck is that `` just an excuse '' ? 
  and of course the spanish government prefers to maintain the status quo , it is the catalan independence movement the one that should be pushing for a constitutional referendum in order to open the legal way for secession . 
  but why are n't catalans doing this ? 
  because they 'd lose that referendum , and they know it . 
  instead they prefer to go against spanish law , which applies directly to them as well , by comparing their strife with that of yugoslav states , because apparently rajoy is literally milosevic now . 
  catalonia is part of spain , an autonomous province of spain . 
  and as such it must follow the spanish constitution , and the * current * spanish constitution does not allow for the secession of provinces . 
  i am 100 % in favor of having a referendum to change the constitution , and if the constitution is changed , then yes , the catalan referendum should be held immediately . 
  catalonia * is * part of spain , spanish law * still * applies to them and it 's insane that such an explicitly written article in the constitution should be ignored just because they decided to part ways . 
  change the constitution , then we 'll talk independence . 
  by the way , we would n't even be having this conversation in the hypothetical case of a serious texan secessionist movement . 
  washington simply would not allow it , period . 
  just think about that for a minute . 
  you ca n't just trample over the constitution . 
  especially when we 're talking about one of the largest economies in europe . 
  if spain balkanizes , the eu will break apart . 
  that 's spanish politics for you . 
  especially the catalan independence movement . 
  that 's pretty lucky for lyon . 
  synonyms these days . 
  france is in all of them ... 
  there literally was an agreement in which the us promised to protect ukrainian territorial integrity and yet today there is currently a motherfucking * land war * in europe over ukraine 's territories . 
  so yeah , while sweden and ukraine are extremely different situations , you should n't be so lax about a very possible russian aggression . 
  over ukraine ? 
  unlikely , even back then , sadly . 
  go leave the dream then . 
  what 's stopping you ? 
  holy crap look at vichy france !, 
  a country calling others fascist is usually a strong symptom of it being a fascist country itself . 
  beautiful . 
  no one denies turkish deaths , but turkey openly denies involvement in the genocide of the armenian population , so they get the spotlight for being disrespectful assholes . 
  turkish deaths do n't cancel out the armenian genicide , or viceversa . 
  they want * more * old people ? 
  wow you 're so oppressed , such suffering . 
  the struggle is real in catalonia . 
  no , he 's explicitly referring to the sat . 
  the pp 's corruption does n't somehow invalidate the sat 's corruption . 
  it almost seems like money was involved in making sure that union did n't form . 
  * almost ... *, 
  and it 's no coincidence that artur mas wants independence too , following pujol 's footsteps . 
  this just means the sanctions are hurting where they should . 
  artur mas should be next in line for the confessional , that corrupt and manipulative asshole . 
  just like most arab muslim embassies and consulates openly advocating for the elimination of israel . 
  same bigotry indeed . 
  how about you try to educate yourself in global matters rather than expecting everyone to spoon feed everything to you . 
  go google it yourself if you 're so interested in knowing . 
  the authoritarianism of the russian regime is pretty much unarguable even by russian standards . 
  it was also due to recklessness and warmongering from a corrupt dictator . 
  it * is * his direct fault even though it was n't in his plans to kill those civilians . 
  [ gaddafi ordered the terrorist bombing of a plane over scotland . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan_am_flight_103 ), 
   everybody in ireland speaks english , yet , for some , irish is their first language . 
  [ this is explained here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2bj8dq/catalan_and_the_official_european_union_languages/cj60y9f ) you 're asking for consultation after having being riled up by opportunist leaders taking advantage of the crisis . 
  it 's no wonder that before the crisis catalan will for independence was around 30 % . 
  fervent nationalism , or in your case regionalism , has never led to anything good . 
  you 're being fooled by leaders who want catalu\u00f1a for themselves and their corrupt businesses . 
  also , if i say catalu\u00f1a , as it 's called in spanish , the language spoken by everyone in spain , it 's because i want to . 
  i could 've said catalonia , or catalunya and as a matter of fact , most of the time people online refer to catalu\u00f1a as catalunya even when speaking english , so the conversation 's language does n't seem to matter when it comes to your province 's name and it depends entirely on who 's speaking . 
  i 'd like to see you correcting people when they say catalunya instead of catalonia when speaking english . 
  saying catalu\u00f1a is not disrespectful . 
  do n't worry , the letter \u00f1 does n't bite . 
  because not everyone in europe speaks english while everyone in the uk is assumed to speak english . 
  same for spanish in spain , all of spain . 
  if all spanish people speak spanish then its their official language and catalan has no place in the european union as a national language . 
  the thing is that you hate spain , and everything it stands for , and you 're not * really * fighting for catalan to be acknowledged as an official language in the eu , you 're fighting for the eu to acknowledge catalu\u00f1a as a separate nation from spain altogether . 
  and then you act all offended when spain denies the possibility of enabling further advances of catalan independence . 
  stop being so naive . 
  besides , ask yourself this : does everyone in spain speak catalan ? 
  how about galician ? 
  or basque ? 
  how about spanish ? 
  yes ? 
  then spanish should be the only official language of spain in the european union . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  but they did . 
  hamas is a terrorist organization entrenched in gaza . 
  it has vowed for the destruction of israel .
