why are people struggling with my statement ? 
  did i word it badly ? 
   the series of buildings connected to the white house make it the biggest government system ever built . 
  yeah . 
  '' ** series of buildings connected to ** the white house '' . 
  those buildings are there because the white house itself is completely inadequate . 
  i 'm saying : the building is not suited for a modern executive branch . 
  you reply : that 's stupid , because most of it is n't there . 
  which is my point . 
  the executive branch is split across multiple buildings because the white house was insufficient by the 1800s . 
  but the white house is still its undeniable headquarters . 
  ... is exactly my point . 
  in fairness , the white house is seriously ill-adapted to modern governance , though . 
  imo its historical heritage justifies its continued use , but a far more rational building could be constructed and make everyone 's day in the executive branch easier . 
   this democratic deficit trope is getting a bit tiresome . 
  i consider democracy to be a fundamental value on which i build my political world . 
  i 'm terribly sorry if i 'm unoriginal . 
   however , the commission answers to the heads of state of the nations of europe , who are accountable to their voters . 
  that is not my experience . 
  i visited brussels and spoke at the eu parliament once . 
  i was invited by an ngo called the european emergency number association . 
  they do really top-notch and important work . 
  in the eu there are multiple different emergency response numbers , the infrastructure is overwhelmingly obsolete and sometimes antiquated , it is almost never accessible by sms for hearing impaired , there is no standard for geolocating phones . 
  now , this regulatory sluggishness costs innocent lives on a regular basis . 
  in this context , i was invited as a survivor of the ut\u00f8ya massacre , to give my personal story of an extreme example ; at the time of the massacre , the emergency number went directly to the local police station , with no overflow to neighbouring precincts . 
  the exchange was operated by a single person . 
  i consider protecting the lives of citizens to be one of the most fundamental responsibilities politicians have . 
  rather than actually take action on these issues , the commission did not want to impose regulations on the telecommunications industry or take responsibility to modernize emergency services . 
  imo , this is not the kind of political work that prioritizes people over special interests . 
  and when the organization [ expressed disbelief ] ( https://twitter.com/112_sos/status/432794620796624896 ) at a [ truly bizarre photo op ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/avservices/photo/photobyreportage.cfm?ref=024960&amp;sitelang=en ) , a spokesperson for neelie kroes denounced them as `` faceless trolls '' - which i think reveals a lot about what the culture really is like . 
  the thing is , he * kind of is * right about the lack of accountability and obscurity of the eu , which * does * lend itself well to manipulation by corporate interests ... 
  i mean , as a norwegian social democrat who also does n't like idiocy i could n't dislike him more , but make fun of him all you like , the objections are valid . 
  the unacceptably undemocratic nature of the eu is the primary reason why i 'm against membership . 
  that was a big marketing point when dvd players started coming out ; now you could select whether or not you want the dub !, 
  what 's in it for them is inertia . 
  a big currency is easier to keep stable than a small one . 
  the scottish and uk economies will still be quite integrated , even with independence . 
  a currency union makes a great deal of sense for everyone involved , afaict . 
  but not with visible ballots . 
  the `` referendum '' was about as credible as a democratic election as the anschluss . 
  it 's presumptuous and rude , is what 's wrong with it . 
  it creates noise - like talking about your dog every second paragraph in a serious discussion . 
  even for those who like me understood that sentence in french , it 's still needless duplication . 
  the referendum ? 
  not really . 
  it was widely perceived ( rightly ) as a fraud . 
  they were putting ballot papers with the vote clearly visible into transparent plastic boxes * at gunpoint * . 
  i mean , come on . 
  an informal referendum * is * not a legal affair . 
  see also : crimea . 
  that 's a question of what you define as `` viable '' ... 
  * christ ... come on . 
  france is a wonderful european nation with a lot to offer but it is not a world power and the language is not spoken by anyone but you and your former colonies . 
  this is an english forum because english is the world language and it 's time you faced up to that !, 
   and as for continuing to insist there will be a currency union even when all of the westminster parties rejected one . . that they reject it before the secession is a fact does n't mean they 'll reject it afterwards ... 
  good thing the comments section do n't make flags . 
  imo , winner-take-all systems ( which inevitably create two-party systems ) are not a flaw of democracy , they are a failure to achieve it . 
  i believe that systems where the `` winners take all '' inherently damage the political process . 
  politics is inherently an extremely competitive business . 
  politicians will generally be forced to use the optimum strategy , whether or not that is in accordance with personal ideals or decency - because if they do n't , someone else will - and will beat them , way before they ever reach a national stage . 
  in a multi-party system , the onus is on being better than the others - because a person on the left or the right wing can still choose between parties with a real chance for power . 
  they compete for the trust of the voter , and they may have to make genuinely difficult and inconvenient decisions to ensure they keep it . 
  but in a two-party system , it 's far easier . 
  the optimum strategy is to make the other fellow look worse . 
  and perversely , plurality is punished brutally . 
  if idealists were to split out of labour , say , and create a socialist left party such as we have in norway , they would n't get a chance to build a coalition which more accurately represented the sentiments of the electorate - rather they split the vote and ensure the party they sympathise with the least was elected !, 
  ralph nader is the prime example of that . 
  it 's probably a joke but i 'd assume it 'd be filed away in the databanks . 
  i was about ten years old when i tried some candy i did n't like , and i spat it out - without realizing it was on the street in front of the american embassy . 
  suddenly two armed guards approached me warning me that if they wanted to they could make it impossible to ever enter the us . 
  which would suck considering half my family are americans . 
  way to police state . 
  six feet undercover . 
   multiculturalism i dislike that word , because it tries to present tolerance as an ideology . 
  multiculturalism really means `` not thinking brown people are the apocalypse '' , and it 's such a strange thing to present that as an ideology to actively choose . 
  i mean , i 'm not a `` multisexualist '' just because i do n't mind homosexuals living in my country , am i ? 
  why am i a `` multiculturalist '' because i do n't mind someone with a different heritage ? 
   i do too , but being tolerant to sexism , anti-semitism , and rampant crime is 100 % unacceptable . 
  why do so many on the right wing fetishise pretending we disagree about that !? 
  the examples you show are socio-economic problems in how a society accepts its new citizens . 
  this is a very cynical argument , not out of idealism : the welfare state runs a profit because , on average , its investments in a human being are smaller than the tax income they generate - which is why the european welfare states bloomed while lifting millions out of poverty into dignified lives . 
  it 's not as if the western world has n't always had and continues to have these problems - and people always fall for the temptation to apply labels based on ethnicity , and it 's just a stupid common denominator to be using . 
  it all boils down to economic empowerment , and the successful integration which creates it requires an open debate . 
  i just ca n't subscribe to your claim of preserving freedom and open-mindedness , because by demonising immigrants as inherently , widely bigoted - your premise is extremely bigoted in itself . 
  i suppose the difference is that i perceive egalitarianism and tolerance as a key issue for my society to be able to function acceptably . 
   they do n't like the danish people 's party because a lot of the centre-left voters have disappeared and joined the danish people 's party in stead . 
  yeah . 
  that 's totally why they dislike them . 
  the bit about fundamentally disagreeing with the world view is just a ruse ; it 's really all envy . 
  i think ludicrous the idea that discourse on immigration is not shaped , almost defined , by it already . 
   if you want to save eritrea , then you do it !, 
  do n't drag us into your stupidity !, 
  this is not a unidirectional matter . 
  if you want to abandon eritreans , then you argue for it in a democratic system . 
  do n't drag us into your racist lack of compassion for dark-skinned people . 
  well , nobody is expecting any single country to take in all of them , obviously . 
  argue like an adult , do n't construct these pointless strawmen . 
  and that 's really nothing . 
  our asylum quotas are pathetic , there is no other way to describe it . 
  our national debate has veered to the far right , to the extent that unambiguously nazistic and fascistic argumentation is completely accepted in mainstream discourse .
