  actually import was set up from france . 
  no country puts people using their freedom of speech in prison ; the freedom of speech is by definition speech which is not illegal . 
  no , the law has been considered dormant ever since 1933 . 
  that 's funny and largely accurate, 
  it needs saying that this has been a `` dormant law '' ( sovende paragraf ) since the 1930s , so it has no real-life impact . 
  arnulf \u00d8verland was acquitted in 1933 even though he basically tried as hard as would be possible to offend christianity , then absolutely dominant . 
  removing this law was a formality - a formality intended to send a signal , maybe , but it 's a formality nonetheless . 
  here in my country , that 's something the crown prince might do . 
  i mean , i 'm principally against monarchy but even i reflexively downvoted you . 
  harald < 3 i will support the king until such time as either ari behn or m\u00e4rtha become heirs , at which point i will try to find out if there is a republican association here . 
  if you translate \u00d8verland you lose either the emotional impact or the meter . 
  now , the english translation which retains meter is :  you can not permit it !, 
  you dare not , at all . 
    accepting that outrage on all else may fall !, 
  which is weak tea . 
  a modern , ideomatically compatible translation which throws meter out the window would be closer to :  you must n't slumber ,   you must n't suffer so god-damned well   that injustice which does n't affect you !, 
  that was during a period when the conservative government were in open conflict with teachers . 
  there 's the joke about two old finnish best friends , who reunite after not having seen each other for decades . 
  they agree that they should go out for a drink to catch up on old times . 
  after the second vodka , the one guy says to the other - `` so ... how are things ? '', 
  - and he replies `` did you come here to drink or did you come here to talk ? '', 
  nothing , there would be no world . 
  this impacts your personal wealth just a minuscule fraction compared to austerity . 
   the thing about deregulating the market does n't mean that the shop has to be open , only that the shop is allowed to be open . 
  the market forces you talk about represent the will of the majority of the people , so if they want to be able to shop on sundays , who are politicians to say that they are n't allowed to ? 
  they 're the democratically elected representatives of the people , who , in stark contrast to market forces , inherently are elected to represent the will of the majority of the people . 
  it takes a special kind of market fundamentalist chutzpah to say `` the market only does the will of the people '' even when that 's explicitly contradicted by the facts, 
   noone is forcing the workers to decide to work for places that operate on sundays and during the night ( ... ) their salary is atrocious and the extra ~ 20 $ they got for these each month did make a difference in their lives ) how is underpaying the workers to the point where 20 $ makes a difference in their lives not effectively forcing them to accept such working conditions ? 
  this is n't just the case for the vulnerable workers , either - even though they certainly bear the brunt . 
  * everyone * becomes worse off to placate people who ca n't plan their week like adults . 
  if it is legal to keep grocery stores open , then business owners have no choice but to do so . 
  grocery shoppers are creatures of habit ; if one store being open on a sunday causes a shopper to change their habit , then they will generally stick to the other store . 
  for this reason and others , if one store is able to open on sundays , then the othes will be obligated to do so , even though they actually lose money on it . 
  this is why the chamber of commerce in norway is almost as strongly against deregulating grocery shopping on sundays as the labour unions are . 
   a shop that is open on sundays would probably make more sales in total , even if other shops are open as well . 
  yes , but the added revenue from elasticity of demand for groceries does n't come anywhere near offsetting the cost of doing business on the extra day . 
  for business owners it 's a loss to have to be open an extra day ( which they are obliged to do by market forces ) . 
  this is a big part of why both the chamber of commerce * and * the labour unions in norway are against deregulating commerce on sundays . 
   the fact is that customers value the convenience of liberal opening hours and do n't mind that the stores do n't have the highest efficiency . 
   shops being open on sundays tend to hire more workers to cover the increased hours , it 's not like all workers have to work every hour the store is open . 
  another way to phrase that is : shops which are open on sundays make less efficient use of their manpower . 
   banning not talking to \u2260 banning, 
  nope , but they do n't get nukes -  they do n't start a nuclear arms battle in the middle east . 
  nobody is expecting a brutal theocracy to suddenly grow pacifistic . 
  surely that 's not the example you learn from iran , which has abandoned its nuclear programme after intense diplomacy , to lessen economic sanctions ? 
  europe is [ massively outspending the us in civilian institutions and economic sanctions which play a critical role too ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-united-states-is-riding-europes-superpower-coattails/2016/04/14/90b3dd98-0193-11e6-9203-7b8670959b88_story.html ), 
  just about that time that sketch came out , my office was being redone by some danish workers . 
  every morning , i 'd greet them with `` kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 ! '' . 
  they assumed it was a norwegian greeting , and began using it with my colleagues . 
  sure , i get your point - a stock character in jokes does n't depend on people actually believing in the stereotype . 
  but they still need to be * aware * of its use as a stock character , and i do n't think europeans are . 
  that 's how european infighting works . 
  casual , engrained hostility based on a vague understanding of centuries-past historical events . 
  i 'm guessing american cultural influence ( edit : see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_joke ) . 
  europeans do n't generally think that of the poles , afaik . 
  they 're certainly viewed very positively in norway . 
  we have our own regional battles to fight . 
  we 're most upset about the fucking danes . 
   as far as i know , their word might be enough and no real proof is required . 
  then honestly you need to learn more . 
  it 's a multi-year process . 
  some are - and who can blame them ? 
  but more of a concern to me is that the office of an ambassador carries with it a far greater prestige , and therefore it just counts for so much more when an ambassador attends some event that markets american exports , say . 
  you should n't underestimate the value of a good ambassador . 
  although the us wastes ambassadorial posts horrendously by handing them out quid-pro-quo for campaign donations , there is * enormous * potential for a skilled ambassador to improve strategic alliances and trade relations . 
  it 's not the same , not by a long shot . 
  as [ thor steinhovden ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/thor-steinhovden/ted-cruz-stop-holding-our_b_9080934.html ) points out :  the american embassy in oslo is staffed by very capable diplomats and very experienced local employees . 
  however , no matter how you spin it , there is no equivalent representative to the president 's appointed delegate to a country . 
  other diplomats simply can not make up for the prestige that comes with having an ambassador present . 
  it 's a lot more relevant than a lot of the other shit the news keeps harping on about , like mh380 . 
   but it does affect us quite directly . 
  for instance , largely thanks to an obstruction tactic by ted cruz , the us has been unable to appoint an ambassador to norway - which is a big problem both for the us and norway . 
  another significant factor is of course that bernie sanders is running on a platform which bears a very strong resemblance to our scandinavian style of organizing a society - which is very interesting and newsworthy , of course , since we 've gotten used to being alone with a good idea . 
  i 'm just saying that when people talk about wolfenstein as if it represents censorship of a substantial debate about germany 's history , that 's wrong . 
  you 're assuming european news decide what to show based on what is relevant . 
  does news in the us do that ? 
  besides , the us is relevant to everyone . 
  it 's a cheap story to cover , just get some stock videography off the eurovision feed and find some analyst who displays basic understanding of the us ( that bar is very low ) . 
  and i put it to you : which provides a more thorough understanding of one 's country 's nazi past : hour-long documentaries , or a game where you chase hitler through a maze ? 
  goes very well with references to `` violations '' of constitutional articles they do not understand . 
  edit : seriously . 
  i 'm being downvoted . 
  this is hilarious . 
  dovre dovre hills y' all, 
  the really hilarious thing is all the right-wing morons who are pestering the facebook page with paranoid rants about `` giving away the country to foreigners '' . 
  the idea that this pisses off people quite so stupid is like a silver lining . 
  indeed , and norway is afaik the only country where you are * legally mandated * to carry weapons - on jan mayen and svalbard - to ward off polar bears . 
  but in general our gun control is very well targeted , which i like . 
  a recreational hunter will easily be able to purchase a weapon for their use , provided they can obtail a license . 
   you do n't see train drivers or bus drivers demand such ridiculous special treatment , do you . 
  you also do n't see train drivers and bus drivers having to pay huge money out of pocket for extensive private training . 
  they do , however , enjoy solid protection from unions . 
   i 've never seen a union get so little sympathy for their cause during a strike . 
  never . . that 's because companies almost never go on all-out attacks against the unions , spreading distortions and sometimes outright lies about their demands and the situation . 
  norwegian airlines are the worst kind of union-busters . 
  they have created a subsidiary company which hires most everyone and contract from them , to take any union leverage away . 
  i 've decided that i ca n't afford a sas ticket , i ca n't afford to fly . 
  yeah , i think you 're right . 
  your point about economic independence is very good . 
  greater employment of women means that they stand on equal footing in a relationship , and are more free to end it if they feel it 's best .
